
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1865-10. 55 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

A dispatch has just been received by this Department from General Grant, dated Raleigh, 9 a. m., April 24. He says:

I reached here this morning, and delivered to General Sherman the reply to his negotiations with Johnston. Word was immediately sent to Johnston terminating the truce, and information that civil matters could not be entertained in any convention between army commanders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 26, 1865-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 10 a. m. 28th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Sherman and Johnston had another interview to-day, and Johnston has surrendered on same terms as Lee accepted. I think the great bulk of the army will start for Washington overland in a few days. I will be guided by circumstances in the absence of any instructions from you. I think we will hold on here for some time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 26, 1865-10 p. m.

(Received 9. 30 a. m. 28th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Davis with his cabinet passed into South Carolina with the intention no doubt of getting out of the country either by way of Cuba or across the Mississippi. Sherman sent this information by way of Wilmington yesterday to Admiral Dahlgren and Gillmore for them to be on the watch. I think it would be advisable to give the same information to the naval commander on the Mississippi River and all post commanders.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 26, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 10. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington:

Generals Meade, Sheridan, and Wright are acting under orders to pay no regard to any truce or orders of General Sherman suspending hostilities, on the ground that Sherman's agreements could bind his own command only, and no other. They are directed to push forward, regardless of orders from any one except General Grant, and cut off Johnston's retreat. Beauregard has telegraphed to Danville that a new arrangement had been made with Sherman, and that the advance of the Sixth Corps was to be suspended till further orders. I have telegraphed back to obey no orders of General Sherman, but to push

