
Terms of a military convention entered into this 26th day of April, 1865, at Bennett's house, near Durham's Station, N. C., between General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding the Confederate Army, and Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the United States Army in North Carolina.

1. All acts of war on the part of the troops under General Johnston's command to cease from this date.

2. All arms and public property to be deposited at Greensborough, and delivered to an ordnance officer of the United States Army.

3. Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to be retained by the commander of the troops, and the other to be given to an officer to be designated by General Sherman, each officer and man to give his individual obligation in writing not to take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly released from this obligation.

4. The side arms of officers and their private horses and baggage to be retained by them.

5. This being done, all the officers and men will be permitted to return to their homes, not to be disturbed by the United States authorities so long as they observe their obligation and the laws in force where they may reside.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Forces in North Carolina.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, Commanding C. S. Forces in North Carolina.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 26, 1865.

Approved:

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUTLER'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, April 26, 1865-11. 35 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: General J. E. Johnston notifies me by telegraph from "Company's Shops" that he is on his way to meet, and directs me to inform you that the Sixth Army Corps, U. S. Army, encamped last night eighteen miles from Danville. He requestes that you will send an order by telegraph through General G. T. Beauregard, at Greensborough, to stop the march of this corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. BUTLER,

Major-General.

[APRIL 26, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 74, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, amending General Orders, Numbers 70, April 17, 1865, relating to extension of the military lines of the United States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 956.]

