
Newton Bingham commanding; Fifty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas A. McNaught commanding; Eighteenth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Jackson commanding.

II. 1. Brigadier General William T. Clar, with headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, is transferred to the Fourth Division and will report to Brevet Major-General Corse for assignment to the command of his brigade.

2. Colonel John E. Tourtellotte is hereby relieved from the command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, and will resume command of his regiment.

3. The brigade band, Second Brigade, Third Division, will be transferred to the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

III. 1. The transportation of the Third Division will be divided among the remaining divisions of the corps under the supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster.

2. As soon as the army wagons are assigned to the several divisions, all teamsters belonging to regiments not assigned to the same command will be relieved by division commanders and ordered to report to the commanding officer of their regiments.

3. The subsistence stores, not issued to the troops, will be turned in to the chief commissary of subsistence for the corps and by him issued to the remaining divisions of the corps.

4. The acting ordnance officer of the Third Division, under directions from the acting ordnance officer of the corps, will turn over to the several division ordnance officers such ammunition and ordnance stores as he may have on hand, taking proper receipts for the same.

IV. The regiments now composing the Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, will report under this assignment to-morrow morning, April 27, moving with all the regimental teams and camp and garrison equipage.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 106. Raleigh, N. C., April 26, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. The following transfers and assignment in the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, are hereby made: From the Second Brigade to the First Brigade-Twelfth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel H. Van Sellar commanding. From the Second Brigade to the Third Brigade-Sixty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Captain D. C. Gamble commanding. The old First Brigade, Third Division, will be consolidated with what remains of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division. The following assignments are hereby made: Brigadier General William T. Clark to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division; Brigadier General C. J. Stolbrand to the Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

