
of hostilities by the customs of war. Before taking action in the case I await the decision of the major-general commanding. General Jones also again asked me to receive the prisoners of war, nearly 4,000 in number, now between Baldwin and Lake City. He states that they have been marched a considerable distance, that they are very much exhausted, and intimates that they suspect it is not intended to exchange them, and that he fears an outbreak among them which will require force to quell, and which may cost lives on both sides. He assures me it is not from any difficulty in feeding them, but to save them the fatigue of a distant march, which induces him to make the offer. He offers to parole them, leaving the subject of their exchange to be adjusted by the two Governments hereafter. I think under the circumstances it would be best to receive them, but the instructions of the major-general commanding to my predecessor do not appear to leave any discretion on my part. I request early instructions. I would request the attention of the major-general commanding to the inadequacy of water transportation at this point. I think there should be two good steamers employed, one that could always take the outside passage to the Head. The steamer Wyoming, which left Hilton Head on Saturday evening, 22nd instant, has only just arrived. Second. One that may be retained here maintaining the communication between the several posts. A proper attention to my duties will require my presence frequently at this place and Fernandina, and occasionally at Saint Augustine. I think that one steamer can transport the stores between these points, and also transfer my presence as I may deem most expedient from point to point within my command. Captain Russell recommends the steamer Saint Mary's for this purpose. Will you bring this matter to the attention of the major-general commanding, also the request that the necessary instructions may be given to carry out my ideas.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VODGES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 30, 1865.

Negroes are at all times, whether a truce exists or not, and at all places, whether within or beyond the lines, to be treated like white men, subject to such special instructions touching their education, support, and colonization as have been given by the War Department to Brevet Major-General Saxton.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., April 26, 1865.

General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Florida:

GENERAL: Herewith I send an official copy of an order, received through the headquarters Department of the South, from Major-General Sherman, announcing a suspension of arms. * In regard to the several

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 58, p. 250.

---------------

