
CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 18865- 11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am in receipt of Sherman's report of operations fromthe time he left Fayetteville uip to the 22nd insntant. * I forwarded it by mail this morning. It shows hard figting, resulting in very heavy loss to the enemy in killed and wounded and over 2,000 prisoners in our hands. His won loss, he says, will be covered by 2,500 men since he left Savannah. Many of them are but slightly wounded.

U. S . GRANT,

Lieutenatn-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretarty of War, Wahsington:

General Sherman requests that the Fouteenth and Twentieth Army Corps be constituted the Army of Georgia, Major- General Slocum commanding. As his amry now stands, General Howard commands an army, and can sign discahrges, grant furloughs, &amp;c., whilst Slomcum, with an equal command, cannot. Will you please telegrph the order, so that Sherman can take it with him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenatn-General.

WAR DEAPRTEMRNT,

Washigton City, March 27, 1865.

Lieutenatn- General GRANT:

The annexed order has been made. + General Hartranft's appointment as brevet has been made and forwarded to you by mail Cruft's caommand is enbarking.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ON BOARD STEMER RUSSIA,

Fort Monroe, Va., March 27, 1865 (Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTOPN,

Secretary of War:

Mine, Schofield's, and Terry's armies are now gruped about Goldsborough. The railroad from New Berne is done, and that from WIlmington should be finished by Wednesday, but theya re not supplied with locomotives and cars. I left on Saturday, having huled up in wagons from kinsto some clothing and enough provisions for a week. I hear General McCallum is sending cars and locomotives for a five- foot guage, intending to alter the roads to suit the new stock, It is now too late for that, and we must for the next move use the roads as now too late for that, and we must for the next move use the roads as they are. Will you ascertain at once the nubmer of cars and locomotives McCllum has sent of the guage for feet eight and a half inches, as they are the only ones we can use. I may procure some at Norfolk, and also barges which can be loaded at NewBerne and tugged up to Kinston, whence we can haul with our mule teams. I saw General Meigs for a few minutes at Morehead City. I am en route for City

---------------

*See Part II, p. 949.

+See General Orders, Numbers 49, p. 34.

---------------

