
inquiries propounded by you to me yesterday, I am at present unable to answer any except the inquiry in regard to an offer being made for the head of Captain Dickison. I am unable to ascertain that such offer has been made by any one. Colonel Tilghman informs me that the lieutenant-colonel captured by Captain Dickison, and who subsequently died within your lines, was kindly treated by Captain Dickison. . Such proceedings will not receive any sanction at these headquarters, and I cannot but believe that you have been misinformed by some ill-disposed person. I send you by flag of truce a file of New York papers, the latest, and only ones that I have read.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

General JOHNSTON,

Commanding Confederate Armies, &c., Greensborough:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose you copies of my Field Orders, Nos. 65 and 66,* which give General Schofield full and ample power to carry into effect our convention, and I hope at your personal interview with General Schofield you satisfied your mind of his ability and kind disposition toward the inhabitants of North Carolina. In addition to the points made at our interview of yesterday, I have further instructed General Schofield to facilitate what you and I and all good men desire, the return to their homes of the officers and men composing your army, to let you have of his stores ten days' rations for 25,000 men. We have abundance of prosivions at Morehead City, and if you send trains here they may go down with our trains and return to Greensborough with the rations specified. Colonel Wright did intend to send his construction train up to-day, but did not get up his carpenters in time. The train with square timber and carpenters will go up in the morning, and I think by the morning of the 29th your trains can run down on the road and fall in with ours of the 30th. I can hardly estimate how many animals fit for farm purposes will be "loaned" to the farmers, but enough, I hope, to insure a crop. I can hardly commit myself how far commerce will be free, but I think the cotton still in the country and the crude turpentine will make money with which to procure supplies. General Schofield in a few days will be able to arrange all such matters. I wish you would send the inclosed parcel for General Wilson, as it contains the orders "65" and "66", and instructions to release all his prisoners on the conditions of our convention. Now that war is over, I am as willing to risk my person and reputation as heretofore to heal the wounds made by the past war, and I think my feeling is shared by the whole army. I also think a similar feeling actuates the mass of your army, but there are some unthinking young men, who have no sense or experience, that unless controlled may embroil their neighbors. If we are forced to deal with them, it must be with severity, but I hope they will be managed by the people of the South.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*See pp. 322, 323.

---------------

