
GREENSBOROUGH, April 27, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose articles supplemental to the agreement of yesterday. In writing them I have endeavored to include nothing not so discussed by us as to make me think myself sure of your views. If you agree to these conditions I propose that they be signed by us like the original, or that you make modifications where you find them necessary.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Inclosure.]

Military convention of April 26, 1865. -Supplementary terms.

First. The Confederate troops to retain their transportation.

Second. Each brigade or separate body to retain a number of reach equal to one-fifth of its effective total, which, when the troops reach their homes, will be received by the local authorities for public purposes.

Third. Officers and men to be released from their obligation at the same time with those of the Army of Virginia.

Fourth. Artillery horses to be used for field transportation when necessary.

Fifth. The horses and other private property of officers and men to be retained by them.

Sixth. Troops from Arkansas and Texas to be transported by water from Mobile or New Orleans to their homes by the United States.

Seventh. The obligations of private soldiers to be signed by their company officers.

Eighth. Naval officers within the limits of General Johnston's command to have the benefit of the stipulations of this convention.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April, 27, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

Generals Canby and Thomas were notified some days ago that Sherman's arrangement with Johnston was disapproved by the President, and they were instructed to disregard it and push the enemy in every direction. Your own action is cordially approved. Booth was killed by Colonel Baker's men yesterday at Garrett's farm, three miles from Port Royal, on the Rappahannock, in the effort to arrest him. His body is here. Herold, his companion, was taken.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 27, 1865. -For correspondence between Halleck and Meade and Wright and Meade, in relation to operations in North Carolina and Southern Virginia, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, pp. 968,969, 984.]

21 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

