SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 191. Washington, April 27, 1865.

* * * *

26. Captain Henry D. Beam, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report to the commanding general Military Division of the Mississippi, and in person to the commanding officer of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty with that command.

27. Captain William Pittman, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report by letter to the commanding general Military Division of the Mississippi, and in person to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty with that command.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., Numbers 65. April 27, 1865.

The general commanding announces a further suspension of hostilities and a final agreement with General Johnston which terminates the war as to the armies under his command and the country east of the Chattahoochee. Copies of the terms of the convention will be furnished Major-Generals Schofield, Gillmore, and Wilson, who are specially charged with the execution of its details in the Department of North Carolina, Department of the South, and at Macon and Western Georgia. Captain Myers, Ordnance Department, U. S. Army, is hereby designated to receive the arms, &amp;c., at Greensborough, and any commanding officer of a post may receive the arms of any detachment and see that they are properly stored and accounted for. General Schofield will procure at once the necessary blanks, and supply the other army commanders, that uniformity may prevail; and great care must be taken that all the terms and stipulations on our parts be fulfilled with the most scrupulous fidelity, whilst those imposed on our hitherto enemies be received in a spirit becoming a brave and generous army. Army. commanders may at once loan to the inhabitants such of the captured mules, horses, wagons, and vehicles as can be spared from immediate use, and the commanding generals of armies may issue provisions, animals, or any public supplies that can be spared, to relieve present wants and to encourage the inhabitants to renew their peaceful pursuits and to restore the relations of friendship among our fellow-citizens and countrymen. Foraging will forthwith cease, and when necessity or long marches compel the taking of forage, provisions, or any kind of private property, compensation will be made on the spot, or, w hen the disbursting officers are not provided with funds, vouchers will be given in proper form, payable at the nearest military depot.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

