
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., Numbers 66. April 27, 1865.

Hostilities having ceased, the following changes and dispositions of troops in the field will be made with us little delay as practicable:

I. The Tenth and Twenty-third Corps will remain in the Department of North Carolina, and Major General J. M. Schofield will transfer back to Major-General Gillmore, commanding Department of the South, the two brigades formerly belonging to the division of Brevet Major-General Grover at Savannah. The Third Division, Cavalry Corps, Bvt. Major General J. Kilpatrick commanding is hereby transferred to the Department of North Carolina, and General Kilpatrick will report in person to Major-General Schofield for orders.

II. The cavalry command of Major General George Stoneman will return to East Tennessee, and that of Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson will be conducted back to the Tennessee River in the neighborhood of Decatur, Ala.

III. Major-General Howard will conduct the Army of the Tennessee to Richmond, Va., following roads substantially by Louisburg, Warrenton, Lawrenceville, and Petersburg, or to the right of that line. Major-General Slocum will conduct the Army of Georgia to Richmond by roads to the left of the one indicated for General Howard, viz, by Oxford, Boydton, and Nottoway Court-House. These armies will turn in at this point the contents of their ordnance trains, and use the wagons for extra forage and provisions. These columns will be conducted slowly and in the best of order, and will aim to be at Richmond ready to resume the march by the middle of May.

IV. The chief quartermaster and commissary of this military division, Generals Easton and Beckwith, after making the proper dispositions of their departments here, will proceed to Richmond and make suitable preparations to receive these columns and to provide for their further journey.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., Numbers 67. April 27, 1865.

I. Major General Carl Schurz, having reported at these headquarters by orders from Major-General Slocum relieving him from duty with the Army of Georgia, will report in person to Lieutenant-General Grant for orders. He will take his personal staff with him.

II. It being represented that a number of men, about 1,000 convalescents, recruits, &amp;c., debris of this army, and a number not belonging to this command, are in the Department of North Carolina without any record, Major-General Schofield, commanding Department of North Carolina, will take charge of them, turning over to the quarermaster's department such as are fit for laboring, and such as are fit for fatigue service will be sent to Alexandria, subject to the orders of the War Department. The chief quartermaster will forward all men reported to him under these instructions to Alexandria at his convenience, and without unnecessary cost to the Government for transportation.

III. Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Volunteers, having completed the distribution of recruits, convalescents, &c., belonging to this army,

