
with which he was charged, is hereby relieved from duty in this military division and will report to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 102. Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. This army will march to Richmond, Va. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will follow the direct Louisburg road, moving via Shocco Springs, leaving Warrenton slightly to the left; cross Roanoke River just east of Hub Creek, and move thence via Lawrenceville and the wagon road to Petersburg.

VII. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will take the road just east of the Gaston railroad and move via Jones' Springs, Warrenton, Macon, crossing the Roanoke River near the mouth of Six-Pound Creek, and thence due north to the Petersburg and Boydton plank road, following that road to Petersburg.

VIII. A section of the bridge train will accompany each corps and move under the direction of the corps commanders.

IX. The movement will commence on Saturday morning, the 29th instant, when each corps will be drawn out on its respective route, across the Neuse River, and there delay the march until Monday morning. Care will be taken that everything be well closed up at this point. The march will then be continued to Petersburg without further instructions.

X. General Sherman's headquarters will move with the Seventeenth Army Corps, and these headquarters with the Fifteenth Army Corps. When possible the position of each division will be reported daily.

XI. Lieutenant Amos Stickney, assisted by the corps engineer officers, will examine and mark the roads so that the two corps may cross Crabtree Creek without interference. The attention of corps commanders is called to special instructions for the march accompanying this order.

XII. The following special instructions are issued for the guidance of corps and other commanders during the march from Raleigh to Richmond, Va.:

First. All foraging will cease. Corps commanders will obtain what supplies they may need in addition to those carried with the by sending their quartermaster and commissary in advance, who are required to purchase, paying the cash or giving proper vouchers. The supplies will be carefully selected to the divisions and regularly issued.

Second. The provost guards will be selected with the greatest care and sent well ahead, so that every house may be guarded, and every possible precaution will be taken to prevent the misconduct of any straggler or marauder. Punishments for entering or pillaging houses will be severe and immediate. Besides the roll-calls morning and evening at every regular halt of each days' march, the rolls will be called and every absentee not properly accounted for will be severely punished.

Third. Before starting on the march all persons not properly mounted will be dismounted, and all surplus animals, vehicles, and all ammuni-

