
tion (artillery and infantry) now in wagons, and all prisoners of war, will be turned over to Major General J. M. Schofield or an officer designated by him to receive them.

Fourth. Refugees will be discouraged from following the columns, because of the impossibility of carrying supplies for their subsistence.

Fifth. Corps commanders will not habitually close up their divisions, but allow them to encamp two or three miles separated, and in order to prevent night marching it will be well to commence encamping as early as 3 p. m. daily.

Sixth. The left column, General Blair, will be the regulating column as to the distance for each day's march. It is desirable for the two corps to reach Petersburg simultaneously, or as nearly so as possible. This order will be published to all officers and men at every headquarters, and to all quartermaster's employes, as well as generally to the command.

XIII. Brigadier General Charles J. Stolbrand, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Fifteenth Army Corps and will report to Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM TWEEDDALE,

Commanding First Regiment Missouri Volunteers:

COLONEL: Letters have been written to each of the corps commanders to prepare for the movement north. The Fiftenth Army Corps will move to Richmond via Louisburg, Warrenton, Lawrenceville, and Petersburg. The Seventeenth Army Corps will move via Forestville, Jones' Springs, Warrenton, and Lawrenceville. All ammunition save that carried in boxes will be turned in to an officer to be designated by Major-General Schofield. All foraging will be stopped, and all persons improperly mounted will be dismounted, and all suprlus horses and picked-up vehicles will be turned in. Every possible precaution will be taken to prevent the misconduct of stragglers and marauders, and all outrages will be immediately and summarily punished. A section of your bridge train will accompany each corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am expecting an order from the commander-in-chief to march from this place to Richmond. You will probably pass through

