
Louisburg, Warrenton, Lawrenceville, and Petersburg. You will turn in all ammunition, both artillery and infantry, now in the wagons, and have on the men only what they carry in their cartridge-boxes. All foraging will be stopped. What is drawn from the country will be purchased, and carefully issued from the wagons. All persons improperly mounted will be deprived of their horses, and all prisoners of war, surplus animals, picked-up vehicles, and the ammunition will be turned over to Major-General Schofield or an officer designated by him to receive them. The greatest desire is felt on the part of our general-in-chief, as well as of every officer having the honor of the army at heart, to make this march a model one for propriety of conduct, showing to our people that when there is no war we can obey the laws and respect private rights with jealous care. This army is very proud of its record. Let, then, every officer and man do his best to keep it unsullied. Guards will be sent in advance of the column and placed at every house, and every possible precaution taken to prevent the misconduct of any straggler or marauder. Punishment for entering or pillaging houses will be severe and immediate.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 107. Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

* * * * *

XI. To enable him to report for assignment to a command in the Seventeenth Army Corps, in compliance with paragraph 13, Special Field Orders, Numbers 102, current series, headquarters Army of the Tennessee, Brigadier-General Stolbrand is hereby relieved from duty in the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR:

GENERAL: I am expecting an order from the commander-in-chief to march from this place to Richmond. You will probably move via Forestville, Jones' Springs, Warrenton, and Lawrenceville. You will turn in all ammunition, both artillery and infantry, now in the wagons, and have on the men only what they carry in their cartridge-boxes. All foraging will be stopped. What is drawn from the country will be purchased, and carefully issued from the wagons. All pesons improperly mounted will be deprived of their horses, and all surplus animals, prisoners of war, picked-up vehicles, and the ammunition will be turned over to Major-General Schofield or an officer designated by him to receive them. The greatest desire is felt on the part of our general-in-chief, as well as of every officer having the honor of the army at heart, to make this march a model one for propriety of conduct, showing to the people that when there is no war we can obey the laws and respect private rights with jealous care. This army is very proud of

