
its record. Let, then, every officer and man do his best to keep it unsullied. Guards will be sent in advance of the column and placed at every house, and every possible precaution taken to prevent the misconduct of any straggler or marauder. Punishments for entering or pillaging houses will be severe and immediate. General Sherman's headquarters train will be confided to your care.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -Commissary of subsistence will prepare twelve or fifteen days' rations, and quartermasters as much forage as they can carry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 57. Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

I. Major General Carl. Schurz, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters and will report to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

* * * * *

III. Corps commanders will move their commands to the immediate vicinity of Raleigh and turn in to the ordnance officer at this point their infantry ammunition, except twenty-five rounds per man, and their artillery ammunition, except one chest to each gun. The ordnance wagons, together with other wagons that can be obtained, will be loaded with subsistence stores and forage. At least fifteen days' subsistence stores should be taken in the wagons, and if possible, from ten to fifteen days' forage. As soon as this has been accomplished the Twentieth Corps will commence its march for Richmond, crossing the Neuse River at Manteo's Mills, and following the road west of and nearest to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad, passing through Lemay's Post-Office, Williamsborough Post-Office, and crossing the Dan River near Haskinton. The Fourteenth Corps will move on roads to the left of that taken by the Twentieth Corps, passing through Kelvin Grove, Wilton, and Oxford, to Boydton, at which point further instructions will be given as to the line of march. The pontoon train will be divided, one-half to accompany each corps. The march should be conducted in such a manner as to fatigue the troops as little as possible, the divisions being allowed when practicable to camp from three to five miles apart. It is expected that the troops will march about fifteen miles per day. No necessity will exist on this march for foraging, as the supplies taken in the wagons will be sufficient for us until we reach Richmond. No soldier will be allowed, on any pretense whatever, to enter a dwelling-house. Any one found guilty of committing robbery or any outrage upon citizens must be severely and summarily punished. Hostilities having ceased, every effort should be made to prevent lawless and dishonest men from bringing disgrace upon us, as we are about to return to our homes. No good soldier will refrain from adiding in the detection of all marauders and thieves. If forage or fresh beef is purchased on the march payment should be made at time of purchase.

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

