HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,April 27, 1865.

Major-General SCHURZ,

Chief of Staff, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, for the information and action of the general commanding, that my command was, in accordance with his instructions a few days ago received, placed on half rations. This, where some additional provisions can be obtained in the country, is quite sufficient, but here little can be gotten from the people. In fact, I have been compelled to issue some few stores to the inhabitants near our lines to keep them from suffering. My commissaries report that, in their opinion, they could issue a fourth ration more if permitted, but fearing they were not sufficiently posted in regard to transportation for supplies and future movements of the troops, I have thought it best to ask for information as to the length of time the restriction will be required and whether or not three-quarter rations cannot now be issued.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date, I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that full rations may now be issued to the troops of your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command to-morrow morning, bringing it back to within about ten miles of this place, and be prepared to continue the march on the next day. The pontoon train, Colonel Moore commanding, will accompany your corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Jones' Cross-Roads, N. C., April 27, 1865.

This command will move to-morrow toward Raleigh in the following order: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. General Geary will start at daylight, 6 a. m., the other divisions in time to close up with the rear of the preceding division. Artillery will march in rear of the troops of the leading division.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

