
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,May 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War.

This is the letter of Major-General Sherman, referred to in my note of the 19th instant, asking permission to withdraw the one addressed by him to General Rawlins, chief of staff, and forwarded by mistake to the War Department. This has not before been transmitted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1865.

Received May 27, 1 p. m. Referred to the Adjutant-General for publication.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Greensborough, April 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

I have the honor to inform you that yesterday I was informed that the cavalry at Hillsborough were moving westward. I immediately communicated, through the commanding officer at Salisbury, an order to the officer commanding a division of cavalry on the Yadkin to intercept the cavalry moving from Hillsborough and all stragglers. In answer to this order I received reply that this division of cavalry was also moving westward. I regret the movement of these troops, fearing it may embarrass me in settling matters in Geogia and South Carolina. I succeeded in stopping one brigade and a portion of another, that were moving from Hillsborough, but have no means to stop cavalry that were yesterday beyond Salisbury.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Greensborough, April 28, 1865

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: Your dispatches to Major-General Stoneman and Wilson, received to-day, have been forwarded. I have also had the honor to receive your letter of yesterday and your Order 65. The enlarged patriotism manifested in these papers reconciles me to what I had previously regarded as the misfortune of my life-that of having had you to encounter in the field. The enlightened and humane policy you have adopted will certainly be successful. It is fortunate for the people of North Carolina that your views are to be carried out by one so capable of appreciating them. I hope that you are as well represented in the other departments of your command; if so, an early and complete pacification in it may be expected. I very gladly accept your generous offer of food for the troops here, and have directed the trains, which are to bring it up, to go down loaded with Government cotoon, which is here. One of the cavalry brigades reported to have moved

