
westward from the Yadkin has returned. Some 3,000 cavalry was collected near Charlotte and on the Catawba, including two brigades from East Tennessee. The commanding officer expressed his readiness to obey the terms of the convention, but has since left Charlotte, and I have not yet learned where his troops are. I hope and believe that there will be occasion for severities to none but members of bands of robbers now existing in many parts of the country. It is said that most of the North Carolinians have returned to their homes from anxiety to begin their former work, and believe that they require no guaranty for personal safety. The disposition you express to heal the wounds made by the past war has been evident to me in all our interviews. You are right in supposing that similar feelings are entertained by the mass of the army. I am sure that all the leading men in it will exert their influence for that object. My copy of the convention has been unaccountably lost. I therefore beg of you the kindness to give me another.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RALEIGH, April 28, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Wilmington:

I will leave here by regular train to-night and come to Wilmington to-morrow. I will bring with me only three or four officers and as many orderlies. I want to go direct to Charleston in a gun-boat or quartermaster's boat, according to convenience and economy. I want no ceremony or salutes arranged for my arrival.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., April 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: The steamer Russia is ready to take you to Charleston. If you will please notify me at what hour you will be at Wilmington I will meet you at depot with horses to take you to boat.

G. S. DODGE,

Chief Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 193. Washington, April 28, 1865.

* * * * *

65. Brigadier General J. A. Cooper, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty it the Department of North Carolina, and will report for duty to Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

22 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

