
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., Numbers 68. April 28, 1865.

I. The general headquarters of this military division will be removed from New Berne and established at Alexandria, Va. All current business will be addressed accordingly.

Brigadier General J. D. Webster, U. S. Volunteers, is charged with the duty of transferring the headquarters accordingly.

II. The following officers on duty at field headquarters will proceed to join general headquarters via New Berne, aiming to reach there on or before June 1, 1865. Bvt. Major General William F. Barry and staff; Captain John E. Marshall, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Abe Verplanck, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Colonel O. M. Poe, chief engineer; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel T. G. Baylor; chief of ordnance; Major H. Hitchcock, assistant ajdutant-general; Bvt. Major George W. Nichols, additional aide-de-camp; Captain Samuel Bachtell, signal officer; Surg. John Moore, medical director.

* * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 103. Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

* * * * *

VIII. Special Field Orders, Numbers 102, paragraphs VI and VII, is so far modified as to direct, first, that the Fifteenth Army Corps shall move via Louisburg, Shady Grove, Warrenton, and (crossing the Roanoke River near the mouth of Six-Pound Creek), Lawrenceville and the wagon road east of the Boydton plank road to Petersburg. Second, that the Seventeenth Army Corps shall move via Jones' Springs, leaving Warrenton to the right, pass through Ridgeway, and cross the Roanoke River at Saint Tammany.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 76. Near Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

* * * * *

V. During the march from Raleigh, N. C., to Washington, D. C., via Richmond, full rations of hard bread or flour, meat, coffee, and salt, and half rations of sugar will be issued to the troops. No foraging will be allowed excepting by permission from these headquarters and everything taken must be paid for. The division quartermaster will see to the collection of forage for all the authorized animals in the division, giving vouchers (written with ink) to all from whom corn or fodder is taken. The division commissary will see to the collecting of bacon and beef for the command, giving vouchers for all taken, and being careful to

