HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief requests an interview with you this evening at these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Howard, Schofield, Logan, and Blair.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 36. Holly Springs, N. C., April 28, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows: General Walcutt will march from his camp of to-night at daylight to the point at which the corps diverged from the railroad when moving out from Raleigh, cross the railroad, and go into camp north of the railroad upon the main road leading to Flemington. General Baird will move at daylight, and following General Walcutt, will encamp on the south side of the railroad. General Morgan will march from Holly Springs at daylight and will encamp on the south side of the railroad, near General Baird. Corps headquarters will move to-day from Holly Springs to a point near the railroad between Raleigh and the corps camp.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 10. Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

It has been announced by the major-general commanding this army that hostilities have entirely ceased, and that this army is to march at once via Richmond to Washington to be mustered out of service and return to their homes. We have a long march before us and through what has been heretofore the enemy's country, but recent events having put an end to the war the march will be conducted the same as in any loyal State. There will be no foraging upon the country. Private property will be respected and soldiers will not be allowed to enter dwelling-houses. Every effort will be made on the part of all officers to prevent straggling and pillaging. Division commanders will institute in their commanding a system of roll-call upon the march, and all men improperly absent will be summarily punished. A pack train of twelve animals only will be allowed to the field and line officers of each regiment. All other animals now in the possession of officers or men of this command, except the private horses of officers entitled to keep them and a sufficient number of horses to mount the authorized number of orderlies at division and brigade headquarters, will at once be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the corps. The inspectors of the different commands will, immediately upon the publication of this order, make the necessary inspections to see that this order is promptly and fully complied with. Any officer neglecting to do so will be reported to these

