
headquarters. After starting from here the march will be continued from day to day until our destination is reached or until orders are given from these or superior headquarters to halt. The divisions will habitually march and encamp from three to five miles apart, and a sufficient interval may be made while on the march between the brigades and regiments to render the march as easy as possible, but both the troops and trains of each division will be closed up and encamped together each night. The trains of each division will march with it and each division commander will make his own disposition of his troops to cover and assist his trains. The pontoon trains will march habitually in advance of the trains of the leading division. The artillery will march with the leading division, preceding all the trains. The commanding officer of the leading division will establish all necessary guards over buildings and property along the route of march. These guards will be relieved by the succeeding divisions as they pass.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Greensborough, April 28, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, U. S. Army:

(Care Brigadier General R. H. Anderson, Hillsborough.)

We are now ready for the printed forms of obligation. Please send them.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

MARCHING ORDERS.] HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, N. C., April 28, 1865.

The division will move on the main Smithfield road toward Goldsborough to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, and in the following order: Third Brigade, Second Brigade, two regiments of First Brigade, ambulances, two companies from First Brigade, wagon train, eight companies from First Brigade. The head of the column of the Third Brigade will be on the road promptly at 7 o'clock. On the march brigade commanders will be held responsible that teir time agrees with division time. The commanding officer of the leading brigade will see that a guard is left at every house, with instructions to remain until the wagon train has passed, and allow no one to interfere in the slightest degree with the persons or proprty of the residents. The march will be conducted as if in a friendly country. No animal food, forage, or other article will be taken from the country without permission from division headquarters. No fire-arms will be discharged and no straggling from the column allowed. It is made the duty of every officer to arrest everyone found straggling or firing, whether he belongs to his own command or not. The two companies in rear of the ambulances will form the rear guard of the division, and will be under the command of a selected field officer, who shall report at division headquarters for instructions. Brigade commanders will also detail rear guards for their respective commands. Two days' rations will be drawn and issued to the troops to-day.

By command of Brigadier General C. J. Paine:

SOLON A. CARTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

