
WILMINGTON, April 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL:

Mr. Buxton, of Fayetteville, has waited several days to see me and begs earnestly that a small supply at least of provisions, say, 10,000, or 15,000 rations, be sent to that place, as a portion of the people are actually suffering. The whole region has been foraged. He also asks that some of the authorities be permitted to bring down a stock of cotton, turpentine, and tobacco, which is private property to pledge as security for more provisions. There is undoubtedly suffering which the authorities don't know how to relieve, and to grant these requests would have a good effect on a wide region.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, N. C., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. HAWLEY,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Your dispatch of this date is received. The commanding general directs that you grant the request of Mr. Buxton and the citizens of Fayetteville to have 10,000 or 15,000 rations furnished them, and permit them to bring in their cotton, turpentine, and tobacco as pledge for provisions.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 28, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Your dispatch of the 25th to Admiral Dahlgren and myself is just received and will be attended to. I will dispatch a steamer in the direction you indicate at once.

Your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General ISRAEL VODGES,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant, with its two inclosures. You are authorized to receive from the rebel general Sam. Jones the Union officers and soldiers who are in our hands as prisoners of war. You will receive them as paroled prisoners, subject to be hereafter exchanged upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the National Government and the rebel authorities. Major Thompson, the provost-marshal-general of the department, has been ordered to proceed to Jacksonville, Fla., and receipt for the paroled prisoners. The chief quartermaster will send down camp and garrison equipage and clothing for about 3,000 men. If you do not receive tents enough, use the lumber now in your hands to construct cabins for them. You will

