
feed them from the rations which you now have. The chief commissary has been directed to forward rations as soon as possible. The paroled prisoners will be temporarily encamped on the Saint John's River opposite Jacksonville unless you can select a better place. General Gillmore has been officially informed by General Sherman that the armistice is at an end. Give notice to the rebel forces at your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALDWIN, FLA., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VODGES, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that by order of Major-General Jones, commanding District of Florida, I have brought to this place about 3,400 prisoners of war. In the absence of the officer especially charged with the custody of these men I cannot state the exact number. All are on parole of exchange. Among them are about 300 who cannot make the march to Jacksonville. I find the transportation here is very limited, and I respectfully suggest that you furnish wagons enough to carry these disabled men to your lines.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN NEWTON, U. S. Volunteers,

Key West, Fla.:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch* from General W. T. Sherman, suggesting the route which Jeff. Davis may endeavor to take in his flight from the country, was received here to-day. I have to request that you will take charge of its delivery to the naval officer whose duty it is to watch the Gulf coast of Florida. If you cannot do this the bearer, Lieutenant James, of my staff, will have to go with it himself. The steamer which he has with him is very much needed here, and I trust you will have it in your power to relieve him of his charge so that he can return at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 28, 1865.

Major-General DIX, New York:

A dispatch from General Grant, dated at Raleigh, 10 p. m. April 26, just received by this Department, states that-

Johnston surrendered the forces in his command, embracing all from here to the Chattahoochee, to General Sherman, on the basis agreed upon between Lee and myself for the Army of Northern Virginia.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See April 25, p. 310.

---------------

