
reverse of the fact and truth, as an inspection of the map will show. Davis was supposed to be cached, somewhere about Greensborough, and Stoneman was at Statesville, to the west of Greensborough, and I could not communicate with him because Johnston had more cavalry than I. By getting him to me at Chapel hill I would have had superior cavalry, and on the renewal of hostilities I could have broken up Hampton, Butler, and Wheeler, and pursued Davis. But even Grant would not say that we had any interest to hunt up Davis. Look at the hunt after Booth, with $100,000 reward, at your very capital, and in a friendly country. What would be the chances after Davis with all the Carolinas and Georgia to hide in? I will be with Gillmore for four or five days. He will be re-enforced by two brigades from here, and can occupy Augusta and Orangeburg. I can then return to Morehead City, whence I can learn how Schofield progresses at Greensborough, when I will go to Petersburg to meet my marching columns, which ought to reach Richmond about May 12 or 14; thence I will report for orders. If the Northern papers take up, as they will, the lead Stanton has given, I will be obliged if you will send a copy of my letter to General Grant and this to John Sherman, who will vindicate me. I cannot neglect current business and events. If, however, General Grant thinks I have been outwitted by Joe Johnston, or that I have made undue concession to the rebels to save them from anarchy and us the needless expense of military occupation, I will take care not to embarrass him.

Believe me, truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. ARMY,May 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War for his information.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Received May 17 and referred back to General Grant with permission to General Sherman to publish if he chooses to do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 29, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The governor of Georgia wishes to convene the State legislature, and asks if its session will be permitted.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

Send this dispatch to headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, at New Berne, N. C.

E. C. HOWARD,

Lieutenant.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Roger's Cross-Roads, N. C., April 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that I left my camps near Raleigh this morning at 7 o'clock, moving out on the direct Louisburg road,

