
will be accompanied by its own trains until further orders. Corps headquarters will be to-morrow night in the vicinity of General Walcutt's command.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Page 's Station, N. C., April 29, 1865.

The command will march at 5. 30 o'clock to-morrow morning in the following order: First, the forage train; second, the First Brigade with its trains; third, the battery; fourth, the Second Brigade with its trains; fifth, the Third Brigade with its trains.

By order of Brevet Major-General Baird:

JOHN W. ACHESON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Raleigh, N. C., April 29, 1865.

This corps will commence the march to-morrow morning. The order of march will be, until further orders, as follows, viz: First division, Second division, Third Division, with the artillery and pontoon trains in the same positions as directed in the orders heretofore issued. The head of the column will start at 5 a. m. If possible the corps will cross the Neuse River. Such wagons of the supply trains as cannot be loaded to-day will be left here to be loaded and join the rear of the corps train. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary of the corps will detail such officers of their respective departments as may be necessary to remain with the wagons thus left. In the march of to-morrow there will be but short intervals between the divisions, as it is desirable that as much of the command as possible should cross the river.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Raleigh, N. C., April 29, 1865.

This division will be in readiness to march to-morrow morning at 7 a. m. in the following order: Third Brigade, First Brigade, Second Brigade, headquarters trains, hospital, general train. The ambulances of each brigade will be marched until further orders, following the troops of their respective brigades. Brevet Brigadier-General Dustin will take charge of the train, exclusive of headquarters trains, to guard and bring it up. It is directed that to-morrow the brigades keep closed up on each other, as it is desired to cross the river that day. Reveille will be sounded at these headquarters at 5 a. m.

By command of Bvt. Major General W. T. Ward:

ROBT. E. BEECHER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

