SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERASL'S OFFICE, Numbers 147. Washington, march 27, 1865.

* * * * * *

94. Prof. D. H. Mahan will acompany Bvt. Major G en. Robert Anderson to Charleston Harbvoer to represent the Military Academy in the cermonies of replacing the flag upon Fort Sumter on the 14th of Aril next, as directed byt eh President in Genela Orders, Numbers 50, of this date.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 40. In the Field, N. C., March 27, 1865.

I. Captain S. H. Sturdevant, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby relieved fromduty in the Deaprtment of the South, and will report to Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding Left Wing, for orders.

* * * * * *

By orde of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers - In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

Colonel A. H. Markland has full authority for the distribvution of mail matter for this army, and to the end that sas great facility as possible may be given thereto, he will for the present recive mail at new Berne and there distribute it in packages for regiments, brigades, divisions, and coprs, and fromthere forward it to Goldsborough by messengers of the military amil deaprtment, at which point he will deliver it only to such persons as corps commanders may desigante, viz, one powstmaster for each corps. It will be the duty of such postmaster to distribute his corps mail in conformity to instructions from the corps caommander. Brigade, division, m or corps postmasters or messengers will not be allowed trasportation or permitted to pass to and fromnew Berne, but army commandes under existing orders may dispatch couriers to their general gheadquarters at New Berne or Wilmington, and will recive their headquarters mail at those points or at Goldsboorugh at their discretion. Mail matter to be diaptched from this may gouped about Goldsborough, Faison's, and Mount Olive will be delivered to Colonel Markland or the agent at Goldsborough. Mail matte for citizen employes must be directed in care of some office, otherwise it will not be delivered.

By order of Major General W. T. Shelman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant0-Geneal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY COPRS, Numbers 11. Goldsgorough, N. C ., March 27, 1865.

In accordane with partgaph III, General Orders, Numbers 59, series of 1863, headquarters Deaprtment and Army of the Tennessee, the following

