
SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA. FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 45. Raleigh, N. C., April 29, 1865.

III. General Cos will detail a regiment about 300 strong to go to Greensborough as guard to the public property to be turned over by General Johnston's army. The regiment will be at the rail depot at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The commanding officer will be Brever Brigadier-General Hartsuff.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., April 29, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following statement in relation to the north end of Hilton Head Island, S. C., bordering uopn Port Royal Harbor. This, in common with some other portions of the island, has been reserved by the United States Government for military purposes during the war. The fact that it is the headquarters of the department, and its occupation by troops, has drawn thither a large number of sutlers, army followers, and others, until quite a city has grown up. Most of buildings erected thus far are owned and occupied by the parties above mentioned and have been put up only on condition of their removal at any time when in the judgment of the military authorities, the interests of the public service demand it. But the impression is gaining ground that after the war this property will no longer be needed for public purposes and that a city will be located here. In my opinion this portion of the island will be required hereafter for permanent fortifications. Therefore, that this may be understood, I desire the authority of the War Department to announce officially that all the lands now reserved at this post for military puroses will be permanently occupied by the Government. Such announcement will remove all grounds for damages in case at any time it should become necessary to require the removal of the buildings. I have the honor to request that this matter may receive your early attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 51. Hilton Head, S. C., April 29, 1865.

The following order from the War Department is hereby published for the information of this command. Its receipt and execution will be reported to these headquarters:

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 9, 1865-10 p. m.

Ordered, That a salute of 200 guns be fired at the headquarters of every army and department, and at every post and arsenal in the United States, and at the Military

