
MACON, GA., April 30, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Charleston or Savannah:

The telegram announcing the convention between yourself and General Johnston is just received. I shall send Brevet Major-General Upton to Atlanta and Augusta to-morrow, and General McCook to Tallahassee, for the purpose of carrying out your instructions. An officer will start immediately to General Canby to apprise him of what has transpired. He will carry copies of your dispatches.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

DURHMA'S STANTON, April 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of North Carolina:

Citizens report that infantry detachments from Johnston's army, numbering from twenty and upward in squads, are marching through the country, north and west, in the direction of Roxborough, thirty miles distant from this point. These people are eventually going to their homes, but are committing all sorts of depredations on the way. Yesterday the citizens and soldiers held a meeting at Roxborough, and the soldiers took from the citizens a number of horses and mules belonging to a Confederate wagon train. Had I not better send a force of cavalry to that point, for a few days at least?

J. KILPATRICK.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Raleigh, N. C., April 30, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,Durham's:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general directs that you may send a small cavalry force to the north as far as the State line, but not far to the west.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Raleigh, April 30, 1865.

Major General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Greensborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your lettr of the 28th to Major-General Sherman and will forward it to him by the first mail. I apprehend that the failure of so large a portion of your troops, especially cavalry, to complty with the terms of the convention will give us no little trouble, and keep the country in a disturbed condition for a long time. But we must deal with them as best we can. I would like to see you on this and other matters, and will run up to Greensborough in a few days if my official duties here will permit. If not may I aks you to visit me here. Your first train has arrived and will go on to New Berne to-night. There may be some delay on account of the large amount of stores

