
will be ready on Wedensday next to deliver the control of the railroad and vessels to your chief quartermaster. I think he should come here as soon as he can and familiarize himsel with condition of things.

L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster.

RALEIGH, April 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General EASTON,

Chief Quartermaste, Morehead City:

General Brige, commanding at Goldsborough, has been directed to inform you when his two brigades will probably be ready to take steamers for the south.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, April 30, 1865-1. 15 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Major-General Sherman informed me that Easton would leave the department soon and not return. Where do you desire me to establish my office, and what point do you wish for base? We have a large amount of forage here and quite a large amount of supplies at New Berne. If you desire I will arrange to make my headquarters with you at Raleigh. We have about 1,500 men here for Tenth and Twenty-third Corps. Had I not better order a train sent to Wilmington and take them to their respective regiments? General Sherman went to sea last evening. We have good accommodations at Wilmington for storing ordnance and other stores received from Johnston's army, if you desire to send them.

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 30, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

QUARTERMASTER IN CHARGE MOREHEAD CITY AND WILMINGTON:

The major-general commanding directs that you forward to Major-General Sherman by the first vessel that leaves for Charleston, to be forwarded in like manner to Savannah, if General Sherman shall have left Charleston on its arrival, the following dispatch, to wit: *

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., April 30, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

There is no boat leaving here for Charleston. Shall I send a special boat with the dispatch to General Sherman?

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Major-General and Chief Quartermaster.

---------------

*See Schofield to Sherman, April 29, p. 349.

---------------

