
Sherman's convention with General Johnston, approved by Lieuteannt-General Grant; * also copies of General Orders, No. 52,+ of this date, from these headquarters, republishing General Sherman's order for carrying the convention into effect. General Sherman, who is here, has promised to send back to you the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers and the part of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers which left you in March lasat for North Carolina.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff, Department of the South.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., April 30, 1865.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER,

Commanding Expeditionary Force:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed to Orangeburg, S. C., with the forces hitherto under you command, excepting the garrison left at Georgetown. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, heretofore ordered to the Santee railroadbridge, will accompany you. You will move as soon as you have collected 1,000 men of your command; the balance will follow as rapidly as possible. You will rebuild the bridge over the Edisto at Orangeburg, making requisition for all necessary material. You will guard your communications with Charleston as far back as Summerville. General Hatch will protect the road to that point. I inclose an official copy of General Sherman's convention with General Johnston, approved by Lieutenant-General Grant; * also copies of General Orders, No. 52,++ of this date, from these headquarters, republishing General Sherman's order for carrying the convention into effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of staff.

HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., April 30, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General, M. S. LITTLEFIELD,

Commanding District of Hilton Head:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding I inclose for your information a copy of a telegram sent to Brevet Major-General Grover, commanding District of Savannah, directing him to send to this place the Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, excepting 100 men to be left at Daufuskie Island. The quartermaster's department has been ordered to furnish the necessary transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirdy-fifty U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*See P. 313.

+See next, ante.

++See foot-notes to next, ante.

---------------

