
encamped last night, so that instead of five or six miles that division had marched at least fifteen miles at the time of the writting of your dispatch. General Ward encamped on the south side of the Neuse last night, the point to which I was ordered to go. I intended that he should cross, but the bridge broke down, and in consequence I ordered him into camp on the other side of the river. He was in rear yesterday and is in rear to-day, and I will see that he is in rear to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Mr. Hargrave's House, Near Tar River, N. C., May 1, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow in the same orders as in the march to-day, viz, Second Division, First Division, Third Division, the artillery and pontoon train having the positions in the column heretofore assigned them. The pontoon bridge over Tar River will remain until, the rear of the column has passed, when it will be taken up and come forward with the Third Division, rejoining the balance of the pontoon train as soon as possible. General Geary will start at 5 a. m., the First Division following. General Ward will cross his command over the pontoon bridge as early as possible in the morning, so that it can be taken up. The divisions hereafter will not alternate until further orderes. The march will be continued from day to day in the same order as in the march of to-day, each division starting at daylight and encamping from there three to five miles in the rear of the preceding division.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, May 1, 1865-11. 20 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee is on his way to Raleigh to see you on business of this army.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 1, 1865.

General KILPATRICK, Durham's Station, N. C.:

General Hardee is on his way to this place from Greensborough. Please inform me when he passes your camp.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HILLSBOROUGH, May 1, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

My command is at this point forty-four miles in front of the army at Greensborough. General Johnston has authorized me to be paroled from this point. As all your staff officers sent up yesterday went directly up Greensborough, will you not direct Major-General Kilpatrick

