
felling trees over it, in others), keeping back important messages and retarding the public business materially. The commanding genral directs me to call your attention to the fact and to say that he desires you will place small parties in camp at intervlas along the line, but some distacne out of sight (in camp), with detectives and patrols thrwon out, who shall be instructed to use every effort to discover and arrest the guilty parties, and bring then to punishment. YOu will please attend to the line within a reasonable distance for your camp both wasys, toward here and toward Kinston, and the commander there, as well as at New Berne, will be directed to look after the line between Kinston and New Berne. It is a matter of great importance, and the utmost vigilance is enjoined. The commanding general directs that any one detected in destoyuing or interfring with the line and attempting to escape must be shot on the spot.

I am, general, very resepctfully, your obeient servant,

J. A. CAM PBELL,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, March 27, 1865- 10. 50 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Moseley Hall:

It is reported that a division of the enemy's cavalry, with four pieces of artilley, is moving on the north side of the river toward Kinston, with the intention of cutting our communications. The commanding genral desieres you to keep a close watch adn report anything you may hear concerning it.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST AND SECOND DIVISONS,TWENTY- THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Moseley Hall, N. C., March 27, 1865.

[Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL:]

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to send a package of letters captured by CaptainHorn, Twenlfth new York Cavalry, on the Snow Hill and Greenville road north of Contentnea Creek or Moccasin River. Captainhorn captured five rebels, who will be sent to Colonel Hayes, one of them the soldier who was carrying this mail. He learned from them that Hampton's cavalry had seven picket- posts on the plank road leading down from Wilson toward Snow Hill, and further, that the cotorious scut, O'Conner, with seven men, had lately laid in wait for and captured thirty stragglers forom Goldsborough. These stragglers have been crossing Moccasin River by its two bridges at hookerton and Snow Hill in gangs of two and theree, and have exposed themselvest o certain cpture. Captainhorn also bourght in thirteen Federal stragglers whom he found iwthin seven miles of Greenville, plundering housess, tearing the rings from women's fingers, and in dangerous proximity to the rebel scouts, and I sent them under guard, with their horses, to Colonel Hayes. Orders have been given to the cavalry companies

