
public buildings and abandoned or confiscable private ones to answer all the needs of the service. The use of buildings owned by loyal persons subjects the Government to claims for rent, and thus becomes an unjustifiable source of expense. Each post and district commander will forthwith report to these headquarteres all buildings used by himself or the officers of his command, with full statements of the location and size of such buildings, the number of rooms in each, and the name of owner or owners, with such information as he can obtain as to their residence and loyalty or disloyalty.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,

Captain Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to modify the instructions sent you by the chief of staff this morning as follows: The column to go to Orangeburg will be placed under the command of Bvt. Brigadier General A. S. Hartwell. It should be about 1,800 to 2,000 strong, the infantry to be selected by yourself. General Hartwell and his command at Orangeburg will be a part of the Norther District.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Savannah, Ga., May 1, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to inform you that all existing orders directing officeres and enlisted men belonging to the two brigades of your old division, which were sent from Savannah to North Carolina in March last, to rejoin their respective commands, are hereby revoked. These brigades have been ordered by Major-General Sherman to return to this department. But all existing orders directing officers and enlisted men now on duty in your district, who belong to their regiments serving without the department, to rejoin their commands, remain in effect and will be promptly enforced.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Jacksonville, Fla., May 1, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Florida:

GENEARL: I have the honor to inform you that I have been authorized by the major-general commanding the department to receive the

