
officers and soliders held as prisoneres of war referred to in your communications of the 22nd instant. They will be received as paroled prisoners subject to be hereafter exchanged upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the United States Government and the Confederate authorities. Major Thompson, provost-marshal of the department, has been ordered to receipt for the prisoners; he will meet any officer you may designate for the purpose of exchanging receipts at the White House, ten miles from Jacksonville, at 10 a. m. on Wednesday, 3rd instant. Should this hour not suit your convenience, please suggest some other as soon thereafter as practicable. I am directed to inform you that official notice has been given on the end of the armistice agreed upon between Generals Sherman and Johnston. Hostilities will accordingly recommence in twenty-four hours after this notice has been given at your outpost. These hostilities, if you accede, will not interfere with the transfer or receipts in respect to the prisoners between Major Thompson and the officer you may designate, the place of meeting to be exempt from hostilities while they are there, and they not to be molested while going to and returning from the White House. The officers and enlisted men named on the inclosed list paroled prisoners of war from the Army of Northern Virginia will be sent out on the cars to-day.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In Savannah River, May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Captain Hosea is here with dispatches for you and me from General Wilson at Macon. I have sent to him copies of the terms of surrender made by General Johnston with copies of my orders, 65 and 66, which devolved on him the paroling the prisoners there. I have also sent him orders to destroy the guns, muskets, and munitions that he cannot carry away and to move his command back to the neighborhood of Decatur, Ala., to report to me or General Thomas. Yesterday I sent up to Augusta the captured river boat Jeff. Davis, loaded with sugar, coffee, bread, and clothing, for General Wilson, which can go out to him by cars. By her I sent a small detachment of forty men, all she can carry, to open communication with him and to occupy the arsenal until received by a brigade which General Gillmore will send up under command of General Molineux. Another breat, the Amazon, loaded at Hilton Head, will follow to-day to Augusta, so that Wilson should have in less than a week supplies to enable him to make his return march in all May. In Savannah the most admirable order is preserved, and I saw many people from the interior who were overjoyed at the fact that the war is over, and all accept the acknowledged fact that slavery is forever dead. But, as was to be expected, an undefined fear exists because no one can give any clew to the from which their civil affairs may take. I have cautioned General Gillmore on this matter, so that Administration can proceed in their own way to substitute some from of civil government. I will go into Charleston to-morrow, and thence return to Morehead City to confer with General Schofield by telegraph, and, when assured that all things are proceeding well in

