
have and send word to these headquarters at once, when that portion of the pontoon train now with the Twentieth Corps will be sent to you. The general's headquarters are at the church at the cross-roads leading to and three miles and a half mile Oxford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Taylor's Ferry, Roanoke River, May 2, 1865.

[Major ROBERT P. DECHERT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: The river at this point is at least 750 feet wide, perhaps more. Its average depth is about ten feet. Approahces good, current sluggish. With the boats now here, trestling the remainder, Colonel Moore thinks he can construct a bridge within two days - possibly by Thursday morning. Haskin's Ferry is now (and has been for some time) abandoned, it is said, on account of the road which leads to it, which is a bad one now altogether disused. The road from Williamsburgh here is a very fine one. There is no narrowever place in the river to be found. If the pontoons with the Twentieth Corps can be pushed on here to-morrow and united with mine, I think it will be the most rapid methoed of crossing both corps. I thing mine can be crossed by Thursday morning. Colonel Moore can complete the bridge in less than two hours after the other boats arrive. He is now laying those now here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Please answer by the bearer.

J. C. D.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIEHT CORPS,

Mrs. Harris'House, near Williamsburg, N. C., May 2, 1865.

The corps will march to-morrow toward Haskin's Ferry over the Dan [Roanoke] River in the following order, viz: Second Division, First Division, Third Division, the artillery and pontoon trains taking their position in the column, as heretofore ordered. General Geary will start his command at 5 a. m. If possible the corps will concentrate to-morrow night at Haskin's Ferry. The distance from this point is about seveteen miles. Division commanders will conduct their march accordingly.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Williamsburg, N. C., May 2, 1865.

General GEARY:

The oreder of march for to-morrow is hereby altered so as to allow the pontoon train to precede the artillery. General Geary will start at 4. 30 instead of 5 o'clock.

By command of Major-General Mower:

C. MOYER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

