HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON, Wilmington, N. C., May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to report that under the permission, or instructions, received from the major-general commanding, by telegraph, I caused the stern-wheel steamer A. P. Hurt to take on board, April 29,24 barrels corn meal, 46 barrels salt breef, 18 tierces bacon, 21 barrels flour, and 150 boxes hard bread, for the suffering people of Fayetteville and vicinity. It was estimated that near 2,000 people would need more or less assistance for ten or twenty days. An officer and twenty men were sent up as a guard. Lieutenant George S. Hanson, regimental quartermaster, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers (acting commissary of Abbott's brigade), a judicious and capable officer, took charge of the rations. The steamer reached Fayetteville Sunday morning, April 30, and was welcomed by a large crowd. The rations were receipted for by mr. Orrell, one of the relief commissioners. Archibald McLean, mayor, in behalf of the corporation, "returns hearty thanks for the liberal and timely assistance. " I should have been better pleased had he added some expression of satisfaction upon the prospects of a speedy peace and the restoration of just authority. But Lieutenant Hanson reports that the general feeling there is very encouraging. The steamer was not molested on her way. At Faytteville a lieutenant and ten men of Wheleer's cavalry came near, and the lieutenant, learning the object of the steamer's visit, said he would like some of the provisions, but could not interfere under the circumstances. The people gave him his first knowledge of Johnston's surrender; told him the Confederacy was "played out," and advised him to go home. He left, but three of his men returning and making trouble, were chased out of town by citizens, who endeavored to arrest them. The steamer returned on Monday, bringing twenty bales of cotton, consigned to George O. Van Amringe, of Wilmington, subject to the orders of the authorities of Fayetteville, for the relief of the poor. Mr. VAn AMringe is a proper person for the business. No further charity will be sought (so both side understand), but the mayor asks that the privilege of pledging produce be left open, to whicable limits, I shall consent, unless otherwise instructed, or until Fayetteville may be garrisoned or included in some district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 54. Hilton Head, S. C., May 2, 1865.

Asst. Surg. W. F. Buchaman, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as assistant medical director, Department of the South, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

