SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 113. Hilton Head, S. C., May 2, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Colonel S. L. Woodford, One hundred and third U. S. Colored Troops (late lieutenant-colonel of One hundred and twenty-seventhh New York Volunteers), is hereby redetailed as chief of staff to the major-general commanding Department of the South, to date from his muster in as colonel March 6, 1865.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HILTON HEAD, May 2, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District:

The Ninth Connecticut will return to Savannah. The two companies now on Daufuskie, numbering about 100 men, will remain there.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, May 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General VOGDES:

GENERAL: I received last night by telegraph from Baldwin your dispatch of yesterday. It was received too late to make the necessary arrangement to send an officer to Major Thompson, U. S. Army, on the 3rd instant for the exchange of receipts for the paroled prisoners. As you asked me in that event to designate an hour, I replied by telegraph, designating 2 p. m. on Thursday, the 4th instant. At that hour Captain J. C. Rutherford, C. S. Army, of Brigadier-General Gardner's staff, who is especially charged by Colonel Ould, S. C. commissioner of exchange of prisoners of war, to conduct the exchange of prisoners in this district, will meet Major Thompson, U. S. Army, at the point you designate, the White House, about ten miles from Jacksonville. He will be accompanied by Lieutenant Orman, C. S. Volunteers, who received the paroles. Your dispatch further informed me of the termination of the armistice recently agreed on between General Johnston and Major-General Sherman, and that hostilities would be resumed at the expiration of twenty-four from the delivery of your dispatch at my outposts. It was delivered there at 2 p. m. yesterday. I accede to your proposition that hostilities shall not interfere with transfer of receipts in respect to prisoners between Major Thompson and the officers I designated, and that the place of metting shall be exempt from hostilities while thy are there, and that they shall not be molested whilst they are going to and returning from the White House to their respective lines.

Very respectfully,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

