
just placed at Snow Hill and Hookerton to allow nothing but strong, orginzed parties of our foragers to cross Moccasin River in future.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OFTHE OHIO,Goldsborough, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier- General HARLAND,

Kinston:

It is reported that a division of the enemy's cavalry, with four pieces of artillery, are marching on the north side of the river toward Kinston, with the intention of cutting our communications. Keep a good loolout for them and report anything your may see or hear.

By order of Major- Geneal Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS, Numbers 66. Faison's Station, March 27, 1865.

* * * * * *

IV. Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, will, with tow battalins of his regiment, proceed to the Black and South Rivers and destroy all the bridges over them south of Clinton. He will also destroy all the flats and ferry- boats to be fund on those rivers, and as far as possible obstruct the road leading to the crossings. Having accomplished these objects he will report with his command to these headquarters.

V. The Third Brigade, of the Second Division, Twenty- fourth Army Corps, will proceed to Magnolia Station fotr gaurd and garison duty. Colonel George F. Granger, Ninth Maine Voluteers, commanding the brigde, will be cahred with the duty of protecting the railroadfromNortheast Branch to Magnolia. For tis purpose he will establish posts at all bridges and trestles between the points named, and cause patrols to pass between each two contiguous posts daily . Each of such posts should be stockaded adn have a garrison of at least thirty men, under careful and competent officers. Colonel Granger will furnish to the master marchinists at Magnolia all such details and fatigue parties as may be necessary to facilitate the repairs of cars and locomotives and to keep the road in running order. Colonel Granger will take themost active measures to protect the inhabitants of Magnolia and the country int he vicinity of the section of the road placed under his charge from outrage or injury. The One hudred and sixty- ninth Regiment New York Volunteers will be sent to Northeast. Colonel Granger will make use of this regiment for fatigue duty, loading trains at that point, and guarding such parts ofth road as they may be sufficient for.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

