
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIENHT CORPS,

Near Taylor's Ferry, Va., May 3, 1865.

The movements of this command to-morrow will be as follows: The Third and First Divisions having crossed the river will start at daylight, the former leading toward Saffold's Bridge, over the Meherrin River. General Geary will cross his command immediately after General Morgan's division, of the Fourteenth Corps. After crossing he will see the pontoon bridge taken up, andwill bring it forward with his train over the same road on which the Third and First Division march. The commanding officer of the pontoon train will push his train to the head of the column as rapidly as possible, and all commanding officers will give him every assistance to enable him to get forward. The artillery and corps supply trains will have their usual positions in the column.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Near Taylor's Ferry, Va., May 3, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the Third and First Division of this corps, with the artillery, &amp;c., will cross the Roanoke River to-night, following the second division (in line) of the Fourteenth Corps. General Morgan's division of the Fourteenth Corps (which is now in rear of our column) will cross next after General Williams' division; your division being the last to cross. The general wishes you to keep yourself informed as to the movements of General Morgan, so that you can follow his command closely. The pontoon bridge will be taken up after the passage of your command will come forward with your division. The general wishes, however, that you have it pushed forward toward the head of the column as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIENTH CORPS, Near Taylor's Ferry, Va., May 3, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the brigade across the Roanoke River near here is completed and the Fourteenth Corps are crossing. Two divisions of that corps are to cross, then two divisions of this corps. Upon your arrival here the major-general commanding wishes you tm ove as close to the bridge as possible and halt without going into camp. After the passage of the brigade by the second division (in line) of the Fourteenth Corps he wishes you to cross at once and go into camp on the north side of the river near the bridge and be prepared to move early in the morning. General William's division will follow yours across the bridge. The artillery and corps supply train will cross the river with your division, occupying the usual places in your column. The general

