HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have observed in the Savannah Republican of May 2 instant your General Orders, No. 29, providing for the support of "three free public schools for the education of white children" in the city of Savannah. Without any desire to exercise any improper interference in the local affairs of your post, it is important that I should be made acquainted in some detail with the policy which you have marked out for yourself for the education of the children in Savannah, and I therefore present that you will send, by the officer who bears this letter, written replies to the following questions, viz: First. What is the number of white children attending the free schools in the city of Savannah, and what are the sources and the amount of the fund from which the expense of said schools are to be paid, as provided in your general order above referred to? Second. What is the number of colored children attending school in Savannah, and what official action have you taken to provide for their education in the way of providing school-houses and paying the expense of hiring competent teachers?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: Until further orders the major-general commanding forbids the shipping of merchandise to Augusta without authority from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

PHILADELPHIA, May 4, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

There will be no need of repairing the Weldon road to supply Sherman. There would not be time to repair it out one day's march from Petersburg before his troops willbe up. Having no ammunition to haul, they will find no difficulty in hauling supplies for the whole march.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, N. C., May 4, 1865-9 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 a. m. 5th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

Just arrived from Savannah. All well in that quarter. Sent two boats with stores for Wilson up to Augusta. Gillmore will occupy

