
Augusta and Orangeburg. The to brigades from here have sailed for Savannah. Have you any reason why I should longer submit to the insult contained in Halleck's dispatch in the New York papers of the 28th? I will go to City Point in a few days. Answer me there.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, N. C., May 4, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

General EASTON,

Petersburg, Va.:

I am here. As soon as I confer freely with Schofield I will come to City Point. Make room for me there.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOREHEAD CITY, May 4, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Mr. O'BRIEN,

Raleigh:

You will report to me what caused the delay in repairing the line through to Petersburg which I authorized. Did any person at Petersburg or Washington put obstacles in the way because a part of the line was not in our control?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 48. New Berne, N. C., May 4, 1865.

I. The army having moved northward, leaving army officers and enlisted men temporarily unable to join their commands, a provisional brigade or encampment is hereby ordered established at or near Alexandria, Va., to which all officers and men of this army now awaiting or en route to join their regiments will proceed and report to the officer commanding.

II. Lieutenant Colonel James C. Edson, Fourth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters, on return from leave of absence, is assigned to the command of the Provisional Brigade or encapment to be established for this army at Alexandria, Va., and will forthwith proceed thither with such officers and men as may hereafter be ordered to report to him. Authority is also given him to stop all officers (except those of superior rank) and men of this army whom he may encounter en route to this post, and order them to report to him at Elexandria. He will assign from the officers reporting to him an adjutant, quartermaster, and commissary, and such other acting staff officers as may be required to properly conduct the camp. He will report to the commanding officer of the district and be subject to such orders and regulations as he may receive from him. Lieutenant-

