
Colonel Edson will continue in command of such camp or bridge until relieved by the arrival of a superior officer or further orderes from these headquarteres, or other proper authority.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Tabernacle Church, Va. May 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left camp near Roanoke River and crossed the pontoon bridge at 3. 30 this p. m., following the Second Division on the direct Lawrenceville road and going into camp at 9 p. m., having marched about twelve miles. My headquarters are at the church.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pendleton's Bridge, Meherrin River, May 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that this division broke camp at Robinson's Ferry at 12 a. m. ; crossed the Roanoke, the Fourth Division being in advance, and the Second and Third following in that order, and marched to Pendleton's Bridge, on the Meherrin River, a distance of seventeen miles and went into camp about 6. 30 p. m.

I am, sir, yours, very respectuflly,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Quarles' Swamp, Va., May 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX WOODHUL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division this instant: The pontoon bridge over Roanoke River not being completed at the hour designated for the movement of my command to take place, the march of my division was necessarily delayed until 10 a. m., at which hour the crossing was commenced and completed at 12. 30 p. m. Having crossed the above-named river, I directed my column along the old stage road a distance of eight miles, thence to the right upon the Westward Bridge road via Rock's Store and James' Square, to Quarles' Swamp, where my command arrived at 5 p. m., and is now in bivouac, having marched a distance of sixteen miles. The position which I occupy to-night is eleven miles from Westward Bridge Unless otherwise ordered by the major-general commanding I will continue my march to-morrow, via this bridge, breaking camp at 5 a. m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

