
anxious to know what manner of Government, they are to have. At Hilton Head I got New York papers of the 28th containing Halleck's perfidious order to disregard my truce. I will attend to him in time. Has it embarrassed you in your affairs? Report to me how all things are and I will remain here as long as you want. I can, if necessary, come up, but would like to reach City Point, Va., a few days before the arrival of my army. If you are in telegraphic communication with General Wilson tell him I want him to do right regardelss of the confusion likely to ensue from Halleck's impertinent inteference with my business.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH, May 4, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have just received your dispatch of 8. 30 p. m. I had telegraphed you on hearing of your passing Fort Fisher. Halleck's order must have been counteramnded, for I have heard nothing of his troops in this State. I went to Greensborough on 2nd and returned yesterday. Concluded satisfactory all details with General Johnston. I have a dispatch to you from General Wilson, dated at Macon, April 30, saying he had disregarded the order to resume hostilities, it being of an earlier dated than yours. I send you the dispatch. No doubt he has received your orders sent after Johnston's surrender and acted upon them, but I think I can communicate with him yet. Do you what anything sent to him besides that contained in your dispatch of thise evening? No important news from the North. All well.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MACON, GA., April 30, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Since my telegram of to-day* we received a dispatch from McPherson [Steedman?], Chattanooga, April 26, that General Grant had refused to indorse your action in arranging am armistice with Jonston, and declaring the resumption of hostilities. As the date of this dispatch is prior to your last I shall disregard it till further orders from you. Please send me instructions at once. To begin hostilities again in this department would be productive of great determined in a final settlement.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Morehead City, N. C., May 4, 1865-12 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

I am very gald all things are so well. I think my orders to General Wilson, both from Raleigh and Savannah, are full and complete. Yet I think you had better communicate with him the fact that boats have gone to Augusta with stores for him; also, that his orders are, after paroling all Confederates in his neighborhood, to break up arms and destroy munitions and conduct his command to Decatur, Ala. I will

---------------

*See p. 354.

---------------

