
RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Several officers have reported by verbal directions from headquarters of the Armies of the United States to these headquarters en route to General Sherman's army. It is respectfully suggested that it would be better for officers seeking their commands in General Sherman's army to await their arrival at Alexandria, Va., than in this city, where there is so little accommodation and their expenses will be so great.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, May 4, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The Russia passed Fort Fisher this morning at 10. 40, boud for Morehead City, with General Sherman on board.

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 35. Raleigh, N. C., May 4, 1865.

Major General J. D. Cox, with his own corps and two brigades of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, will occupy Greensborough, Salisbury, Charlotte, and such other points as he may deem necessary, and take care of the western portion of the State. Major General A. H. Terry, with his corps and one brigade of General Kilpatrick's cavalry, will occupy Raleigh, Goldsborough, Fayetteville, and such other points as he may deem necessary, and take care of the central portion of the State. Brigadier-Generals Palmer and Hawley will command the coast districts, as heretofore. The troops will visit all parts of the State, disperse or capture all bands of guerrillas and marauders, and collect all military arms, other than the side arms of paroled officers, which may be found in the State. The corps and district commanders will, as soon as practicable, send to each county under their jurisdiction a discreet officer, with a sufficient force to organize a small company of the most responsible loyal citizens to serve as a local police force until further orders. As far as necessary the companies so organized will be furnished with captured arms and ammunition, but will receive no comopensation for their services. All the members will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and an oath to preserve the peace, prevent crime, and arrest criminals, as far as as practicable, within their county, and to obey all lawful orders of the U. S. military authorities. Criminals arrested by the police companies will be sent to the nearest military post for trial by military commission. A full statement of the crimes and the names of witnesses must be sent with the prisoners in each case.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

