
will be left at this point for the purpose of guarding the wagon train of the division to Greensborough, which will in all probability leave here to-morrow morning, May 5.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. BELL,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Morehead City, N. C., May 4, 1865.

General PALMER, New Berne:

Am just up from Savannah. All well to the south. I have seen Halleck's perfidious and infamous order to disregard my truce. He is a brave general to pursue so fiercely an army that he knows did not intend to fight, but to surrender or run. I await here repots from General Schofield before going up to meet my army marchign for Richmond. Has General Webster gone with my headquarteres? If not, tell him to report by telegraph whether he has embarked yet. If not, I will have him come down to this boat, the Russia.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.

NEW BERNE, May 4, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Morehead City:

General Webster and other members of your staff left two days since for Alexandria. I would be too glad to have you come up here. Chief Justice Chase came up to-day, and he is staying with me to-night. He goes down to-morrow at 8 a. m., and he is making a grand tour to Wilmington, Charleston, New Orleans, &amp;c. If you do not come up I think I shall go down to see your.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

FLAG-SHIP PHILADELPHIA, Charleston, May 4, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am informed by the Navy Department that the rebel ram Stonewall has left Teneriffe, and "her destination is believed to be some point on our coast. " Several vessels of the squadron are cruising along this coast and other orders have been issued. I inclose you a copy of the squadron order (48) issued to commanding officers, which will inform you of the measures taken by me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, FLAG-SHIP PHILADELPHIA, No. 48. Charleston Harbor, S. C., (THIRD YEARLY SERIES. May 3, 1865.

The Navy Department again informs me of the movements of the rebel ram Stonewal, and adds:

Her destination is believed to be some point on our coast, and every precaution should be taken by you to guard against surprise, and to prevent her inflicting serious injury should she maker her appearance anywhere within the limits of your command, and the best means in your power used to capture or destroy her.

