
RICHMOND, VA., May 5, 1865-6. 15 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

You will immediately make every possible preparation at the ports to prevent the entrance of the rebel steamer Stonewall into any harbor in your department. Ammunition should be in readiness, and the guns continually manned.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOREHEAD CITY, May 5, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General Sherman is still here. The vessel which he is to go north on is taking coal on for the tirp, but the wind is now blowing high, and the captain thinks it doubtful if he can get out. He will have all day at least. If you have anything to communicate to the general you can do so here.

L. M. DAYTON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C, May 5, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Morehead City:

When General Grant was here, as you doubtless recollect, he said the lines had bene extended to embrace this and other States south. The order, it seems, has been modified so as to include only Virginia and Tennessee. I think it would be an act of wisom to open this Stae to trade at once. I hope the Government will make known its policy as to organization of State governments without delay. Affairs must necessarily be in a very unsettled state until that is done. The people are now in a mood to accept almost anything which promises a definite settlement. What is to be done with the freedmen is the question of all, and it si the all-important question. It requiers prompt and wise action to prevent the negro from becoming a huge elephant on our hands. If I am to govern this State it is important for me to know it at once. If another is to be sent here it cannot be done too soon, for he will probably undo the most of what I shall have done. I shall be most glad to hear from you fully when you have time to write. I will send your message to Wilson at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

Major-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, May 5, 1865.

General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

Your dispatch of to-day is just received, and I feel deeply the embarrassment that is sure to result from the indefinite actionof our Government. It seems to fail us entirely at this crisis, for I doubt if any one at Washington appreciates the ture state of affairs South. Their minds are so absorbed with the horrid deformities of a few assassins and Southern politicians that they overlook the wants and

