
necessities of the great masses. You have seen how Stanton and Halleck turned on me because I simply submitted a skeleton as basis. Anything positive would be infinitely better than the present doubting halting, nothing-to-do policy of our bewildered Government. After Stanton's perfidious course toward me officially I can never confer with him again, and therefore am compelled to leave you to approach him as best you can. Now that all danger is past, and our former enemy simply asks some practicable escape from the terrible vicissitudes of his position, it is wonderful how brave and vindictive former non-combatants have become. It makes me sick to contemplate the fact, but I am powerless for good, and must let events drift as they best may. If left alone I know you could guidethe State of North Caromay. If left along I know you could guide the State of North Carolina intoa path of peace, loyalty, and security in three months, and could place every negro in the State in a way to make an honest liveli-hood, with his freedom secure, but I doubt whether those who were so slow to come to the fight will permit you to act. Whatever you may do I will back you with my influence, which however, cannot amount to much in the present attitude of affairs.

With sincere respect, your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 49. Raleigh, N. C. May 5, 1865.

* * * *

II. Bvt. Brigadier General Thomas T. Heath, commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Department of North Carolina, will report to Major General A. H. Terry, commanding Tenth Army Corps, for orders.

* * * *

XI. The Fifteenth Indiana Battery, Captain A. D. Harvey, and Twenty-third Indiana Battery Captain J. H. Myers, now at Wilmington, N. C., will turn over the Government property to the proper officers of the quartermaster's and ordnance departments come by rail to this place and report at these headquarters for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS,

Raleigh, May 5, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX,

Greensborough:

General Halleck telegraphs that paroled officers and men cannot, under existing cicumstances be permitted to go to the Northern States, nor can public transportation be furnished them. Do not give passes to any paroled prisoners to come east of Goldsborough, except those whose homes are in North Carolina.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMBPELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

