
the paper as you request, and send you a copy of an order I make to my troops to counteract the effect of the insult so wantonly and unjustly and so publicly inflicted on me by the Secretary of War. Of course this will soon lead to the closing of my military career, and I assure you that I can have no aspirations to civil favors but will shun them with disgust. Indeed, I have not yet thought whither I will cast my fortunes, but probably to some foreign land, if, in my judgment events are drifting us further into another civil or anarchial war. That you may study the chances of changing the tone and character of a people by military occupation and military governors, I invite your attention to the occupation of Spain by Napoleon's best armies from about 1806 to the close of his career.

With great respect, your friend.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General

P. S. - I feel additional confidence in the ability of the United Staes to rule the late rebel States by and through even their existing State authorities by reason of the facts that we now have possession of all forts, arms, and strategic points. We have a vast political majority which cannot be lost, unless by seeming acts of a oppression a reaction is created in their support. Their resources are all gone and their confidence in their leaders is turned to hate. With moderation and courage on our part Jeff. Davis Toombs, Cobb, Benjamin, Slidell, and other political leaders will receive less mercy at the hands of their country-men than ours. Where is the single act of severity even shown to a political prisoner in our hands. To this hour the War Department has sent me no orders to hunt for, arrest, or capture Jeff. Davis, but on the contrary, as near as I know their wish is that he escape, provided it be "unknown" to them. But the tribunal before which all conflicts must come at last, the Supreme Court, before whose decrees I and all soldiers of my school bend with the veneration of religion, is now surely safe to us on the "vexed questions" which led to one war and now threatens another. In it I hope is the "anchor of safety. "

Again, with respect and affection,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 6, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

GENERAL: On the 1st instant you were directed to send no officers or men of Sherman's army forward, except those belonging to the Tenth and Twenty-third Corps. Kilpatrick's cavalry having been ordered to remain with General Schofield in North Carolina, you will please send forward all officers and men for that command. Until further orders you will detain and provide for all officers and enlisted men belonging to the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Army Corps arriving in this city en route to join their respective commands.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

