HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C. May 6, 1865.

General HAWLEY,

Wilmington:

You will immediately make every preparation to prevent the entrance of the rebel steamer Stonewall into any harbor under your control. Ammunition should be in readiness and the guns continually manned.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

WM. M. WHERRY,

Brevet-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to General Palmer, New Berne.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH.

Hilton Head, S. C. May 6, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN, U. S. Navy,Commanding South Atlantic Block, Squadron, Charleston Harbor S. C.:

ADMIRAL: Lieutenant James, of my staff, returned a few days since from Key West, Fla., and reports that yellow fever has already appeared there, and that it is stated to have broken out at Bermuda. I inclose copies of an order this day issued by me to enforce strict quarantine regulations at the several posts in this department. The order is mainly in the language used in the quarantine order of last year. Naval vessels, are however, excepted from its operations, and I respectfully, request you to take such measures as will prevent the introductionof infections or contagious diseases through such vessels. The health ships should be armed vessesl, so that the orders of the health officers may be promptly enforced. The army transports under my command are unarmed and not of a character to enable them to ride safely at anchor off these ports in rough weather. Hence I respectfully ask that you will furnish from your squadron a vessel to act as guard, and health ships for each of the ports of Fernandina, Savannah, Port Royal, and Charleston; that you permit my health officer to have his quarters thereon, and that you appont a naval surgeon for each of such vessels, to examine and act upon the cases of all naval vessels arriving at these ports, under such orders as you may issue. I believe that this is substantially the system acted upon by yourself and General Foster last summer at Port Royal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Savannah, Ga., May 6, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANTL-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South: L

I have found it necessary to take the Planter, General Saxton's boat, to take supplies up the river to Augusta if possible. I will give General Saxton's staff officer any water transportation, till the return of the Planter, that he may require. The Planter is loading now and will go up river to-morrow morning. Is it all right?

C. GROVER.

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

27 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

