
does by sending here a superintendent for them, of course all that I can do in the matter will be to furnish them from time to time such assitsance as they may require which has thus far been done. If, however, General Saxton is not authorized to appint a superintendent or supervise the schools, and will inform me to that effect, I will at once take the necessary steps to establish them and see to their support.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

C. GROVER.

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH.

Jacksonville, Fla., May 6, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have the honot to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 52, announcing a suspension of hostilities. That order was previously furnished by General Jones, commanding the rebel forces in Florida, who solicited an interview with me. I inclose a copy of a note he handed me and my reply. * In conversation with General Jones he stated that he was prepared to surrender according to the terms of agreement, and would be prepared to meet any officer authorized to receivet eh surrender according to the terms. He said that he had kept a gurd to protect the stores, and that he would deliver them at any point designated. No blanks or instructions having been received by me, I request that they may be forwarded as soon as possible. There are several points that I would respectfully, suggest for the consideration of the general commanding: First, does he intend that Tallahassee and other points should be occupied? If so, what troops shall occupy them? From General Jones I learn that he has had some difficulty in reconciling his troops to the surrender, but that they will return peaceably to their homes. I also gather that the people of Tallahassee will observe order and be peaceable. He, however requested that if it was decided to send troops there that white troops be sent. I think, should it be necessary to garrison anyof those points, that it would be well so long as there were no signs of opposition to the authority of the General Government, to employ, at least temporarily, white troops. It should be borne in mind that Florida presents many facilities, both in the nature of the country and the character of the inhabitants, for a guerrilla war. I think great caution should be exercised in dealing with the inhabitants, treating them kindly, and affording them facilities for trade, keeping good order and being prepared to put down any oppostiion. General Jones requested me to ask if he could have transportation for himself anvate effects to his home near Petersburg, Va. Some of his staff officers are from other States. All of his troops are from Florida. He makes the same request for his staff officers. I would call the general commanding's attention to the fact that an election for governor of this State is to come off in June.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers

---------------

*See May 5, p. 409.

---------------

