
FORT MONROE, March 28, 1865- 7. 30 a. m.

(Received 8. 15 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

General McCallum has just arrived on Baltimore boat. I delivered him a copy of you telegram. * He will leave at once for City Point.

WM. L. JAMES,

Brevet Major and Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEAPRTMENT,

Washington City, March 28, 1865- 10. 45 a. m.

Major- General SHEAMN,

City Point:

General McCallum is onhis way from Fortess Monroe to City Point to report to you. From him you can get all the information you desire respecting rolling- stock, railroads, &amp;c., and you willplease give him suchinstructions as you desiere him to follow. Your brogher, Honorable John Sherman, left here last night for City Point.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secreatary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 28, 1865.

(Received 2. 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I await the arrival of Geenral McCallum untilhis arrival here at 3 p. m., when I will take himwith me to New Berne. Before leaving I will arrange with General Infgalls and Admiral Porter for barges and tugs to trasport stores from New Berne up to Kinsotn, where my wagons can meet them and fill up. I will be at Goldsborough the day after to- morow. Whilst here also I shall make complete arrangements for my next port of entery at Winton, on the CHowan, or Halifax, on the Roanoke. I have had a long interview with Geneal Grant and the President, and think that everything wears a most favaorable aspect. I suppose John Sherman to be with General McCallum, and will prevail on him to go with me as far as Goldsborough. Many thanks for the prompt attention given to ur wants.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

WAR DEAPRTMENT,

Washington, March 28, 1865- 7. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHELMAN,

Fortress Monroe:

God speed you; and that He may have you in his keeping, shield you from every danger, and crown you with victory, is my earnest prayer.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Stanton to James, 27th, p. 34.

---------------

