
continued hard marching. If not inconsistent with the public service I most respectfully request that the distance marched per day be very materially reduced. I would not ask this if I did not think it absolutely necessary. Cannot I get railroad transportation to Richmond for 100 or 200 dilapidated conscripts?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH.

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 62. Manchester, Va., May 7, 1865.

I. Corps commanders will encamp their commands not nearer than three miles from the town of Manchester. No soldier will be permitted to enter the town without a pass approved by his division commander. No officer or soldier will be allowed to visit the city of Richmond without a pass approved by his corps commander. Corps commanders will at once take measures to procure the necessary supply of commissary and quartermaster's stores for their commands and will have their wagons loaded with such supplies as may be required for a continuance of the march, and will notify the major-general commanding as soon as this is accomplished.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Manchester, Va., May 7, 1865.

Brevet Major-General DAVIS:

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that none of your command encamp nearer than three miles from Manchester. He wishes your to encamp them in the best place you can find, between three and seven or eight miles of this city. He wishes you to remove General Walcutt's division at once to some point beyond three miles of the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The major-general commanding directs that no one of your command be allowed to enter Manchester except on a pass approved by the division commander and that no one be allowed to enter Richmond except on a pass approved by the corps commander.

Respectfully,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Manchester, Va., May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you encamp your command upon such ground as you may deem advantageous, upon the

