
stream which crosses the road upon which you are approaching, about five miles from this place.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,&amp;c.,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Manchester, Va., May 7, 1865.

Major-General MOWER:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that none of your corps encamp nearer than three miles from Manchester. He directs that no soldier be permitted to enter Manchester except on a pass approved by the division commander, and no one be allowed to enter Richmond except on a pass approved by the corps commander. The headquarters Army of Georgia are located on the edge of town to the left of Hull street, at the house of Mr. Wren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Clover Hill, Va., May 7, 1865.

This corps will march to-morrow toward Richmond in the same order as in the march of to-day. The Third Division will start at 4. 30 a. m., the others following at the regular intervals. The pontoon train will march with the train of the Second Division. The whole corps will encamp to-morrow night at Falling Creek, which camp will be the one the corps will occupy while remaining in the vicinity of Richmond. During the march to-morrow division commanders will take extraordinary precaution to prevent any straggling to the front. No officer nor enlisted man will be allowed to precede the column, except upon necessary duty.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Kidd's Mill, Appomattox River, Va., May 7, 1865.

Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division

GENERAL: We have our bridge over the river finished and are laying another for infantry. The major-general commanding directs that you bring forward your infantry, passing the trains of the First and you bring forward your infantry, passing the trains of the First and Third Divisions, but leaving the road entirely open for them. The infantry bridge is on the right of the one for trains. It will therefore be necessary for you to come up on that side of the trains, so as not to cross the column. Leave a sufficient number of troops with your train to assist it on the road and in crossing the bridge. General Williams brings his troops forward also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

