HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OFT HE UNITED STATES,City Point, March 28, 1865.

General DODGE, Norfolk:

General McCallum will meet me to- day here at City Point, or at old Point Comfort. He has sent down to Morehead City several locomotives and cars of the narrow gauge, and I will see him before taking any fromNorfolk. General ingalls has promised me a fair share of barges, and I will procure his order for them this morning. I will be down to old Point to- night on the navy boat Bat.

W. T. SHERAMN,

Major- General.

WASHINGTON, March 28, 1865- 10 a. m.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS, City point:

We have bvarely enough rolling- stock of narrow gauge to do the work o roads in operation in Virginia. For the roads in North Carolina we have thirty locomotives and 350 cars of five- feet gauge, for which we have been trying to procure trasportation since the 10th of February. Of tis number ten locomotives and seventy- two cars have been shipped to Morehead City and the remainder are being shipped as fast as trasports are provided, the intention being to change the gauge of the road and use five- feet rolling- stock. The guage of the road can be changed its entire length in from tow to three days, and we shall then have ample rolling- stock without stripping the roads in Virginia. There are at New Berne five locomotives in working order and eighty cars of four feet eight and a half inch gauge, and no more of this gauge on the way. We can, if desired, ship from Alexandria three to five locomotives and, say, fifty cars of narrow gauge, for if an emergency requires we can strip the Orange and Alexandria road and send three times the above amount of narrow- guage stock.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Per WHITON.

CITY POINT, VA., March 28, 1865- 4. 30 p. .

(Received 5. 40 p. m.)

General D. H. RUCKER:

General Sheramn wishes to have fromtwenty to thirty barges or cannal-boats, with tugs of proper draft of water, to trasport supplies from Morehead City to kinston and afterward in the Chowan. He wants them at onc, e if practicable, as the railroad is not sufficeiently effective. These boats should be sent by the canal. Those used by General Abbot for siege ammunition cannot be sapred.

R. INGALLS.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DPT., ADJT. GENEAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 51. Washigton, March 28, 1865.

By direction of the president, the Fourteenth and Twentieth Army Corps will constitute the Army of Geoargia, of which Major General H. W. Slocum is assigned to the command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

