
duties have not allowed it. I have read them a good dh to be certain that if you had read what I have, your feelings of humanity and justice would not let you rest till all loyalists are made equal in the right of self-protection by suffrage. Once I should have been, if not satisfied partially, at least, contended with suffrage for the intelligent and for those who have been soldiers; now I am convinced that universal suffrage is demanded by sound policy and impartial justice. I have written too much already, and will not trouble you with my reasons for these conclusions. I shall return to Washington in a day or two, and perhaps it will not be disagreeable to you to have the whole subject talked over.

Truly, and faithfully, yours,

S. P. CHASE.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 7, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I have received your dispatch concerning slavery the treatment of freedmen, &amp;c. * Will send you mjy orderse issued some days ago, which agree perfectly with your views on this subject. I have not recognized in any way may of the civil officers of the State, not being willing to act in such matters in the absence of any indication of the policy of the Government and taking it for granted that instructions would be given soon. In this connection I desire to suggest that the sooner a military governor is appointed for this State and steps taken to organize a civil government the better. The people are now in a mood to accept anything in reason, and to do what Government desires. If I am, by virtue of my command, to perform the duties of military governor, I would like to know it. If another is to be appointed it ought to be done before I have been compelled to do something which he may think it necessary to undo. I think it would be eminently wise to retain in office justices of the peace, sheriffs, and other inferior officers who may prove to be loyal and worthy, but this should be done by the military governor. I believe the Administration need have no anxiety about the question of slavery, or any other important question in this State, but the proper care of the freedmen should be provided for by State legislation as soon as possible. I shall be thankful for any information or instructions you may be able to give me on these subjects.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., May 7, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Head of my column arrived here at noon of 5th. Am entirely out of forage, and have been for twenty-four hours. Forage has been promised my quartermaster for two days and not a pound has arrived, and I cannot hear of any on the way. What shall I do? Please answer.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See May 5, p. 404.

---------------

