
53. Captain Charles H. Trott assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report letter to the commanding general Military Divsion of the Mississippi, and in person to the commanding officer of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty with that command.

* * * *

57. Captain Edward G. Dike, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of the South for assignment to duty with the commanding general District of Savannah.

* * * *

59. Captain Dennis H. Williams, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report by letter to the commanding general Military Division of the Mississippi, and in person to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade, First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty with that command.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Near Petersburg, Va., May 8, 1865.

The congratulatory telegram from the lieutenant-general to the Fifteenth Corps upon its late extraordinary march from Raleigh to Petersburg affords an opportunity to the general commanding the division to express to the officers and men of his command his high appreciation of their conduct on the entire march. Your implicit obedience to orders and your military bearing has won for you, in addition to the gallant and heroic name you have made for yourselves in yoru country's history, the character of "the best soldiers of the Republic. " The general commanding entertains a profound pride in the excellent name of his soldiers, and calls upon them to remembers how difficult it is to sustain a good name without effort, and while he warmly thanks his officers and men for their excellent conduct and cordial support, he assures them that while he will exact the utmost of them to comply with the orders of his superiors he has no higher ambition than to secure their comfort, happiness, and fame.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION. FIELD ORDERS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 68. Near Petersburg, Va., May 8, 1865.

* * * *

II. The troops of this division will march at 8. 30 a. m. to-morrow in the direction of Richmond, Va., passing through the city of Petersburg; brigades in the order Third, First, Second. All trains, excep one ambulance for each regiment, to move in rear of thei respective brigades, will be reported to Colonel Fort, chief quartermaster of the corps, for assignment to a corps train column, to be moved in the order of their divisions in rear of the entire corps, the battery to follow the leading brigade as usual. It is desired that the troops should present the

