
best possible appearance in passing through the city, and to this end all guards be instructed to march with fixed bayonets, and be vigilant in arresting all men who may attempt to leave their places. Brigade commanders will please instruct their drum corps to play the same tune, i. e., the band of each regiment in rear of the leading regiment taking up the same tune as the leading regiment of the brigade in order that the step and time may be uniform &amp;c., Reveille at 5 a. m.

* * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse.

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS. Numbers 7. Petersburg, Va., May 8, 1865.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this corps during the temporary absence of Major General F. P. Blair, Captain R. N. Evans, Twentieth Illinois Volunteers, and Lieutenant A. W. Stewart, Seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteers, are announced as aides-de-camp, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

M. D. LEGGETT

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS. Numbers 117.In the Field, Va., May 8, 1865.

The command will march to and encamp in the vicinity of Manchester to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Hughes commanding, will have the advance. The Fourth Division will follow the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry. The Third Division will follow the Fourth Division. The First Division will follow the Third Division. The First Michigan Engineers will follow the First Division.

II. Division commanders will cause all foot-sore men of their command to be collected together at the railroad station near General Smith's headquarters together at the railroad station near General Smith's headquarters and placed in charge of an officer to be transported to Manchester by rail. They will be at the station as early as 8. 30 a. m.

III. Major General H. W. Halleck, commanding at Richmond, has notified General Howard, commanding Army of the Tennessee, that his troops will not be allowed to enter the city of Richmond until they are prepared to march directly through it. The officers and men of the Seventeenth Corps will be governed accordingly and will not under any circumstances cross the river from Manchester until they go with their proper command. It is expected that the self-respect of this command will cause them to strictly obey this order.

By command of Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA. Numbers 63. Manchester, Va., May 8, 1865.

I. This army will pass through the city of Richmond on Wednesday, the 10th instant. The troops will cross the James on the upper pon-

