
toon bridge at the foot of Seventeenth streetm move up Seventeenth street to Cary street up Main to Thirteenth street, up Thirteenth to Capitol street, through Capitol street to Grace street, up Grace street to Adams street and thence to Brook avenue. The Fourteenth Corps will have the advance and will be massed in Cary and Twenty-first streets at 8 a. m., prepared to commence to march at that hour. The Twentieth Corps will be massed in rear of and will follow the Fourteenth Corps. The troops will be reviewed by Major General H. W. Halleck, commanding Military Division of the James. The reviewing stand will be at the court-house, near Capitol square. Neither the bands nor field musicians will fall out in front of the reviewing officer, but will continue the march with the column. The Fourteenth Corps will continue the march, encamping on the night of the 10th instant at or near Hanover Court-House. The Twentieth Corps will encamp near Brook Creek. The trains of both corps will be loaded as soon as possible and sent forward to the points at which the corps are to encamp on the night of the 10th. All pack-mules, wagons and ambulances, not sent through the city before the 10th instant, will move in rear of the corps to which they belong and will cross the river on the lower pontoon bridge, moving down Water street to Twenty-second street, up Twenty-second to Franklin street, up Franklin to Nineteenth street, up Nineteenth to Mechanicsville turnpike, from which road they can join the corps without interfering with the march of the troops. The pontoon train will march, as heretofore one-half of it accompanying the train of each crops. The order of march to Alexandria will be issued on the 10th instant.

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT.

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. Manchester, Va., May 8, 1865.

Division commanders will, if possible, obtain all necessary supplies and move their supply trains through Richmond to-morrow and park them in the vicinity of Hanover Court-House to-morrow night. On the following day (May 10) the Army of Georgia will march through the streets of Richmond in review before Major General H. W. Halleck, commanding the Military Division of the James, the Fourteenth Army Corps in advance. The column, entirely unencumbered with wagons, will be formed as follows: Third Division, Brevet Major-General Baird commanding; Second Division, Brevet Major-General Morgan: First Division, Brigadier-General Walcutt. The head of the column will be at the pontoon bridge and ready to move at 7. 30 a. m. The column will cross the upper pontoon bridge, move up Seventeenth street to Cary street, down Cary street to Twenty-first street, up Twenty-first to Main street up main to Thirteenth street up, Thirteenth to Capitol street, through Capitol to Grace street, up Grace to Adams street, and thence to Brook avenue. The troops will be reviewed with knapsacks, and will carry at least one day's rations in their haversacks. The troops marching at right-shoulder shift will come to a shoulder arms before passing the statue of Washington (near the capitol) and will continue the same shoulder until passing the reviewing officer, who will be near the same point. Upon passing all troops under arms or general officers,

