
the usual compliments of coming to a shoulder will be paid. When the width of the street will permit the troops will march in column of companies. Neither bands nor field musicians will turn out before the reviewing officer. After passing through the city the troops will encamp the same night in the vicinity of Hanover Court-House. All pack-mules, wagons, and ambulances, not sent through the city before the 10th instant, will be massed near the bridge and will, under the supervision of the chief quartermaster of the corps, cross the lower pontoon bridge at the same time the troops are passing on the upper bridge, move down Water street to Twenty-second street, up Twenty-second street to Franklin street, up Franklin street to Nineteenth street, up Nineteenth to Mechanicsvile turnpike, from which road they will join their commands without interfering with the march of the troops.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Falling Creek, Va., May 8, 1865

Captain ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the head of my column has arrived at this point. I will encamp my corps here (on the north side of the creek) and await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

JOS. A. MOWER.

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Mrs. Fore's House, Va. May 8, 1865

The corps will move up to this point to-morrow, preparatory to passing in review through Richmond on the day after. The troops will be in readiness to leave their present camps at 9 a. m,. but will await further orders. In moving up to this point the divisions will march in the same orders as to-day, viz, Third, First, Second Divisions. An officer will ge sent form these headquarters to guide the different divisions to the camps selected for them.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Falling Creek, Va., May 8, 1865.

Brevet Major-Gegneral GEARY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that, if you think that the march to this place will be too much for your men, you can encamp for the night on Swift Creek, or one of the streams in the vicinity of it, and come on here in the morning. Please report your

