
location to-night. The general directs that you send forward to-night all of your empty wagons to the depot at Richmond or Manchester to bring up supplies for your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Mrs. Fore's House, Va., May 8, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that as the corps will pass through Richmond on the day after to-morrow, and at that time will probably start on the march to Alexandria, that he wishes that you will have all of the wagons that you will want loaded with quarteramster's and commissary stores sent to the depot at Manchester to-night. Such stores as are neede din your command for wagons should either remain near Manchester or be sent out to where we will camp, on the north side of Richmond (on Brook Creek). The chief quartermaster of this corps will be instructed as to the disposition of the trains sent to the depot.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 8, 1865.

Chief Justice CHASE,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Please accept my thanks for your letter upon the important subject of the reorganization of State governments. I am glad to know your views on this subject. The President's address has not yet appeared, so far as I know, but I have taken it for granted that he would soon announce in some form the policy to be pursued. I agree with you fully in your estimate of General Cox. I have had frequent and full conference with him during the last year on all subjects of public interet.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 8, 1865-11 p. m.

(Received 9th.)

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

By direction of the President you will at once arrest Zebulon B. Vance late rebel governor of North Carolina, and send him to Washington under close guard.

Please acknowledge receipt of this order.

U. S. GRANT.

Lieutenant-General.

