HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General ISRAEL VOGDES, U. S. Volunteers:

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant covering copies of the rebel Major General Sam. Jones' note to you of May 5, and your reply thereto of the same date. In reply to your request for the necessary blanks and instructions you will demand from General Jones a delivery to yourself of all arms and public property in the possession or under the control of himself or the public property in the possession or under the control of himself or the rebel officers and forces under his command. You will properly account for all arms and property so received by you. The side-arms and private horses and baggage of the rebel officers will be retained by them. Duplicate rolls of all the officers and men surrendered to you will be made one copy to be reatined by the cmmander of such troops, the other to be given to you, and by your forwarded to these headquarters. These rolls will be made in the form prescribed in Appendix A,* hereto attached. You will give to each officer and man surrendered to you and by you paroled a certificate in the form of Appendix B,* hereto attached. You will hereafter be advised as to what points in the interior of Florida are designated to be held by our forces. When garrisons are thus esablishedi t will be determined at these headquarters what troops are to be sent. In the meantime you will enforce good order so far as your military lines and surveillance extend. All acts of warfare must cease, and good behavior is expected and demanded of all persons in Florida. You will please confine your official correspondence with rebel officers to matterse pertinent to the execution of the convention of surrender as agreed upon between Generals Sherman and Johnston not forgetting that while we are to be humane toward surrendered enemies, these men are still rebels to whom any forgiveness is an act of grace and not of justice. After General Jones has surrendered all his officers and men and you have duly received and paroled them and after he has delivered to youall his arms and public property, he will be funrished, togethr with his stff, with transportation to Fortress Monroe, Va., en route for petersburg, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 8, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: From information that I have gathered I am inclined to think Davis is or has made his way to South Florida, as far as Tampa or still farther south.

Some suspicious characters passed on the railroad to Gainesville about ten days since. Theyhad a life-boat and some boxes, supposed to be specie, and offered $1,000 in gold to be conveyed to Tampa or Sarasota Bay. Senator Harris, of Missouri, was of the party. Some said also that Davis was, but I think not. There were sailors in the party, two pilots, one of whom was named Johnston. It is probable

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

