
RICHMOND, May 9, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: General Halleck directs that all orders issued relative to receiving the army under General Sherman in Richmond be countermanded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI Numbers 2. Alexandria, Va., May 9, 1865.

The following resolutions adopted by the respective State governments therein named are publisehd for the information of the command:

Senate Concurrent Resolutions, No. 6.

Whereas the city of Savannah, Ga. has been captured by the Union forces, and the old flag now floats unchallenged over that Atlantic port, and until now a stronghold of rebeldom:

Resolved by the State (the Assembly concurring), That the thanks and congratulations of the State of Nevada be extended to the gallant Sherman and his army, who have gained this great victory after a march unparalleled in courage of design and brilliancy of execution:

Resolved, That the governor be authorized to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Secretary of War, with the request that the same to the major-general commanding the Union army of the southeast.

Adopted December 29, 1864.

Concurrent Resolutions Complimentary to Generals Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, and Thomas, and to Vice-Admiral Farragut and Commodore Winslow:

Resolved, That the thanks of the Legislature respresenting the State of New York, are hereby tendered to Major General William T. Sherman, and to the officers and men of his command, for the series of superb victories culminating in the capture of Atlanta and for the skillfully executed march from the mountains to the sea, which challenged the admiration of the world, resulted in the capture of Savannah with many millions of public property and demonstrated that the so-called Confederacy is indeed but a shell;

Resolved, That His Excellency the governor is hereby respectfully requested to transmit a copy of each of the foregoing resolutions to the officers specially named therein.

Adopted January, 1865.

Resolutions of thanks to Major General William T. Sherman.

Resolved, That the thanks of the General Assembly of the State of Rhode Island are hereby tendered to Major General William T. Sherman, and to the officers and men of his command, for the series of brillant victories culminating in the capture of Atlanta and for the skillfully executed march from the mountains to the sea, reseulting in the capture of Savannah with many miollison of public property.

Resolved, That His Excellency the governor be requested to transmit a copyof the above resolutions to Major-General Sherman.

Adopted January session, 1865.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

