
This will stop all the avenues by which te rebel cavalry could stricke our railroad. I will send a staff officer who has examined the ground to guide your division commander. Any time to- morrow morning will be soon enough.

Very resepctfully,

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major- General.

SPECIAL HEADAUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 74. Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

I. Compny D, One hundred and tweny- sevnth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Captain Charles M. Libby commanding, is hereby detached fromthe regiment and detailed for special service as gaurd in quartemaster's and commissary of subsistence deaprtmetns at these headquarters, in charge of Lieutenant John A. Mills, acting assistatn qaurtermaster and acting commissary of subsistence.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant- Geneal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. Goldsborough, N. C ., March 28, 1865.

During this period of rest care should be taken to increase the comfort of the men and iprove their drill and discipline.

I. Their comps should be arranged with as much conformity to the requirements of the regulations as possible and as the nature oft eh ground will admit. Aproper system of policing camps and qaurters should be established and frequent inspections made to sascertain their sanitary condition. Offal should be promptly buried; sinks dug at convenient places and covered with brush; coampany streets asnsd parades, tents or quarters, regularly swept, cleaned, and ditched. Where bunks are built they should be swept out, and all blankets aired, neatly rolled, and placed at the head of the bunkl; knpsacks packed, and arms and accounterments sheltered fromthe weather.

II. There will be three roll- calls- at reveille, retreat, and tattoo. A company officer willbe present at each roll- call of his company, and allabsentees will be properly accounted for to the commanding officer of the regiment. Immediately after reveille camps and quaarters will be put in order and the guard house or tent swept by the prisoners.

III. Company commanders will be held responsible for the cleasnliness and soldirely bearing of their men, and should consider themselves aslways on duty to this end. Non- commissioned officers in charge of squads will see that the man wash their hands and faces daily; that they comb and brudh their heads; that their hair is kept short; that those on duty are properly dressed, and that those absent from camp on passes are clean and present a soldierly appearance. They will report to their company officers for punishment such men as are slovenly in their habits and careless with their arms and accounterments.

IV. Frequent inspections should be made by commanding offiacers, and defects in frill, discipline, and care of camps and of arms and accunterments should be pointed out and corrected. The regualr Sunday- morning inspection will be held. All details for guards or

