
WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, via New Berne:

Upon receipt hereof you are authorized to cause the immediate muster out and discharge from service of all officers and soldiers of your command whose terms of service will expire prior to May 31, 1865. In discharging the said troops the following will be observed:

1. The muster out will be made in accordance with existing regulations by the commissaries of musters of divisions for the direction of commissaries of musters of corps or departments.

2. Army and department commanders will forthwith ascertain the number of men within their respective commands to be discharged and report the same direct to the Paymaster-General of the Army, forwarding a duplicate of the report to the Adjutant-General. Said report must specify the number for each regiment or company if an independent one.

3. The Paymaster-General will arrange to make immediate payments to the men discharged, said payments to be made in the armies or departments in which they may be serving at date of muster out. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 41. Raleigh, N. C., May 9, 1865.

All agents of the late rebel Confederate and State Governments in North Carolina are required to make, without delay, full reports of all public or Government property in their possession, or for which they are responsible, and all persons who know of the existence of such property not properly cared for, or in condition to be wasted or stolen, are requested to report the facts to these headquarters without delay. The chiefs of the several staff departments will cause all such property to be collected and disposed of in accordance with existing orders. Any person who shall conceal, destroy, or appropriate to private uses, Government cotton, tobacco, arms, or other public or Government property, shall be arrested and imprisoned. No permit for the transportation or shipment of any property will be granted without satisfactory evidence of lawful ownership by the person having possession. Lawful title cannot have been acquired from the late rebel Government.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, May 9, 1865.

Major-General COX:

By direction of the President you will at once arrest Zebulon B. Vance, late rebel governor of North Carolina, and send him to Raleigh under close guard. He is understood to be at his home in the western part of the State. Please acknowledge receipt.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

