
with all arms and public property in their possession or in any manner under their control. For making out the rolls of paroled prisoners and furnishing them with certificates of parole you will use the forms furnished herewith. You will forward your copy of these rolls to these headquarters and will also furnish inventories of all arms and public property received by you under the above-mentioned military convention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Same sent to Generals Potter and Grover, also to Generals Molineux and Washburn, on the 11th instant.)
HEADQUARTERS CITY OF CHARLESTON,Charleston, S. C., May 9, 1865.

Colonel JAMES LYNAH and others,

Committee:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant "in behalf of the citizens of Charleston and precincts soliciting the use of Hibernian Hall" on Thursday, the 11th instant, at 12 m. The object you propose, "the speedy restoration of peace, obedience to the law, and a return to all the religious, industrial, and social pursuits of life," should meet the approval of every loyal man. The hall will be at your disposal for the purposes named at the hour and day mentioned.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GURNEY,

Colonel 127th New York Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 9, 1865.

W. W. HOLDEN,

Editor Raleigh Standard, Raleigh, N. C.:

Can you come to Washington immediately? I wish to confer with you in reference to North Carolina affairs. The military authorities will pass W. W. Holden, and such other persons as he may indicate, to Washington and return on Government transports and over military railroads and furnish transportation and subsistence. General Schofield will please furnish every facility to Mr. Holden in said visit.

ANDREW JOHNSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, May 10, 1865--3 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Richmond, Va.:

You will march your army on to Alexandria, as first directed from Raleigh. I have written and telegraphed to you, though not on that subject.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

