
Richmond quietly and in good order, without attracting attention, and I beg you to keep slightly peru, for if noticed by some of my old command I cannot undertake to maintain a model behavior, for their feelings have become aroused by what the world adjudges an insult to at least an honest commander. If loss of life or violence result from this you must attribute if to the true cause--a public insult to a brother officer when he was far away on public service, perfectly innocent of the malignant purpose and design.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Manchester, Va., Numbers 69. May 10, 1865.

The march of the army northward will be resumed as follows:

I. The Left Wing, Major General H. W. Slocum, will cross the James River on the pontoon bridges and pass through Richmond to Hanover Court-House, and thence by roads through or to the left of Chilesburg, Warrenton Junction, Centerville, and Fairfax Court-House to a camp near Alexandria, Va.

II. The Right Wing, Major General O. O Howard, will follow at leisure, passing through Richmond to Hanover Court-House, and thence by roads to the east of those prescribed for the Left Wing, substantially by Bowling Green, Fredericksburg, Stafford Court-House, and Dumfries to a camp near Alexandria.

III. The chief quartermaster, General Easton, and chief commissary, General Beckwith, will, on completing supplies at this point, hasten to Alexandria and make suitable preparations for the reception of this army on its arrival there; and the commanding general of each army will send a staff officer to Alexandria in advance to select suitable camps for their armies--the Right Wing within four miles of the town, and to the south of the Manassas road, and the Left Wing about the same distance from town and to the north of this road.

IV. The general-in-chief will accompany the Left Wing as far as Hanover Court-House, and thence travel with the Ring Wing. The troops must be marched slowly, not to exceed fifteen miles a day, unless specially ordered by a corps commander.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 10, 1865--3. 15 p. m.

(Received 8. 25 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: Your dispatch only just received. * I will conform to it at once.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See 7th, 9 p. m., p. 421.

---------------

