SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 53. New Berne, N. C., May 10, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions these headquarters will this day move to Alexandria, Va., where all official mail matter will be sent. Second Lieutenant William K. Lyle, acting assistant quartermaster, engineer department, and Lieutenant William Ware, acting assistant quartermaster, signal corps of this army, will, just as soon as transportation can be furnished them, report to these headquarters at Alexandria with the men and property in their charge. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. T. TAGGART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 112. Manchester, Va., May 10, 1865.

I. In consideration of necessity of procuring clothing, mess supplies, &amp;c., for officers, the complete prohibition to enter Richmond by officers and men of this army is removed. Officers and soldiers with their side arms on, and with a pass for each, approved by direction of the corps commander, may visit the city between sunrise and sunset until further orders. Officers and men on duty at these headquarters are required to have authority from general commanding.

II. All men disabled by exhaustion and lameness, and such sick as do not require active medical treatment, will be organized under competent and energetic line officers and transferred by water to Alexandria to await the arrival of the army.

III. In order to carry out the instructions of Special Field Orders, Numbers 69, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, of this date, the Seventeenth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will move on Friday, the 12th instant, and pass through Richmond to Hanover Court-House. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move on Saturday, the 13th instant, and march through Richmond to Hanover Court-House. A section of the bridge train will move with each corps. These headquarters will follow the Seventeenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MANCHESTER, VA., May 10, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that, in order to provide for sufficient forage to be carried on the march to Alexandria, your command be supplied with ten days' full rations only. Colonel Remick, the chief commissary of subsistence of the army, reports that there are 400 head of fine beef-cattle for each corps, or about eight days' rations of fresh beef.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Blair and Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale.)

