HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 10, 1865.

J. S. PENNINGTON &amp; CO.:

SIRS: I notice in your paper this morning an editorial complaining of the conduct of officers in Raleigh. If you or any other citizens feel aggrieved by the conduct of any in the army, your remedy is to apply to me or other commanders having jurisdiction in the case. The public is not the tribunal authorized to judge of such matters, and their public discussion will not be tolerated. Your ground of complaint may be just, and, if so, I shall be most glad to remove it upon its being pointed out to me. It is proper, however, for me to remark that many of the citizens of Raleigh, whose property has been forfeited to the United States under the confiscation laws, have shown so little disposition to accommodate officers with necessary quarters, and have treated them with so little civility that I shall probably find it necessary to take possession of all confiscable property in the town, as the law directs. To save you future trouble I wish simply to correct the error which you seem to be laboring under, about your "right to grumble. " After the kindness and protection which have been extended by the army to the people of Raleigh, such grumbling is intolerable ingratitude. You will please publish this letter or stop the publication of your paper, as you may prefer.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,

Greensborough, N. C., May 10, 1865.

In the transportation of the command by cars toward Charlotte a commissioned officer will be placed in command of the men on each car and will remain with the same. Such officer will be designated by the commanding officer of the train. He will be held responsible for the good order and also the safety, in so far as his power goes, of the men under his command.

By command of Bvt. Major General Thomas H. Ruger:

HENRY A. HALE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 65. Manchester, Va., May 10, 1865.

* * * * * * *

V. The army will move toward Alexandria to-morrow morning, starting at 7 o'clock. The Fourteenth Corps, in advance, will move by way of Hanover Court-House, Oxford, and Chilesburg to a point near Chestnut Hill, thence by the most direct route to Rappahannock Station on Rappahannock River, thence through New Baltimore, Hay Market, Centerville, and Fairfax Court-House.

VI. The Twentieth Corps will start at 10 a. m., and encamp to-morrow night on Brook Creek, and move thence by way of Ashland, Chilesburg, Spotsylvania Court-House, and will cross the Rappahannock at

