
United States Ford, or any point between that and Rappahannock Station, and will then move toward Alexandria through or near Catlett's Station and Brentsville.

VII. The troops will not be marched to exceed fifteen miles per day, unless to reach a suitable camping ground. In passing through Richmond the troops will take the roads indicated in the order of the 8th instant, and will be marched in good order. The pack-mules of each brigade will be allowed to follow the brigade through the city, but the headquarters and regimental wagons will be marched on streets other than those taken by the troops, and in such a manner as not to interfere with the march of either corps.

VIII. The major-general commanding will accompany the Fourteenth Corps as far as Hanover Court-House and the Twentieth Corps thence to Alexandria.

IX. One-half of the pontoon train will accompany each corps.

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Manchester, Va., May 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Devens, commanding division of the Twenty-fourth Corps, will parade his command to-morrow morning on Hull street, his left resting at the pontoon bridge. The general wishes me to say that [it] is intended as an act of courtesy, and that you can make any arrangements you please for returning salutes, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. Manchester, Va., May 10, 1865.

The review directed in Special Field Orders, Numbers 41, will not take place. The corps will march toward Alexandria to-morrow, General Baird in advance, starting at 7 a. m., General Morgan following, and General Walcutt in rear. In passing through the city of Richmond the troops will be marched well closed up and in good order, bands and field music playing and colors flying. The route will be the same as that prescribed in Special Field Orders, Numbers 41. The regimental and headquarters wagons will be moved, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps, by a route parallel to that taken by the troops as indicate in the above order, and will join their respective divisions on the other side of Richmond. Pack-mules and ambulances will march in rear of their respective commands. The corps will encamp to-morrow night in the vicinity of Hanover Court-House, and at that point the division commanders will take charge of their respective supply trains, now parked there, and so dispose them as to be able to march the following morning without confusion. The pontoniers assigned to this command will march in the rear of the First Division, and under the direction of General Walcutt, to whom the commanding

