
fatigue before leaving camp will be inspected by the proper officer. Great care should be bestowed upon the inspection of the camps and quarters of the men, and of all hospitals connected with their camps (as to their sanitary condition and locatin); of the arms and acounterments of the men, which should be kept clean and in good condition, and of the condition of allpublic property pertaining to the caommand.

V. The general commanding regrets the necessity of calling attention to the lax and awkward manner in which guards and sentinels perform their duties. Compny officers should be held responsible for the instruction of thir men in allduties pertaining to this important subject. Not alone is the military bearing of the men damged, but thir general usefulness impaired by carelessness and inattention to the required forms. In thi conection, attention is invited to paragaphs 62, 64, and 65, Revised Army Regulatins, edition of 1863.

VI. The troops will be drilled twice a day.

VII. Attention is invited to paragraphs 451, 455, Revised Army Regulatins, edition of 1863, with refrence to official correspondence, and to General Orders, Numbers 129, Adjutant- General's Office, War Department, Washington, series of 1864, on the same subject. Hereafter no officer or soldier will be permitted to present inperson at theseheadquarters official communications unless he shall have received written permission to that effeict from his division commander.

VIII. Division commanders are ahrged with the promulgatin and enforcemetn ofthis order.

By order of Major General John A. Logan;

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, S ECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborugh, N. C., March 28, 1865.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, according to orders received from your headquarters, the Third Brigade guarded forage trainthie day; the rear of the column is now (6. 30 p. m.) coming into camp, having marched d thirty miles. The roads were in fair condition for seventeen miles from Goldsborough, but few places need any work to pass the artillery and trasportationoft he corps. The bridge opposite the fourteen- mile post on the road to the left, crossing Bull Head Creek, was burnd last night. I hear the bridges farther up are also destroyed. We gathered all the forage near the main Snow Hill oroad for fifteen miles from this camp. Saw no rebels. I would respectfully all the attention of the general commanding to the fact that there are still a large number of mounted men from this corps; they are stripping the people of everything that can sustain life. I saw families of women, children, and negroes who had absolutely nothing to eat, and their houses and quarters stripped of everything- cooking utensils, bedding, crokery, &amp;c. Some rascals are beginning to set fire to the deserted huses of those who have fled to Goldsborugh- also burning fgences. All kinds of vehicles were seen upon the road all day. The conduct of teamsters and men in charge of train was good. The amount of forage pgathered was fity- eight wagon loads of corn and fodder, three wago loads of lumber, and some ambulances, which I did not examine. Very respectfully, your obeient servant,

JOHN M. OLIVER,

Brigadier-General.

