
officer of the pontoniers will at once report his command. Corps headquarters train will accompany General Baird's division. Should the headquarters trains of the Military Division of the Mississippi and Army of Georgia accompany this corps, they will be admitted into the column at any point.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Mrs. Fore's House, near Manchester, Va., May 10, 1865.

This corps will commence the march to Alexandria to-morrow, starting at 10 a. m. The order of march will be, until further orders, as follows: First Division, Second Division, Third Division. The artillery will march immediately in rear of the troops of the leading division. The pontoon train will march in rear of the artillery, and in advance of the train of the leading division. The movement of the troops, trains, &amp;c., through Richmond to-morrow, will be in accordance with the directions given in the order of Major-General Slocum, commanding Army of Georgia.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 10, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General HENDERSON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: You will please detail from the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry fifty men, in charge of two discreet officers, to proceed to Sandy Ridge, Stokes County, N. C., for the purpose hereafter mentioned. They will take with them ten days' rations to be carried in a wagon, which you will please furnish them. They are to return to this place as soon as the business they are intrusted with is completed. Instructions for the officers in charge of the party are inclosed.

By command of Brigadier-General Carter:

L. A. GRATZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 10, 1865.

Instructions for the officers in charge of the detail from the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry: You will proceed to Danbury, Stokes County, N. C., by the following route: Via Krusess' Cross-Roads to Madison; northwest course from Madison to Cardwell's Mills; from there to Sandy Ridge; from Sandy Ridge to Danbury. On your arrival there you will, as far as practicable, consult with good, responsible, loyal citizens, for the purpose of organizing a small company

