
of the most respectable loyal citizens to serve as a loyal police force until further orders. As far as necessary the company will be supplied with captured arms and ammunition, but will receive no compensation for their services. All the members will be require to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and an oath to preserve the peace, prevent crime, and arrest criminals as far as practicable within their county, and to obey all lawful orders of the U. S. military authorities. Criminals arrested by this police company will be sent to the nearest military post for trial by military commission. A full statement of the crime and the names of the witnesses must be sent with the prisoner in each case. You will also arrest all lawless persons who have been committing depredations and bring them with you on your return. You must be very careful to get the most loyal men into the company, and only those who have the interests of their country at heart, and not merely a desire to gratify private revenge under a cloak of official authority. You will take with you ten days' rations, to be carried in a wagon which will be furnished you by brigade headquarters for this purpose. On the march and while on duty you must preserve good order and discipline among your men and not permit them to molest either the property or persons of peaceable citizens. You will return to your regiment as soon as the business intrusted you is completed. There is a cavalry guard at Danbury; the commanding officer may be able to assist you in carrying these instructions out. At Sandy Ridge you will find Dr. R. B. Hay and W. B. Taylor, who will accompany you to Danbury to assist you in making up the company. A list of names is appended to this; these persons are represented as good citizens, who may be able to give you assistance. From representations made by some citizens of Sandy Ridge it is possible the company authorized for Stokes County should be organized at the form making all needful inquiries in regard to the loyalty and law-abiding character of the people, their wants, and the best interests of the Government, you must decide whether it will be better to organize a company there or at the country seat, which is a more central point. W. B. Taylor, above Madison; R. B. Hay, above Madison; Samuel Hall, above Madison; Spottswood Taylor, Danbury; Thomas Martin, near Sandy Ridge; Peter Hutchins, Danbury; James Davis, on river above Danbury; John J. Martin, Snow Creek; Zach. Alley, near Sandy Ridge; William O. Lash, Walnut Cove; James Rierson, Danbury; Joel Hill, Danbury; Jacob Hill, Danbury; Joseph Fulp, Walnut Cove; Benjamin Bailey, Walnut Cove.

By command of Brigadier-General Carter:

L. A. GRATZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I desire to submit to you my views concerning the policy that ought to be pursued in North Carolina, leaving it to your judgment whether or not to submit them to the President or Secretary of

