HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, N. C., May 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. HAWLEY,

Wilmington, N. C.:

You are authorized to loan captured horses to those who have been deprived of them by the hostile armies by General Orders, Numbers 31, from these headquarters, a supply of which has been sent you.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 10, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have just seen the inclosed call, issued by Governor Brown, of Georgia, convening the legislature of his State at Milledgeville on Monday, May 22, instant.

Remembering the action of the Government in preventing the recently proposed assembling of the rebel legislature of Virginia at Richmond as promulgated in the newspapers, and regarding the State of Georgia as being virtually, if not actually, in our military possession, I have ordered Brevet Brigadier-General Washburn, with a brigade of infantry from Augusta to Milledgeville. I have instructed him to quietly prevent the assembling of the legislature, but to retain at Milledgeville all members of that body who may present themselves thereat.

Governor Brown has not asked my consent for this meeting. I do not know whether he has asked or [not] that of Brevet Major-General Wilson, commanding the cavalry, at Macon. I presume that General Wilson has before now left for Decatur, Ala., under orders from Major-General Sherman, transmitted through me.

I have no faith in the loyalty of Governor Brown nor in that of the leading politicians of Georgia. I wish, however, simply to carry out the orders and desires of the Government. I have feared that the assembling of the legislature might embarrass the future action of the Government by tending to perpetuate the political control over Georgia of men who have neither deep love for the nation nor sympathy in the national policy. For this reason I have acted as above indicated; while, should the Government desire the legislature to meet, your instructions can be received by me and promulgated to the commanding officer at Milledgeville in time to permit the session called by Governor Brown.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

QUINCY A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 10, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN, U. S. Navy,

Commanding South Atlantic Block. Squadron, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant, in reply to my indorsement, dated May 6, upon a report made to me by Colonel Woodford, my chief of

