
divided, or very nearly so, between two races, the whites and the blacks, and the city is garrisoned alike by white and black soldiers. The white inhabitants, including nearly all the prominent men, have generally been disloyal during the rebellion, and many of them are avowedly so at the present time, while the colored people, with rare unanimity, have been true to the national flag and the national authority, and have never, except under armed compulsion, given aid and comfort to the insurgents. Both soldierly honor and simple justice require that, during our military occupation of this department, no unjust distinctions as to privileges and favors be made against a loyal race resident therein, which has furnished almost exclusively the only local defenders of our country's honor and flag. Whatever may be the policy which our Government may determine to pursue toward the leaders and the active aiders and abettors of the rebellion, our duty to those who have remained thoroughly and consistently loyal appears plain and unmistakable. I consider the general order referred to as unjust toward the blacks, in that it directs the mayor of Savannah ex officio to act in the matter of educating white children alone. The mayor of Savannah is bound to act, and is expected to act, with equal solicitude for the equal welfare and improvement of all classes of the residents of that city. If he cannot do that conscientiously he should, in honor, resign, and if he does not he will be removed. The order is deemed further unjust in that it appropriates money from what is called a "civil fund" for the benefit of a class and not of all. This civil fund is raised by the military authority and applied by them to civil uses, in defraying such expense as are involved in the local government and management of Savannah. In various ways, direct and indirect, both whites and blacks contribute to it, and it must be used equally for all. The fact that Northern charity has in some degree ministered to the eduildren of the freedmen does not relieve the military authorities from making equal provision for all classes, where it helps any. I do not propose to interfere in any manner with questions of State policy, or to give official expression to partisan or peculiar opinions, but simply, during the military occupation of this department, to enforce equal and exact military justice and extend equal and exact military protection to all loyal persons, without regard to color or race. You will adopt such measures as you think proper for the education of the children of Savannah, governing yourself, in so doing, by the principles herein above enunciated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., May 10, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

After receiving General Gillmore's dispatch with regard to the Troup, Lieutenant Woodruff arrived here and wished the Troup to go up the Altamaha. He said he had so agreed with General Gillmore, and that it was necessary on account of low water, in order to insure the speedy arrival at Macon of his stores on the other boat, which he expected to have to lighter off. The Troup has, therefore, gone up the Altamaha.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

