
[First indorsemetn.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., Marach 29, 1865.

Resepctfully forwrded for the information of higher commanders, with the suggestion that, in order to, in some degree, put a stop to the continuance of outrages upon people inour front, that the picket- lines of the army be made close, no one pssing without proper authority from high power, and that mounted patrols under known good officers be sent daily in search of marauders.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major- General.

This is the second time these outrages have been officially reported to me by officers of rank.

[Second indoresement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY COPR,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the assistant adjutant- general, Deaprtmetn and Army of the Tennessee, for the consideration of the commanding general of the army.

I cannot think that the men complained of as riding in buggies, wagons, and on horseback can belong to tis corps, as my orders have been most stringent to turn in all such animals and vehicles to the quarttermaster's departmetn, and my orders have bee, as far as I culd learn, fithfully executed.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth ArmyCorps, during the temporary absence of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse.

E. W. RICE,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near GHoldsborugh, N. C., March 28, 1865.

Commanders of divisins willpay particualr attention to the establishment of their picket- lines, having them so placed and with such conections right and left as will enable them to entirely prevent any person frompassing them. Astrong post, under the cahrge of a commissioned oficer, will be statiooned on each of the roads running though the lines. The pickets will be instructed not to pass any person through the lines except uponthe pass of the division or superior commander. The wagons or other vehicles for foraging or other purposes will not be allowed to pass without a guard of at least a regiment, which gaurd shall be furnished with a proper pass. All passes will be inspected by a commissined officer. All deserters and refugees coming to the lines will be sent under guard to the headquarters of the division to whihc the picket belongs. The immediate presence o the enemy's cavalry and the capture of a large number of foragaers from

