
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Mr. Stuart's House, near Richmond, Va., May 11, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Ashland in the same order as to-day. General Williams will start at 4. 30 a. m., the other divisions following at the regular intervals. The artillery, pontoon trains, and corps supply train will have the same positions in the column as heretofore designated. Each division will be accompanied by its train. Division commanders will detail sufficient men to assist and cover their trains.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Manchester, Va., May 11, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that in the march of to-day the wagon trains will march in rear of all the troops, marching in the same order as the respective commands. The pack trains only will march with the troops. An officer from these headquarters will meet the trains at the pontoon bridge and guide them through the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, May 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The military commission convened for the trial of Henry Anderson, Company D, Ninth Michigan Cavalry, for the murder of Emanuel Cabel, citizen of North Carolina, have found him guilty of murder and have sentenced him to be shot to death with musketry at such time and place as the major-general commanding department may designate. The proceedings, findings, and sentence are approved and forwarded for the action of the general commanding. *

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 11, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry, Lexington, N. C.:

I would like to have one regiment of cavalry stationed here subject to orders from these headquarters for details for scouting purposes in this vicinity. I believe there is a regiment somewhere near here, but the commanding officer has not reported to me. Please answer.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

---------------

*Anderson was executed May 13, 1865.

---------------

