
RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

Military officers cannot give passes to leave the United States. I do not prevent paroled prisoners from leaving Virginia or North Carolina, but the Attorney-General having decided that they have no homes in loyal States, they are liable to arrest if they go there. Moreover, in the present excited state of the public feeling at the North, their lives might be in danger.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, May 11, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

Has an order been issued removing trade restrictions in North Carolina? If so, will you please send it to me by telegraph.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, May 11, 1865.

General COX:

It is reported here that Governor Vance carried off to his home in Buncombe County a large number of State records and other Government property. I desire you [to] investigate, and have records returned to these headquarters.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

P. S. --You cannot be too careful with your cipher.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., May 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I beg leave to represent, as I stated by telegraph, that I have received no official copies of orders from any quarter since I left Raleigh on the evening of April 26. Yesterday, for the first time, I saw in Raleigh papers Major-General Sherman's Special Orders, Nos. 65 and 66, and Major-General Schofield's General Orders, Nos. 31, 32, 35, 36, and his circular of May 4. I am preparing to execute the fourth paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 35. Companies substantially of the character indicated are already formed, but it will be necessary to reorganize them, administer the oath to all, &amp;c. Preliminary to that, I am having the general orders referred to printed in a convenient form for general circulation, and also sending notices to the inhabitants to meet at certain times and places to form their companies. I propose to accompany the officer whom I shall send to Columbus, Brunswick, and Bladen Counties. Chief Justice Chase, as the major-general is aware, came here on the 8th and left on the 9th. He visited Fisher and Caswell;

