
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 91. Washington, May 12, 1865.

Order organizing Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.

I. By direction of the President, Major General O. O. Howard is assigned to duty in the War Department as commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, under the act of Congress, entitled "An act to establish a bureau for the relief of freedmen and refugees," to perform the duties and exercise all the rights, authority, and jurisdiction vested by the act of Congress in such commissioner. General Howard will enter at once upon the duties of commissioner, specified in said act.

II. The Quartermaster-General will, without delay, assign and furnish suitable quarters and apartments for the said bureau.

III. The Adjutant-General will assign to the said bureau the number of competent clerks authorized by the act of Congress.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

FIELD ORDERS, Chickahominy River, Va., May 12, 1865.

I. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will move to-morrow through Hanover Court-House, and cross the Pamunkey River with all troops and trains if possible.

II. These headquarters will follow the troops of the leading division of the corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION, OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Hanover Court-House, Va., May 12, 1865--noon.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Right Wing:

DEAR GENERAL: It was my purpose to join your column here and travel with it via Fredericksburg, but I feel anxious to see the ground about Spotsylvania Court-House and Chancellorsvile, and may accompany the Left Wing that far, and swing across to you at Fredericksburg. General Slocum leaves your road six miles north of Hanover Court-House and then takes the road off to the left by Chilesburg, and will not again come into your road at all, and you will not see him until you make Alexandria. I have official notice that General Meade leaves his pontoon bridge for your use across the Rappahannock at the mouth of Deep Creek, which I understand to be a couple of miles below the town of Fredericksburg. The heavy cold rain of last night has improved the atmosphere very much, but leaves the roads bad, and if other rains come about the time you reach Fredericksburg you had

