
the command who have passedthe lines wotuuyt proper authority, render it necessary that these regulations should be rigidly observed. Each division and brigade commander willsee that their officers of the day are furnished with a copy of these instructions, who will turn them over to their successors, who willin turn be held responsible for the proper observacne threof by the officers and men under their command.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOSELEY HALL, March 28, 1865- 11 a. m.

Colonel CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Goldsborough:

Your communication of 10. 30 p. m. yesterday received at 8 a. m. to- day. Reports from Kinsotn place the enemy at seven miles this side, which is impossible. This morning everything was all righ from Falling Creek bridge to ths point. Commanders must furnish gaurds for their trains between Kinston and Goldsborugh unless I have special orders. One train of 180 wagons is on the road with but one regiment. I trust the enemycannot ghet very rnear me without my gettinginforamtion of their approach. Women are r avished and robbed by stragglers all over the country.

D. N. COUCH,

major- General.

MOSELEY HALL, March 28, 1865- 2 p. m.

Colonel CMAPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-Geenal:

I have 400 men continually patrolling the railroad fromwithin four miles of Goldsborugh to within four miles of Kinston. Do you wish me to do more! I hear nothing of hampton's men. All quiet.

D. N. COUCH,

Major- Geenral.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 28, 1865.

Major- General COUCH,

Moseley Hall:

Are there any roads fromthe north this side of your position by which the enemy's cavalry might strike the rairoad!

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- Geneal.

MOSELEY HALL, March 28, 1865- 3. 15 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My left is eight miles fromGoldsborough. An enemy could work in fromthe Godsborough and Snow Hill road. I think, however, he would be captured if he went far.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

