
26; also a consolidated return made from the rolls. The number surrendered and paroled in North Carolina is 40 general officers and 36,971 subordinate officers and men. * This number does not embrace the cavalry which went south under orders from Davis, as his escort, and since surrendered to General Wilson in Georgia, nor the men who went home during the suspension of hostilities without waiting for their paroles. General Johnston found it impossible to deliver all the arms and other public property at Greensborough, and we were compelled to receive them wherever the troops chose to throw them down. The staff officers are at work collecting all the property, and I will forward reports as soon as the work is completed. I also inclose a copy of the 'supplemental terms" agreed to by General Johnston and myself in pursuance with your instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Military Convention of April 26, 1865. --Supplemental Terms.

I. The field transportation to be loaned to the troops for their march to their homes, and for subsequent use in their industrial pursuits. Artillery horses may be used in field transportation if necessary.

II. Each brigade or separate body to retain a number of arms equal to one-seventh of its effective total, which, when the troops reach capitals of their States, will be disposed of as the general commanding the department may direct.

III. Private horses and other private property of both officers and men to be retained by them.

IV. The commanding general of the Military Division of West Mississippi, Major-General Canby, will be requested to give transportation by water from Mobile or New Orleans to the troops from Arkansas and Texas.

V. The obligations of officers and soldiers to be signed by their immediate commanders.

VI. Naval forces within the limits of General Johnston's command to be included in the terms of this convention.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Forces in North Carolina.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, Commanding C. S. Troops in North Carolina.

[Indorsement.]

Approved and forwarded.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 12, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

All military restrictions on trade not contraband in North Carolina and Virginia have been removed, and the whole matter turned over to officers of the Treasury Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*But see tabular statement, compiled from parole lists and reports, Part I, p. 1066.

---------------

