
RALEIGH, May 12, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Charlotte, N. C.:

GENERAL: I send Lieutenant Washburn, of my staff, to receive the War Department archives, as requested in your note of the 8th. I fully share your desire for their preservation, as they will be invaluable to history, and will take care that they be properly preserved for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders of the major-general commanding, I proceeded on the 30th of April with three other officers from Major-General Schofield's staff, three from Major-General Cox's staff, and three from Major-General Terry's staff to the headquarters of General Johnston, at Greensborough, N. C., for the purpose of paroling the officers and men of his army in this State. I found his army scattered along the North Carolina Railroad, from Hillsborough to Charlotte, a distance of about 130 miles, the main portion of it being at or near Greensborough. I distributed the officers who were with me to the different points where the troops were stationed, and commenced paroling on the morning of the 1st of May. General Johnston was not willing to have any men paroled but those who were actually present. I have now in my possession the rolls of every company and detachment of men of General Johnston's army who were serving in this State. From these rolls I have made a consolidated report which I send you herewith. * General Johnston tried to faithfully carry out the terms of agreement between himself and Major-General Sherman, but the terribly demoralized condition of his army, resulting from its being hastily disbanded, rendered it exceedingly difficult for him to control it. I think it would have been entirely disorganized but for the anxiety of the men to receive their paroles before going home. As it was, a large number did go home before they were paroled. I think that the number that went off with Generals Wheeler and Hampton and those who went to their homes after cessation of hostilities, together with those who were present, would amount to at least 50,000. I do not know the number of arms that were surrendered. I do not think the number will be equal to four-fifths of the arms-bearing men. Many of the men had broken or thrown away their arms. I am satisfied, however, that the number of arms carried away was not greater than was allowed by the terms of agreement.

The entire army, except the posts at Salisbury and Charlotte, was paroled in two days after we arrived at Greensborough, and commenced to march to their homes on the morning of the 3rd of May.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HARTSUFF,

Bvt. Brigadier General and Asst. Insp. General, Army of the Ohio.

---------------

*Aggregating 36,971 officers and men. But for revised statement, including additional paroles subsequently forwarded to the War Department, see Part I, p. 1066.

---------------

