
[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 12, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army, in connection with all the papers in the matter, and rolls of the officers and men paroled.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Approved and forwarded.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 45. Raleigh, N. C., May 12, 1865.

I. Hereafter commercial intercourse in the State of North Carolina, in articles not contraband of war, will be restricted only by the regulations of the Treasury Department. The following articles are contraband of war, to wit, arms, ammunition, and all articles from which ammunition is manufactured, gray uniforms and cloth, locomotives, cars, railroad iron, and machinery for operating railroads, telegraph wires, insulators, and instruments for operating telegraph lines.

All military restrictions upon trade in articles other than those above enumerated are removed.

II. Hereafter no military tax will be imposed upon citizens for passes or permits of any kind, nor for any other reason whatever, and all orders from whatever source authorizing such taxes are hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 103. Charleston, S. C., May 12, 1865.

I. The One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers will take post at Summerville. Detachments from it will guard the railroad from Charleston to Four Hole Creek.

II. General Hartwell's brigade will take post at Orangeburg, guarding the railroad from that point to Four Hole Creek. Commanders of troops marching through the country will enforce the strictest discipline in their commands. Where it is necessary to take forage for the use of the trains it will be paid for either in money or by account given by the brigade quartermaster. Such accounts will be made strictly in accordance with the regulations for the quartermaster's department, each setting forth the fact that the forage taken has been taken up and accounted for on returns of forage for the month. Any officers or soldiers guilty of molesting the citizens of the country, either in person or property, will be placed in close arrest and charges forwarded to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

