HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 12, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding at Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that instructions have been received from the major-general commanding the department to receive the surrender of yourself and command, together with the stores and public property subject to your orders. I am instructed to demand from you a delivery to me of all arms and public property in the possession or under the control of yourself or the officers and forces under your command. The side arms and private baggage of yourself and officers may be retained. Duplicate rolls of all the officers and men surrendered will be made, one copy to be retained by the commanding officer of such troops, and the other delivered to me. These will be made on forms furnished these headquarters. Each officer and man surrendered to me and paroled will receive a certificate to that effect. (See inclosed form.) After you have surrendered to me all the officers and men under your command, and they have been duly received and paroled, and you have delivered to me al the arms and public property under your control, you will be furnished, together with your staff officers, with transportation to Fortress Monroe, Va., en route for Petersburg. I propose that my adjutant-general (Captain McHenry), chief quartermaster, and ordnance officer, meet such officers as you may designate, at Jacksonville, in order to complete the rolls and necessary papers for the transfer of property. It will be necessary for the offices designated by you to be prepared with the necessary invoices of property, &amp;c., and also correct rolls of the officers and men under your command. After the rolls shall have been copied in the proper form I propose to parole the officers and men at Baldwin.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CERTIFICATE OF PAROLE.

FLORIDA,

-----

--, 1865.

------

------

, of Company --,

------

Regiment, having this day surrendered, by Major General Sam. Jones, commanding Confederate forces in the State of Florida, to Brigadier General Israel Vogdes, commanding U. S. forces in said State, in compliance with a military convention made on April 26, 1865, at Bennett's House, near Durham's Station, N. C., between General Joseph E. Johnston, of the Confederate Army, and Major General W. T. Sherman, U. S. Army, and having given his individual obligation and parole in writing not to take up arms against the United States Government nor to do any act hostile thereto, until properly released from the effect of this obligation in such manner as shall be mutually approved by the respective authorities, he is hereby permitted to return to his home in

-----

. He will not be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as he observes his obligation and the laws in force where he may reside.

By order of Brigadier General I. Vogdes, U. S. Volunteers, commanding U. S. forces in the District of Florida.

