
Parole of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Tallahassee, Fla., May 12, 1865.

I, the undersigned, Sam. Jones, major-general in Provisional Army of the Confederate States, do solemnly swear that I will not take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly released from this obligation. If this parole is not strictly in accordance with the parole given by General J. E. Johnston, C. S. Army, and the officers under his immediate command, I pledge my word to sign another parole when presented to me, which shall be strictly in accordance therewith.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

The above-named Sam. Jones, major-general, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is allowed to return to his home, retaining his side arms, private horses, and baggage, and not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as he observes his obligation and the laws in force where he may reside, and so long as this parole is in effect.

By order of Brigadier General E. M. McCook:

G. W. BURNS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 12, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

Your dispatch has been received. I will visit Washington at once.

W. W. HOLDEN.

SPECIAL HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, FIELD ORDERS, Hanover Court-House, Va., Numbers 115. May 13, 1865.

I. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move to-morrow on the direct road toward Bowling Green, making a distance of at least fifteen miles.

II. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will move to-morrow on the direct road toward Bowling Green, turning to the left near Neatwood's Store, and thence, by the most direct roads west of the Richmond and Potomac Railroad, to Fredericksburg, reaching that point on the 16th instant if possible. The corps will not cross the Rappahannock River until further orders.

III. The section of the pontoon with the Fifteenth Corps will move forward and follow the Seventeenth Army Corps. That section now being used to bridge the Pamunkey will remain until the entire army is across that river, when it will be taken up and follow the Fifteenth Corps. These headquarters will move with the Fifteenth Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

