
at 8 a. m. The head of the Seventeenth Corps arrived on the opposite side of the Pamunkey just as the pontoon was being taken up. They will have a very difficult time crossing, as the bottom is entirely under water. I have good camping ground; will start early if not otherwise directed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. C. WALCUTT,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Anderson's Bridge, North Anna River, May 13, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Spotsylvania Court-House in the same order as to-day, starting at 5 a. m. The portion of the pontoon train not used in the bridge will precede the column, starting at 4. 30 a. m. As soon as the rear of the Third Division shall have passed the bridge will be taken up and the train pushed forward to the head of the column as rapidly as possible.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 13, 1865.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

Ex-Governor D. L. Swain, Mr. D. F. Moore, and Mr. William Eaton, of North Carolina, desire permission to visit you on business connected with the future of the State. They are men of unquestionable loyalty and of great influence. I suppose they represent some shade of political opinion different from that of Mr. Holden and his friends who are going to Washington, but I understand they all agree on the main question of Union and freedom.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, May 13, 1865.

(Received 12. 05 p. m. 14th.)

His Excellency President JOHNSON:

I have been unavoidably detained, but will reach Washington by Thursday evening next. The condition of affairs in this State is cheering. A large majority of the people are delighted on immediate emancipation and are ready for civil government as soon as it can be conveniently established. General Schofield, the department commander, is acting with wisdom and firmness and giving satisfaction to the true men.

With high respect,

W. W. HOLDEN.

