
RALEIGH, May 13, 1865.

(Received 10. 40 a. m. 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I deem it of the greatest importance that post-offices and post-masters be re-established throughout this State as soon as possible. If you approve, will you please bring the matter to the attention of the Postmaster-General?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend to the commanding general that the application heretofore made to the War Department for the promotion of Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, of this corps, be renewed. Colonel Strickland is not only one of our oldest brigade commanders, but the very honorable part he bore during the whole of last year in the campaign of Atlanta and of Nashville fully entitled him to the advancement which was at least twice recommended on his behalf. My own impression was strong that an accidental omission or oversight must have been the cause of his not receiving promotion at the same time with several other brigade commanders of the corps. The recent resignation of General's Reilly and Casement afford the opportunity of recognizing the merits of Colonel Strickland before he shall leave the service, and I feel that I should not do my duty to a deserving officer if I did not again urge attention to his faithful and uncomplaining services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. COMPANY G, NINTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Greensborough, N. C., May 13, 1865.

Lieutenant E. W. WELSTED,

Adjutant Ninth New Jersey Volunteers:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report: In accordance with orders from Major-General Cox, I left Greensborough, N. C., with my company on May 5, 1865, and proceeded by railroad to Salisbury, N. C. ; arrived there at 11 a. m. I left Salisbury at 5 p. m., and was transported by rail to within five miles of Concord, a station twenty-one miles from Charlotte, N. C. The next morning, May 6, I marched to Concord and telegraphed to Charlotte for a train. I received an answer stating that an accident had happened to the downward train, and that no train would run for a day or so. I immediately took up line of march, and that evening encamped thirteenth miles from Charlotte. The next morning I resumed the march and arrived in Charlotte at 5. 30 p. m. I found the town filled with rebel soldiers; raids were made by mobs on stores that had been left by the rebels. Drunkenness and disorder generally had been the order of the day. I immediately issued an order assuming command of the post; also, another prohibiting the sale of all kinds of spirituous liquors. After my arrival

