
good order prevailed. The following is the list of stores taken possession of and guarded by my command: Medical purveyor's establishment, containing a large quantity of medical stores--there being no surgeon in my command I had no means of determining the value of them; the rebel navy-yard, containing a large amount of machinery, iron, &amp;c., most of which had been taken from the Portsmouth (Virginia) Navy-Yard; a number of boxes said to contain the records of the rebel War Department and all the archives of the so-called Southern Confederacy; also, boxes said to contain all the colors and battle-flags captured from the National forces since the beginning of the war; a quantity of naval stores and a quantity of commissary stores; a branch of the U. S. mint was found, containing the machinery connected with it, all in good order. On Friday, the 12th, Brigadier-General Thomas, of the Third Brigade, First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, arrived, relieving me of command of the post. On Friday, at 5 p. m., I received an order by telegraph to report to my regiment without delay. The next day, the 13th, I had my command placed on cars, and reported as regimental headquarters at Greensborough at 4 p. m. the same day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. RUNYAN,

Captain, Commanding Company G, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General E. L. MOLINEUX,

Augusta, Ga.:

The terms of surrender do not entitle paroled prisoners to rations or public transportation, but Lieutenant-General Grant authorizes both to be given where necessary. I have uniformly given rations and transportation on military railroads and Government transports.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 61. Hilton Head, S. C., May 13, 1865.

I. The Districts of Hilton Head and Beaufort are hereby consolidated into one, to be known as the District of Port Royal, with its headquarters at Hilton Head.

II. Brigadier General E. E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Port Royal.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 104. Charleston, S. C., May 13, 1865.

I. So much of paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 103, from these headquarters, as refers to the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers is hereby revoked, and the Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers is hereby substituted therefor.

