HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 13, 1865.

Brigadier-General McCOOK:

GENERAL: I have just received through Colonel Smith, commanding Confederate forces, Baldwin, Fla., a copy of an extract purporting to be from an order issued by General Wilson, in which you are designated as the officer to receive the surrender of the Confederate forces in Tallahassee and vicinity. I inclose herewith a copy of the instructions sent me by Major-General Gillmore,* commanding Department of the South, directing me to receive the surrender of General Jones and all the forces under his command. I have also received the proper blank rolls and certificates of parole, and made the necessary arrangements with General Jones for completing the terms of surrender. As Tallahassee is recognized as being within the limits of the Department of the South, I have the honor to request you to desist from further proceedings in the matter of surrender of troops within the limits of this command, as that duty has been delegated to me under the orders of General Sherman through General Gillmore, and unless you have special instructions from superior authority I cannot recognize your right to receive the surrender of troops within this district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 14, 1865--1 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

Several days ago General Grant, by direction of the President, ordered Schofield to arrest Vance and send him here. He has not complied with the order yet. Jeff. Davis was caught in the woods trying to escape in his wife's clothes, so Wilson reports. Please forward the Sanders papers immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hanover Court-House, Va., May 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that at 5 this a. m., in accordance with instructions received from the major-general commanding, I left my camps of last night and, marching in rear of Major-General Hazen, reached the ground assigned me near Hanover Court-House, going into camp about 12 o'clock to-day.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see Gillmore to Vogdes, May 8, p. 444.

---------------

