
movements of the person he is after, he is the only person who can judge of the reliability thereof. Much must be left to his own discretion and judgment. If there is any chance of success you will please direct him to do everything to accomplish the desired end, but otherwise he is not to prolong his stay unnecessarily. General Cox instructed, as under date of May 9, not to send any troops to Salem, N. C., unless especially ordered. You will please acquaint Captain Brown with this, and direct him not to go to or through Salem unless the person to be arrested is at that place. Should it become necessary for the accomplishment of the object to go or pass through Salem, Captain Brown must keep his men well in hand and not permit them to interfere with the inhabitants or their property.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRATZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 63. Hilton Head, S. C., May 14, 1865.

I. The proclamation of A. G. Magrath, styling himself governor of South Carolina, dated at headquarters, Columbia, S. C., May 2, 1865, declaring that all subsistence stores and the property of the Confederate States, within the limits of the State, should be turned over and accounted for by the agents of the State, appointed for that purpose, and directing that the subsistence and other stores shall be used for the relief of the people of the State; and the proclamation of Joseph E. Brown, styling himself governor of Georgia, dated at the capital of that State, on the 3rd day of May, 1865, requiring the officers and members of the general assembly to meet in extraordinary session at the capitol in Milledgeville, on Monday, the 22nd day of May, 1865; and the proclamation of A. K. Allison, styling himself acting governor of Florida, dated at Tallahassee, on the 8th of April, 1865, giving notice and direction that an election will be held on Wednesday, the 7th day of June, 1865, for governor of the State of Florida, are, each and all of them, declared null and void, it having become known to me, from trustworthy information, that the aforesaid A. G. Magrath, Joseph E. Brown, and A. K. Allison are disloyal to the United States, having committed sundry and divers acts of treason against the same in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. The persons and peoples to whom the proclamations herein above referred to have been respectively addressed are therefore enjoined and commanded to give no need whatever thereto or to any orders, proclamations, commissions, or commands emanating from persons claiming the right to exercise the functions and authority of governor in either of the States of South Carolina, Georgia, or Florida, unless the same shall have been promulgated by the advice or consent of the U. S. authorities.

II. The policy and wishes of the General Government toward the people of these States,which should be pursued by them in resuming or assuming the exercise of their political rights, will doubtless be made known at an early day. It is deemed sufficient, meanwhile, to announce that the people of the black race are free citizens of the United States; that it is the fixed intention of a wise and beneficent Government to protect them in the enjoyment of their freedom and the fruits of their industry, and that it is the manifest and binding duty of all citizens, whites as well as blacks, to make such arrangements and agreements among themselves for compensated

