HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OFTHE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

General EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster, Kinston Bridge:

You will not allow trasportation on either railroad toward the army, excepting caouriers under orders and staff officers bearing dispatches. Direct all officers and men to Wilmington, where they will collect in parties of not less than 500, and threrfrom march to their commands.

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINSTON, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding ilitary Division of the Mississippi:

I have seen Colonel Wright and explained to him yur ordrs. He says it is they only way to supply your army. He desires me to get engines and cars four feet eight and one- half inch guage. I will send the necessary orders to my officers at Wilmington to push the work on the railroad with all possible dispatch, a ndproceed with steamer North and procure the stock for the road at once. Colonel Wright will be at Goldsborough with the train durieng the night.

G. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier- General and Quartermaster.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OFTH EMISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Marhc 24, 1865.

General DODGE,

Quart4ermaster, Morehead City:

Your dispatch received. Tell General Easton to unload and dispatch vessels North as fast as possible, and proceed with all speed to General Grant and he will order the cars and locomotives from Norfolk and elsewhere. Lieutenant Dunn will be down to- night before daylight with dipatches for Geenral Grant. Wait and take him along with you. Remember how valuable time is. We can brignup daily supplies enough, but to move I must have enojgh ahead to fill the wagons.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

KINSTON, March 24, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutat-General, General Sherman's Headquarters:

I have loaded and disptached trains of Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sevententh Corps. Twentieth Corps trainnow loading. More than five days' slubsistence, and shoes, socks, shirts, a n pants to makethe men comfortable have been forwarded. Supplies of clothing, camp and garrrison equipage come freely be water. General Easton has ten large barges, six stema tugs, and a dozen schooners. The railroad will not be availabe fora several days. I will remainhere a day or two, or longer if necessary, and have allthetrains sent fromthe font loaded

