
MOSELEY HALL, N. C., March 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General MCLEAN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: You will please to have the guard so strngthened at the railroad bridge over Berar Creek that the works cannot be carried by assault. If the enemy is moarchign the way, as is rumored, nothing definite being known, I wee no other way but to pitch into them. You have, no doubt, abatis on yuour front, with pits, so that you could leave your wagon trains, amp, &amp;c., quickly and march out. I think the enemy have sent scuts in from Snow Hill. Please allow no citizen to come through your lines unless he is to remain. I think the gaurds on the railroad should be from one regiment; they can be controlled better, rationed, &c. It would be well to have stockades or some means of tdefence at the different detachment headquarters athat there can be no surpise. Please inform General Ruger and myself quickly if you get any information as to the enemy's movements.

Resepactfully,

D. N. COUCH,

Major- General.

(Copy to General Ruger.)

KINSTON, March 28, 1865.

Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL:

Your dispatch was received at 1 o'clock this morning. As yet the enemy have not appeared in front of my lines.

E. HARLAND,

Bigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 28, 1865.

BNrigadier-General REILLY:

GENRAL: The commanding genral directs that as soon as the weather is favaorlabe you send one brigade of your command to make a thourough reonnaissance upon the road where the enemy' cavalry were found yesteday.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servtn,

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS, umbers 67. Faison's Dpot. N. C., March 28, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. Bvt. Major Gne. C. J. Paine, commadign THird Division, Twenty- fifth Army Corps, willdetailone strong regiemtn from his command and send it at once to Warsaw Statin, with orders to intrench themselves and gaurd that portion of the railroad.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

