HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding Second Div., Twenty-third Army Corps, Salisbury, N. C.:

Cavalry has been ordered to the counties indicated in your dispatch of this date. It is reported that the post commandant at Salisbury has in his keeping a number of State records, and the general commanding directs that all such property be forwarded at once to department headquarters at Raleigh.

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, May 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General PALMER,

New Berne:

I think you are right about abandoning Plymouth. It may be necessary to first organize a local police force to protect that part of the country. You are authorized to do as you think best in the matter.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 15, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 10th instant, by Brevet Brigadier-General Woodford, has just been received. Your action in preventing the assembling of Georgia rebels, under pretext of a legislature, is entirely approved. More than a week ago orders were sent to General Wilson to arrest Governor Brown and send him a prisoner to Washington. If this has not been done you will, on receipt of this order, take measures to have him arrested anywhere within your command or reach and sent a close prisoner to this city, allowing him to hold communication with no one, and directing that he be delivered to Major-General Hancock, commanding in this city. You will at the same time seize and secure all papers and correspondence that may be obtained, and forward them to this place. This Department yesterday received information of the arrest of Jefferson Davis, with his staff, and Clement C. Clay and others. They will probably be taken to Savannah, to be sent here by sea. If this should reach you before their arrival or departure you will render every assistance needful to secure their delivery at Fortress Monroe. If necessary they can be placed on a man-of-war or be accompanied by one as convoy, which Admiral Dahlgren will no doubt order on your application. You are authorized to take any measures necessary to enable the officers having them in charge to bring them safely to Fortress Monroe, at which point the officer in charge will remain and report to Major-General Halleck, who will receive instructions on the subject from this Department. The officer will also report to me by telegram his arrival at Hampton Roads. It is said that Davis' wife and family accompany him. You will not allow them to come North, but will require them to remain where they are, within your command, until further orders. These prisoners are to be dealt with a criminals and enemies of the Government of the most dengerous character.

