
No consideration should control you in their secure delivery at Fortress Monroe to the officers who may be assigned to receive them. You will accept the thanks of the Department for your prompt action and correct judgment in dealing with the Georgia rebel legislature. All rebels who may present themselves as members of the legislature, or who may assume to exercise any function or power, civil, political, or military, under the late rebel Government, you will arrest as persons still engaged in insurrection against the authority of the United States, confine them securely in prison, and report for further instructions.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, May 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General MOLINEUX,

Augusta, Ga.:

By agreement between General Johnston and myself, the field transportation of his army was to be loaned to the troops for their march home and for subsequent use in their industrial pursuits. It may be called in whenever the quartermaster's department may require it, but the intention was that the men have the use of the teams to make a crop this season. The arms were to be disposed of as the commanding general of the department may direct. They ought not to be taken home by the men indiscriminately.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 15, 1865.

General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Florida:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant, and in reply I have to state that previous to receiving it I had addressed a communication to the commanding officer at Baldwin notifying him that I was prepared to receive the surrender of himself and troops in accordance with the conditions agreed upon between Generals Sherman and Johnston. Rolls are now being made out and I will parole them and all other forces in that part of Florida within the limits of the Department of the South, which I understand to include all except Pensacola and the Keys, constituting, it I am correctly informed, your late command. I have referred the action of General McCook to the commanding officer of the department. The paroles required in the form submitted to me differ somewhat from those required by General McCook. I send inclosed a copy of the parole required. * I understand that the authority to grant transportation to Petersburg for yourself and staff includes all of your military property and personal baggage exempt from capture by the terms of surrender.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 485.

---------------

