HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Fredericksburg, May 16, 1865.

General WEBSTER,

Hdqrs. Military Division of the Mississippi, Alexandria:

The Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps will approach Alexandria on Friday by the road from Warrenton; the Fifteenth and Seventeenth by road south of the Manassas Railroad. I will start to-morrow early for Dumfries, Wolf Creek Shoals, and Alexandria, and reach there about 9 or 10 a. m. of Friday. I expect you have an office in town. I will go into camp at some permanent place, say near the Seminary, a mile or two outside the town. The telegraph wire is now down from here into Washington, and if you get this you may answer to-night; otherwise answer me at Stafford Court-House, Dumfries, or any of the intermediate stations.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 116. Near Fredericksburg, Va., May 16, 1865.

I. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will cross the Rappahannock, near the mouth of Deep Creek, and move toward Alexandria via Stafford Court-House, Dumfries, and Occoquan, and roads to the left, when it will not interfere with the Seventeenth Corps.

II. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will move toward Alexandria via Stafford Springs and Wolf Run. The army will endeavor to complete the march on the 19th instant, and will encamp near the city to the south of the Manassas and Alexandria Railroad. An officer from these headquaters will designate the grounds for each corps. These headquarters will accompany the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Massaponax River, Va., May 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that in accordance with orders received from the major-general commanding, I moved out of camp at 4. 30 this morning and marched on the direct Fredericksburg road via Bowling Green to the camp-ground assigned me on the Massaponax River, within five miles of Fredericksburg, making a distance of twenty-four miles from my camp of last night. My troops were comfortably in camp on the north bank of the river at 3 o'clock this afternoon. My headquarters are established about the center of my command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

