
The artillery and corps supply train will have the positions in the column as heretofore. The pontoon train will march with the Third Division.

By command of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

It is very important to have the rebel War Department papers here immediately for use on the present trials. Please send Colonel Cutts immediately to General Schofield for the papers, and direct him to bring them here with the utmost dispatch. General Schofield, on delivery of a copy of this telegram, will regard it as instructions to him to turn over the papers to Colonel Cutts, to be brought here, and I also send herewith a special order to your care for the same purpose. What has become of the Bev. Tucker papers mentioned in your telegram day before yesterday?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding in North Carolina:

(Care General Halleck, Richmond.)

Please turn over to Colonel Cutts, to be brought here immediately, all the rebel War Department papers and correspondence recently captured by you, and all papers or correspondence relating to the rebellion or the operations of the rebel Government in Richmond that may be in your possession. Also give Colonel Cutts transportation and every facility to get here with the papers as speedily as possible. What has become of Zeb. Vance?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, May 16, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I have all the archives of the late rebel War Department, including all the army muster-rolls, officers' reports, captured flags, &amp;c. They amount to about two car-loads. What shall I do with them?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 16, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Box up all captured Confederate papers, flags, &c., and send them to C. A. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War, Washington. Preserve every

