
paper, however unimportant it may appear. We have the key to their ciphers. Important links of testimony have thus been discoyered here of the Canadian plot.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH, May 16, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

The President's proclamation of March 26, 1864, excepts from the benefits of his amnesty proclamation all persons in prison, on parole, or under duress. This exception may properly be said to apply to everybody in the South at this time. At least it applies to all paroled officers and soldiers. What is the policy of the Government on this subject?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, May 16, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I find upon inquiry there are in each country about fifty justices of the peace sworn in, and over 100 in each county more who have been appointed by the legislature and not sworn in. Will it not be impracticable under these circumstances to carry out your wishers? I would suggest that an order be published and circulated requiring each justice of the peace to report to the nearest military, take the oath of allegiance, and then proceed the same as formerly.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, May 16, 1865.

Major-General COX,

Greensborough:

I fear it will not be safe to permit all justices of the peace who may take the oath to continue in office. In view of their duties at elections I thought it wiser to select a sufficient number of the most layal. If you can select ten or twelve good men in each county it will answer the purpose.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlette, N. C., May 16, 1865.

Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding corps, that I arrived here and established my headquaters on the evening of the 13th. Portions of the division have arrived from time to time until now nearly the whole division is here. I have

