
been issuing such orders and regulations as I have thought proper for the maintenance of order. I find the citizens generally disposed to accept the new situation without complaint, and apparently desirous of resuming a condition of peace and observance of law. This region of country was strongly rebel, however. I have given the necessary orders and taken proper steps for the speedy collection of all property claimed by the rebel or State authorities. There are considerable stores, principally medical and naval. There is no evidence, so far as I have been able to ascertain, of the movements of Jeff. Davis in this vicinity, except that he was entertained at the house of a Mr. Bates, and left, going westward, two weeks ago last Thursday. Whether there is any reason for believing that he left the party and took another direction I have not been able to ascertain. I have observed on the part of one or two, when the matter of his escape was spoken of, an expression of countenance indicative of relief in his escape, although nothing was said which could be construed as showing knowledge. I shall be ready in a day or two to attend to the matter of making an effort to organize the police force in the counties surrounding, according to the order of Major-General Schofield, commanding department. I wish to charge the officers on this duty with that of collecting arms and distributing orders important for the citizens to have knowledge of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 16, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: My attention has just been called to the matter of the discovery and secretion of gold by the Tenth Ohio Cavalry near the machine-shops below Greensborough, and the farce of an investigation made by Captain Brink. A few moments' conversation with the officers implicated shows the whole affair to have been of the most disgraceful character. No real effort appears to have been made by the officers of the regiment to secure the money, and there is strong to believe that Captain Brink received a bribe of $2,000 to hush the matter up. He now has about that amount in his possession, or, as he says, in his trunk at Lexington. Other officers acknowledge having considerable sums in their possession, and there is strong evidence that one of them at least has disposed of a considerable amount. How is it that no effective steps have been taken to do justice in the matter? I desire you to disarm and place under close guard all the men of the two companies said to have been engaged in the affair, and arrest all officers who have failed to do their duty in restoring the property. Also take all possible steps to recover the money. There is said to have been about $60,000 in coin taken. Certainly so large a sum cannot have been disposed of. Do not let the disgrace of such an affair as this attach to your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

