HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, May 16, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

Commanding District of Beaufort, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant concerning applications for the restoration of property, and am directed by the commanding general to say in reply that in his opinion when captured or abandoned property has been turned over to the Treasury Department it cannot be reclaimed by the military commander unless it be required for military use. Matters of trade are entirely in the hands of the Treasury agents. All military restrictins are removed except as to articles contraband of war. Army officers have nothing to do with the settlement of claims to property seized by Treasury agents for violation of trade regulations. If citizens are aggrieved they must apply to the Secretary of the Treasury for redress. Property still held by the army may be returned at the discretion of the commanding officer if no longer required for military use. But army officers cannot settle any question of confiscation. The desire of the commanding general is that officers have as little as possible to do with such matters. The particular paper you refer to was not inclosed in the letter received, or if inclosed was lost out in opening the letter at this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUATERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., May 16, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Block, Squadron, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th [11th?] instant, with reference to the steamers Amazon and Governor Troup. I received at the same time a communication to the same effect from Captain Reynolds, inclising orders to the officers in charge of those vessels, which has been referred to Captain Kelly, assistant quatermaster, chief of marine transportation, with orders to forward the inclosures and execute receipts as requested in your letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUATERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,

Hilton Head, S. C., May 16, 1865.

Colonel G. W. BAIRD,

Commanding Post of Beaufort.

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the following instructions be given for your guidance: You will furnish a garrison of two companies for the post at Edisto Island, which will be embraced in your command. A small detachment of one commissioned officer and twenty men will be stationed at Port Royal Ferry. They

33 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III.

