
will guard the pontoons collected at that point and watch the river above and below. Particular attention will be paid to keeping up the discipline and efficiency of the troops. Battalion and company drills will be regularly held, and care will be taken that the provost and other guard be well instructed in their duties, and that their arms, accouterments, and clothing be in the best condition. The report of field officer of the day will be forwarded daily to these headquarters. In view of the approach of the sickly season you willl give close attention to the policing of the town of Beaufort and the different camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. BALDWIN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUATERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,

Hilton Head, S. C., May 16, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General M. S. LITTLEFIELD,

Commanding Post of Hilton Head:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the following instructions be given for your guidance: Your command will embrace the Islands of Hilton Head, Saint Helena, Bull, and Daufuskie, on each of which such small detachments will be posted as may be necessary for the security of the residents against the attacks of guerrillas and for the preservation of order. Particular attention will be paid to maintaining the discipline and efficiency of the troops. Care will be taken that the different guards be well instructed in their duties, and that their arms, accouterments, and clothing be in the best condition. The report of field officer of the day will be forwarded daily to these headquarters. In view of the approach of the sickly season you will give close attention to the police of the post of Hilton Head, the village of Mitchelville, and the different camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. BALDWIN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 16, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have found it necessary to send a force of seventy-five men of the Third U. S. Colored Troops to Baldwin to guard the property proposed to be surrendered until I can transport it to this place. I have given them instructions to confine themselves exclusively to guarding the property and to preserve the strictest discipline, not to interfere with citizens in any way unless attacked, and it be necessary to protect the public property. I hope the railroad will soon be prepared to Baldwin so that I can transfer the stores to this point. I learn that there are some forces at Lake City and Waldo, and other points, which it will be necessary to parole. There will be some men necessarily absent from their commands. These I propose to require a descriptive list of from their several commanders, so that when they

