
that order, and marched to Fredericksburg, crossed the Rappahannock River and went into campt on Aquia Creek at 5 p. m., having made a distance of twenty miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Potomac Run, Va., May 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following movements of my division this instant: Breaking camp at 5 a. m., I moved upon old stage road from Mill Creek to Potomac Run, a distance of twenty-three miles, via Fredericksburg, Va., crossing the Massaponax and Rappahannock Rivers, and going into bivouac on Potomac Run at 6 p. m. The march of my column was very much retarded during the day by the trains of the troops in advance being compelled to halt an hour at the Massaponax, and again for more than that time at Hazel Run, in the suburbs of Fredericksburg. A serious detention was also experienced when near the stream on which my troops are encamped by the trains of both of the leading divisions of this corps being parked and drawing into the road in advance of my column, thus cutting it off from the ground designated for night bivouac, and compelling the men, already wearied by the severe march of the day, to move a long distance through the dust of the train column in order to pass the same and make camp before dark. My march will be continued at 5 a. m. to-morrow via Stafford Court-House.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 126. Inthe Field, Va., May 17, 1865.

The command will move forward to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock as follows: The pontoon train will have the advance. The First Michigan Engineers, Major M. Grant commanding, will follow the pontoon, train. The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding will follow the First Michigan Engineers. The Third Division, Brigadier General R. K. Scott commanding, will follow the Fourth Division. The First Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the Third Division.

By order of Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Brentsville, Va., May 17, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow toward Alexandria in the following order: Third Division, First Division, Second Division. The artillery and corps supply trains will have their usual places in the

