HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 17, 1865.

Colonel T. W. SANDERSON,

Commanding Tenth Ohio Cavalry:

You will please collect together, with as little delay as practicable, all of the money or other valuable property dug up the Company's Shops near Greensborough by men of your regiment, as far as it may be in your power, and turn same over to Colonel J. F. Boyd, chief quatermaster. Where the coin has been exchanged for currency the latter must be turned over. You will bemand of all persons having any of the money referred to in their possession, or under their control, no matter by what means they procured it, that they deliver it to you at once, and will take such proper steps as may be necessary to enforce the demand. You will keep a list of the persons from whom you may receive money under this order, the amount received from each, and such explanation as each person may choose to make, as to how and from whom he received the money, and report to me all your transactions under this order. During your temporary absence you may intrust the execution of this order to the officer who remains in command of your regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 56. Raleigh, N. C., May 17, 1865.

Gratuitous issues of rations to citizens will cease on and after the 31st of May instant. The surplus commissary stores in this department will be sold to citizens at the various military posts in small quantities for family use. Sales will be made by any post commissary upon the order of the post commander, which order will be based upon an oath of the person desiring to purchase, that the supplies purchased shall not be resold, but shall be used by his or her own family, or be given to the poor. All persons must take the oath of allegiance before being permitted to purchase. The prices will be fixed by the chief commissary, and will be such as to cover the actual cost to the Government, including the cost of transportation.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., May 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding corps, that quiet prevails in this region. Yesterday a dispatch was received by the post commander here (Colonel Warner), from Captain Dow, provost-marshal at corps headquarters, on Colonel Warner's inquity concerning a copy of a dispatch received by him from Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, provost-marshal at army headquarters, in substance that transportation would only be given over

