
private roads to officers and men of U. S. forces traveling under orders. It does not appear that the order has any sanction of authority, and I wish, therefore, information as to whether transportation is to be furnished refugees; also whether rebel soldiers are entitled to transportation over such roads. I do not know the exact terms of the surrender of Johnston's army, but if I remember rightly, in the case of Lee's army, there was an order for transportation by Lieutenant-General Grant. Orders of general interest to the people are not received by me in sufficient numbers for distribution. There is a newspaper establishment here that I have used to some extent, but do not feel authorized under present circumstances in taking possession of it more than other private property. The work of collecting arms and other property is being attended to. The amount of medicial stores will be considerable; also what are here known as naval stores. In the latter class is quite a large quantity of machinery. Some of it, a small portion, I am told was taken from the navy-yard at Norfolk, but most of it was made by the rebels. It would be valuable to this part of the country, particularly the railroad companies. It was turned over to them by the Government for debt, but of course the transfer was not legal. It should be sold South; it would be of much use here. It is under guard. There will also be considerable cotton. The officer in charge of the collection of property other than ordnance stores reports some 200 bales. The commissary stores will not be large, and I intend to use them for issue to those who are entitled to have retions issued. The matter of issue of rations to citizens I have restricted to cases of want, which apparently cannot be remedied by the persons themselves-citizens who have thus far lived through the war and can still live, if they will work. I shall forward inventories of the different classes of property so soon as it can be collected and assorted. The proper reports to the staff department will as soon as possible be made, so that it can be shipped or stored here, as may be deemed best. In the orders thus far there are no particular territorial limits designated for my special sphere of duty, and, as to that, perhaps not for that of the corps. It would in some respects be satisfactory to have a dividing line between my division and the Second Division, or cavalry north of here. I was informed to-day of a report to the post commander by a man recently from Newberry, S. C., which place is some seventy miles from here, that one Bush, a planter and formerly rebel soldier and deserter, was trying to organize a band for, as he said, first, destroying of all Government property he could find and killing every Yankee he could, and for fighting such parties as he could handle. I will try to find out if there is any truth in the matter. A brigade of cavalry could, I think, be better employed down in that region and about Columbia than in North Carolina, provided it could be subsisted. Georgia W. Jones did not live here, and I have only just been able to find his whereabouts, which is twenty-five miles from here. I have given orders to send for him at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S. -Since the above was written I have received orders for the police organization of Anson, Union, Mecklenburg, Gaston, and Cleveland Couties. I shall start the parties to-morrow.

