HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 17, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. COOPER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Instructions having been received from the major-general commanding the department that there be in each county in this district from among the magistrates who have been commissioned and qualified twelve selected who will accept the office and take the oath of allegiance to the United States, those should be selected who are Union men and can be relied upon to conduct the elections of their precincts. It is important that they reside in different portions of the county. You are directed to send an efficient officer to each of the following-named counties-Rowan, Iredell, Stanly, and Montgomery-to execute the above instructions, and report the names of the persons selected in each county as soon as possible. Attention is also called to General Orders, Numbers 35, from Department of North Carolina, dated May 4, 1865.

By command of Major-General Cox:

TRIS. T. DOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

WASHINGTON, May 17, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

Your communication of the 29th ultimo, relating to the north end of Hilton Head Island, is received. All the lands on the north end of Hilton Head Island bordering upon Port Royal Harbor, S. C., and now reserved for military purposes, will be permanently occupied by the Government for such purpose until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 17, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE:

GENERAL: Persons from the interior constantly arriving represent the State as thoroughly subdued and a general disposition for peace and quiet. The only question appears to be as to slavery. At present, when all are depresed, an announcement from you that slavery has ceased, and a call upon all well-disposed persons to aid by their support [in] making fair contracts for labor with the freedmen would receive attention. General Hartwell's brigade will all be in Branchville to-morrow. Colonel Haughton's regiment goes there to-day. Friday the brigade will be in Orangeburg. Mr. Magrath, brother of the governor and president of the road to Columbia (Central), took the oath of allegiance to-day, as did also the president of the Northeastern Railroad, and the superintendent of the road from Florence to Cheraw. All express a desire that the policy of the Government shall be declared in South Carolina as it has been in North Carolina by Schofield. I am also afraid that if you do not move soon in this matter Saxton will be getting out somerthing on the subject. I send this down by special boat, as I think it important.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

