
P. S. -A train of wagons loaded with citizens is just received from Columbia. The people of that place are starning. If a light-draft boat could be sent to them to transport provisions it would be of great assistance. Can you not come here for a day or two? I have a good room for you.

J. P. H.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,Hilton Head, S. C., May 17, 1865.

Colonel G. W. BAIRD,

Commanding Post of Beaufort:

Instruct Lieutenant-Colonel Guernsey to send detachments to any point within twenty miles of Pocotaligo where guerrillas may be found or where disturbances may occur. Direct him also to advise the negroes to remain at home whenever they can make fair terms with their former owners as to wages. Let the masters understand that the negroes are unconditionally free, and the only way in which their labors can be obtained is by offering them a fair equivalent, either in money or in a share of the corps. The telegraph is in working order to Garden's Corners. Has the steam-boat reported to you to go to Blair's Landing?

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 17, 1865.

Major-General GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: In order that the education of the children of Savannah may commence at once, you are directed to start the three free schools contemplated in your General Orders, Numbers 29, current series, under the superintendency of Mr. Cann, leaving the composition of the board of education and all other details to be arranged after my return from Florida. These details will be arranged in conformity to the principles set forth in my letter to you of the 10the instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 18, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Hdqrs. Alexandria, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteer organizations of white troops in your command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service. The musters out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th instant, form this office. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State, to veteran regiments when practicable, and when not practicable to regiments having the longest term to serve. It is proper to

