
from intercepted correspondence between holders of cotton in the interior and their agents and friends in Savannah and Charleston. The parties holding and controlling large lots of cotton as a general rule, believing that the war is near its close and that it behooves them to look out for their own interests while there is yet time, had much rather exchange it for U. S. currency than for supplies upon which they would not be able to realize anything of greater value than Confederate notes. I have reason to believe that there is a very considerable amount of cotton held or controlled by persons entertaining these views so located at the present time that it can rach our lines without the knowledge of the rebel military authorities. It is more particularly with regard to cotton thus circumstanced and parties thus disposed that I have thought it my duty to address you upon this subject. The question is, can Special Orders, Numbers 48, be so interpreted or amended as to allow "the purchase of the products of insurrectionary States" by Treasury agents for cash in South Carolina and Georgia, excluding the seller from the privilege of taking any supplies whatever into their interior? I inclose copies of the only orders issued from these headquarters upon the subject of trade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., March 28, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose what purports to be an order from the Department of State, cut from a newspaper. The order is a very important one, and bears upon a large number of persons in this city, if taken literally as it reads. I would respectfully ask to be informed if any action shall be taken upon it before the reception of the official copy, and also if any exceptioins shall be taken from the literal reading of the order, which, as it stands, makes no exception in the cases of those who may have heretofore taken the amnesty oath. I would request to be infomred if General Grant's Special Orders, Numbers 13, shall go into effect before the reception of the official order, and also if it is construed to suspend operations in cotton entered upon Treasury permits having the indorsement of the President. And also if under that order such latitude can be allowed to persons bringing in provisions for sale under the order of General Sherman as will allow them to take out with them trifling articles for househodl use, such persons, of course, living in a prt of the country not frequented by armed rebels.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Disloyal citizens and blockade-runners. -Important order.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, March 14, 1865.

The President directs that all persons who now are, or hereafter shall be, found within the United States, who have been engaged in holding intercourse or trade with the insurgents by sea, if they are

