HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 18, 1865.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding the division directs me to say to you that he wishers you to detail one regiment to be ready to be sent to the two counties east of this. He desires the commanding officer of the regiment which you may designate to report at these headquarters at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning for instructions. Orders will probably be ready for him to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. HALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully request the return of the letter of General Sherman to General Rawlins of the 29th ultimo, which was sent to the War Department through mistake. It inclosed a letter to me which Sherman requested might be forwarded and publication asked.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The letter of General Sherman to General Rawlins, dated Goldsborough, April 29, 3 a. m., and referred to me by your indorsement, dated May 15, is herewith returned, as requested by your note of this evening, received at 7. 35 p. m. General Sherman's letter, forwarded by you, was received by me on the afternoon of the 17th, and permission to General Sherman to publish it indorsed thereon, of which you were informed the same evening, and when you expressed your wish to withdraw it as having been sent to the Department through mistake, I desired time for consideration. As your request is now repeated, I return the letter with assent to its publication, directing a copy to be retained on the files of the Department, so that General Sherman may have any benefit it can afford him. The letter which you mention as having been inclosed to you has not been received at this Department, and I do not understand from your letter that it was transmitted.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, Va., May 19, 1865.

President JOHNSTON:

DEAR SIR: I am just arrived. I have traveled a part of the way with each of my four corps, and this is the day all should halt within four miles of Alexandria. I have also this moment received orders for review on Wednesday next. This will keep me busy, and I write this as an excuse for not hastening up to pay you my cordial and personal

