
RALEIGH, N. C., May 19, 1865-8 p. m.

General COX:

The Secretary of War directs that Mr. L. F. Bates, superintendent of the Southern Express Company, be sent to him in Washington at once, on important business. Mr. Bates is at Charlotte Cut-Off. Send an officer to conduct him to Washington, to insure his reaching that place speedily and with certainty. I do not think that is to be arrested or that there is any charge against him, but his presence in Washington quickly is important. Answer.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, May 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

I gave instructions to General Kilpatrick to have the State records brought in by the party sent for Governor Vance, and supposed they had been sent to Raleigh with him. I will make inquiry of General Kilpatrick and advise you further when I hear from him.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., May 19, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry, Lexington, N. C.:

General Schofield desires to know if the records of the State carried off by Governor Vance were brought in by the party that was sent out for that purpose by you. Please answer.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 19, 1865.

Rev. Mr. TUCKER,

Methodist Episcopal Church, Greensborough, N. C.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to present his compliments, and say that the colored people who have been in the habit of holding their class-meetings in rooms assigned them in your church building express a fear that they may not hereafter be allowed to do so. The general commanding presumes that you will readily agree with him that the cultivation of religious sentiments among all classes is an object greatly to be desired by all thinking persons, and more especially at this time of civil and military turmoil. He desires, therefore, that the portion of your church heretofore placed at the service of the colored people be still continued as their meeting place for public worship, unless by so doing it would inconvenience your own congregation. An early reply is desired, in order that those personally interested may know before the coming Sunday where they are to meet.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

