
WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE, Hilton Head:

The troops sent to your command were intended for such distribution as you thought proper, and to enable you to carry out orders for mustering out troops. Muster out all volunteer light artillery in your department. If you need other companies inform me, and I will order regular companies from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIRTICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 110. Charleston, S. C., May 19, 1865.

* * * * * * *

IV. The following instructions are hereby ordered for the officer in command of the intrenchments: All persons coming into the lines who have not taken the oath of allegiance will be sent under guard to the officer of the district provost-marshal, and in cases where they come in after 3 p. m. be detained at the intrenchments until the following morning. All horses, mules, or wagons marked U. S. or C. S. that may come in or attempt to go out in the possession of either paroled prisoners or civilians will be seized and sent to the office of the district provost-marshal, unless the person or persons having the same in possession can furnish satisfactory proof that the property is retained by proper aurthority. The officer in charge of the guard will send in a morning report to Captain Pratt, provost-marshal, Northern District, Department of the South, of all persons who pass and repass the intrenchments, and by what authority.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

E. HARRIS JEWETT,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUMMERVILLE, S. C., May 19, 1865.

Captain PERRY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Fifty-fifth Massachusetts left for Orangeburg at 10 o'clock this morning. The Twenty-fifth Ohio is at Orangeburg repairing the trestle-bridges this side. One mile and a half of track this side is to be repaired. The Fifty-fourth New York will start to-morrow morning. I have sent three staff officers to Orangeburg; one officer with Major Nutt, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts, who took the artillery wagons and ambulances, with six companies of infantry and four days' rations, yesterday morning. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops is at Branchville, which place contains some laft dozen houses, and I think will not be a healthy location for many troops. My rations are poor, some of the hard bread being marked I. C. My commissary is in Charleston trying to get rations up to-day. I turn over the command at Summerville to Colonel Van Wyck to-day. I expect to be in Orangedurg with everything by noon to-morrow. Estimates of material required to repair track will be sent to-day. A train can run from Orangeburg to connect with Charleston trains at Summerville each day.

A. S. HARTWELL,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

