HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 19, 1865.

[Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have just had an interview with General Gillmore, commanding the Department of the South, and that he has instructed me to inform you that he has applied to Washington to have the limits of his department strictly defined. In the meantime, decming it important that there should be uniformity in the civil and military administration of the State, he must, until otherwise instructed, regard you as being within the limits of his department and of this district, and therefore requests that you will carry out the instructions that may from time to time be sent to you from these headquarters. It is not expected that you will make any returns for the present of the force under your command, nor is it intended to interfere with your leaving the district under orders from General Wilson; but I request if you have any orders to move that you will delay until I can send a garrison to Tallahassee, which will be in a few days. I inclose you an order from General Gilmore. * He requests that you will telegraph the same to commanding officer at Milledgeville and Columbia, S. C. Should you want any supplies for your troops I will take great pleasure in sending them them to you as far as my supply extends and transportation admits of. This inclodes clothing as well as commissary supplies and forage, but I fear this last cannot be supplied at this present moment. The officer I shall send to Tallahassee will receive instructions from me, but in all military matters will report to you.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., May 19, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding at Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Gillmore to inform you that he expects the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 63, herewith inclosed,* strictly carried out. You are requested to circulate the same as far as possible. You will not recognize the so-called governor, or any officers purporting to act under his orders, as having any authority whatever.

Should they not desist from exercising their usurped authority, your will arrest them and send them under guard to this place.

You can inform the people that they are a liberty to purchase, for their own and family use, any kind of supplies, not prohibited in the President's order as contraband goods, at Jacksonville or Fernandina, from any of the authorized dealers.

Persons desirous of opening stores, or continuing trade, will be required to take the prescribed oath of allegiance. Inclosed you will find a copy. Regulations for trade will be published hereafter. It is the intention of the Government to offer all facilities to the loyal population,

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 63, May 14, p. 498.

---------------

