
lation, but at the same time it acknowledges for the present no authority but its own, as expressed through the military authorities. All other organizations claiming to act are usurpations, and if persevered in will lead to the trial and punishment of the parties by military commissions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 20, 1865.

Brigadier General LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Quartermaster, &amp;c.:

I have long contemplated writing you and expressing my satisfaction with the manner in which you have discharged the very responsible and difficult duties of superintendent of river and railroad transportation for the armies both in the West and East. The position is second in importance to no other connected with the military service, and to have been appointed to it at the beginning of a war of the magnitude and duration of this one, and holding it to its close, providing transportation for whole armies, with all that appertains to them, for thousands of miles, adjusting accounts involving millions of money, and doing justice to all, never delaying for a moment any military operations dependent upon you, meriting and receiving the commendation of your superior officers, and the recognition of Government for integrity of character and for able and efficient manner in which you have filled it, evinces an honesty of purpose, knowledge of men, business intelligence, and executive ability of the highest order, and of which any man might be justly proud. Wishing you a speedy return to health and duty.

I remain, yours, truly,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Alexandria, Va., Numbers 71. May 20, 1865.

I. To make the review ordered for this army in the city of Washington on Wednesday, May 24, the two wings, without knapsacks, and with two days' cooked retions in haversacks, will during Tuesday close well upon the Long Bridge, the Right Wing in advance. On Wednesday at break of day the troops will move out of bivouac by the right flank, and march until the head of column is closed up to Capitol grounds, and then mass as close as possible east of the canal ready to march according to Special Orders, Numbers 239, Adjutant-General's Office, May 18, by close columns of companies, right in front, guide left, by the route prescribed. When the companies fall below fifteen files the battalions will form columns by divisions. At 9 a. m. precisely a signal gun will be fired by the leading battery, when the head of column will march around the Capitol down Pennsylvania avenue, and past the reviewing stand in front of the President's House, and thence to the new camps or to a bivouac, according to the pleasure of the army commanders. All colors will be unfurled from the Capitol to a point beyond the President's reviewing stand. The general-in-chief will ride at the head of column and take post near the reviewing officer. The commanders of each army, corps, and division, attended by one staff

