
officer, will dismount after passing the general-in-chief and join him whilst his army, corps, or division is passing, when he will remount and join his command. Officers commanding regiments and above, will present swords on passing the reviewing officer, but company officers will make no salutes. Brigade bands and consolidated field music will turn out and play as the brigade passes the reviewing officer, but will be careful to cease playing in time for the music of the succeeding band to be heard. One band per division may play during the march from the Capitol to the Treasury builing. The colors of each battalion will salute by drooping in passing the stand, and the field music will make the three ruffles without interrupting the "march" of the band. Should intervals occur in the columns, care will be taken that divisions pass the reviewing stand compactly, and if the passage of the bridge braw out the columns the march will be continued with as little interruption as possible at full distance. Army commanders will make all subordinate arrangements as to guides, &amp;c.

II. Army commanders may at once select new camps east of the Potomac, the Right Wing above Washington and Left lying below, and make arrangements with the quartermaster's department to collect fuel, forage, &c., in advance, at their new camps, and may march thereto direct from the review by routes that will not interrupt the progress of the columns behind. The wagon trains, with camp equipage and knapsacks, can follow the day after the review.

III. Mustering officers will see at once to the preparation of rolls for pay and discharge of the organizations and men that are to be discharged under existing orders of the War Department, but no discharged will be made out till after the review.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 58. Alexandria, Va., May 20, 1865.

* * * * * * *

V. Captain Thomas B. Swearingen, assistant-general, U. S. Volunteers, having, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 207, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, May 5, 1865, reported to these headquarters, is assigned to duty with the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and will forthwith report accordingly.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

FIELD ORDERS, Near Alexandria, Va., May 20, 1865.

The division will march to-morrow at 4 a. m. Reveille will be sounded here at 2. 30 o'clock. Order of march: Advance guard, pioneers, Third Brigade, division headquarters, First Brigade, Second Brigade, trains of the brigades, arranged as the troops, ambulance and supply trains.

* * * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

