
WASHINGTON, May 20, 1865.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

Certain papers of Messrs. Johnson and Behr have been referred to these headquarters by the Secretary of War, from which it appears that a provost court, established by your order, is exercising jurisdiction over civil matters and other subjects not pertaining to military operations. The jurisdiction and authority of such courts have been investigated and reported upon by the Judge-Advocate-General, and held by him to be void and unauthorized by any law. You will therefore issume immediately upon receipt of this revoking all orders empowering provost courts or any other military tribunals to adjudge or in any manner pass upon cases of purely a civil character that may have been issued by you or that may be in existence in your department and correcting as far as possible any abuses of authority that may have been had by such courts and unauthorized military tribunals.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, May 20, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

The rebel War Department records left New Berne on Thursday, the 18th instant, on steamer John Tracy, in charge of Colonel Treat, of my staff. The steamer will touch at Fortress Monroe.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 20, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General COX,

Greensborough:

The Secretary of War is informed that Jeff. Davis, while at Charlotte, exulted over the murder of President Lincoln and expressed the wish that Vice-President Johnson should also be killed. Please investigate the matter throughly and report the facts. If the report prove correct send the witnesses to Washington.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, May 20, 1865-7 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The person referred to in your dispatch as having heard Jeff. Davis exult over the murder of President Lincoln is the same person ordered to be sent to Washington in accordance with your dispatch of yesterday p. m.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

