
RALEIGH, May 20, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

General COX:

Please have careful inquiry made for other witnesses to Jeff. Davis' talk about the murder of President Lincoln. Have you seen Mr. Bates? Doubtless he can give the names of other witnesses.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 20, 1865.

Brevet Major-General RUGER,

Commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 17th instant. The question of transportation is one wherein there seems to be so many conflicting orders that it has been referred to department headquarters for decision. The provost-marshal will be instructed to give no orders hereafter save through the office of the assistant adjutant-general. In reference to orders of general interest to the people they be published in the newspapers, or printed in large type and posted through the town by the provost-marshal, and the expenses paid by the guartermaster's department. Arrangements are being made by the medical director of the corps for the disposition of the medical stores now at Charlotte. Naval and quartermaster's stores should be forwarded to the chief quartermaster at this place, with invoices. Cotton should be carefully stored and guarded until the Treasury agent can take possession of it. You will please have the machinery guarded and inventories forwarded, in order that the general commanding the department may know exactly what it consists of and order the disposal accordingly. Orders from department headquarters have been forwarded to you prohibiting the issue of rations to citizens after the 31st instant, and until that time the issue will be made only to the absolutely destitute, and in a small quartities as possible. Territorial limits have not been as yet assigned to the division, for the reason, as you suppose, none have been assigned to the corps; but it is expected that the cavalry will soon be withdrawn from this vicinity for operations elsewhere; then, no doubt, specific limits will be assigned to the corps, and from these headquarters to the several divisions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CO. H, FIFTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFTY,Catawba Station, N. C., May 20, 1865.

Captain C. A. CILLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Div., 23rd Army Corps, Salisbury, N. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of what transpired during the time I have taken command of this place. I arrived with my company at Catawba Station at 4 p. m. May 18, 1865, but was unable to report to A. M. Powell, as directed in my order, on account of his absence. I did, however, report through a messenger immediately after my arrival. I was then informed that during the night of the 13th

