
of May a party of thieves had robbed the Western North Carolina Railroad Company of about 1,200 pounds of bacon. I immediately, after this being reported to me, made arrangements to follow the party and capture them if possible. I started out with thirty men at 12 o'clock in taking a part of the gang, if not all. I brought them to this station at 12 m. on the 19th day of May. Every one of them has acknowledged to me that they are the thieves, and I do therefore forward them to you as directed. I inclose a full list of their names. I also took a carbine out of the house of P. Kale, one of the party, and am informed that a number of different arms are in this vicinity belonging to the United States Government. I will have parties out daily to capture all I can lay hands on.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. BATTENBERG,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company H, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

RICHMOND, May 20, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

I received from the War Department a few days since an order to arrest immediately Colonel L. B. Northrop, commissary-general of subsistence. He was not in Richmond, and I now learn he was in Goldsborough last Friday, and probably went from there to Raleigh or Forestville, near Raleigh. I would be very much obliged to you if you would cause him to be searched for and arrested.

A. H. TERRY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., May 20, 1865.

Lieutenant GEORGE ALLEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 21, headquarters Third Division, Tenth Army Corps, dated Goldsborough, N. C., My 10, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report: On the 11th instant I proceeded to Sampson Country, N. C., to execute General Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Department of North Carolina, dated Raleigh, N. C., May 4, 1865, and Special Orders, Numbers 31, headquarters Tenth Army Corps, dated Raleigh, N. C., May 7, 1865. I visited nearly all parts of the county and collected four carbines, five rifled muskets, and two revolvers. No ammunition could be found. Near Clinton a detachment of my command had a slight skirmish with three guerrillas, who were mounted and outran the detachment after several shots had been fired at them. We saw guerrillas several times, but did not succeed in capturing them, but captured one horse from them and brought in two others which were left by them with citizens to be called for by them when wanted. I organized a police force of fifty-one members of the most responsible citizens of the county, a roll of which is herewith transmitted. I found the people generally nearly destitute of provisions. The colored people that are unable to work will probably be driven from their former homes into the streets by their former masters.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. THOMPSON,

Captain, First U. S. Colored Troops.

