
really in command of the army. General Blair wishes toknow which corps will have the advance, and has sent Colonel Kirby to ascertain the position for the encampment of the corps near Long Bridge. I cannot decide the point myself, not knowing fully your pleasure with regard to the matter. I think that if you assume command of the army, General Blair will claim the advance for the Seventeenth Corps on account of being senior to the officer who will command the Fifteenth Corps. This ought to be taken into consideration in placing the command in position near the bridge. The corps massed nearest to it should evidently have the advance. I know positively that General Howard has been relieved, or has asket to be relieved, of command, and that you are to be assigned. Had you not better indicate in orders to me how you will move the army and which corps will move in advance? Colonel Kirby will be here in the morning and I have promised to be able to show him his position for the bivouac near the bridge.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. STRONG,

Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Alexandria, Va., May 21, 1865.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inclose an order from General Sherman for your information. * He directs that you send an officer of your staff to report to these headquarters at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning for the purpose of visiting the ground which your corps will occupy on the east side of the Potomac. Further orders for the movement and review of the corps will be sent you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, May 21, 1865.

Major-General COX,

Greensborough:

A box containing important papers was left by Governor Vance at the Cape Fear Bank, in Greensborough, in charge of Mr. Gilmer. Please make diligent search for the box, and send it to me if you find it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to state that in obedience to order this day received Mr. Bates, accompanied by Lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, will leave this place on the 6 p. m. train for Washington, D. C. Jeff.

---------------

* See Special Field Orders, Numbers 71, p. 539.

---------------

