
Davis was the guest of Mr. Bates while here. I doubt whether it will be possible to find amongst the magistrates in this part of the country twelve from a county who could be said to be Union men. The duty of such selection I have assigned to Colonel Wheeler, Twenty-eighth Michigan Infantry, with his regiment, for the counties of Gaston and Cleveland, and Colonel Jones, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteers, for the counties of Union and Anson. The regiments will be divided for the purpose. If there cannot be found twelve such able magistrates in a county I will forward the names of good men in addition to the names of magistrates, men of character and reputation for integrity. The same officers will also organize the police force required by General Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Department of North Carolina. The county Of Mecklenburg will be attended to here. The disposition of public property here and that may be yet collected will be made as directed. I have arrested some citizens for breaches of the peace, both sides being usually to blame. I shall have all offenses, whether by soldiers or citizens, punished by trial. The certainty of punishment will keep the citizens quiet, although as to that the conduct of the people is good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, May 21, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,

Lexington, N. C.:

The following dispatch was snt you on the 19th, but no answer has as yet been received. * The commanding general directs me to call your attention to this again and request an early reply.

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., May 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I beg leave to report concerning several matters of interest: On Monday, the 15th, I went by steamer to Elizabethtown, Bladen County, with a small guard and two of my staff and met a large portion of the leading citizens of the county. A company of seventy-one was organized as a police guard for the county and J. J. D. Lucas chosen captain. With perhaps two or three exceptions, the members are the most suitable citizens. I have directed that one man be stricken fro the rolls, for good cause. The general feeling was quite satisfactory. Not an unkind or uncivil word was uttered during the day. The sheriff, chairman, and clerk of the county court, the militia colonels, and other local dignitaries were present. I paroled a colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and several captains from various portions of the late rebel army. Thomas McDowell, menber of the Confederate Congress, sought an interview. He was, before the war, an opponent of

---------------

* See p. 535.

---------------

