
Another for same: The double-deck barge Saint Nicholas was sent to City Point to-day with mules, and the Oregon to Monroe with cattle. As soon as they have landed their cargo please send both of these barges through the canal to Morehead City with as little delay as possible. If necessary send a tug to City Point at the proper time and get the Saint Nicholas after her cargo has been landed. Answer.

RUCKER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general, Fourth Army Corps, be assigned to the Army of the Tennessee, with the rank of lieutenant-clonel, vice Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, promoted to brigadier-general and assigned to duty commanding a brigade. In case Lieutenant-Colonel Clark is still on the roll as lieutenant-colonel I request that he be removed from his staff appointment. He has commanded a brigade during the entire campaign from Savannah.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. -I have dropped "Department" from my papers, because recent orders have virtually dissolved the Department of the Tennessee, though I have received no official notice that it was broken up. I take it for granted that my assignment by the President to the Army of the Tennessee remains intact.

O. O. H.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 75. Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Major Maxwell Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, having been assigned by the War Department, subject to the approval of the major-general commanding the Army of the Tennessee, as assistant adjutant-general of the Fifteenth Army Corps, which the rank of lieutenant-colonel, he is hereby announced as such, to date from February 17, 1865, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH AMRY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Information has been received from Major-General Couch, commanding First and Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, that the scouts of the enemy are moving in detachments through

