
secession, but for four years has been an ardent rebel. He declares the South a subjugated people, advises prompt and cheerful submission, desires to take the oath of allegiance, and manitests a good deal of anxiety as to his future status and the prospects as to confiscation. On Friday, the 19th, two officers of my staff met the citizens of that portion of New Hanover County north and west of Northeast River and organizeda company of sixty-four as a police guard. H. E. Carr was chosen captain. On Saturday, the 20th, I met the citizens of Brunswick County at Town Creek bridge and organized a company of twenty-four. The morning was rainy. The country is thinly settled. Possibly the notice was not well given. Not over fifty were present. Otherwise everything was satisfactory. They meet again on Friday, the 26th, to enroll a full company and choose officers. To-morrow morning I start for Whitesville, Culumbus County, to organize another company. Notice has been thoroughly given. About two months ago Columbus County voluntarily organized three companies for home protection. The conduct of one of them has not been satisfactory. A portion of another company crossed into Marion District, S. C., and summarily shot nine men, who, they aver, had long been known as guerrillas and robbers infersting the borders of each State. I shall endeavor to put an end to such summary transactions. The trip to Columbus will take three days, but I prefet to go myself, as the citizens are all very anxious to get information, instructions, and advice, and it seems to me that judicious counsel will do much to hasten a complete pacification.

Second. The stockholders of the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad Company held a meeting on the 17th instant and chose for president O. G. Parsley, esq. The choise is agreeable to the Union men. As a general answer to inquiries which they were constantly making, I issured Special Orders, Numbers 55, paragraph 1 of which I inclose a copy. A majority of the stock was represented by loyal men. At least, I should say, by men who have taken the oath of allegiance or the amnesty oath. They will be able, with the funds they can raise, to repair at least as far as the Pedce, but they are about destitere of rolling-stock and will be begging leave to bring here a locamotive and a few other necessaries which are contraband under late orders.

Third. I beg leave to suggest that, as it will be very difficult to refuse passes on the boats to Fayetteville and the cars to Goldsborough and elsewhere, in many cases of merely private interest and where the applicants are able to pay, a moderate tariff of fares be stablished.

Fourth. All vessels that have gone hence to Morehead City or Fortress Monroe, &amp;c., have been either discharged or detained. There is no seagoing vessel within my reach, or likely to come here, save the Hancox, which is the pilot-boat. There or about 150 paroled rebel officers and men waiting to go south; among them Brigadier-General Hebert, of Bragg's staff, a colonel, and others. There are, moreover, certainly 300, probably more, negroes who belong in South Carolina and Georgia and are extremely anxious to go home. Then there are some discharged and convalescent soldiers who ought to leave immediately. I beg that transportation for all these may be provided.

Fifth. I am obliged to confess that I cannot find in my command any officer entirely suited to the position of judge-advocate. If any officer energetic, fearless, industrious, and experienced can be sent to me to fill that office I shall be greatly pleased.

Sixth. Negro affairs, though in a condition far from satisfactory, are as much so as I could reasonably ask. There are not far from 1,500 in the district attending schools. The great majority of the black people

