
are extremely anxious to do well. Many intelligent men among them show that they understand the new position and they are excercising a general good influence. They are scattering to their homes of their own accord; but some will require sending, and such are more difficult to find. Under the late order I have designated Lieutenant Colonel James F. Randlett, my assistant district provost-marshal, as suprintendent of freedman. The duties of the positionhave been hitherto practically discharged by Mr. S. S. Ashley, citizen, employed by Captain Horace James, assistant quartermaster and superintendent of freedman for the State. The dismissal or removal of Mr. Ashley would be a great loss. He is intelligent, sagacious, and honorable and has the confidence of both classes, the negroes and their former masters. A settlement of such negroes as cannot be scattered is forming a few miles northeast of this city.

Seventh. I hear complaints of outrages in South Carolina, particularly Marion District. There are in those regions some rampant rebels who refuse to be subdued. The truth of the stories I can no tlearn, and could only promise to report to the major-general commanding.

Eighth. Within two or three weeks white troops, as far as possible, if we desire to and can avoid the dangers of the climate, ought to be relieved from duty at Wilmington and all other points in the district save Fisher, Caswell, and Smithville.

Ninth. Our sick in hospitals are reduced to a comparatively small figure. The health of our regular garrison is very good. The camps are well policed. This city is quite clean, and would be very healthy for all ordinary residents. White and black refugees often crowd in unsuitable tenements before we know it. At Smithville general hospital there are beds for about 600. About 550 are there, of whom 200 might be discharged if their papers could be obtained. Doctor Palmer has applied for them. He is instructed by Doctor Hand to be ready to take some of the sick from above, and wishes to enlarge a little. I am obliged, therefore, to run the saw-mill here a very little longer. On returning from Columbus County I shall ask permission to report in person one day at Raleigh for general instructions and advice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON, Numbers 55. Wilmington, N. C., May 16, 1865.

The loyal stockholders, or a majority thereof, of the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad Company may take control of and in every respect manage and transact the business of the corporation; and such loyal stockholders and they only, shall be considered and treated as composing that corporation. By loyal stockholders shall be understood to mean those who, prior to the meeting of the corporation on the 17th instant, shall be entitled to the benefits of the amnesty proclamation of the President of the United States issued December 8, 1863, and who shall have taken the oath prescribed in that proclamation.

The management will, of course, remain subject to the military orders that have been ormay be issued.

By order of Brigadier General J. R. Hawley:

E. LEWIS MOORE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

