HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 21, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VOGDES,

Commanding District of Florida:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding would like to have the Seventh U. S. Infantry stationed at Saint Augustine and Fernandina. The Seventeenth Connecticut can then be entirely withdrawn from those posts.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Washington, D. C., May 22, 1865.

Colonel A. H. MARKLAND,

Special Agent Post-Office Dept., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: As I have been assigned to new duty at the War Department and am about to be relieved of the command of the Army of the Tennessee, with which I have been so long and pleasantly associated, I have to express to you my high appreciation and intense satisfaction for the able and energetic manner in which you haver discharged the responsible and arduous duties of your office. For more than a year the Army of the Tennessee has been campaigning in the interopr of the Southern States, a great portion of the time a long distance separated from depots of supplies and connected with the North and with home and friends by a long and precarious line of railroad, which was constantly overtasked to supply the army in the field with rations, forage, and the necessary munitions of war; or pushing steadily forward through the center of the Confederacy withut any base of supplies or lines of communiclation, only touching parts where supplies were to be obtained at long intervals. During all the wary marching from Chatanooga to Atlanta, from Atlanta to Savannah, and in the homeward campaign through the quicksands and marshes of the Carolinas, you, my dear colonel, have received from the officers and soldiers of the army the warmest thanks for the interest you have taken, the energy you have displayed, and for the successful manner in which the immense mail constantly accumulating has been, through your agency alone, forwarded by sea and land and distributed. During the campaign against Atlanta, which lasted four months, the mail for the Army of the Tennessee was received with great regularity. On the 13th of December, the very day that communication was opened on the Ogeechee River, between this army and Admiral Dahlgren's fleet, the mail boat, under your immediate charge was the second boat that came into Ossabaw Sound, and you were among the first to greet the army of the Tennessee. When our army entered Goldsborough, N. C., on the 24th of March lrch of over 500 miles in the interior, cut off from all communiclation with the world for sixty days, letters from home were waiting for us, and you were there to great us again. From this time until the army left Raleigh, en route for Alexandria, all mail matter was received regularly, and when our march was finally finished, and the troops encamped in sight of the done of the Capitol, you were still in the advance of us, and the letters were waiting. You well know how anxiously the officers and soldiers of the army watch and wait for

