
letters from home, and the receipt of them is the greatest pleasure they enjoy, and when a long period has elapsed and there is no mail, no news from home, a feeling of despndency and gloom seems to settle upon all. For the interest you have taken in the officers and soldiers of this army and for the indomitable persevrance which you have exhibited, under the most difficult and trying circumstances, you will ever be remembered by me with the kinliest feelings. By the energy you have exhibited in your own department and by the complete success which has attended your efforts to meet the army at points on the sea coast, and to pusch forward the mail, no matter what the obstructions, you have now an enviable reputation and friends innumerable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 60. Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. Captain Samuel L. Taggart, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, having been, by order of the War Department, assigned to duty at Washington, D. C., is relieved from further duty at these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

SAML. L. TAGGART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 11. Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

In accordance with instructions received from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the Army of the Tennessee will pass in review through Washington City on the 24th instant, in the following order, viz: First, general commanding army, staff, and escort; second, the First Regiment Michigan Engineers and the First Regiment Missouri Engineers, Colonel J. R. Yates commanding; third, Fifteenth Army Corps. Major General John A. Logan commanding; fourth, Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding. The artillery of the army will be marched by brigades, in rear of the infantry of each corps. If the width of the streets will admit, batteries will be moved battery front. The army will march on the 23rd instant from its present camp tothe neighborhood of the Long Bridge, and will there be putin bivouac for the night. The troops will be supplied with two days' cooked rations in haversacks, and will march in review without knapsacks. At daylight on the 24th the army will commence crossing the Long Bridge, with engineer regiments in advance, and move by Maryland avenue to the north and east of the Capitol, massing in streets contiguous to the line of march. The engineer regiments will form on North Capitol street; head of column opposite the northern entrance to the Capitol grounds, prepared to wheel into Pennsylvania avenue precisely at 9 a. m. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will be formed on Maryland avenue, with head of column near the northern entrance to the Capitol grounds, prepared

