
three abreast. The men will leave their knapsacks at the bridge, where they will be loaded into wagons and hauled to camp by the division quartermaster. The haversacks, clean and properly hung on the person, will be carried by the men. Every private soldier should have a neat hat, a clean pair of trousers and blouse, and shoes neatly blacked. The non-commissioned officers will wear dress coats and white gloves, and, if they can be obtained, the first sergeants will wear sashes. In additional, every man willwear the badge of this corps and division; all others are positibely prohibited. Officers commanding brigades and regiments only will salute. No officers will turn out at the reviewing stand. The music of each brigade massed will turn out, and a proper number of fifes and drums will be detailed to play the ruffles as the colors salute. The bands must be particularly cautiioned not to play longer than while the organization to which they belong is passing. The brigade trains will be sent under charge of a staff officer to the camp of the division after the review.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 131. Near Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

* * * * * * *

X. In order to carry out the orders from military division and army headquarters for the review on the 24th instant, the following orders are made: The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move in advance, following the Fifteenth Army Corps, being prepared to move at 6 a. m. The Third Division will follow the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry. The Fourth Division will follow the Third Division. The First Division will follow the Fourth Division. The artillery of the corps under Major Fred. Welker, chief of artillery, will follow the First Division. The command will be supplied with two days' rations (cooked) from Wednesday morning. The order of march will be in accordance with the orders from military division and army headquarters. The trains of the command in the same order that the divisioins move in will move to the camp alredy designated as soon as the review is over. The detachments of the One hundred and thirty-fifth U. S. Colored troops with each division will move next after the pioneer corps. The knapsacks of the command will be loaded in wagons and hauled to the new camp.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 114. Near Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. This command will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow to the vicinity of longk Bridge. The Second Brigade, Brigadier General R. K. Scott commanding, will have the advance, moving precisely at the hour indicated, to be followed by the First Brigade, Brigadier General Charles Ewing commanding. Ambulances will accompanying the brigades. Headquarters Second

