
side of the Potomac, being careful nto to interrupt the march in reivew of the troops in the rear. The knapsacks and other property will be conveyed by wagons to the new camps as soon as possible after the completion of the review, the knapsacks of each regiment being kept separate.

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that there is a direct road from your present camp to the Long Bridge, by which some time can be saved in the march on Wednesday morning. By inquiry of General Mower you can obtain the necessary information. I am also directed to say that the camp to be occupied by your corps, east of the Potomac, is theone selected to-day by Lieutenant-Colonel Guindon in company with Lieutenant-Colonel Litchfield, of your staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 50. Alexandria, Va., May 22, 1865.

I. Brigade commanders will at once put their commands in the best possible condition for the review of Wednesday. Everything will be in readiness to move to-morrow (Tueaday) at 2 p. m. to bivouac near Long Bridge. On Wendesday, at break of day, the comand will move out of bivouac by the right flank until the head of column is closed up the Capitol Grounds, and then move as close as possible east of the canal, ready to march according to Special Orders, N. 239, Adjutant-General's Office, of March 18, by close columns of companies, right in front, guide left. When the companies fall below fifteen files the battalions will from columns by divisions, right in front. All colors will be unfurled before reaching the Capitol. The commanding officers of regiments and brigdes only weill present swords in passing the reviewing officers. No other officers will salute. This must be understood plainly by all in order to preserve uniformity. Commanding officers of brigades or regiments will not turn out at the reviewing stand. Brigade bands will march at the head of their respective brigades and be instructed to turn out (probably to the right), facing the reviewing officer, and play during the passing of the brigade. They will also be instructed to cease playing in time for the music of the succeeding band to be hard. The field music of each brigade will be consolidated and march inrear of the brigade bands, and willturn out, facing the reviewing officer with the bands. Color bearers will be particularly instructed to lower their colors at six paces from the reviewing officer and keep them lowered until having passed six paces.

