
Green County, crossing Contentnea Creek and boldly dashing upon parties of our men who may have straggled from the foraging details or train guards dispatched through that country. Please coution the commanding officers of such parties as you may have occasion to send out as to the necessity of keeping their men from stragling and guarding against bold dashes of the rebel cavalry. General Couch further reports that the rebel General Hampton has some seven picket-posts on the plank road leading down from Wilson toward Snow Hill.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generalsk Woods, Hazen and Smith, division commanders.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY COPRS, Numbers 13. Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

I. Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry Volunteers, is hereby relieved from with his regiment and assigned as chief of corps staff, and will report in person to the major-general commanding. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Lieutenant Francis M. Taylor, Company G, Twenty-ninth Missouri Mounted Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty with his regimet and company and assigned as acting aide-de-camp on the staff of the major-general commanding.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will please send a good-sized regiment of infantry to encamp with the Ninth Illinois Cavalry* at the point where the Moseley Hall road forks toward Snow Hill. The accompanying orderly will guide the regiment. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry is already there. The Senior officer of the two regiments will command the outpost. The position will be carefully intrenched or barricaded. The Ninth Illinois will destroy the bridges across Hood's Swamp, on the roads toward Snow Hill, and carefully patrol to the swamp.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Best's Station, Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, N. C.,

March 29, 1865.

Lieutenant THOMAS ROSE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 23rd Army Corps:

SIR: In obedience to orders received from your headquarters, I have the honor to report that a scourting party was sent out last evening by the colonel commanding brigade to ascertain the number and direction

---------------

*Mounted Infantry.

---------------

