
The drummers of the field bands will give the three ruffles on their drums as the colors pass. Regimental commanders will be careful in instructting their guides to exercise great care before reaching the reviewing officer to so conduct their company or division that the men can keep properly dressed. The men will have two days' cooked rations in their haversacks and will march without knapsacks. Six amublances will accompany each brigade, marching three abreast in rear of the brigade. Each brigade commnader will see each of his regimental commanders, in order that everything may be fully understood. The order of march of this division will be asfollows: Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General G. P. Buell commanding; Third Brigade, Colonel H. A.anding; First Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General H. C. Hobart commanding.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Walcutt:

J. E. EDMONDS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 22, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

You may inform General J. E. Johnston that he will be permitted to go to Canada through the States, as he may select, not to return to the United States without first obtaining leave to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 22, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Raleigh, N. C.:

The following is received from General Kilpatrick:

The party sent out for Government Vance could not find any State records, but leanred they were at Salisbury. One of my staff went to Salibury on the 20th and found they had been sent to Raleigh.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: You will at once send a small infantry force to Columbia, S. C., for the permanent occupation of that place, preceded by a small mounted force under a discreet officer, with instructions to arrest the rebel Governor Magrath, and all officers of the rebel State government of South Carolina, either at Columbia or in that part of theState. You will, in addition to the post at Columbia, establish another at Orangeburg, and if you think advisable at Branchville. The com-

