
manding officers at Columbia and elsewhere will take and retain careful possession of all public records and the correspondence of prominent rebels. You will retain military possession of the railroad and telegraph line between Charleston and Columbia, giving such encouragement and assistance to the repair of the railroad as you may think proper. Captain Gillmore, superintendent of military telegraphs in the department, has received instructions to open telegraphic communication as soon as possible between Charleston and Columbia, which will place Charleston in telegraphic communication with Hilton Head as soon as the line between Savannah and Augusta is open. A more direct communication between Hilton Head and Charleston willsoon be opened by way of Beaufort, Pocotaligo and the Charleston and Savannah Railroad. You will not allow the shipment of any rice in the rought from Charleston until further orders from me, or until you are convinced that there is within your control more than a sufficient supply for the destitute in your command. You will, if practicabe, levy a tax or contribution upon real estate owners for the support of the poor. It has come to my knowledge that at sundry times the colored people and colored soldiers of Charleston have received discourteous and insulting treatment at the hands of the white soldiers garrisoning the city. You will report officially what you know of this matter, in order that, if ture, the present post commander and garrison of Charleston may be immediately replaced by others, who will, without constant dictation from department headquarters, carry out what is the well-known policy of the Government toward the colored pople. You will furnish Colonel Gurney an extract from this latter, giving him all that I say upon this subject for his information. An order upon the subject of trade and intercourse with the people of South Carolina will be issued as soon as I return to Hilton Head. I desire you to take special, by means of the newspapers at Charleston and Columbia, and such other means as you may think proper to adopt, so that it will reach every part of the State.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General S. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a good regiment, under the command of a discreet and intelligent officer, to occupy Brunswick and Darien, on the Georgia coast. You will not send ither the Thirty-third or One hundred and third U. S. Colored Troops, as the major-general commanding desires these regiments at present in Savannah. The headquarters of the regiment so ordere to be sent will be at Brunswick, and the force will be divided between Darien and Brunswick, as the commanding officer may deem advisable. He will be expected to visit Darien frequently, at lest twice each week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

36 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

