
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers --. Near Washington, D. C., May 23, 1865.

In obedience to orders received from the War Department, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

W. B. HAZEN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. Near Alexandria, Va., May 23, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General A. Hickenlooper, assistant inspector-general, Seventeenth Army Corps, is hereby announced as chief of staff to the major-general commanding. He will be obyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 44. Alexandria, Va., May 23, 1865.

I. The corps will march for review in the streets of Washington to-morrow morning at 7 a. m., following the Twentieth Corps in the following order: Third Division, Brevet Major-General Baird commanding; Second Division, Brevet Major-General Morgan commadning; First Division, Brigadier-General Walcutt commanding; Artillery Brigade, Major Charles Houghtaling commanding. The men will march without knapsacks, with canteens and one day's rations in haversacks. The smaller regiments will march in close column of divisiion, and the larger in close column of companies. The artillery in battery front, with close intervals. Regimental and headquarters pack-mules will be led (by company cooks or officers' servants only) in close order in rear of the ambulances of each brigade. Proper utensils for making coffee should be carried upon the pack-mules, as the troops will probably have an opportunity to prepare it about noon. The special provisions of Special Field Orders, Numbers 71, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, and Special Orders, Numbers 72, headquarters Army of Georgia, will be observed. The troops will return after the review to their present camps by way of the Aqueduct Bridge.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. D. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Alexandria, Va., May 23, 1865.

The order of march of this corps in review to-morrow will be as follows: First Division, Second Division, Third Division, artillery. The troops will leave their present camps at 5 a. m., taking the road via Fairfax Seminary to Long Bridge. After passing in reivew the troops will march at once to their new camps in the vicinity of Washington. The march in review will be conducted as preseribed in Special Field Orders, Numbers 71, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, and in Special Orders, Numbers 72, headquarters Army of Georgia.

By command of Major-General Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

