
ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

May 23, 1865.

I. To make the review ordered for this army in the city of Washington this divisioin will move from its present camp to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock in the following order: First Brigade, Second Brigade, Third Brigade.

II. The division will march in review as prescribed in Special Field Orders, Numbers 71, Military Division of the Mississippi, with the exception that "all mounted officers will present swords on passing the reviewing officer. "

III. The unarmed men of the command will be left under a sufficient number of officers as guards to the knapsacks, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., and will move to the new camps with the wagon train when directed by the division quartermaster.

IV. Brigade commanders will see that their quartermasters provide sufficient transportation for knapsacks, baggage, camp and garrison equipage, &c.

By command of Bvt. Major General W. T. Ward:

FRS. C. CRAWFORD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 23, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

All the parties sent out after the rebel Governor Smith, of Virginia, have returned without finding him. It is believed he has escaped into the Gulf States.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, May 23, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Charlotte, N. C.:

General Grant informs me that you will be permitted to pass through the Northern States to Canada, but not to return to the United States without first obtaining leave to do so.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-Army Corps:

SIR: I send inclosed a communication* received from the rebel commissary at Chester. I have directed him to keep possession of the stores, and inform all persons that any interference will subject the actors to the severest punishment. It is out of this department and some forty-five to fifty miles from here. If some cavalry were in that vicinity it woud be well I think. The commander of the Department of the South could supply a force there by the road through here, if General Schofield consented. I do nothear of any troops south of here.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

