
I presume the reason is the difficulty of supplying them. I have not yet learned anything more in relation to remarks by Jeff. Davis than by the person who was sent to Washington. If there was anything of importance I think I have the means of tracing it out. Everything is quiet. I shall have the police organizations working in counties named in your order. The work of collecting public property is being pushed forward. The medical stores were so scattered and mixed up that it is a work of considerable extent to properly assort and prepare for shipment. Some of the mules and wagons captured from us between Smithfield and Raleigh were tkane to Union County and sold. I have directed the wagons to be brought in. Colonel Jones reports that animals are very much needed in that section, and I have directed him to require all the animals to be reported, and to ascertain just what persons have them. If you think best that the animals be loaned the planters I will inform him and direct accordingly; otherwise will collect them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 23, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. AMES,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to call your attention to the condition of the refugees, white and colored, who are now congregated in houses in the city and crowded together in a manner that will certainly produce sickness. He desires you take measures to have all these refugees move out to the suburbs of the town and ut in camp or, if possible, in the old rebel barracks near the Pettigrew hospital. The general desires that the superintendent of fredman of your district, appointed under General Orders, Numbers 46, current series, from these headquarters, see that order is promptly executed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Orangeburg, S. C., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have sent Lieutenant Breck to Columbia to execute your instructions about Magrath, as Lieutenant Breck knows the grud, and I can get no horses but his. I forward the dispatch to General Gillmore brought by Lieutenant Breck. The Twenty-fifth Ohio marched to-day, with ten days' rations, for Columbia. Captain Torrey returned this morning from Columbia, announcing that General Lovell will meet General Hatch at Orangeburg on the 25th instant. The country between here and Columbia and in the town is reported to be very destitute. The civil authorities fear to take action to any extent. The paroled soldiers are reluctant to take the oath of alle-

