
giance until released from their previous obligations. The people here are crowding in to take the oath, the tree clerygmen of the town having been first to come forward. I regret to say that in spite of special efforts I have made to get the negroes back to their places, and notto send them to town, the man sent up with the dispatches last night took five car-loads down. He told the officer I had placed in charge of trains here that he was under special orders, and the officer failed to stop this.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. HARTWELL,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 23, 1865.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY,

127th N. Y., Vols., Commanding Post of Charleston, Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: I deem it my duty to a brave and efficient officer, such as you have proved yourself to be while serving under my command, to express to you officially my high appreciation of the administrative ability and correct judgment uniformly displayed by you since you have occupied the difficult position of post commander at Charleston. Your administration in all its details receives my unqualified approbation.

You are at liberty to make such use of this letter as you think best.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HILTON HEAD, May 23, 1865.

The SECRETARY OF WAR:

HONORABLE SIR: Having received positive assurance that the Catholic cemetery of Savannah would be restored to its former state, I feel in duty and honor bound to acknowledge this act of kindness on the part of the United States Government, and to recall in all sincerity the objectionable language which the view of the desecrate dcemetery wrung from my feelings at that time. It has always been the maxim of the Catholic clergy to honor and obey the constituted civil authorities, and I intend always to inculcate this maxim by my example as well as by teaching. Major-General Gillmore, who, without any intention, has been the innocent occasion of my vexation, and who has invariably shown himself a good friend of mine and of our clergy, has kindly consented to transmit this letter to Your Excellency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTIN VEROT,

Bishop of Savannah.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Near Alexandria, Va., May 24 1865.

The corps will move to their new camps to the right of Washington and near Fort Bunker Hill, as follows: General Baird will move his division at an early hour to-morrow morning by way of the Long Bridge

