
and though Washington, accompanied by his division trains. Corps headquarters and the reserve artillery will follow General Baird. General Morgan will move his division with his trains to-morrow afternoon, following the same route. General Walcutt will remain in his present camps to-morrow night, and will follow, accompanied by his trains, by the same route on the following morning, the 26th instant. Camps will be designated as the divisioins arrive upon the ground.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, [May] 24, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

It is reported that Captain Morfit, formerly employed in the Libby Prison, is now in Raleigh. Please have him arrested and sent to Richmond; also try and secure all moneys and papers which he may now have in his possession, or which he may have left at other places. The following is his description: He is about thirty-five years of age; five feet seven inches high; weighs about 130 pounds; has dark hair, dark eyes, thin dark goatee, and sallow complexion; is very quick and nervous in speaking; has a thin nose, rather sharp. dresses neatly and plaintly; has a straight, erect, and sprighly form.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, &amp;c.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 24, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General HENDERSON,

Commanding Third Brigadie:

GENERAL: The general commanding division directs that you send Captain James McCartney, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and fifty men back to Stokes County for the purpose of carrying out verbal instructions received at these headquarters on yesterday. They will take with them ten days' rations in a wagon furnished by brigade headquarters. Should the captain succeed in completing the business assigned him before the expiration of ten days, he will return and report for duty with his regiment.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

L. A. GRATZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 24, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th, by Brevet Brigadier-General Woodford, conveying to me the approval and thanks of the War Department for my recent action with the Georgia rebel legislature. The instructions of the War Department, to Brevet Major-General Wilson, to arrest Governor

