
of roads between Best's Stationand Goldsborough, and whether any of them had been used by the enemy's cavalry. The scouting party has just reported, and states that the enemy (cavalry) was upon the two roads (marked upon the inclosed map) running between the two Snow Hill roads one week ago, but that none have been seen since. He also reports that the Twelfth New York Cavalry and a skirmish with the enemy yesterday at Sharon's Mill. The roads are marked upon the map just as he (the officer) found them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. VAN DEURSEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel COLVIN,

Commanding 169th New York Volunteers:

SIR: Under instructions this day received from Major-General Terry, I have the honor to direct that you post your battalion at Northeast Ferry in such a way as best to protect the railroad and pontoon bridge and the railroad above. You will make your camp on the north side of Northeast River, near the railroad, but between that and the ferry road. You will keep careful guard over the provisions that may be landed there; protect and assist the engineers, and protect the railroad above. Lieutenant Wilson, commanding the detachment on the south side of the river, will turn over his instructions. He will be relieved, so it will [be necessary] for you [to place] a guard on the south side also. As you are likely to be here two or three weeks, you can make a comfortable camp. You are most strictly enjoined to permit no straggling and no plundering of the inhabitants. You will report to these headquarters daily, in writing, all matersof interest. The remainder of your brigade is on the railroad above, you guarding it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -After you have been there a day or two and established your pickets, come down here for further instructions. Have you a map? I think you need fear nothing more than a raiding party.

J. R. H.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, N. C., March 29, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

New Berne, N. C.:

Order the Twenty-third New York Independent Battery to march to this place under escort of any troops coming to the front, and report for furthern orders to Bvt. Major General William F. Barry, chief of artillery, Military Division of the Mississippi. If the battery has not enoguh horses and mules for the march, have some mules temporarily transferred to it.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

