
to that Government to any company or individuals whatever. He does not regard it as proper for him to pass upon the justice of any capture of property made by General Wilson. You will therefore treat his captures as valid, leaving to him the responsibility of his own acts, and will lturn over to the Treasury agents for your district all such captured proerty under the acts of Congress and the Treasury regulations approved by the President. The Confederate bills, notes, and bonds you will, however, forward through these headquarters to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army. The private baggage of Generals Beauregard and Pillow you will return to them, in pursuance of the military convention between General Sherman and Johnston of April 26, 1865. All the rebel official and army records you will also forward through these headquarters to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army. The captured property seized by General Molineus and received by you from him, or seized by yourself, you will in like manner turn over to the Treasury agent, except in instances of private property wherein you may think your capture illegal and desire to relieve yourself from personal legal liability by restoring the property to the claimant. You will take such steps as you think best to secure the safe custody of all the bullion, specie, and other property so long as it remains in your charge, and will be careful to obtain duplicate and detailed receipts, according to the acts of Congress and the Treasury regulations, for all the property which under these instructions you may turn over to the Treasury agent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 253. Washington, May 25, 1865.

* * * * *

2. The Army of the Potomac, the Army of the Tennessee, and the Army of Georgia will immediately turn into the Quartermaster's Department, to such officers as the Quartermaster-General may designate, all led horses and mules, all supply and ammunition trains, and all other transportation that, in the judgment of army commanders, can be dispensed with.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General

[MAY 25, 1865. -For Bowers to Sherman, suggesting change in Sherman's report of May 9, 1865, see Part I, p. 40.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Near Washington, D. C., May 25, 1865.

I. During the stay of the troops in the vicinity of the national capital, care will be taken throughout the corps that no avoidable damage is done to property in the vicinity of the camps. Where it is necessary for

