
troops to occupy such ground, or take possession of such property as will cause loss to the owners, division quartmerasters will be instructed to ascertain the owners, estimate the amount of the necessary injury, and make arrangements for giving proper compensation.

II. Division commanders will make all necessary provision for strictly protecting anjd preserving growing grain, vegetables, fruits, &amp;c., in the vicinity of their camps. As all necessary fuel cannow be procured through the quartermaster's department, fences must in no case be disturbed and shade trees will not be injured.

III. Sinks should be dug immediately and screens erected to protect them from the public view, and every effort should be made by careful policing and cleansing to insure the health of the men. Suitable places for bathing should be selected by commanding officers away from highways and places of publis resort.

IV. The roll-calls prescribed by regulatioins will be regularly made. All troops will be kept in camp except those absent upon proper passes, and every effort made to prevent a few lawless men from committing excesses which might tarnish the good name already won here by this command, which all may feel equally proud of, and which all should feel equally interested to preserve.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 25, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

The general wishes me to say that your letter in reference to the State of North Carolina, brought by Colonel Wherry, has been received. * It was shown to the Secretary of War, who, as well as himself, agreed with the views expressed in it. He was accidentally prevented from showing it to the President, but had previously had a long conversation with him on the subject, in which the President expressed ideas essentially the samek as yours. No definite course has yet been adopted, though there has been much discussion, and for this reason the general is as yet unable to send you instructions. He hopes that some plan will soon be settled on.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevt Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report in the matter of inquiry as to whether Jeff. Davis made while here expressions in approval of the assasination of President Lincoln, and also in relation to President Johnston, that after careful inquiry and investigation I cannot learn that Davis made use of expressions other than to Mr. Bates, who left this place for Washington, accompanied by Lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, on the 21st instant, and before I received instructions to

---------------

*See May 10, p. 461.

---------------

