
investigate the matter. On my arrival here I heard mentioned the remarks Davis made in the hearing of Mr. Bates, and ascertained that report had been made of the same. The abence of Mr. Bates, at whose huse Davis was entertained whilst here, renders it difficult to obtain any information. I am satisfied that Davis did not talk on the matter in public, and that what he said was to his own immediate party or particular partisans. I shall still endeavor to learn whatever can be ascertained, and will report again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw Brevet Major-General Washburn and his brigade from Augusta, and distribute his command at the principal towns on the Altamaha and Ocmulgee Rivers, as far inland as Hawkinsville, so as to protect the counties bordering on these rivers. Posts should be established at important points back from these rivers, where they can be readily kept supplied with raions, &amp;c. The posts heretofore ordered to be established at Brunswick and Darien will be in General Washburn's commmand. You will instruct General Washburn to preserve quiet and good order within his sub-district, to repress all guerrilla operatins, and to foster a spirit of confidence among the population in thejustice and mercy of the Government. You will call his especial attention to General Orders, Numbers 63, current series, from these headquarters, and in the spirit of that order you will see that he encourages all the people to go to work, to remain quietly upon their lands, and to voluntarily make just arrangements among themselves for compensated labor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 25, 1865.

Captain CHARLES O. BOUTELLE,

Assistant, U. S. Coast Survey, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I have ordered the occupation of Brunswick, Ga., and also desire as soon as possible to use the Santee River, S. C., as a means of communication with the interior of the State. Accordingly I respectfully request you to have the entrance to Saint Simon's Sound and the Santee River buoyed out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 26, 1865. -For Sherman to Bowers, declining to change his (Sherman's) report of May 9, 1865, see Part I, p. 40.]

