
WASHINGTON, May 26, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

Captain J. R. GILMORE,

Assistant Quartermaster:

The commanding officers of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas are instructed, whilst they or enot to endanger private property by efforts to seize that heretofore claimed by the co-called Confederate States, will aid the officers of the Treasury Department in protecting and bringing to market that already in Government possession, or which was included in the surrender of the rebel army.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Copies to General Schofield, Raleighu; General Gillmore, Charleston; General Thomas, Nashville, and General Sheridan, New Orleans.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Brigadier General A. Hickenlooper, lieutenant-colonel and assistant inspector-general, Seventeenth Army Corps, may be transferred to my staff, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, in order that he may be assigned to duty as chief of staff of the Army of the Tennessee. General Hickenlooper has been identified with this army since its organization, and is a zealous and deserving officer and is worthy of the favorable consideration of the War Department. I would respectfully request that Bvt. Colonel C. B. Reese, captain of engieners, U. S. Army, be assigned to duty as assistant inspector-general, Army of the Tennessee with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

I. Division commanders will at once establish strong guards about their encampments, and take such measures as a proper control of their commands require. A limited number of men and officers can receive passes from division commanders to visit Washington each day. General headquarters should be established on the roads leading to the city, and the officer of the guard, who will lnot leave his post of duty during his tour, will inspect passes and require that all men passed be neatly and cleanly clad. Division commanders will cause these guards to be mounted as required by the Army Regulations, and will endeavor in every way to perfect the performance of guard duty.

II. The question prevailing with sentinels of halting atthe end of their breat and coming to an "about face" while halting is deemed neither graceful nor the established custom of service, and officers of the guard be instructed to cause it to be discontinued.

III. Roll-calls will be heldk at the times required by the regulations, and officers of the day will be detailed for each regiment, brigade, and

