
division. Division commanders will specify and cause to be performed such duties as will insure the proper police and discipline of the camps.

By command of Major General William B. Hazen:

H. N. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Near Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

I. Colonel H. A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to date from March 28, 1865.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General C. C. Walcutt:

J. E. EDMONDS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Greensborough, N. C., May 26, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to state that upon the receipt of the order of the general commanding the department to obtain all the information possible relative to the remarks made by Jeff. Davis in regard to the assassination of President Lincoln, I instructed General Ruger, commanding at Charlotte, N. C., to make a thorough investigation and report all facts discovered to these headquarters. The following remarks occur in a letter received from General Ruger, dated Charlotte, May 23:

I have not yet learned anything more in relation to remarks by Jeff. Davis than by the person who was sent to Washington. If there was anything of importance I think I have the means of tracing it out.

Any further information received will be promptly forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he wishes you to have a thorough investigation made in regard to the machinery now stored and under guard at Salisbury, for the purpose of establishing the facts of its former use; how it came to be in Salisbury, and whether or no it is part of the machinery taken from the armory at Harper's Ferry. Please forward report without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

