HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 26, 1865.

Colonel JOHN S. JONES,

Commanding 174th Ohio Infantry, Wadesborough, N. C.:

SIR: The order (Special Orders, Numbers 81, from these headquarters) you were furnished directed that the magistrates selected should be Union men. If you do not find twelve in a county who can be called Union men, still report the names of twelve. It would be well also to ascertain in that case the names of those not magistrates who would be proper persons. So soon as you have made the selection of magistrates report their names in full and places of residence. This will be first attended to, and then the organization of the police force of the counties. The animals which you find in the country, property which of right belongs to the Government, and which animals are surplus, you can loan out until fall, after the corps are secured, to be returned at Charlotte, or the then nearest military post, when called for. I send you copies of orders recently received.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ruger:

HENRY A. HALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 26, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel NATHANIEL HAUGHTON,

Commanding Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Summerville, S. C.:

(Throudh headquarters Northern District.)

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to forward for your information the following copy of an extract from his letter to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, transmitting Brigadier-General Potter's report of the operations of his command in the recent expedition to Sumterville and Camden, S. C., and recommending him for promotion:

I also have the honor to ask that Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Carmichael, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Haughton, Twenty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, promoted to be colonels of volunteers by brevet, in accordance with General Potter's recommendation, as contained in his report. Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael's command captured a battle-flag and two guns in the fight at Dingle's Mills, on April 9, 1865. Lieutenant-Colonel Haughton distinguished himself in the fight at Boykins' Mill, near Camden, on April 18. Both officers, with their regiments, are also specially mentioned for their conduct in the battle near Statesburg, April 19. These officers distinguished themselves during last fall's operations in this department, and are truly brave and efficient soldiers.

Trusting that these nominations will receive the approval of the department and the early action of the President.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Carmichael, commanding One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Georgetown, S. C.)

[MAY 27, 1865. -For Grant to Stanton, transmitting Sherman's report of May 9, 1865, with correspondence relating thereto, see Part I, p. 41.]

