
WASHINGTON, May 27, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

You will please cause all officers and men belonging to your armies here that come within the orders for discharge to be immediately mustered on muster out rolls and sent forward to the rendezvous designated in their respective States for payment, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department. No payment will be made to troops to be discharged until they reach their respective States and rendezvous. Order your retained force immediately after the muster and sending off of those to be discharged as above to be mustered for immediate payment to the 30th of April, 1865. Direct corps commanders to give personal attention and superintendent to the execution of these orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 27, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

General Augur has just been to see me on the matter of the conduct of men and officers of your command since coming north of the Potomac. He says that a deep feeling is exhibited by them, especially when a little in liquor, on account of the difficulties between yourself and Secretary Stanton. He has purposely avoided arresting them for fear of leading to violence and the charge that it is a hostility on the part of the Secretary to them and to yourself. Yesterday many of the officers were at Willard's, drinking and discussing violently the conduct of Mr. Stanton, and occasionally would jump on the counter and give three groans for Mr. Stnaton, then get down and take another drink. Without giving any order in the matter, I think it will be advisable for your either to direct guards to be placed around the camps and prohibit officers and men from coming out except with passes from their division commanders or such other officers as you may direct, or move to the south side of the river. You can manage this without any order from me. What we want is to preserve quiet and decorum and without apparently making any distinctionbetween the different armies. General Augur says that when the men of the different armies meet in town, if drinking, they are sure to fight, and both your army and Meade's pitch into the Veteran Reserves indisciminately. The Army of the Potomac, being on the south side of the river, can be kept out of the city, except when they caome with proper passes.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp at Finley Hospital, May 27, 1865-9 a. m.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters of the Army:

COLONEL: I received late last night your communication of May 26 calling for a detailed report of all the general officers with my army, with the location of camps and the hotels at which any of the general officers

