
are staying. I am stopping at Mrs. Carter's, on Capitol Hill, but have my office and staff here incamp in the grounds of the Finley Hospital.

General Slocum, commanding the Army of Georgia, is stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel, but has his camp and headquarters staff about a mile beyond on the road passing to the north of the Finley Hospital, Bladensburg road; the camps of the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps are near by, about two miles northeast of this point. Major General John A. Logan, commanding the Army of the Tennessee, is encamped near Silver Spring, and his two corps are camped near him onFourteenth street with their trops. I cannot at this moment give the exact position of each, but will send you in the course of the day a tabular statement of all the general officers, with the position of their camps, &amp;c.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The necessary arrangements for the transportation of the troops of the Armies of the Potomac and of General Sherman to the points indicated by Circular 19, Adjutant-General's Office, 1865, have been made. In order, however, to avoid delay and confusion in the city and insure prompt forwarding to destination, I request that the commanders of regiments and large commands upon receiving orders to move shall make thei requisition at once upon Brigadier-General Rucker, leaving their commands in camp until such time as upon conference with General Rucker shall be fixed for departure. Five thousand men for any one section of the country are as many as should go together. Ten thousand can go from here to Relay House per day if necessary. It is requested that a list of the commands ordered to move may be each day and as early as possible furnished this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

(Copies furnished Major General W. T. Sherman, Major General H. W. Slocum, Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, division commanders, and Major Houghtaling.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 257. Washington, May 27, 1865.

* * * * *

44. The leave of absence on surgeon's certificate of disability granted Brigadier General A. Schimmelfenning, U. S. Volunteers, by Special Orders, Numbers 89, April, 1865, from headquarters Department of the South, is hereby extended thirty days on surgeon's certificate of disability.

* * * * *

59. The resignations of the following named officers have been accepted by the President, to take effect from the dates set opposite

37 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

