
their respective names: Major General Cadwllader S. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, May 25, 1865; Major General Darius N. Couch, U. S. Volunteers, May 26, 1865; Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Volunteers, May 25, 1865.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 76. Near Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Bvt. Captain J. B. Foraker, Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, is hereby detailed for duty on the staff of the major-general commanding as acting aide-de-camp.

* * * * *

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Greensborough, N. C., May 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEO. COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully forward, for information of the genral commanding corps, a communication from Captain Berry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry, reporting a considerable amount of the property of the late socalled Confederate goverment, but now claimed by the superintendent of the North Carolina Railroad as belonging to that company. The document under which Mr. Sumner, the superintendent of the railroad, calism the property is also inclosed. This is but one of many cases of a similar the property is also inclosed. This is but one of many cases of a similar character which have been presented for decision. Raw and spun-yarn cotton, cotton cloth, leather, copper, wagons, turpentine, tobacco, and commissary stores are claimed in different portions of this and surrounding counties by parties havign them in possession, as having been received from officers andohters of the rebel army, as compensations for services rendered or suppies furnisehd. So far as we can learn nearly all these transfers of property, which belonged to the late rebel government, were made after the arrival of Johnston's army in this vicinity, about the middle of April, and either immediately befroe or during the cessation of hostilities.

General Orders, Numbers 41, current series, from headquarters Department of North Carolina, state that "lawful title cannot have been acquired from the late rebel government. " I respectfully request some definite instructions in regard to the above matter, in order that general and equitable rules may be adopted for the guidance of subordinate officers, who have been sent to the several counties for the purpose in part of collecting property which belonged to the late rebel Government. I have given orders that commissary stores, when found, shall be used in supplying the necessities of those who are in destitute circumstances. From the tenor of General Orders, Numbers 41, above referred to, it seems that transfers of public property, even as a compensation for services

