
rendered, is illegal, and that such property should be collected and turned over to the proper officers. There is also a good deal of ctoon and other property in the country which belonged to the State of North Carolina, and was intended for purchasing and furnishing supplies to the troops of the State. Is such property subject to the same rules with that which belonged to the late so-called Confederate government?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 74. Hilton Head, S. C., May 27, 1865.

So much of paragraph II, of General Orders, Numbers 137, series of 1864, from these headquarters, as designates the troops in the former District of Beaufort as the Second Separate Brigade, and those in the former District of Hilton Head as the Third Separate Brigade, is hereby revoked, and hereafter the troops in the District of Port Royal will be designated as the Second Separate Brigade, this district command being composed of mixed troops equivalent to a brigade.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: You will ascertain, both from Mr. A. G. Magrath, lately acting as governor of South Carolina, the rebel commandants in that State, and from any source of information accessible to you, the places where Confederate public property is stored, and will send officers, each accompanied by a small guard, to take immediate possession of the same. You are authorized to distribute the commissary stores which you may thus obtain in alleviating the wants of the suffering poor of the State, according to Major-General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 65, current series, republished in General Orders, Numbers 52, of April 30, 1865, from these headquarters. You will also make arrangements to occupy, as speedily as possible, all the important points in the central and eastern portions of South Carolina, so as to secure quiet and good order. One or two companies at each place will be sufficient. You will select officers for the duty whose good judgment, sense of justice, and resolution fit them for detached commands. Lawlessness must be suppressed, industry encouraged, and confidence in the beneficence of the Government established. I shall expect you to act promptly, justly, and with energy. Please make immediate report of your action taken hereunder, and keep me constantly advised as to affairs within your district.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

