
HILTON HEAD, May 27, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date in regard to your General Orders, Numbers 34, and the Savannah public schools. His letter to you of the 24th instant, directing the revocation of General Orders, Nos. 34 and 29, said that you could establish the new system in your order of revocation; also directed your new order to be submitted to him for approval before you should publish it. You therefore have already the authority for which you ask, and will please forward the draft of your proposed new order as soon as possible.

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., May 27, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in conformity with instructions received from department headquarters, I have caused Mr. Yulee to be arrested and brought to Jacksonville. He is now confined under guard according to your orders. Is it the intentionof the general commanding to have him confined, or may I admit him to parole? If the former how strictly should he be confined? I do not think that there need by any apprehension of his attempting to escape, and unless the general commanding desires otherwise he might safely be admitted to parole pending appearance of the charges against him. I shall not take any steps in so admitting him until I can receive the instructions from the commanding general. The loss of the Delaware has somewhat delayed the disposition and transfer of the troops under my command. General McCook having been recalled by General Wilson, I have sent Brevet Brigadier-General Tilghman to command in Tallahssee. The garrison will consist of five companies of the Third U. S. Coloed Troops, and five companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers. These last will not probably number more than 200. I purpose to send to five remaining companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers to Lake City with two companies of the Third U. S. Colored Troops. That I think will be sufficient for that point. Owing to some distrubances in the vicinity I was compelled to stop two companies of the Seventeenth at Lake City. I hope to relieve them in a few days. Colonel Wallen will take post at Saint Augustine with five companies and two skelton companies of his regiment. Captain Hancock, of the same regiment, has been sent to Fernandia with three companies, about 125 strong. The troops now there will be relieved. I regret very much the resignation of General Tilghman, as he is a valuable officer and I have no doubt will do well in Tallahassee. I should like very much to have one other regiment (white) and one squadron of cavalry-the cavalry about 100 strong. I propose, if approved, to statione one battalion of the white regiment and one battalion of the Thirty-fourth Colored at Gainesville, retaining the other battalion here. The squadron I would keep for rapid movements to any necessary point. A careful examination and mature consdieration of all

