
the information in my possession leads me to the opinion that sound policy requires the mixing of the kinds of troops, white and colored, in all of the garrisons of the interior. I deem the occupation of Gainesville as controlling the richest and most valuable part of Florida. I have found it necessary to take possession of the railroads and telegraph lines within the limits of my command. I was in hopes that these might have been left to the sveral companies, but I found that the U. S. district attorney was bout to seize them as confiscated property, and it being necessary to my movements I have tkane possession of them. I believe there is an officer in the department charged with the management of railroads; if so will you direct him to take the management of these. I found the ferry between this point and the opposite side of the river was in the same predicament. It has been also seized. The land on the other side of the river, notwithstanding it was occupied by the United States and a wharf was on it built by the United States, was sold. General Tilghman had instructed the provost-marshal to stop the sale of such lands, but owing to what I regard a mere quibble, he saw proper to restrict his operations to Jacksonville. The affiar is the more suspicious as the provost himself was one of the purchasers. I have refused possession of it to him. I think the sale should be annulled on the ground of collusion between the purchasers to the neglect of their duty and the detriment of the public service.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Camp near Finley Hospital, Washington, May 28, 1865-7 a. m.

[General GRANT:]

DEAR GENERAL: I got your letter late last evening, and hastened down to see General Augur, but he was not in, when I saw his officer of the day and provost-marshal, and asked them as a favor to me to arrest and imprison any officer or man belonging to my command who transgressed any orders, rules, or regulations of the place, more especially for acts of drunkenness, noise, or rowdyism.

I also went around to you office, but you were not there, but I saw Colonel Bowrs, and told him what I had done. I was on the streets until midnight, and assure you I never saw moreorder and quiet prevailing. I had also, during yesterday, ridden all through the camps and obsrved no signs of riot and drunkenness, and believe I may assure you that there is no danger whatever that the men we know so well, and have trusted so often, willbe guilty of any acts of public impropriety. The affair at Willard's Hotel was a asmall affair, arising from a heated discussion between a few officers in liquor, late at night, and unobserved save by the few who were up late. I willsee that no officers presume to misbehave because of the unfortunate difference between the Secretary of War and myself. Of that difference I can only say that every officer and man regarded the Secretary's budget in the papers of April 24, the telegram of General Halleck indorsed by himself in those of the 28th, and the perfect storm of accusation which followed, and which he took no pains to correct, as a personal insult to me. I have not yet seen a

