
man, soldier or civilian, but takes the same view of it, and I could not maintain my authority over troops if I tamely submitted to personal insult, but it is none the less wrong for officers to adopt the quarrel, and I will take strong measures to prevent it. I hope the good men of the command will have a few days in which to visit the Capitol and public grunds, to satisfy the natural curiosity, and then if the presence of so large a body of men so near Washington is deemed unpleasant I would suggest that the armies be dissolved, and all matters of discharge be imposed manders, who have the lawful power in the premises, and during the period of pay and discharge and consolidation, these corpsmight be scattered, say one to Bladensburg (Twentieth), one to Relay House (Fourteenth), one to Monocacy (Fifteenth), and one to Frederick (Seventeenth). I would much prefer this to sending them back to the south bank of the Potomac, where they are crowded in with other troops, and have only choice of inferior ground for camps. I think you for leaving the matter oforders to my management, and I will put myself and command perfectly on an understanding with General Augur and his garrison, and assure you that nothing offensive shall occur of any importance. Such little things as a tipsy soldier occasionally cannot be helped, but even that shall be punished according to "local orders. "

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, May 28, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: As I am to-day making my arrangements to go West preparatory to resuming my proper duties, I think it proper tostate a few points on which there is misapprehension in the minds of strangers. I am not a politician, never voted but once in my life, and never read a political platform. If spared, I never will read a political platform or hold any civil office whatever. I venerate the Constitution of the United States, think it as near perfection as possible, and recent events have demonstrated that it vests Government with all the power necessary for self-vindicaiton and the protection to life and property of the inhabitants. To accuse me of giving aid and comfort to copperheads who opposed the war or threw obstacles in the way of its successful prosecution. My opiniions on all matters are very strong, but if I am possessed properly of the views and orders of my superiors I make them my study and conform my conduct to them as though they were my own. The President has only totell me what he wants done and I will do it. I was hurt, outraged, and insulted at Mr. Standon's public arraignment of my motives and actions, at his indorsing General Halleck's insulting and offensive dispatch, and his studied silence when the press accused me of all sorts of base motives, even of selling myself to Jeff. Davis for gold, of sheltering criminals, and entertaining ambitious views at the expense of my country. I respect his office, but cannot him personally till he undoes the injus-

