
tice of the past. I think I have soldierly instincts and feelings, but if this action of mine at all incommoded the President or endangers public harmony all you have to do is to say so and leave me time to seekcivil employment and I will make room. I will serve the Preisdent of the United States not only with fidelity, but with zeal. The Government of the United States and its constituted authorities must be sustained and perpetuated, not for our good alone, but for that of rising and coming generations. I would like Mr. Johnston to read this letter, and to believe me that the newspaper gossip of my having Presidential aspriations is abusrd and offensive to me, and I would check it if I knew how.

As ever, you ardent friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Camp near Washington, May 28, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Armiesof the United States:

COLONEL: I see no public business that calls for my further stay at Washington. I have made my full testimony before the Committee on the Conduct of the War, as ordered, and the four corps under my command here are ingoodcamps, and the company and field officers are busy upon the muster-rolls and papers needed for the payment of the troops, and for disbanding of such as are entitled to discharge under existing orders. You remember that the commanders of military divisions have nothing to do with such matters, so that may longer presence is unnecessary. I will therefore ask for an order or for instrucitons to return to the West, say Louisville, Ky., or wherever the general thinks I should take post. If the territory north of the Ohio River is to be included in the Military Diivsionof the Mississippi, I would prefer, for the sake of economy, to reside in Cincinnati. I would like to take New York and Chicago in my route west, to keep appointments made by my family before my arrival here. I will be ready to leave Washington on Wednesday.

I am, with great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Washington, D. C., May 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in compliance with instructionsof the 26th instant from headquarters Armies of the United States, the inclosed list of general officers of this command now here, with their station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

