
cannot promise to tell you all I would. The army reached Alexandria May 19, and we met an order for the grand review. It came off in magnificent style, and Wherry can tellyou all about it. Stanton offered to shake hands with me in the presence of the President, but I declined, and passed him to sahke hands with Grant. I have been before the war coimmittee and gave a minute account of all matters connected with the convention, which will soon be published in full. Halleck tries to throw off on Stanton, and Stanton on Halleck, and many men went me to be patient under the infliction for the sake of patriotism, but I will not, the matter being more than official, a personal insult, and I have resented it, and shall cointinue to do so. NO man, I don't care who he is, shall insult me publicly or arraign my motives. Mr. Johnston has been more than kind to me, and the howl against me is narrowed down to Halleck and Stnaton, and I have partially resented both. I have watched your course, and approve highly. Maintain peace and good order, and let law and harmony grow up naturally. I would have preferred to leap more directly to the results, but the same end may be attained by the slowr process you adopt. I cannot yet learn that the Executive has clearly laid down any policy, but I have reason to believe Mr. Johnston is not going as far as Mr. Chase in imposing negro votes on the Southern or any States. I nevr heard a negro ask for that, and I think it would be his ruin. I believe it wold result in riots and violence at all the polls, North and South. Besides it is not the province even of our Congress, much less the Executive, to impose conditions on the voters in "organized States. " That is clearly reserved to them. So strong has become the National Government by reason of our successful war, that I laugh at the fears of those who dread that rebels may regain some political powr in their several States. Supposing they do, it is but local and can in no way endanger the whole country. Ifcians are going to divide again into two parties nearly equal and enable the minority of the South to throw its weigh into one or the other scale to govern both it is our fault, not theirs. I believe the whole idea of givin gvotes to the negroes is to create just that many votes to be used by others for political uses, because I believe the negro don't want to vote now, when he is mixed up with the whites in nearly equal portion, making ship dangerous. I think I see already sings that events are sweeping all to the very conclusion I mumped to in my terms, but I have refrained from discussing them till in after times it will be demonstrated that that was the only constitutional mode, whether popular or not. The people of this country are subject to the Constitution, and even they cannot disregard it without revolution, the very thing we have been fighting against.

I am to go West in a few days to resume command of the Division of the Mississippi, embracing all west of the Alleghanies and est of the Mississippi. All Grant waits for is Kirby Smith's action, and I know he will not fight. In that event I willgo to Cincinnati or Louisville. I go in a day or so to Chicago to attend the Fair, and thence home to Lancester, Ohio, where I should be delighted to hear from you. I esteem you as one of the best military minds of our country and hope you will attain the highest honors. I read your letter on the subject of Chase's propositions, and I indorse your action perectly and think Grant does also. You may give to General Cox the assurance of my high esteem, and I commend to you Colonel Willardk Warner, whom you will remember as once on my staff. My best regards to all.

As ever, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

