HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Greensborough, N. C., May 28, 1865.

Brevet Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: From the statements of Mr. Boyson, whom I send to you, I think it absolutely necessary to send about 100men to look after the counties of Henderson and Transylvania. They should be instructed to hunt out robbers and guerrillas anywhere within their reach, and pacify the couny if possible. The order outlawing guerrillas should be published by them as widely as possible and an example of an execution by drum-head cour-martial would, I think, be necessary to make all banditti understand that they are, in fact, outlaws. Please make as careful a selection of an officer for the command as you can; one havingsound sense and self-coantrol, so that the detachment may not be a nuisance themselves. Let such arrangements be made as will enable them to remain a month in that vicinity, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., May 28, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WHEELER,

Twenty-eighth Michigan Infantry Volunteers:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to say to you that he desires you to remain with your regiment in the two counties that you now occupy until further orders. Supplies will be sent by railroad as far as the bridge at the river. It will be necessary for you to send the wagons you have with your command to that point to transport the supplies to your command. After the railroad bridge is finished supplies will be sent to Lincolton by rail, and you will then draw from that point. If you are not able to find twelve Union magistrates he desires you to send the names of other magistrates who are men of good reputation. If these cannot be found, or if there is anything in the character of the magistrates which wold make them particularly objectionable, he desires you to send the names of citizens not magistrates whom you think suitable persons. The general wishes you to send in the names of the persons selected as magistrates before you organize the police. I send you copies of orders from superior headquarters. You will notice particularly Department General Orders, Numbers 58, and will send word by the bearer of this whether or not you desire to remain in service. Also prepare the list of officers of your regiment as directed by General Orders, Numbers 8, Twenty-third Army Corps, as soon as possible. Pleasae send reports and returns due on rturn of the messenger to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. HALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 28, 1865-11. 30 p. m.

General Q. A. GILLMORE:

General Grant has ordered Judge Campbell, R. M. T. Hunter, and Seddon, late Secretary of War, to be sent to Fort Pulaski, to be held in

