
custoy there until further orders. They are now at Richmiond and will be forwarded immediately. You will receive and hold them in safe custody.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,May 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General TOWNSEND, Washington:

I have Governor Magrath, of South Carolina, here in arrest, subject to orders from Washington. I again call attention to the necessity for cavalry in this department to patrol the country and prevent disorder.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 264. Washington, May 29, 1865.

* * * * * *

2. Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the Army of the Tennessee, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Weitzel, commanding Twenty-fifth Army Corps, for duty. His assistant adjutant-general, assistant quartermaster, and personal aides-de-camp will accompany him.

3. Dwight's division, commanded by Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, and now serving in the Department of Washington, will (immediately after the muster out and separating from it of the officers and men to be discharged) proceed without delay to Savannah, Ga., and from there report by letter to the commanding general of the Department of the South. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

9. The Army of the Tennessee and the Army of Georgia, except troops belonging in the East, immediately after the muster and separation of the troops to be discharged, under existing orders, from those to be retained, will proceed without delay to Louisville, Ky., where they will rendezvous until further orders. All regiments and batteries of light artillery will turn in to the Ordnance and Quartermaster's Departments here their guns, equipments, and horses. All Eastern troops will report to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington, for orders. The greatest possible dispatch is required in the execution of this order. The Pay Department will make arrangements for the payment of such of these troops as go to Louisville immediately upon their reaching their destination.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Raleigh:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteer organizations of white troops in your command whose terms of service expire between

