
this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service. The musters out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th instant, from this office. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of srvice expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transfrred to other organizations from the same State, to veteran regiments when practicable, and when not practicable, to regiments having the longest time to serve. It is proper to add that this order will discharge as follows:

First. The three years' regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1, of that year.

Second. Three years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates.

Third. One year's men for new and old organizations, who entered the service prior to October 1, 1864. Shold your command be reduced prejudicially to the service by this order you are authorized to suspend it in whole or in part, promptly notifying the Adjutant-General of the Army with view to receiving further instructions. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General Q. A. Gillmore, commanding Department of the South, Charleston; Major General J. H. Wilson, commanding, Macon, Ga. ; Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans.)

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

All officers and men belonging to this command, now here, whose terms of sercie expire prior to September 30, 1865, will be immediately mustered on muste-out rolls, and sent forward to the rendezvous designated in their respective States for payment, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department. No payments will be made to troops to be discharged until the reach their respective States and rendezvous. Immediately after the sendingoff of those troops to be discharged as above, the remaining troops will be mustered for payment to the 30th of April, 1865. Corps commanders will give their personal attention and superintendence to the executiion of these orders.

By command of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 65. Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

* * * * * *

XII. The Army of the Tennessee, other than such troops as are excepted in paragraph 9, of Special Orders, Numbers 264, from headquarters Armies of the United States, May 29, 1865, will be ready to move on the 31st instant en route to Louisville, Ky. The command will move in detachments of about 7,000 men in charge of the senior officer of the

