
detachment with four days' cooked rations, the troops of the Fifteenth Army Corps moving first. On arriving at Louisville, Ky., the troops will go into camps selected for them, and each successive detachment as it arrives will report to this camp, and the senior officer present take command of the entire camp, and make all needful regulations for the government and supply of the troops, police of camp, &amp;c., until the arrival of the proper commanding officer. Corps commanders will send an officer of the quartemraster's and commissary department to make immediately arrangements for supplies of subsistence and transportation. Colonel J. T. Conklin, chief quartmeraster of the army, will make immediate arrangements for the transportation of the troops hence. Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, chief commissary of subsistence, Fifteenth Army Corps, will act as chief commissary of subsistence of the army until the return of Colonel Remick, and make the necessary arrangements for the supply of the army. All quartermaster's property, stores, transportation, animals., &c., and all ordnance and ordnance stroes, horses and equipments of batteries of light artillery will be immediately turned in to the proper depot here. Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale will, in addition, turn in all engineer material and report with his command to Major-General Hazen, for the purpose of transportation. Commanding officers of batteries after turning in their ordnance and ordnance stores, horses equipments, &c., will be assigned with their company organization one to each division, for the purpose of transportation to the place of rendezvous. All troops to be mustered out under existing orders will be immediately separated from the others and organized under proper officers and remain in camp here until arrangements are made and the muster out completed. All Eastern regiments will immediately report to Major-General Augur, commanding the Department of Washington. As soon as the different detachments are incamp at Louisville preparations will be made to pay the troops, and to that end the muster and pay rolls must be immediately completed. Commanding officers of detachments will be held strictly accountable that the troops while en route and while assembling at the rendezvous conduct themselves in strictly soldierly and orderly manner.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

Major General WILLIAM B. HAZEN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send an officer of your staff to report at these headquarters to-morow morning to make arrangements to proceed to Louisville, Ky., with an officer from these headquarters, for the purpose of selecting suitable camping grounds for the army in that locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Blair.)

