
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 35. Washington, D. C., Army 29, 1865.

In order to comply with the provisions of telegram order from the War Department dated May 19, 1865, division commanders will immediately transfer all enlisted men whoste terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, belonging to regiments whose term of service expires prior to said date, to veteran regiments, when practicable, from the same State, I fnot, to the regiment having the longest term to serve. The muster an descriptive rolls will be made out as directed by Circular Numbers 64, War Department, series of 1865.

By command of Major General William B. Hazen:

H. N. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to notify you to hold your command in readiness to be transported west by railin the proportion of 7,000 men daily, all transportation and surplusstores being turned in to the respective depots at this point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

Having been, by special order of the War Department, assigned to duty in a distant field,* and which severs the official relations which have existed between myself and the troops of this command since its organization as a brigade, I cannot take leave of you without expressing my sincere thanks to the officers and enlisted men of the brigade for the uniform courtesy and respect which has been extended to me. So long as I shall retain the faculty of memory it will be a source of pride to me that I have served with such troops. I have witnessed your conduct and bearing under almost every species of trialtghat soldiers can encounter, adn you have never failed or faltered. I know that in leaving you I leave troops that can do anything that was ever done by troops. Having shared with you common trials and dangers, and having often witnessed your devotion in the defense of our country's cause, and rejoicing with you in the glorious triumph of that sacred cause, I cannot but feel regret in taking my leave, but I leave you in obedience to orders. Congratulating you that your work as soldiers is nearly done and well done, I shall ever cherish a kindly feeling for you, and trust you will believe me when I assure you that for each and all of yu there will be while life lasts a warm place in my heart, with asicnere prayer that Heavenmy ever smile on you and yours. I must say farewell.

J. W. SPRAGUE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1170.

---------------

