
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Near Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith having been assigned from this to another command, I hereby assume command of the division. All standing orders will remain in force and the usual reports be made.

W. W. BELKNAP,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 78. Near Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

* * * * * *

III. No officer or enlisted men of this command will be permitted to visit the city of Washington except upon a pass approved by his corps commander or by the commanding general Army of Georgia.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Slocum:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. Near Washington, D. C., May 29, 1865.

I. Every effort must at once be made to produce in this division the best state of discipline. The stated roll-calls prescribed by Army Regulations, dress parades, and guard mountings, will be held daily. Brigade commanders will regulate the hours for these calls and parades and have all calls sounded at their headquarters. The men must be kept within the limits of the division camp. The number of men allowed to visit the city of Washington or vicinity daily will be limited to 5 per cent. of those present, and all who receive passesmust be neatly dressed and in all cases wear the waist-belt. The soldiers of this command must be made to know that we are no longer in an enemy's country, but that we are among friends, and that all destruciton, disfiguration, or taking of private property is a serious offense and will most certainly receive punishment. Officers of any grade must not wait for instructions as to whether they shall prevent plunder or destruction of property, but they must correct the evil at once, taking as a reul that all cases of conduct exhisting orders. In order that these requirements shall be careid out, brigade commanders will require their inspectors to visit their camps and especially the vicinities thereof, daily, to see that al lobey them. General Buell will furnish a daily detail to patrol the raod from the division camps to the main entrance to Glenwood Cemetery, and also on either side of the road. General Hobard will furnish a daily detail sufficient to patrol the country between the division camps and the camps of General Baird's division. Colonel Hambright will furnish a detail to patrol the grounds on which he is encamped and the road leading to General Morgan's camps. These patrols will be under charge of a commissioned officer, and will be instructed to arrest all men, no matter of what command, guilty of misconduct, and turn them over to the provost-marshal of the division through provost-marshals of brigades. The general commanding believes there will be no men of his command to arrest, but there has been too much destruction of private property and

