
it must be stopped. Stock must not be turned loose on the country, and when loose must be properly guarded to prevent it from breaking into inclosures or trespassing on growing corps where fences have been destroyed. This order will be published to every regiment in this division immediately.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. C. Walcutt:

J. E. EDMONDS,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Give every facility and encouragement to getting to market cotton and other Southern products. Let there be no seizure of private property or searching to look after Confederate cotton. The financesof the country demand that all articles of export should be got to market as speedily as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to commanding officers at Savannah, Ga., and Augusta, Ga., and General Gillmore, Hilton Head, S. C.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., May 29, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch concerning cotton and other products is received. I some time ago removed all military restrictions upon trade and have given every facility for carrying cotton and other products to market. The only obstalces in the way are the restrictons of the Treasury Department. It would be a blessing to the country if the whole system could be abolished. Now only one man in North Carolina is authorized to buy cotton, and he does not pay money for it. It is impossible for people to get their products to market in this way.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 29, 1865.

D. HEATON,

Treasury Agent, Wilmington, N. C.:

The following dispatch is just received from General Grant. * As I have some time since taken the course General Grant directs, so far as this army is concerned, I refer the matter to you. Why cannot the Government tax of 25 per cent. be collected at Wilmington, New Berne, or Richmond, and let everybody purchase and ship the products of the State?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See second, ante.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

