HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 29, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 28th instant Mayor R. D. Arnold, of Savannah, presented to me the proceedings of a public meeting held at Savannah on the 26th, with a memorial to His Excellency the President adopted thereat. I inclose a copy of such proceedings and memorial, with my indorsement thereon. The meeting was held at the Exchange in pursuance of a call signed by the mayor, which was published in the twodaily papers of that city. I have returned the papers to Mayor Arnold, through General Grover, indorsed according to the inclosed copy, permitting him and his committee to go North. The antecedents of the committee which reported the memorial, so far as I can ascertain, are as follows: William S. Rockwell, late a colonel in the rebel army, who remained in Savannah when General Hardee evacuated it. He introduced the resolutions at the public meeting of December 28, 1864. John Stoddard, of Northern birth, and has lived at the South for thirty years. He has not been an office-holder, but is reliably reported tome as having been a bitter secessionist. Isaac Cohen, and aged merchant, never an active politician. A. Porter, cashier of Bank of the State of Georgia, seventy years of age. N. B. Knapp, of Northern birth, resident here for thirty years, and justice of the inferior or country court. Henry Brigham, of Northern birth, now an alderman, and has been such during the rebellion. N. A. Hardee, a brotherof the rebel General Hardee, a cotton merchant. T. G. Mills, not an active politician; a business man. H. Roberts, and alderman, president of Merchants and Planters' Bank. G. W. Wylly, an alderman. L. S. Bennett, regarded as loyal during the rebellion. I think that without injustice it my be said that noen of these gentlemen were in any manner regarded by the community as being loyal to the National Government during the continuance of the rebellion with the single excpetion of Mr. Bennett. I have no doubt, however, that it is the purpose of all to submit to the National Government now. In my respectful judgment a continuance of the military control over the State of Georgia is imperatively demanded, and the commanding general should be furnished with a cavalry force of at least 2,000 for the entire Department of the south, as heretofore recommended, so that he may keep up constant communicationbetween scattered posts, and be able to reach quickly any point where disorder may be threatened. I do not believe that any civil government can be immediately established which would have the strength or possess sufficiently the confidence of the people to answer the ends of good government and preserve quiet. I have instructed my subordinate cmmanders to act promptly and effectually in the suppression of all disorders, to encourage all to go to work, and to promote by all just means a returning spirit of loyalty. I am preparing, and shall issue as soon as possible, instructions to my district and post commanders, directing them to establish provost coal of petty offenses against good order, and the enforcement of such civil claims and contracts among the people as need immediate decision. I propose to invite the local magistrates to sit with the military officers upon these courts, where such magistrates take the oath of allegiance and are within the terms of the amnesty proclamation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

