
[Inclosure.]

SAVANNAH, GA., May 26, 1865.

An adjourned meeting of the citizens of Chatham County was held this day at the Savannah Exchange, in obedience to a call of the chairman, Richard D. Arnold, esq., mayor of Savannah. John J. Kelly, John Gammell, and Joihn R. Wilder were appointed secretaries. The chairman opened the meeting in a brief address explaining the object of the call, whereupon, on motion of Honorable William Law, the following-named gentlemen were appointed a committee to report business for the consideration of the meeting, viz: William S. Rockwell, John Stoddard, Isaac Cohen, A. Porter, N. B. Knap, H. Brigham, N. A. Hardee, T. G. Mills, L. S. Bennett, H. Roberts, and G. W. Wylly, who retired, and after due consideration returned and reported the memorial herewith attached, which, on being presented to the meeting, was unanimously adopted. The following resolution was offered by the committee, which was adopted unanimously:

Resolved, That the chairman of this meeting, with such other citizens as he may associate with him, not exceeding four in number, be a committee to present in person the action of this meeting to the consideration of His Excellency the President of the United State, and that the expense thereof be borne by the city.

On motion the meeting adjourned subject to the call of the chairman.

R. D. ARNOLD,

Chairman.

JOHN J. KELLY,

JOHN GAMMELL,

JOHN R. WILDER,

Secretaries.

[Sub-inclosure.]

HIS EXCELLENCY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

We, the citizens of Chatham County, of the State of Georgia, in county meeting assembled, most respectfully present to Your Excellency that we have looked with deep interest upon the unsettled situation of our State, being without civil government and but partially protected by military rule, and thus exosed to repeated depredations and violence from bands of lawless men, whites and blacks, making raids and attacks upon the persons and property and comfort of quiet citizens in the country, discouraging them in their efforts to cultivate the growing crops, and compelling many to seek safety in removal to the cities and towns, and forced to obtain support from the supplies of Government rations. The daily increasing irregularities causing us to apprehend more extended depredations throughout the State, probably resulting in the abandonment and loss of the greater portioof the present year's corps, and subjecting the people of the State to the peril of famine and anarchy, and threatening todrive them away from their homes and compel emigration to more peaceful homes in other States, and from the existing dangers deter them from sending their cotton and other produce, now ready for sale, to market. Believing, as we do, that unless our State be speedily placed under a more systematic and efficient government the growing crops will be seriously endangered, a large portion of our population be lost to the State, and terminating in a destructive collision between the races composing our poulation, we, the people of Chatham County, speaking for ourselves, and in which we have reason to believe that our fellow-citizens of the other counties of the State will concut, invoke Your Excellency to protect our people and State from the painful and dire calamities we so seriously

