
apprehend, and which already have been often realized in our vicinity, in re-establishing its civil government with all its security and prosperty so much needed and desired, or establishing any other efficient government which wold protect them from the present and more impending dangers and losses so immediately threatening them; and should the wisdom of the Executive determine on the policy of appointing a military governor over the State, we trust that one may be speedily appointed imbued with wisdom, moderation, and justice, to administer its affairs in the protection of its citizens, and fostering its energy and industrial pursuits, until the State shall have been fully restored to its former union under the Federal Government, and again blessed with a restoration of its civil rights and government, which earnestly we solicit may be soon bestowed upon us. All of which is very respectfully submitted.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 30, 1865.

Respectfully returned, through Brevet Major-General Grover, commanding District of Savannah, to Mayor R. D. Arnold, of Savannah, who personally presented at these headquarters the within proceedings of a public meeting and its annexed memorial to His Excellency the President, with a verbal reqest that he and a commitee of three be authorized to proceed to Washington and perosnally present these proceedings and the memorial to the President. I know that there has been disorder in parts of Georgia unoccupied by the national military force, and that in the unsettled conditon of that State there will probably be like disorder in such districts hereafter. I am accordingly distributing the forces under my command so as to occupy the more important points and lines of communication in the central and eastern half of the State. I have already ordered the occupation of the lines of the Altamaha and Ocmulagee Rivers as far inland as Hawkinsville, of the Gulf Railroad from Doctor Town to Thomasville, and of the Savannah River to Augusta. The western part of the State is held by General Wilson's cavalry. So soon as I receive the cavalry for which I have applied to the War Department I will be able to extend my military lines over the entire State, if so ordered, and can at any time rach any remote point where disorder may occur. As to the request contained herein for the re-establishment of civil local government I have nothing to do. These are civil questions for the decision of the executive and civil branches of the National Government. During the continuance of martial law, and while I remain in commandof the department, I shall exercise the full military power to repress disorder, to effectually punish all crime, and to do justice. All powerful organized resistance to the national authority has now ceased within the State of Georgia, and commercial intercourse has been resumed between the loyal and the insurrectionary States. To give effect within my command to the liberal policy of the President, as published in his recen orders upon trade, I have, by a general order, removed all restrictions requiring provost-marshals' passes to enable civilians to enter or leave the department. Mayor Arnold and his associates do not require any authority from these headquarters to permit them to proceed to the North. Should they visit Washington to pesent their memorial to the President, they are respectfully requested to lay this indorsement before him in connection therewith.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

