
WASHINGTON, May 30, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully recommend the appointement of Bvt. Brigadier General W. T. Clark to the full rank of brigadier-general. I am desirous of sending General Clark to Texas in command of a division of the Twenty-fifth Corps, and, as the last of that corps is now about sailing, I would respectfully ask immediate attention. General Clark was appointed a full brigadier-general from the 25th of January, 1865, but afterward his appointement was changed to a brevet. If it can be done, I would now ask to have his appointement bear that date.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Armies of the United States:

COLONEL: I have this day recommended for brevet the officers of my personal staff, including Colonel O. M. Poe, of the engineers. You will remember that Colonel Poe was at one time appointed by President Lincoln a brigadier-general and actually exercised the command, but by reason of the numbers of appointments exceeding the law some were not confirmed, amng the number Colonel Poe. This reason, together with the more important one of services of the highest value, induces me to write this special letter again recommending that Colonel Poe be brevetted a brigadier-general U. S. Army.

I am, with great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[MAY 30, 1865. -For Sherman to Rawlins, requesting that certain corrections be made in his (Sherman's) report of May 9, 1865, see part I, p. 42.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

SIR: Yours of May 25, duplicate, reached me here last night. The original was duly received and copies furnished army commanders (Logan and Thomas), with instructions to anser direct. But as the information may be wanted by the Secretary I answer your inquiries as freely as I can.

First. Much progress has been made in the muster out and rolls of dishcarges and actual muster out will begin to-day. General Slocum thinks he can complete the rollds and discharges in the course of ten days. Second. Regiments will commence returning to their respective destinations to-morrow at the rate of about 7,000 per day. Third. In ten days I think all my army should be en route for their homes or to their new camps of rendezvous. I now add that the theory of the military division as communicated to me was to leave the commander

