
free of all minor details that hismind could be wholly occupied with the higher strategies of war. Inasmuch as there is now no war, if it be desirable that I, as other commanders of military divisions, should give personal attention to minor matters, it wuld be well to issue general orders to that effect. I believe, however, my corps and army commanders are working hard to complete the muster out with all possible dispatch consistent with the accuracy necessary in the multitude of muster-rolls, discharges, final steamers, certificates for pensions, &amp;c.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 30, 1865. -For Sherman's farewell address to his army, see Special Field Orders, Numbers 76, Part I, p. 44.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 15. Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

I. In accordance with instructions contained in a circular letter from the Adjutant-General of the Army, bearing date War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, May 29, 1865, corps commanders will at once put en route for the rendezvous designated in Circular Numbers 19, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, for the reception of troops to be mustered out of the service, all batteries of artillery now serving in their commands. Before moving from their present camps all public property will be turned ovr to the proper officer of the supply departments concerned.

II. Where posts of organizations are mustered out the men will be formed in detachments under command of one or more officers, and attached temporarily to some regiment en route for the same State rendezvous for final discharge from the service, and the men will not be sent in straggling squads to their respective States. These officers will be charged with the muster-our rolls and other records, as porivided in General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office.

III. Prior to the movement of a command from this city, either to Louisville, Ky., or to their respective State rendezvous, application will be made by corps commanders or other officers to Brigadier-General Rucker, depot quartermaster, for the necessary transportation. The number of men to be transported and a list of the command will accompany the application.

IV. All regiments and detachments to be mustered out under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, and of telegraphic instructions of May 18, 1865, will remain in their present camps until the muster out shall have been completed, when they will be forwarded to their respective States as therein directed. The assistant commissaries ofmusters of divisons will remain with the troops of their several divisions until the musters out are performed and the troops have been placed en route for their States, when they will rejoin the army at Louisville, Ky. They are hereby empowered to make directly to the War Department the tri-monthly reports of troops mustered out, called for in Circular Numbers 18, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, and are further directed to transmit the several copies of the muster-out rolls directly to their destinations. Corps commissaries of musters will accompany the army. Division commanders will designate one field officer to take charge of the regiments and

