
and sent out without delay. Send 300 or 400 contrabands to work at unloading boats and cars. If the wafon trains are kept mving steadily the army can be refitted before the railroadto Goldsborough can be used to advanctage.

M. C. GARBER,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Colonel GARBER,

Quartermaster, Kinston:

Your telegram in reference to forwarding supplies is recieved, and is exceedingly satisfactory. Go on as you have, dispatching trains sent you. More will be sent, which you can load and send out to us. Gangs of laborers will be sent you by the next train.

The water trasportation will be kept in use.

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISLION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., Marhc 24, 1865.

To His Excellency FREDERICK F. LOW,

Governor of California:

DEAR SIR: It gave me gret plasure on my arrival here yesterday to recive your letter* of january 2, and I shall convey to the army the thanks of the people of California by the very language in which yu have so wel expressed them. I do not believe a body of men ever existed who were inspired by nobler impulses or a hoher cause than they who compose this army, and yet I know that each individual of it will feel a new pride when he is assured that far off on the golden coast of the pacific, hundreds of thousands o four fellow- citizens have haled our progress through this land whose inhabitants had well- nigh brought our Gernment to ruin and infamy. I think when the tidings reach you of our more recent march from Savannah to Goldsborough you will find it a fit sequel to the Atlanta campaign, and we shall spare no efforts to make it also the precursor of yet another, which we pray may be final. Acept my personal thanks, and know that it was in California we learned the art of making long jouirneys with safety, to endure privtions with cheerfulness, and to thriveunder the most adverse circumstances, and thesehave enabled us to make strides in war which may seem gingantic to the euninitiated. I bid you all to be of good cheer, for there are plenty of brave men still feft who are determined that the sun, as he daily reviews our continent fomthe Chesapeake to San Francisco Bay, shall see a united peo; oe, andnot a bundle of quarreling factions.

I am, with gret resepct, your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV, p. 17.

---------------

