
GOLDSBOROUGH, March 30, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Telegram just received. Let me suggest, at the instance of General Slocum, that you have a good train guard. A division of cavalry passed around to the east of us two days since.

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., March 30, 1865.

General EASTON, Goldsborough:

General McCallum is with me and will be here in an hour. We came from City Point in the naval steamer Bat through Hatteras Inlet, but she broke down ten miles below, and I came up in a small row-boat, and have sent a tug down for the rest. I will be up. I got at norfolk twenty-five barges of 150 tons, and five tugs. The best we can do will be to bring up to Kinston in barges 3,000 tons of supplies and load up our supply trains there about the 6th of April. In the meantime the railroadcan supply clothing and immediate wants. Make your calculations to have all our men provided and equipped ready to start for our next objective by or before April 10. General Grant's army is in motion. It started yesterday, and I don't see how Lee can refuse to accept battle at once. We must be ready as soon as possible. Take a minute account of transportation, so as to divide it out according to effective strength. When we start I want you and Beckwith to move by water to another point on the coast I will designate.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 152. Washington, May 30, 1865.

* * * * *

20. Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-gneeral of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the First Army Corps, and will report in person without delay to Brevet Major-General Grover, U. S. Volunteers, commanding District of Savannah, at Savannah, Ga., for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

26. Brigadier General Charles J. Stolbrand, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Armcy:

GENERAL: I desire to recommend First Lieutenant General George W. Freeman, of the First New York Light Artillery, and request his appointment as assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, with rank of captain. He

