
detachments from their commands left in this city for muster out of service, and it shall be his duty to see that the troops in proper organizatins and under suitable officers are placed en route for the State rendezvous after the muster out shall have been made.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 66. Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

* * * * * *

IX. In accordance with instructions from the lieutenant-general, corps commanders will at once establish guards at all houses and over all private property in the immediate neighborhood of their camps, with directions to protect the same from interference on the part of soldiers. Greater circumspection is enjoined in the granting of passes to visit the city of Washington, and care should be taken to keep the men in their camps unless their absence is authorized by proper authority.

* * * * * *

XIII. The movement to Louisville, Ky., indicated in paragraph XII, Special Orders, Numbers 65, current series, from these headquarters, will commence to-morrow, the 31st instant, in the manner therein directed.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Army of the Tennessee, under date of May 29, 1865, I have the honor to report that the following regiments and detachments of this command will be mustered out under General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office:

FIRST DIVISION.

Bvt. Major General C. R. WOODS, commanding.

25th Iowa Volunteers.

30th Iowa Volunteers.

100th Indiana Volunteers.

29th Missouri Volunteers.

93rd Illinois Volunteers (one company of).

26th Iowa Volunteers.

97th Indiana Volunteers.

27th Missouri (major portion of)

31st and 32nd Missouri Volunteers (consolidated battalion of).

12th Indiana Volunteers.

SECOND DIVISION.

Brigadier General J. M. OLIVER commanding.

111th Illinois Volunteers
116th Illinois Volunteers (all the company organizations)

99th Indiana Volunteers (six companies mustere dout).

83rd Indiana Volunteers (nine companies mustered out).

127th Illinois Volunteers (nine companies mustered out).

90th Illinois Volunteers (nine companies mustered out).

There are detachments in all the other regiments entitled to be mustered out.

