
FOURTH DIVISION.

Bvti. Major General J. M. CORSE commanding.

66th Indiana Volunteers.

7th Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

12th Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

50th Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

52nd Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

57th Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

63rd Illinois Volunteers (detachment of).

66th Indiana Volunteers (detachment of).

2nd Iowa Volunteers (detachment of).

7th Iowa Volunteers (detachment of).

48th Indiana Volunteers (detachment of).

59th Indiana Volunteers (detachment of).

81st Ohio Volunteers (detachment of).

18th Wisconsin Volunteers (detachment of).

39th Iowa Volunteers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUBERT S. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 134. Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

III. The corps will be in readinees by to-morrow, 31st instant, to be transported to Louisville, Ky., and in view of the speedy preparation necessary, all officers, unless per urgent reasons, must remain with their commands and personally superintend their preparations.

* * * * * * * *

VII. Commanders of division, brigades, and regiments will not deflect from the rescribed route, but will in person and trough their staff officers give their entire attention to moving their commands, and will be held personally responsible for the expeditious use of transportation put their and the good conduct of their men. Great vigilance will be necessary at all points of transshipment. In case organizations cannot be taken entire staff officers will be disposed so that no portion of the command be out of the control of its proper commanders.

By order of Major General William B. Hazen:

H. N. WHEELER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 93. Crystal Springs, D. C., May 30, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

V. The division will break camp at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, the 31st instant, with a view to moving by railroad to Louisville, Ky., marching from camp in the order of First, Second, and Third Brigades. All regiment organizations and detachments of men entitled to muster our under the provisions of telegram order from the War Department of date May 18, 1865, will remain in camp, their respective commanding officers reporting for orders to Bvt. Brigadier General George A. Stone, who is hereby assigned to command of the portion of the division referred to.

VI. Brigade quartermasters will immediately turn over all transportaion, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster's property in their possession to Captain Schenk, assistant quartermaster of this division. Regiment quartermaster of the division are directed to remain at this place, and under direction of Captain Schenk, assistant

