
quartermaster, turn over to the proper receiving officers all quartermaster's property, transportation, camp and garrison equipage, for which they are responsible. Upon a compliance with these instructions they will rejoin their respective commands t Louisville, Ky., without unnecessary delay.

VII. Regimental commanders having detachments at this place without officers to be mustered out service, will immediately turn over the arms, accouterments, &amp;c, of the men so left, to Captain John J. Metzgar, acting ordnance officer of the division.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED H. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 30, 1865-10. 40 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Richmond, N. C.:

There is no restriction on the purchase of cotton or other products in the South. Any one who wishes can purchase and ship, the only restrisction being that all cotton going out must pay at the sea-port where shipped one-fourth. This tax is not required on other articles and I hope will be removed from cotton.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 30, 1865.

Colonel D. HEATON,

Treasury Agent, Wilmington, N. C.:

General Grant informs me that all restrictions upon the purchase of cotton and other products have been remover. All persons may purchase and ship. The Government tax to be paid at the sea-port.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. dEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 68. ARMY OF THE OHIO Raleigh, N. C., May 30, 1865.

All seizures of cotton or other products, or of other private property of whatever kind, are prohibited. All restrictions upon the purchase and shipment of the products of the country have been removed. All person except those in the military service and authorized to purchase and ship to market cotton and other products without restriction The Government tax of 25 per cent. upon cotton will be paid at the sea-port from which the shipment is made, The quartermaster's departmnet will afford all possible facilities for the shipment of cotton and oher products over the military railroads. All commanding officers are required to enforce the prohibitions of this order and to encourage people to send products of the country to market. They will also gve purchasers and shippers necessary protection as far as practicable.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

