
CIRCULAR, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Brightwood, D. C., June 1, 1865.

Reveille will be sounded at 3 a. m. to-morrow, the 2nd instant, and the division will move promptly at 4. 30 in the following order: First, the Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General Wells S. Jones commanding; second, the Thid Brigade, Colonel Fred. S. Hutchinson commanding; third, the First Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General Theodore Jones commanding. Bvt. Brigadier General Theodore Jones, commanding First Brigade, will detail 100 men, under command of Major P. G. Galvin, Sixth Missouri Veteran Volunteers, as provost guard, to remain at the depot and come forward with the rear command. The men driving the teams of the First Brigade, turned over to LIeutenant Capron, will remain there until relieved by him. The baggage no absolutely necessary for use to-night will be collected by 5 p. m. ready for transportation. Brigade commanders will cause officers of the day for every regiment to be detailed and proper guards established on the cars, to see that no men are left while en route for Parkersburg, and after embarking of boat at that place they will have officers of the day detailed for each boat, and when the boats land for wood or other purposes no men will be permitted to go ashore. Brigade commanders will not permit boats to land at Cincinnati. If it is necessary for the boats to stop there they must anchor out in the stream.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Oliver:

G. LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutnt-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1865.

Colonel F. S. HUTCHINSON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will have 950 men of your brigade at the depot on Maryland avenue ready to embark at 5 o'clock this evening. Have them move from camp at 3 p. m. Send the baggage down at once to the Government depot. Have your quartermaster call on Lieutenant Capron for transportation for baggage to depot. Leave sufficient men with wagons to load and unload them rapidly. Designate some officer to remain with and lake charge of the horses and baggage of the troops that are going. I would suggest that you send the Fifteenth Michigan. If you don't send this regiment sen other organizations sufficient to make the number 950.

By order of Brigadier General J. M. Oliver:

G. LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 139. Washington, D. C., June 1, 1865.

IV. Brigadier General W. W. Belknap, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Fourth Division of this corps in place of Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith, assigned to duty in the Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

C. CADLE JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

