
RALEIGH, N. C., June 1, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

The troops in General Palmer's district do not belong to any organized croops they are in a bad state of inefficincy and disorganization. I think it would be best to muster them all out of service. I am compelled to relieve them all in order to correct thhe abuses which have grown out of long-continued post duty.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 1, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

You may have muster-out rolls prepared for all the troops under General Palmer, and whem completed send them to their States for payment and discharge. Notify the Adjutant-General when you will be ready to commence shipping them. Will you require any re-enforcements to enable you to carry out all the orders for mustering out troops?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., June 1, 1865.

(Received 9 a. m. 2nd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

I will have plenty of troops for this State after mustering out all that have been ordered te be mustered out.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 77. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Raleigh, N. C., June 1, 1865.

I. The following changes in the stations of troops will be made without unnecessary delay. Brevet Major-General Paine will send one brigade of his division to Wilmington, to report for duty to Brigadier-General Hawley. General Hawley will send one regiment of his present command to occupy Goldsborough, and will encamp the other regiments near the mounth of Cape Fear River. Brevet Major-General Paine, with two brigades of his division, will relieve all troops now serving in the District of Beaufort, except the colored troops. The Foruteenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery is hereby assigned to General Paine's division. General Palmer will encamp his troops, as they are relieved, at some point near New Berne, prepared for the muster out of susch as are ordered to be mustered out of service, and place the remainder in a complete state of organization adn efficiency, as speedily as possible. All officers on detached service in the District of Beaufort, except

39 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

