
has been long and favorably known to me as a faithful and energetic officer, and is in every respect competent. I desire his appointment that he may be assigned to duty with the chief of artillery at these headquarters, to takek charge of the business of that office. There have lately occurred the following vacanies in the adjutant general's department at these headquarters: Captain Wimer Bedford, resigned; Captain J. H. Munroe, resigned; Captain A. P. Gilbert, resigned. I request that his appointment be made to fill either of these vacanies.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Major General W. F. BARRY,

Chief of Artillery, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you recommend Major T. W. Osborn, chief of artillery of this army, for two brevets. First, for gallantry and remarkable efficiency at Gettysburg, to be brevetted lieuenant-colonel. Second, for faithfulness and efficiency in the performance of his duties the Atlanta, the Savannah, and the Carolina campaign, to be brevetted colonel. I have constantly pressed his claim, and think some accident must have caused his case to be overlooked. Interested as you are in your own department I doubt not you will aid me in procuring Major Osborn's promotion.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESEE,Goldsborough, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will please cause to be detailed from your command one small regiment for special duty, to report to Colonel James Wilson, provost-marshal-general at these headquarters, as soon as possible. They will report with their camp and garrison equipage, and Colonel Wilson will designate the ground for their camp.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hazen, commanding Second Division, who will please make the detail within asked for.

By order of Major-General Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

