
such as may have been assigned from department headquarters, will be relieved by officers from General Paine's division, and will join their regiments. Brevet Major-General Paine will relieve Brigadier-General Palmer in command of the District of Beaufort.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Charlotte, N. C., June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the major-general commanding corps, that the selection of magistrates for the counties of Anson, Union, Mecklenburg, Gaston, and Cleveland has been made, and lists are herewith sent*. The police force is also organized in all the counties but the county of Cleveland, where Colonel Wheeler, Twenty-eight Michigan Infantry, who has that county and Gaston County in charge, had not at last advice become sufficiently acquainted with the character of the people, whom he represents as being generally disoyal. I also send herewith copy of order appointing Captain J. C. Barnett, Company B, One hundred and twenty-eight Indiana Infantry, as assistant supernitendent of freedmen*. The assistant commissary of musters of this division was yesterday oredered to Raleigh, with clerks, &amp;c., by telegraphic order from department headquarters. The dispatch, directed to him from the assistant commissary of musters at corps headquarters, required terms of service expiring before October 1, 1865, was received. The information sought is contained in a eport which I send herewith*. The reports of the qualifications of officers required by General Orders, Numbers 58, department headquarters, will be ready in a few days. Two of the regiments of the division are some distance away, which will cause some delay. The collection of property is still in progress. I have sent my ordnance officer to Chester, S. C., to see to some stores thee, inclunding some artillery, I am told. I shouls like to station a part at least of Colonel Wheeler's regiment at Lincoln as soon as the railroad is in condition to carry stores to that point. He can now attend to the organization of police and selection of magistrates for that county, if desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient serdvant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Salisbuty, N. C., June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Twenty-third Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have taken pains since occupying this place to make such inquiries as would fix the responsibility of the ill-management of the prison at this point. Public suspiscion and the reports of the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

