
citizen ndicated Major Abe. Myers (a Jew) and Major Mason Morfit, quartermaster, as the guilty parties. Myers was at once paroled not to leave this town, and a search was made fro Morfit, whch resulted in his arrest about a week ago in an adjoining county. Since his arrival here he has satisfied me ane my officers that during hi short administration he did the best he could under the orders he received, and that the suffering of the prisoners caused by any lack of quartermaster's supplies is not to be laid to his negligence or inhumanity, but to the indisposition of the rebel Government to fill his requisitions. Myers was a poor man when the war began. He has during the war, so far as can be learned from many honest and observing citizens, septn $75,000 or $80,000 on his estate, supported two or three families (including his own), and asccumulated some ready money. He claims to have done the best he could for the prisoners, but the fact remains that he fattened while they starved, and that he made money out of the commissary department; whether by stealing from the rebel garrison of from prisoners I am unable to show. It will be difficult to prove anything against him. The main instrument of the rebel Government here was Major John. H. Gee, of a Florida regiment. He, by all accounts, was barbarous, brutal, and avaricious. Numberless citizens have testified that he on very many occasions absolutely refused to allow them to provied rations for the stariving prisoners, and that they were compelled to smuggle in food and money in defiance of his rules and guards. He want away to Florida in January or February. The only other post oficcer on whom any blame can be laid, so far so I know, is Captain J. M. Goodman, assistant quatermaster, who was serval times reported to his Government for inefficiency, and who, according to such as we can get, showed both inability and negligence in providing clothing and lumber for the prison. Men who have been here during the use of thison post say that it was owing more to the lack of shelter and of clothing than to lack of food that the Federal soldiers died here. We have in our hands a copy of an order dated "Headquarters Prisons East of the Mississippi, December 20, 1864," stating that as orders have been received from the War Deparment to remoe the prison from Salibury, no more building or repairs will be undertaken, and no expense incurred not absolventy necessary. Gere is in Florida and Goodman in New Orleans.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, June 5, 1865.

Official copy respectfully transmitted to Major General Q. A. Gillmore, commanding Department of the South, with request that Major Gee be sent here for trial.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

write to Brigadier-General Vogdes to cause the arrest of Major Gee, of a Florida regiment, if he can be found, and send him here.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

