
[JUNE 2, 1865. - For General Orders, Nos. 105, 106, and 107, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to the reduction of the volunteers forces, removal of restrictions on trade, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVI, Part III, pp. 1247, 1248.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES:

By your patriotic devotion to your country in the hour of danger and alarm-your magnificent fighting, bavery, and endurance-you have maintained the supermacy of the Union and the Constitution, overthrown all armed opposition to the enforcement of the laws, and of the proclamation forever abolishing slavery-the cause and pretext of the rebelion-and opened the way to the reghfult authorities to restore order and inaugurate peace on a permanent and enduring basis on every foot of American soil. Your marches, sieges, and battles, in distance, duration, resolution, and brilliancy of result dim the luster of the world's past military achievements, and will be the patriot's precedent in defense of liberty and right in all time to come. In obedience to your country's scall you left your homes and families and volunteered in its defense. Victory was crowned your valor and secured the purpose of your patriot hearts, and with the gratitude of your countrymen, and the highest honors a great and free nation can accord, you will soon be permitted to return to your homes and families conscioous of having discharged the highest duty of American citizen. To achieve these glorieus triumphs, and secure to yourselves, your fellow countrymen, and posterity the blessings of free institutions tens of thousands of your gallant comrades have fallen and sealed the priceless legacy with their lives. The graves of these a grateful nation bedews with tears, honor their memories, and will ever cherish and support their stricken families.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: It's never too late to rectify an error. I therefore proceed to do so by strongly recommending Brigadier General William Vandever, commanding First Brigade of my division, to the rank of major-general by brevet, U. S. Volunteers, for galanry at the battles of Averasborough and Bentonville, N. C., on the 16th and 19th of March last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Washington, June 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel TWEEDDALE,

Commanding First Missouri Engineers:

COLONEL: you will at once move your command to the cars on Maryland avenue near Seventh street, embarking them under the direction

