
of Captain Ben. R. Howell, or if he is not present, reporting to Brigadier General E. W. Rice, and proceeding to Louisville, Ky., with the First Brigade of thi division. What baggage you are to take will at once be dispatched to the Government depot near H street. Your men will be supplied with six days' rations.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 50. Near Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

VI. The troops of this division now remaining at this point will march at 8 a. m. to-morrow to the cars on Maryland avenue near the Capitol, Washington, D. C., and commence embarking at once upon their arrival. Brigades in the order of Second and Third. All baggage to be dispatched to the Government depot, foot of H street, by 6 a. m. Commanding officers will please give their personal attention to the loading of the troops and quatermasters to the baggage and horses, in order that the embarking may take place with the umost dispatch.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegram of May 29, relative to muster out of troops, was intended to apply to Department of North Carolina, but in said telegram it is provided that should the command be recuded prejudicially to the service the commanding general is authorized to suspend action, in whole or in part, promptly notifying the Adjutant-General of the Army, with view to receiving further instructions.

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 73. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Raleigh, N. C., June 2, 1865.

I. In icompliance with telegraph orders from the War Department all volunteer organizations of white troops terms of servsice expire on or before September 30, next, will immediately be mustered out of service. The muster out will be with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations progulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of May 15, from the War Department, published in General Orders, Numbers 62, of May 25, from these headquarters. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequently to September 30, 1865, will be transferred of other organizations from the same State. When practicable such men will be transferred to veteran regiments. Where this is not practicable they will be transferred to regiments having the longest time to serve. All men whose terms of service expire prior to October 1, 1865, but whose

