
mander may order the issue to any family of sufficient meat and flour to last thirty days. The examination must be through and rigid, and issues will be made only to persone who are absolutely destitute and have no other means of obtaining food.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. Goldsborough, N. C., June 2, 1865.

I. Colonel Goff, commanding Third Brigade, will more without unnecessary delay two regiments of his brigade to Wilmington, there reporting for duty to General Hawley, commanding district; one regiment of the brigade will remain at Goldsborough as guard and garrison until relieved by a regiment from Wilmington; it will then report to the brigade commander at Wilmington. The commanding officer of this brigade will send foward monthly and tri-montly reports and all papers permanently affecting his command through these headquarters.

II. General Duncan will move his brigade without unnecessary delay, two regiments to New Berne, one regiment, preferably Thirty-ninth, to Kinston. This regiment will guard the brigades over the Neuse River at that point.

III. General Bates will move his brigade to Morehead City. He will, with two regiments of his present birgade and with Fourteenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, relieve all troops now on duty at Morehead and vicinity. He will, with one regiment, relieve the troops at Roanoke Island, Plymounth, and vicinity.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General C. J. Paine:

GEO. ALLEN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 275. Washington, June 3, 1865

* * * * * * * * *

84. By direction of the President, Bvt. Brigadier General Chauncey B. Reese, captain U. S. Engineers, is hereby essigned to duty as assistant inspector-general of the Army of the Tennessee, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under the act of July 17, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 18. Washington, D. C., June 3, 1865.

The following officers are hereby announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accodingly: Bvt. Brigadier General James Wilson, provost-marshal-general; Bvt. Breg. General C. B. Reese, chief engineer; Bvt. Colonel Maxwell Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel J. T. Conklin, chief quartermaster; Bvt. Colonel David Remick, chief commissary of subsistence; Colonel D. L. Huntington, medical director; Bvt. Colonel William H Ross, chief of artillery; Bvt. Colonel F. C. Gillette, acting judge-advocate; Bvt. Colonel J.

