
RALEIGH, N. C., June 3, 1865-10. 10 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies:

The signal corps is no longer of any service in this department. What shall be done with it?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 79. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Raleigh, N. C., June 3, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

VII. It is hereby announced that the following-named forts and permanent batteries are those which will be permanently garrisoned and equipeped in this department, viz: fort Macon, Beaufort Harbor, N. C. ; Fort Hatteras, Hatteras Inlet, N. C. ; Fort Totten, New Berne, N. C., fort Heckman, Morehead City, N. C. ; Fort-, Plymouth, N. C; Forth Fisher, New Inlet, mounth of Cape Fear River, N. C. ; Fort Castwell, Old Inlet, mounth of Cape Fear River, N. C; Fort Holmes, Old Inlet, mounth of Cape Fear River, N. C. ; Forh Johnston, Smithvill, Cape Fear River, N. C. All the ordnance and ordnance stores in all forts, permanent batteries, and earth-works in this department other than those above named will be disposed of as follows, viz: Those in the District of Beaufort will be turned in to the ordnance deport at New Berne, N. C. Those in the District of Wilmington will be turned in to the ordnance depot at Wilmington, N. C. The commanidng officers of all forts and permanent batteries from which the armament is to be withdraw are directed to turn in to the ordnance depot all ordnance and ordnance stores of whatever description, whether they are accountable for the same or not, at and in the vicinity of their posts, and will be held responsible for the prompt and thorough execution of this order. Colonel Charles H. Stewart, chief of artillery, Department of North Carolina, is charged with the general supervision of the execution of this order. After the stores are turned in, as directed in this order, they will be disposed o under the direction of the chief ordnance officer, Department of North Carolina.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Greensboroguh, N. C., June 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you make further investigations relative to the ill treatment of our soldiers while confined as prisoners of war at Salisbury, and endeavor to obtain the orders (or evidence of their existence) upon which the persons you mention in your letter of the 1st claim to have acted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

