
WILMINGTON, June 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Raleigh:

I am not quite as to my duties on one point under Special Orders, Numbers 77. Am I to relieve with colored troops all the garrisons at the mounth of the river? Secretary Welles and Postmaster-General visited this place yesterday.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 3, 1865.

Captain C. G. DYER,

Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding at Fort Duane, S. C.:

(Through Brigadier General E. E. Potter.)

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from you of the 29th ultimo, stating questions asked by citi zens in the vicinity of Pocotaligo and Grahamville. In reply I am instructed to furnish you with following decisions of the major-general commanding to the questions asked: First. Paroled prisoners of war cannot take the oath of allegiance (see General Orders, Numbers 128, current series, from the War Department.) They cannot exercise the rights of citizenship until they do take it. Second. This question is answvered by the above. Third. Parties who have been in the rebel lines during the rebellion, although they may not have been soldiers, have lost their rights as citizens and must take the oath of allegiance in order to regain them. Fourth. Any citizen, whether he has taken the oath of alligiance or not, may keep such arms as the local commander deems safe. This is a police matter, te be decided according to the condition of the district and the character of the person desiring to ratain nis arms. Fifth. General Orders, Numbers 79, current series, from these headquarters, abolishes all passes. Citizen are, therefore, at liberty to go where they please and to trade wherever they wish and should be encouraged to trade freely in Beaufort or any accessible point. Sixth. Citizen cannot elect local officers without permission from the military authority. The country is under martial law and the civil authority is dormant. Sevent. This questions is answered by Numbers 6. Eight. There are as yet prescribed terms regulating contracts with freedmen. The local military commander should exercise his best judgment, being careful to secure two results, an early resumption of productive labor and an acknowlegement of the freedmen's rights to be recompensed. Ninth. Until new arrangements are made in regard to the colored children, the infirm and superannuated colored people, let their former master provide for them. Tenth. The local military commander should exxrcise all necessary authority to promptly repress and suitably punish crime. Elevent. All contracts with freedmen can be made binding by the approval of the local military commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Majordjutant-General.

