
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1865-11. 05 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Order the signal corps to Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., June 4, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I respectfully request leave of absence for thirty days, with the privilege of applying for an extension, to take effect as soon as I get the affairs of my department in such shape that I can leave it temporarily without detriment to the service. The condition of his State is so perfectly quiet that the presence of troops seems almost unnecessary, and the appointment of a proovisional governor will relieve me for the most important and difficult dutiies heretofore devolved upon me. The muster out of troops, reduction of expenditures, and similar matters will require my attention for a short time. General Cix will of course leave the service with the majority of his troops, which are to be mustered out as soon as possible, General Terry will return from leave of absence by the 15th of this mont. He is fully qualified to command the department either temporarily or permanently. I have been called upon by the Congressional Committee on the Condust of the War to answer certain questions, which will amount to griving a history of all the campaignes I have been engaged in during the rebellion. To do this will consume considerable time and render it necessary for me to visit Louisville and Sasint Louis, where I can have access to official records. The above facts, in addition to my desire to visit my family and enjoy a short rest after your years of sconstant hard work, are my reasons-for asking a leave of absence.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, June 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Wilmington:

You are to use the colored troops as you think best, so as to relieve the white troops from duty where they wound be exposed to disease.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., June 4, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washingtoon:

I have received your telegram of May 29 and June 2 directing the mustering out of volunteer organizations of white troops, and all volunteer soldiers whose terms of service expire prior to the 1st day of October next. Before the necessary organizations are mustered are out I would like to know the limits of this department and the amount of cavalry to be assigned to it. I am of the opinion that all troops serving in the

