
same State should their orders from the same department commander. A quantity of bank muster-out rolls are wanted here. Please telegraph me for the present by may of Savannah.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTE,

Jacksnville, Fla., June 4, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: In replay to the communication of the major-general commanding of the 29th ultimo, I have the honor to state that his directions have in part been anticipated, as will be seen by two general orders inclosed, one of which has been distributed, and the other about to be sl. Owing to the want of land and water transportaion I have not been able to distribute the troops as rapidly as desirable. The wreck of the Delaware prevented me from calling the troops from Fernandina and Saint Augustine. They have not yet all arrived. As soon as they do, which will probably be to-day or to-morrow, I will distribute. I have, as already stated, sent General Tilghman with five companies of his regiment and ifve of the Seventeenth Connecicut to Tallahassee. Having been informed of some distrubance near Lake City, there companies of the Seventeenth were retained at that point. The amount of the distrubance, on investigation, proved to be greatly exaggerated. I shall make, for the present, the following disposition of the forces, viz: General Tilghman with two companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut and three of his own regiment at Tallahassee; one company of the Seventeenth at Madison, one of the Third U. S. Colored at Mnticello, these to be under the command of General Tilghman; one company of the Seventeenth Connecticut and one of the Third U. S. Colored Troops at Lake City, to report direct to headquarters; Major Allen, with five companies of his own regiment and as many as can be spared from the Third U. S. Colored Troops, to take post at Gainesville, having a detachment at Waldo; at least one company at Newmansville, and one at Micanopy; these two last to be supplied from Gainesville by land transportation, distance about fifteen miles. Newmansville appears to be somewhat unquiet, and will require probably a larger garrison. If possible I will also occupy Ocala. Lastly, Captain Webster will be sent to Palatka. I will not occupy Enterprise unless I find it necessary, as that point is ver sickly. If necessary, I will station roops in Mellonville, nearly opposite. Fort Gates may be occupied. I shall endeavor to post troops so that they may be easly united, if necessary, at the same time covering as large extent of territory as possible. I have asked the general commanding to send me one (white) additional regiment and one squadreon of cavalry. If the regiment can be spared it is very desirable. If, however, its services are very urgent elsewhere I will endeavor to get along without it, but I trust that a cavalry force will be sent to me, even if it should noen, as I very much need such force to partol from point to point as may be required. I would mention that both the white regiments in this district are very small, the Seventeenth Connecticut, the only one I have distributed in the interior, only having about 350 men for duty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

