
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, 4TH September Brigadier, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 22. Jacksonville, Fla., May 24, 1865.

In order to carry out the instructions of General Orders, Numbers 63, headquarters Department of the South, May 14, 1865, the following orders and instructions are given for the guidance of all concerned:

First. Martial law is, until otherwise dirested by competent authority, the only law recognized as existing whitin the limits of this command. All proceedings at law, acts, or deeds, based on the authority of the so-called Confederate Government, or of the State of Florida as sone of the numbers of that Government, are null and void, and if persisted in will subject the persons engaged in it arrest and trial by the military authorities.

Second. Lewyers, practicing physicians, and ministers of the gospel, exercising the functions of their respective professions will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, and are expected, both y example and precept, to aid the authorities in preserving order and briging the people back to a cheerful and hearty obedience to the authority of the General Government. The habit of speaking of the General Government as Federal, and placing it in atagonsim to the so-called Confederate, as two independent and recognized powers, is calculated to mislead the people, and must be discontinued.

Third. All autorized trades are required to take the usual oath to allegiance, and to conform to the regulations of the Treasury Department as well as the orders of the several posts at which they may be stationed. People are to be encouraged to bring their produce, &amp;c., for exchamge. All necessary facilities will be granted to free and unresticed trade, so far compatible with the regulations rescirbed by the several departments.

Fourth. The freedom of the having been fully declared by the Presidnet of the United States, no rules or regulations will be adoptd interfering with their hiring themselves to whom they may be iclined. It is recommended to them to remain, as far as possible, with their late masters, the latter recognizing them as freemen and fully compensating them for their labor. In no case will they be allowed to remain in idleness at the expense of the Government. Such as it may be necessary to issue rations to, unless physically disabled, will be set to labor wherever thir sersvices may be required. Every principle of honor and justice requires that the General Gevernment should not permint those who, in darkest hour of its history, turned to the flag and have unphled its honor and glory on many bloody fields, cheerfully laying down their lives in defuse of their country, to remain longer laves, but should at once be recognized as freemen. Commanding officers will see that the late slaves are made acquainted with all their acquired rights; will urge upon them to work for planters near their homes in order to secure the coming corps, as necessary for their subistence as that of their late masters. Commanding officers will afford every facility to the officers instruted specially with the management of negro affairs and those employed in inspecting their duties.

Fifth. it is enjoined upon all officers in command of posts and detached garrisond enforce, when necessary, good order and a proper observance of the laws. They are also directed to give proper attention to complaints from person of all classes, and, after

