
due investigation, to take such action as may seen just and proper. When important questions arise, the case, with all the infomation collected in connection therewith, with be forwarded to these headquarters for action.

By order of Brigadier General I. Vogdes:

S. L. McHENRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, 4TH SEP. Brigadier, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 24. Jacksonville, Fla., June 3, 1865.

I. The importance of the-incoming crop as a means of support for the people of this distict renders it necessary that some prompt and efficient measures be taken to have it properly cultivated and secured; and in order that a uniform system of compensated labor may be introduced to aid in the accomplishement of this obhect, the following rules and regulations are published for the guidance of all concerned, and will be observed until the system adopted by the Freedmen's Bureau is announced.

II. Planters are recommended to make arragements with the laborers on their plantations, entering into a writtne agreement either to pay them stated wages or to secure them an interest in the corps, as may be mutually safisfactory. All susch agreements will be made in duplicate and witnessed by a disinterested party, one copy bing furnished for file at the office of the nearest provost-marshall. It will be the duty of the commanding officers of the several posts, upon complaint being made of the infraction of any such contract, to see that its conditions are strictly enforced. It shall be the privilege of the employer as well as the employe, to hired where it may seem best suited to his own interests; but the contract being made, each party must abide its conditions.

III. Whenever contracts have been entered into there will be selected by mutual agreeement, from among the employes, as mamy as may be necessary to act as superintenednts of labor, who will have authority to enforce order and discipline and a proper observance of all the conditions of the contract, important cases being referred to the nearest provost-marshal.

IV. In case where the employer and employe cannot agree upon terms, it is recommended that three disinterested persons be chosen, to whom the matter of disagreement may be referred, one referee being chosen by each party, and the two so selected choosing the third. These referees will have power to bind the parties to aible by their decision, such decisions being enforced as in the foregoing case, either party feelingj themselves aggrieved retaining the right to appeal to these headquarters.

V. Orderly and industrions habits are essential to the preservation of society, and while all persons who show a disposition to submit to the authority of the United Sttes and observe the orders in force will be protected in their rights and property, idleness, vargrancy, and all marauding, pilfering, or turbulence-the ills to which they lead-will be promptly and severely punished; and commanding officers, provost-marshals, and officers and good citizens are enjoined to take such

