
measures as will secure the enforcement of order, restore confidence, and promote the best interests of the community in which they are stationed.

By order of Brigadier General I. Vogdes:

S. L. McHENRY,

Assistnat Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The Secretary of War directs that all dismounted volunteer cavalry of your command be immediately discharged the service. The musters are and will be made by commissaries of musters and their assistants, and the troops afterwrd forwarded to their respective States for payment. The general principles of General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from this office, will be applied in executing this order. Please acknowledge receipt of this by telegram, and report the number of men to be discharged.

THOS. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, June 5, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

Your telegram directing the muster out of all dismounted cavalry is received.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 74. Raleigh, N. C., June 5, 1865.

His Excellency William W. Holden, having been appointed by the President of the United States provisional governor of the State of North Carolina, all officers and soldiers of the army are required to aid and assist His Excellency in the discharge of the duties of his office of provisional governor. All in the military service are also "enjoined to abstain from in any way hindering, impeding, or discouraging the loyal people from the organization of a State government", as authorized in the proclamation of the President. The military authorities will render all propor and needful aid to all executive officers of the State who may de buty appointed under the provisional government, in the discharge of the duties devolved upon them by law. All such executive offivers are authorized to call upon nearest military commanders for necessary aid in the excution of their legan duties, which commanders are required to render such aid so far as it may be in their power. When the country court shall be properly organized in any county, the county police force, organized in pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 35, from these headquarters, will thereafter act in obedience to the orders of the local magistrates, as part of the posse of the county.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

40 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

