SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 82. Raleigh, N. C., June 5, 1865.

I. The regiment of the Tenth Army Corps, which are to be mustered out of service at Raliegh, will be sent by rail to Weldon and march from that place to City Point, Va., where transportation by sea will be furnished them to their States.

II. The regiments of the Twenty-third Army Corps, to be mustered out at Greensborough, will move by rail from that place to Richmond, Va., and thence to their States by such transportation as may be furnished by the quartermaster's department. If, however, transportation by the Danville road cannot be furnished as rapidly as the troops are mustered out, a part will be sent via Raliegh to Weldon and march thence to City Pint, where further transportation will be provided by the quartermaster's department.

III. The regiments of the Cavalry Division to be mustered out will also be sent by rail to Richmond or via Raleigh and Weldon to City Point.

IV. The troops to be mustered out at Wilmington and New Berne will be sent by sea to the port most convenient to their final destination. For this purpose the chief quatermaster will procure a triweekly line of steamers to run from Morehead City, and the same from Wilmington, until the troops have all been removed. He will also notify the Quatermaster-General in advance of the number of troops and the time of their arrival at Richmond and City Point, in order that transportation may be provided from these places.

V. The commanders will inform the chief quartermaster in advance of the time when their regiments will be ready to start and of their strength.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

S. H. STILSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 145. Hilton Head, S. C., June 5, 1865.

I. That portion of the State of Georgia within the limits of the Department of the South, and not occupied by troops belonging to the Military Division of the Mississippi, is hereby divided into three districts, as fallowes:

First. The District of Southern Georgia, comprising that portion of the State lying south of the norhtern bourndary of the counties of Liberty, Tattnall, Montgomery, Laurens, Pulaski, Dooly, sumter, Webster, and Stewart. Bvt. Major General C. Grover is assignaed to the command of the District of Southern Georgia, with his headquarters at Doctor Town for the present.

Second. The District of Savannah, comprising Fort Pulaski and the conuties of Chatham, Bryan, Effingham, Bulloch, Emanuel, and Screven. Bvt. Major General H. W. Birge is assigned to the command of the District of Savannah, with his headquarters at the city of Savannah.

Third. The District of Northern Georgia, comprising those counties lying in the Department of the South not embraced in either of the other two districts above defined. Bvt. Brigadier General E. L. Molineux is assigned to the command of the District of Northern Georgia, with his headquarters for the present at the city of Augusta.

