
withdrawing the companies from Snow Hill and Hookerton, and he desires you to withdraw all detachments that you may consider in danger from a superior force of the enemy. There is no necessity at present for you to hold the line of Contentnea, as General Sherman will be here to-night, and after the general has consulted with him he will give you further orders. Should the enemy attempt to come in getween you and Contentnea Creek, the commanding general thinks it will perhaps be possible to cut him off. Please report frequently any change that may occur in your front in the disposition of the enemy's force. Inclosed find the map you forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. In the Field, N. C., March 30, 1865.

The Sixth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, which has for so long and eventful a period been associated with the First Brigade, is now relieved, and the colonel commanding deems this a fitting time to tender to the officers and men of that gallant regiment his thanks and the thanks of the brigade for the prompt and efficient manne rin which they have ever performed their duties both on the march and on the battle-field. Their heroic conduct on many a well-fought filed and their self-sacrificing devotion to our country in this great struggle has won for them the unbounded confidence and esteem of those gallant soldiers who have stood shoulder to shoulder with them in the field, and have learned to love them as brothers for everything which is ennobling and sheds a luster upon the patriot's brow. The history of the Sixth Tennessee will make a bright page in the future annals of this country. Many of these brave men have already served beyond the term of their enlistment, and their services are greatefully appreciated. We can but bid them a kind farewell with feelings of gratitude and a deep solicitude for their future welfare. May they return in safety to their homes to enjoy the liberties of the Government they have so nobly defended.

By order of Colonel O. H. Moore:

T. C. HONNELL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAISON'S STATION, March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL:

By to-night I shall have here provisions enough to supply General Kilpatrick's division as well as my own men up to and including the 6th of April. To what point shall further accumulations be sent? Mr. Smeed, who is in charge of the construction train, expects to have the Northeast bridge done by the 3rd of April. The Smith Creek bridge will be done by the 1st.

A. H. TERRY,

Major-General.

