
which I desire to have executed at once. Please state by telegraph how many more troops you require and general disposition you intend to make of the forces under your command. I am informed that a railroads is now being constructed between Augusta and Columbia, the work being done principally by negreos. The R. ev. M. French suggest that a small squard of soldiers should be stationed along the line of this road to preserve order and enforce the observance of the agreements between the employers and workmen. You are authorized to do this and to occupy any other important points in South Carolina in the vicinity of Augusta. I will inform General Hatch, commanding in South Carolina, of this arrangement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VOGDES,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send Mr. Yulee at once to Fort Pulaski under a proper guard, and turn him over to the officer commanding that fort for safe-keeping. The major-general commanding directs that you cause the arrest, if he can be found, of Mr. A. K. Allison, styling himself acting governor of Florida, and send him also to Fort Pulaski, under proper guad, for safe-keeping, turning him over to the officer commanding that fort. You will please report your action in such case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 127. Near Washington, D. C., June 6, 1865.

The First Brigade, Brigadier General Charles Ewing commanding, will move to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, and will take the cars from Maryland avenue at 6 a. m. The troops will move on the road near these headquarters to avoid fording the creek. The quartermaster' department will cause four wagons to report to brigade headquarters, and three wagons and one ambulance to each regiment at or before 3 a. m.

By order of Bvt. Major Ben. M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,Assistnt Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 15. Washington, D. C., June 6, 1865.

With the separation of the troops composing this army, in compliance with recent orders, the organization known as the Army of Georgia will virtually cease to exist. Many of you will at once return to your homes. No oe now serving as a volunteers vwill probably be retained in the service against his will but a short time longer. All will soon be permitted to return and receive the rewards due them as the gallant defenders of their country. While I cannot repress a feeling of sadness a parting with you, I congratulate you upon the grand results achieved by your valor, fidelity, and patriotism. No generation has

