
ever done more for the permanent establishemant of a just and liberal from of government, moe for the honor of their nation, than has been done during the past four years by the armies of the United States and the patriotic people at home who have poured out their wealth in support of these armies with a liberality never before witnessed in any country. Do not forget the parting advice of that great chieftain who led you through your recent brilliant campaign: "As in war you have been good soldiers, so in peace be good citizens. " Should you ever disere to resume the honorable profession you are now about to leave, do not forget that his profession in honorable only when followed in obedience to the orders of the constitued authority of your Governement. Whit feelings of deep gratitude to each and all of you for your uniform soldierly conduct, for the patience and fortitude with which you have borne all the hardships it has been necessary to impose upon you, and for the unflinching resolutin with which you have sustained the holy cause in which we have been engaged, I bid you farewell.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 86. Near Washington, D. C., June 6, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

IV. Bvt. Major General George S. Greene, u. S. Volunteers, is relieved from further duty with the Fourteenth Army Corps and will report to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Raleigh, N. C., June 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith in charge of Lieutenant Frederick Anderson, of my staff, thirty-seven boxes containing records and papers of the rebel Senate, district court, and Post-Office Department. The boxes marked "Senate" dontained a paper showing that a bill passed the rebel Senate in secret session authorizing the information of companies for the destruction of Northern property by land and sea.

I am, sir, very respctfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 77. Raleigh, N. C., June 6, 1865.

I. All general orders issued from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina having been superseded by orders from these headquarters, so fair as applicable to this department, are hereby rescinded.

