
II. The Secretary of War directs that returned prisoners of war (enlisted men) who have endured the hardships of Andersonville, Florence, Salisbury, and other rebel prisons, be mustered out as soon as possible and allowed three mounts' extra pay. Mustering officers will make the necessary investigations and enter the remarks on muster-out rolls, shlowing the amount due under this order.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistnat Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, June 6, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Plat has not yet sent in his report. Almost every day new discoveries are made. Thus far I understand about $10,000 have been recovered, and promises made to refund much more. Two or three men seem to have secreted or hid a large share of it. I improsined them on good evidence. Yesterday, on a promise to go with detail to get what they had hidden, the provost-marshal released them. They succeeded just before train tarted in escaping. Several parties are after them through the country and long the line of the railroad. They admit having buried about $30,000 Monday between Hillsborough and Company's Shorps and $1,400 near Greensborough. This, together with what we have recovered and know of, nearly covers the entire amount. Until Colonel Sanderson's return the whole matter cannot entirely be cleared up. I have sent for Colonel Platt, and will direct him report the result of his ivestigation thus far.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

HEAFDQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, June 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington:

The commanding general dfirects that the remainder of General Abbott's brigade, except the heavy artillery regiment, be sent to Goldsborough to garrison that place.

WM. M. WHERRY,

Brevet Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WILMINGTON, June 6, 1865-6. 10 p. m.

Major-General PAINE, New berne:

It is very desirable to relieve the garrison of Wilmington; completely, if at all. Will not General Ames be here soon?

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 6, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In subdividing that portion of the State of Georgia occupied by troops of my command into suitable distriscts, as shown by Special

