
there would have been no necessary or occasion for any suggestion to you, and most probably non would have been made. With these remarks I respectfully submit that General Sherman's report, so far as he refers to me, is uniust, unkind, and countrary to military usage, and that his statements are contrary to the real facts of the case. I beg leave further to remark that I have in no way, shape, or manner criticised or reflected upon General Sherman's course in North Carolina, or upon his truce, or, as General Grant styles it, "arrangement" with Johnston and Breckinridge, but have simply acted upon the orders, instructions, and expressed wishes of my superiors as communicated to me and as I understood them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War, together with a copy of the telegraphic order to Major-General Halleck, of date April 22, 1865. * which copy would have been inclosed with my letter of date May 27, 1865, transmitting the official report of Major General W. T. Sherman of the operations of his armies in the campaign of the Carolinas from April 1, 1865, to May 10, 1865, had I not supposed that that part of General Sherman's report, to which the within communication especially refers, related to the new arrangement entered into between Generals Sherman and Johnston on the 25th of April, which terminated in the surrender of the latter on the 26th of April, 1865.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 87. Near Washington, D. C., June 7, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General J. S. Robinson, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from further duty with the Twentieth Army Corps, and will rep; ort to Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

By order of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBERT P. DECHERT,Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 29. Near Washington, D. C., June 7, 1865.

I. Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps the Third Brigade will be discontinued and the organization of the division will be in two brigades, Numbers 1 and 2, as follows: Thirty-eight Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers, Forty-second Indiana Volunteers, Thirty-third Ohio Volunteers, comprising the First Brigade, Colonel H. A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, commanding. Fifty-eight Indiana Volunteers, Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers, Sixth-ninth Ohio Volunteers, seventy-fourth Ohio Voluneers, comprising the Second Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General G. P. Buell commanding.

---------------

*See p. 276.

---------------

