HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, March 30, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's:

You may continue the accumulation of supplies until you have enough for your command and Kilpatrick's to the 10th.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 30, 1865.

Mr. ABNER NORCOM,

Lower Black River, New Hanover, County, N. C.:

SIR: I understand that your neighborhood is suffering from the inroads of guerrillas and stray robbers and theives. I am asked to permit you to organize for your own protection. Let those who have tkaen the oath of allegiance, and are determined to aid in restoring the authority of the United States, associate in their neighborhood for mutual protection. Let them drive off or capture and deliver to this place any Confederate officers attempting to drive them into the rebel service. Let them arrest any guerrillas and robbers who come to plunder or destroy private property, and deliver them here. If any parties are sent out to forage they will lgowith written authority to seize cattle or meat or gain and fodeer. They will have no right to take articles of waring apparel or to insult or beat or kill the people. Encourage the people to put in their corps to as great an extent as possible, and in all ways to restore order, law, and devotion to the Union. Should any Confederate forces appear anywherek in your region, inform me promptly, and I will endeavor to protect you. If you are hardly pressed come this way. You will of course understand that should any advantage be taken of what is here said to impede military operations or to aid in any way the Confederate forces, ork should you and your neighbors fail to render the Union forces any aid in your power, you would all be instantly subjected to the severest visitations. I am acting in good faith with the best wishes for all loyal people and expect to be treated with the same faith and honor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to direct that Mrs. General Robert Anderson, now in Savannah, be permitted to remain within our lines until you receive further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

