
troops will take with them five days' cooked rations. Regimental commanders will see that their commands have coffee made as often as practicable along the route. Every care will be taken by company and regimental commanders to prevent accidents to their men. The trip will be tedious and the greatest vigilance will be required. Arriving at Louisville the command will be kept on the boats until the troops can moved to their camps.

By order of bvt. Major General C. C. Walcutt:

J. E. EDMONDS,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIVISION, FOURTHEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. Near Washington, D. C., June 8, 1865.

To the men and officers of this brigade who are about to be mustered out of service: The general commanding desires to express his hearty appreciation of your faithful services in the past, and congratulate you upon the prospects of so soon enjoying the comforts of home. You have fairly wov the gartitude of the whole nation by your patriotic zeal in oppocing and subduing the rebellion, and your general feels that in heartily thanking you for your good conduct and uniform obedience to orders, he is only rendering what is justly your due. He bids you farewell, with best wishes for your prosperity and happiness.

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General George P. Buell:

LEW. E. HICKS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, June 8, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City:

In reply to your telegram of June 5 I have the honor to report that there is no dismounted volunteer cavalry in my command.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 148. Hilton Head, S. C., June 8, 1865.

I. The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers is hereby ordered to report without delay to Brevet Major-Birge, commanding District of Savannah, for duty in that district.

II. In compliance with instructions received from the lieutenant-general commanding U. S. Armies, the battalion of the First New York Volunteers Engineers now serving in this department, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James E. Place, will proceed without delay to join their regiment at Richmond, Va. the several detachments now sersving in the different districts of this department and all detailed men will proceed at once to join the battalion headquarters at Hilton Head, S. C. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

T. D. HODGES,

Captain, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

