
and will immediately enter upon the discharge of his duties. He will, as soon as possible, report to these headquarters a full list of staff and their places of doing business.

* * * * * * * *

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 9, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VOGDES,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have disapproved ofcertain reguisitions made by your chief quartermaster for materials for repairing railroads, because my wish is that the roads shall be repaired and operated under military direction by the railroad companies, or, in other words, by such members of the board of directors as take the new amnesty oath and are not excluded from the provisions of the new amnesty proclamation. At his time urgent military necessity alone would justify expenditures for railroads, and such expenditure will not be made without authority from these headquarters. Railroad materials, being contraband, can only beadmitted as a military necessity and by the Secretary of the Treasury. The railroad companies should make their applications to the Secretary of the Treasury through military channels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. COMPANY H, FIFTIETH OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Salisbury, N. C., June 10, 1865.

Major C. A. CILLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the work assigned to me in the county of Davie, N. C. On arriving at the county seat I immediately issued a call for the citizens of the county to assemble at the court-house in Mocksville, to which they gave a very hearty response. On the meeting being called to order, I go up and explained to them the object of my visit by reading to them General Orders, Nos. 35, 46, 52, and also notified them that I was authorized to issued paroles to all Confederate soldiers who had left the army without them. I issued 135 paroles to soldiers of Lee's army and 143 to members of Johonston's army. I also issued an order requesting all citizens who wished to obey the laws to come forward and take the Presidnet's amnesty oath, to which they gave a very cordial response, as the following figures will show (471.) Had I succeeded in getting blanks I could have administered twice the above number, as a great many who made application were compelled to return home without them. On arriving at Mocksville I found an officer from General Kilpatrick's command who was authorized to organize a police force for the county. I lef him proceed with the organizaztion of the company, which he succeed in doing to my entire satisfaction. After the company was organized I issued to the captain thirty Enfield rifles and 2,000 rounds of ammunition, which, in my opinion, will be sufficient to enforce law within the

