
county. I also took an estimate of the publict stock in the county, but I am of the opinion that unless some pentaly is attached to non-compliance of this order we will be unable to get a correct report of the stock within the county. I embrace this opportunity to report the fact that the cnfederte soldiers within said county are quietly pursuing their civil avocations, and show a very laudable zeal in obeying all orders. Many of them have not received their paroles yet, and as it will be very inconvement for them to be without and the people to be without the oath, I would respectfully suggest the propriety of immediately sending an officer there to finish the business. Acompanying this you will find duplicate copies of all oaths and paroles issued by me while in Davie County, N. C.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRISON M. SHUEY,

Capatain, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that your communication to him of the 7th instant, requesting that provision be made for paying for rice purchased for issue to destitute freedmen in Charleston, having been received and referred to the chief commissary of subsistence, Department of the South, is returned to these headquarters with the following indorsement:

HILTON HEAD, S. C., June 9, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

I have remitted this day to Captain Marhell, commissary of subsistence, $4,260,48 for the purpose of paying all proper debts that may be contracted at Charleston. I am not aware that the commissary department has in any respect or istance failed to meet all demands made on it for food at Charleston. My own heart and fellings are in entire sympathy with our freedmen, to all of whom required the regular contraband rations is habitually and promptly issued instead of rice and rice alone, and a precarious allowance at that, as seems to be intimated by the writer of this letter. In returinig this I have also to say that I wish distinctly understood by General Hatch that it is not his business to interfere in the furnishing or procuring of the regular stores for the commissary department. Rice for the poor is paid for at Charleston out a fax fund, as lately arranged by me (General Hatch being present) with General Gurney, post commander. This method, too, is in accordance with the decision of General Halleck, chief of staff, dated December 24, 1864, in the case of the Virginia Hotel, at Saint Louis, Mo.

Respectfully,

C. L. KILBURN,

Bvt. brig. General and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Dept. of the South.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistnt Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 10, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General William Gurney commanding, is to be mus-

