
tered out of service under the recent orders. General Gurney is an officer of fine administrative ability, is now in command of the post of Charleston, S. C., and would make an efficient commander of one of the districts of South Carolina soon to [be] organized. If it be practicable to retain him in service I earnestly request that the necessary steps may be taken to do so by making him a brigadier-general of volunteers.

Respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 30. Charlotte, N. C., June 11, 1865.

Colonel John S. Jones, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is hereby announced as commandant post of Charlotte during the absence of Colonel Willard Warner, One hundred and eightieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

By command of Bvt. Major General Thomas H. Ruger:

HENRY A. HALE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutnt-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 29. Salibury, N. C., June 11, 1865.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE SECOND DIVISION:

I never knew how much I was attached to you until I learned that I was to part with you. Our associations as officers and men have been pleasant, through on many occasion our duty has been hard and attended with fatigue and suffering. I have been with you in many a hard-fought battle, when our brave boys lay strewed upon the field, and I must in justice say that on no occasion have you ever disgraced yourselves or your country, but that you have everywhere met the foe with bravery and whitstood them to the last. My brave comrades in arms, I pray that your future course may be as glorious as your past, and to officers and soldiers, one and all, I say, "Farewell, and God bless you!"

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. c., June 11, 1865.

Bvt. Major General H. W. BIRGE,

Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL; In a letter of the 24th ultimo to Brevet Major-General Grover, the major-general commanding directs that certain property captured by or receidved from Brevet Major-General Wilson, and of which the Georgia Central Railroad and Banking Company claimed to be the owners, should be truned over to the Treasury agents. The major-general commanding now directs if these instructions have not been carried out that they be revoked, so far as they apply to the property claimed by the above-named company, and you are directed, after assuring yourself of the validity of the claim of said company, to turn the property over to such of the members of the board of directors as

