
Union, in the successful struggle for the integrity and security of your country. You will join heartly in the general rejoicing over the grand result, but you will be forgiven for remembering with peculiar pride that at Chickamauga yours were the inincible legions with which the unyielding Thomas snatched victory from defeat; that at Mission Ridge you helped with your brothers of the Armies of the Cumberland and of the Tennessee to plant the banner of your country once more on the could-capped heights of Chattanooga; that at Jonesborough your resistless charge decreed the final fate of the proud Atlanta; that at Bentonville you for hours defied the frenzied and determined efforts of the hosts to crush seriatim the column of the victorious Sherman. Years hence, surrounded by the prosperity and happiness of united country, it will be enough for you to say I fought with Thomas; I marched with sherman down from the mountains to the sea in that grandest march of all history; I toiled and skirmished at midwinter through the swamps of Georgia, and struggle over the flooded rice fields and broad torrents of South Carolina. Now the danger past, the victory won, many of you turn homeward. Let your future actions be governed by the same generous spirit, the same pure patriotism that prompted your entry into the country's sersdvice, remambering that the true soldier is always a good citizen and good Christian. Some remain yet for a time as soldiers. The same country that first called you still retains you and needs your services. Let you record be the same in the future as the past. So act that when at alst no soldier shall remain of the Fourteenth Corps the record of all shall be alike untranished and glorious. Many of the noblest and bravest and the best who came ou with not return. they ale sleeping on the hills and by the streams of the South, where no voice of mother, sister, or wife ever will wake them, where no kind hand will strew flowers upon their graves. For their sakes, as well as in recollection of your own toils, dangers, and triumphs, keep ever fresh the good name and memory of the old Foruteenth Corps, and in the future associations and meetings of life let us always keep the warmest for those who say "I fought and marched with Sherman and Thomas; I belonged to the Acorn Corps. "

By order of Bvt. Major General Jef. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Brevet Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 15, 1865.-General HATCH,

Comdg, Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Captain Boutelle told him this morning that you had arrested, in Charleston, Mr Trenholm, the rebel Secretary of the treasury. Captain Boutelle also informed him that you had written him announcing. You will send mr. Trenholm to this place, where he will find transportation to Fort Pulaski.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GARTH W. JAMES,

Captain and Aide-de-Campt.

