
and men have become endeared to him by their devotion to the cause and untiring energies in the execution of their duties, and he feels ad to part with them. Congratulating those who will soon be united with their families and friends at home, he wishes to assure them that the fact of having been associated with them as their commander will be a scourse of pleasure to him in after life. Thanking the officers and men for their co-operation in the execution of every duty devolved upon him while in command of the division, he bids them farevell and "God speed. "

By command of Brigadier-General Carter:

L. A. GRATZ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla, June 17, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that immediately upon the receipt of the confidental telegram from the honorable Secretary of War to General Gillmore, having reference to certain boxes supposed to contain specie, and broughg to this State by a negro named James Jones, in the employ of Jefferson Davis, I took means to ascertain the truth of the report and to capture the property. Upon inquring I found that there was a negro in town show alleged that he had driven a wagon into this State, and that he was in the rebel servie as a wagon driver. I sent for him and he gave his name as Doctor Custur, and stated that he had started from Richmond with Mr. Davis and got separated from him in North Carolina; that the party he came with intended to go to Cuba, but hearing that Mr. Davis had been captured they left the wagon and ambulance near Gainesville, and came in to give themselves up. Their names were as follows: Captain J. D. Van Benthuysen, Sixth Louisiana Volunteers; Captain Watson Van Benthuysen, quartermaster; Captain Alfred Van Benthuysen, Emory, Cloggs, Staffit, and Dickinson. Officers answering to the names of the first two were paroled here May 26, and left with the intention of going to New Orelans. I detailed Captain Bryant, assistant provost-marshal of Jacksonville, to proceed to Gainesville to investigate the affair and secure the baggage, wagons, &amp;c. I inclose the report of this officer, which will show the manner in which this duty was performed. Besides the horses, mules, &c., there were captured two boxes and one trunk (I in lose invoices of their contents), also a rifle belonging to mr. Davis. the trunk contains his private baggage, among which were clothes but recently worn and many of them unwashed. His private papers are in the boxes, and had evidently been thrown, in haste and without order, into them. Some were loose and some tied up in bundles. They cover a period from the year 1860 to the surrender of Johnston. I have not read all, and have only examined them sufficiently to be able to report the nature of their contents. They consist, first, of letters from Mrs. Davis to her husband, of J. E. Davis to his brother Jefferson, also his letters to them. Second, of letters to his nephews and nieces, also telegrams from many important persons, military and civil, as well as letters on private business. Third, of confidential reports by military commanders to Mr. Davis, including a number from General Lee, and

