
among others the reports of Mr. Davis' aide-de-camp, Colonel Johnston, on the state of their various rebel armies, army returns, &amp;c. Fourth, of memorandum for addresses, messages, &c. There are several documents, however, which I deem of sufficient importance to inclose separately. The general nature of their contents is explained on the wrapper inclosing them. I send Captain Bryant in charge of the trunk, boxes, and negro to report to the general commanding. I respectfully suggest that if the general commanding should deem it of sufficient importance that he be detailed to carry the papers of Washington. Accompanying this letter is a statement of Mr. D. L. Yulee made under oath.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - The general description of the contents of the packages referred to above as of special importance is as follows: The manuscript opinions of Davis' cabinet (excepting Trenholm) on the terms of agreement between General Sherman and Johnston on the 18th of April. A key to the cipher used by the rebel Government, with explanatory letter. A letter from Eugene Musson, with indorsement by J. P. Benjamin. A letter signed E. G. Booth, dated Wilmington, N. C., March 14. A letter of condolence from D. L. Yulee to Mr. Davis.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Jacksonville, Fla., June 16, 1865.

Captain S. L. McHENRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Florida:

SIR: I have the honor to report the capture, at Waldo, Fla., of Jefferson Davis' private trunk and two chests containing important papers, with horses and wagons used by his followers in attempting to escape from the country.

In obedience to your orders I proceeded to Gainesville with eight men of my company, where I ascertained that on the 24th ultimo a party of eleven men had encamped in the woods near Archer. Learning that Jeff. Davis had been captured, they separated; some went to Mr. Yulee's, near where they left an ambulance containing one trunk and two chests, and three saddle horses. Others went to a Mr. Edward Hale's, remaining there several days, and left with him one wagon, with mules and three saddle-horses. They represented themselves as members of Jeff. Davis' personal staff, and that as he had been captured they had abandoned the attempt to leave the country, and should deliver themselves up to the U. S. authorites for transportation to their homes. Captain Watson Van Benthuysen appeared to be the leader Mr. Yulee's, which place I reached Tuesday evening, met Mrs. Yulee, claimed and received the hospitaly of the house, and ascertained from her that the ambulance and horses were there, but that the trunk and chests had been removed. I asked her to state frankly where I might find them. After a movement's reflection she said that they were the private effects of Mr. Davis, and she had received them that she might deliver them to Mrs. Davis, who was an esteemed friend; that Mr. Yulee had given them in charge to a Mr. Meader to deliver to a Mr. Williams, at Waldo, for safe-keeping, and that these parties, being agents on the Florida Railroad and friends of Mr. Yulee, had no suspicion of the nature of the property intrusted to them. I at once started on

