
my return to Waldo. On my way I received the property left in charge of Mr. Hale. He represented that Captain Van Benthuysen and one other came to his place, claimed his hospitaly, staid a few days, and left the horses with him to seell as their private property. Thursday morning I sought Mr. Willimas, at Waldo, and found the trunk and chests in a store-room adjoining his house, unguarded by even a lock. I respectfully deliver them to you for your disposition. I have also to deliver a French rifle musket, a most merderous weapon, which I received from Mrs. Yulee as the private property of Jefferson Davis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. E. BRYANT,

Captain Co. D, 34th U. S. Colored Troops, and Asst. Pro. March

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Inventory of private property of Jefferson Davis captured at Waldo, Fla., June 15, 1865, and forwarded to headquarters Department of the South, at Hilton Head, S. C., in charge of Captain O. E. Bryant, assistant provost-marshal of Jacksonville, Fla.: First, one leather trunk containing the following particles, viz: Three woolen coats, 1 linen duster, 3 pairs pants, 3 woolen vests, 1 woolen tippet, 1 small dressing case, 2 towels, 1 pistol - nine shooter, 1 case of ammunition, 1 pair woolen socks, 1 silk undershirt, 2 pairs woolen drawers, 1 silk scarf (neck-tie), 1 pistol holster (leather0, 2 dressing robes, 8 linen shirts (dirty).

Second, one box marked "Numbers 1," containing the following-named articles, viz: Fifteen pairs socks, 5 undershirts, 3 pairs drawers, 1 double-barreled revolver, with molds, ammunition, &amp;c. ; quantity of smooking and plug tobbaco, case ornaments of slippers (worked0; 2 tooth-brushes; 1 pistol-case, furnished; 1 pair of holsters with pistols inclosed, 2 full packages metallic cartridges.

Transferred from trunk to box Numbers 2 for convenience in packing: Two pair lace shoes, 1 pair boots, 1 pair guntlets, 2 pair socks, 1 roll court-plaster, 1 woolen shirt, 1 pair drawers, 1 package of important papers, &c. ; 1 small bundle containing eye-glasses, a plain ring, &c.

Third, one box marked "Numbers 2," containing the following articles, viz: Private correspondence and miscellaneous papers, blank envelopes, and not paper, $20,000 rebel money, 6 boxes cigars, partraits of Davis, wife, and General Lee, 2 photographs of a rebel major-general, 1 portfolio.

I certify, on honor, that the above is a correct and complete inventory of the contents of the trunk and two boxes forwarded to department headquarters.

ED. W. DENNY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Statement of David L. Yulee respecting certain baggage which he placed in the keeping of Mr. M. A. Williams, at Waldo.

The circumstances attending my connection with the care of this baggage were the following:

On the evening of Wednesday (I think it was), May 24, I left Cainesville (where I had been for several days) for my home, and reached there a little before sundown. Upon arriving there I found two strange gentlemen who were made known to me as Captains Van

