
injure the prospect of a frank consideration of my true relations to the Confederate movement by the authorities who had caused my arrest. But I considered it would be craven in me then to charge my psotion, and although I think that under the circumstances it would have been considerate and proper in Captain V[an Benthuysen] to have relieved me by withdrawing his request I would not and did not suggest it to him. Not having rejected the acquaintance of these two gentlemen, nor refused the temporary charge theyr committed to me, the circumstances concerning themselves and their deposit remained their property, for them, to communicate or not as suited their interest and pleasure. I had no right to use my knowledge nor to impart it, unless in answer to direct inquiry demanding direct answer. Especially was this so after my becoming a prisoner, as it would have exposed me to the imputation of seeking personal favor and relief by making myself an informer. No question was ever put to me here which required or authorized me to communicate my knowledge.

The two gentlemen named above (Captains Van Benthusen) came to Jacksonville, reported themselves immediately upon their arrivla, took their parole, and remained in the place about two weeks.

proper for me to add, in order to exclude any impression that any property of Mr. Davis came to me be design of the owner, and as his agent, that I have never received any communication of any nature whatever, political or otherwise, from Mr. Davis since we parted in Washington in February, 1861, except one brief letter in that year declining to grant a military appointment to which I had specially recommended a citizen of the State. I also add that Mr. Williams, in whose charge the baggage was found, knew nothing beyond the mere request, hastily made by me in passing Waldo, that he would receive some baggage which I desired taken care of and keep it until sent for. I afterward requested Mr. Meader to obtain the baggage at my place when the train went in that direction and deliver it to Mr. Williams, with which direction he complied. Mr. Meader, like Mr. Williams, knew nothing of the ownership or contents of the baggage. This whole agency was under my direction. I will also add that Captain V[an Benthuysen] told me he was ignorant of the contents of the baggage remained so until what I have learned here; but from the circumstances I was fully impressed with the belief that it was altogether the private personal effects of Mr. Davis.

D. L. YULEE.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of June, 1865, at Jacksonville, Fla.

J. W. JOHNSON,

Captain, Third U. S. Colored Troops, and Provost-Marshal.

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh:

General Ord was directed some time since to withdraw his troops from North Carolina. The direction is now repeated to General Terry. Those at Halifax will be withdrawn as soon as you relieve them. Let the navy have everything connected with the navy-yards they desire.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

