
appointed by General Sherman for his march. I have ordered a large number of new wagon wheels to be forwarded to the army. The wagons are much worn, but with a good supply of new wheels will last through this campaign. The only difficulty I apprehend is that the occupation of so many of our steam transports with supplies and with troops may make it impossible to get here in time these new wheels and some wagons and teams which have been ordered. The army, however, can move and will move without these should they not arrive in time; they are not essential to its movement, but would improve the strength and efficiency of its trains. All the really necessary supplies, forage, and provisions and clothing are here or in harbor, and the means provided for bringing them forward are sufficient. I have requested the assignment of Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Boyd as chief quartermaster of General Schofield's army, with rank of colonel, under law of July 6, 1864, and that he have date from the time he has performed the duty of that position; he is a most deserving officer. I find that there is much disappointment among the commanders and quartermasters acting a division quartermasters, that these letter have not the rank of major, which they think they have earned by service. I have requested Generals Schofield, Howard, and Slocum, to have full lists prepared of those whom, upon recommendation of their subordinates, they think it advisable to assign as division quartermasters with rank of major. I hope to be able to forard these lists by the hand of the Honorable John Sherman, who will carry dispatches north to-night, and that if upon examination of the records of the officers in the Quartermaster-General's Office no serious objection is found to them they may all receive your approbation. I think that the service will gain by aprompt action in this, even if some of the names be not quite so good as others. The completion of the organization will give general satisfation, and if any of the officers named prove hereafter not fully worthy they can be suspended and the example will do good. Nearly, if not all who will be nominated have discharged the duties of division quartermaster for some time. Should I be disappointed, and this list not reach you within a day or two, I request that the nominations already in the Quartermaster-General's Office may be called up and acted on, so that the order of assignment may reach headquarters before the army moves again. General Easton has by my direction ordered to Hilton Head steamers to bring up 7,000 men of Sherman's army which are reported waiting there for transportation to this point. These steamers go from Morehead City. There are twelve days' rations for the whole army now in this town, and the clothing to refit the army entirely is here, or will be here to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. BEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 31, 1865.

General McCALLUM,

Morehead City:

Colonel Wright went this morning toward Wilmington to see about the road. We will do the best we can with present stock. You may send all five-foot gauge stock to Protsmouth and aim to repair the road out to Weldon on a five-foot gauge. I will have no use for the Norfolk and Petersburg road. I have instructed General Easton to discon-

