HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., June 24, 1865.

COMMANDING GENERAL CAVALRY COMMAND,

Lexington, N. C.:

The following telegram from the War Department will be carried into effect without delay. A roster of your command will be forwarded at once to these headquarters, giving time of expiration of service of each regiment, and number mounted and dismounted in each organization:

WASHINGTON, June 23, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Provided you have not executed the telegram order of the 5th instant from this office, relative to the discharge of all dismounted volunteer cavalry, it is hereby revoked, and instead it is ordered that a limited number of cavalry regiments having the shortest time to serve be dismounted and mustered out of service by entire organizations, and the horses thus obtained taken to mount of dismounted cavalrymen of regiment having the longest time to serve. The number of regiments to be organizations. The muster out of the regiment will be made uner the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from this office. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT.

By command of Major General J. D. Cox:

S. H. STILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LANCASTER, OHIO, June 25, 1865.

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to General Grant, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday after a tempestuous visit about Chicago and North Ohio, and now feel desirous to know what is to be my next destination. I have nothing official, and so far as my record goes, I could go into Kentucky and Tennessee and resume command, but from what General Grant told me at Chicago I suppose I am by him destined for Saint Louis, but, as the War Department may interpose, it is prudent on my part to ascertain authoritatively what official orders are in existence or ceontemplation touching me. I want, for economy's sake, to get my office and headquarters paraphernalia to their destination, and have written to General Townsend for any orders already made or determined on that will enable me to act. I will go next Saturday, July 2, to Louisville to attend the barbecue and celebration of the Fourth of July and will probably run down to Nashville to see Thomas. I would like, before starting, to know all that is proper and ask you to telegraph me by or before next Friday, sooner the better, if the new division has been determined, and where my headquarters are fixed. I can then establish my headquarters, make a single order assiging command, and give some general directions for receiving reports, when I can quietly come back to this village and spend some quiet weeks. It has been suggested to me that I will be quietly left out in the cold. Even if that be resolved on I ought to know it, that I may shape my private affairs accordingly.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

P. S. - Say to the general I have seen his order to Halleck, which the latter claism as the basis for his orders to Meade, Wright, and Sheri-

