
dan to pitch into Johnston. I approve General Grant's order for Wright to go to Danville and Sheridan toward Greensborough, which is a very different thing from Halleck's interpretation. General Grant did respect my truce by allowing the forty-eight hours' notice.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

LANCASTER, OHIO, June 25, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival here. I purpose to go to Louisville to attend a celebration of the approaching Fourth of July, and expect to find there my headquarters establisment. I have as yet seen no orders changing my command, although the newspapers announce that a new military division has been made, giving to General Thomas a separate command over Kentucky, Tennessee, and othe rparts of my hitherto territorial command. From the same source I hear that I am to go to Saint Louis. It is a matter of importance and economy to me personally to know where I am next to go, and what command I am to exercise, that I may make the preliminary preparations and give orders to my staff. Will you be kind enough to send me here any orders bearing on these points and telegraph my be or before next Friday if I may give direction to the records of my office with the clerks and staff officers for Saint Louis or any other place.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 25, 1865.

General TOWNSEND:

Relieve Major-General Cox, and direct him to report in person at Washington to the Adjutant-General for orders.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 25, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX,

U. S. Volunteers, Greensborough, N. C.:

By direction of the Secretary of War you are relieved from your present duties and will report in person to the Adjutant-General in Washington for orders. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 25, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Charleston or Hilton Head, S. C.:

Blank muster-out rolls will be immediately furnished. The neglect should have been reported to me sooner. Please forward the Davis papers immediately under guard, with instructions not to have been

