
hanlded or inspected until turned over to the Adjutant-General. There has been great negligence, delay, and misconduct in some departments in regard to official papers, which will not be overlooked. Have you taken any measures to secure the official papers at Columbia?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 25, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Charleston or Hilton Head, S. C.:

I have already telegraphed you to-day the Davis papers, and feel that you cannot be too strongly impressed with the necessity of getting them here speedily, and without allowing any to be abstracted or made public. Many documents at utmost importance have been abstracted by unauthorized persons that would be of great value to the Government. Place those you have seized in charge of a discreet officer, with strict orders for their safety and speedy arrival.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to respectfully request that Bvt. Brigadier General Loren Kent, colonel, commanding Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, be assigned to duty with his brevet rank. Colonel Kent is now, and has been for more than a year, commanding a brigade, and it is desirable that he be assigned as above requested.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Commanding officers of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas are instructed that whilst they are not to endanger private property by efforts to seize that heretofore claimed by the so-called Confederate States, willa id the officers of the Treasury Department in protecting and bringing to market that already in Government possession, or which was included in the surrender of the rebel armies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to Generals Gillmore, Thomas, and Sheridan.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, N. C., June 26, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch of yesterday relieving me is received, and I shall at once report accordingly.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

