
RALEIGH, N. C., June 26, 1865.

Bvt. Major General T. H. RUGER,

Greensborough, N. C.:

Turn over the command of the corps to General Carter and come down to-morrow if you can. I am going North, and shall turn over the department command to you. Answer.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., June 26, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Your telegram just received. I will start for Raleigh to-morrow.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brevet Major-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., June 26, 1865.

Bvt. Major General I. N. PALMER,

New Berne, N. C.:

The order relieving your as request will be made out and sent down immediately.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Augusta, Ga., June 26, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

I have acknowledge by telegram the instructions relative to General Orders, Numbers 177, War Department, 1864. As I have no copy to said order I have the honor to request you will forward one to me for my guidance. The number of troops which I have now at my disposal will be sufficient if strict military discipline is kept up, but we certainly need all the officers and men who are detailed from their commands. The Thirty-third U. S. Colored Troops needs its officers to maintain good order and discipline. In stating this I do so on my own observation and the request of its commanding officer. I inclose for the information of the major-general commanding copy of provost-marshal's instructions* respecting wagrants (white or black) and of soldiers and colored persons being on the streets after 9 p. m. Since my arrival at this post I have been scrupulously particular to protect the freedmen in every way. They have been recognized by me and my officers to every right, and white citizens or soldiers who have abused them have been severely punished. In every way the superintendent of freedmen, Mr. J. E. Bryant, has been assisted and left without interference. In this I am now satisfied that I have not been particular enough, and from my desire not to interfere have left the discipline of colored citizens in the hands of irresponsible parties. The colored citizens wander around all hours of the night, and many in conse-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

