
commanding to state that application should be made to these headquarters for the return of all absent officers, giving name, rank, and duties now being performed by them; also number of order detailing them. The action of your provost-marshal to prevent vagrancy and disorder, day or night, in your district is approved by the major-general commanding.

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that you are authorized to lease surplus land transportation upon such terms as you deem proper. Your action in regard to the Government cotton press, it retaining possession of the same, is also approved by the major-general commanding. I inclose you a copy of General Orders, Numbers 177, Adjutant-General's Office, series 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., July 4, 1865.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Greensborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general I have the honor to write that by orders received last evening from Washington the Second and Third Divisions of the Twenty-third Army Corps will be broken up. Only the six Indiana regiments and the Michigan regiments will be retained. You will command the District of West North Carolina and the First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, during the absence of General Ruger. Headquarters will be at Greensborough. Brevet Brigadier-General Schofield will command the First Brigade of that division, headquarters at Salisbury. This brigade will be stationed at Salisbury and Greensborough. The State will be districted, the east and west portions being separated. Orders to the above effect will soon be sent you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON A. CILLEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 5, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VOGDES,

Commanding District of Florida:

GENERAL: The accompanying dispatch has just been received from Washington. * As it requires immediate action I have sent it, as directed by the Secretary of War, by a special messenger, and request, in the absence of the major-general commanding, that you will return the required answer by the same officer with as little delay as possible. Major-General Gillmore has gone to Columbia, and will not return in several days. Your aide arrived this a. m. with dispatches, and I have requested him to await the return of General Gillmore, as he would probably pass him should he attempt to go to Charleston or Columbia to meet him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Townsend to Vogdes, June 30, 2. 30 p. m., p. 672.

---------------

