
were found in a deranged state, apparently having been thrown in hurriedly. I did not have time to arrange them, but was particularly careful to see that all papers and effects were replaced and sent forward. With a view to direct the attention of the Department especially to the papers, I took the liberty of addressing a private note, through General Hardie, to the Secretary of War, inclosing a note of the contents.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, July 8, 1865.

By permission of the Secretary of War the parole of Joseph E. Johnston, general in the late rebel army, is hereby extended to permit him to return to and reside in the State of Maryland until further orders from these headquarters. So long as be observes his parole and acts under this authority he will not be disturbed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Numbers 18. Greensborough, N. C., July 12, 1865.

I. In pursuance of paragraph 5, General Orders, Numbers 95, headquarters Department of North Carolina, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Greensborough, comprising the following-named counties: Caswell, Rockingham, Stokes, Surry, Yadkin, Forsyth, Guilford, Alamance, Randolph, Davidson, Davie, Rowan, Iredell, Alexander, Catawba, Cleveland, Lincoln, Gaston, Mecklenburg, Union, Anson, Richmond, Stanly, Cabarrus, Montgomery.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 16, 1865.

General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: On arrival here yesterday I found a copy of the map* you were kind enough to send me, illustrating our march from Atlanta to Goldsborough. The map is well designed to exhibit at a glance the routes of the several columns, but if you publish another edition I would suggest that you embrace the connections with our points of supply on the coast, coincident with my movement against Fort McAllister. I sent Kilpatrick to open up a communication with the fleet at "Kilkenny Bluff, on Saint Catharine Sound,' south of Ossabaw, and he made it. This was an alterantive, should we have failed to carry McAllister, and was very important on such an accident. Again the map should embrace Terry's route from Wilmington, N. C., to Faison's Depot on the railroad, and Cox's Terry on the Neuse, and Schofield's march from

---------------

*See Plate LXXVI, Map 2 of the Atlas.

---------------

