
Morehead City to Goldsborough. I would like to see the map prolonged to embrace the subsequent marches from Goldsborough to Durham Station, Chapel Hill University, Aven's Ferry, with their relation to Johnston's line of retreat via Greensborough, Salisbury, and Charlotte, as also our lines of march thence to Richmond and Washington; all of which are given in official reports in your office. My farewell orders are universally printed with errors that may have originated in my office. I cout off the copy appended to your map, and inclose it with corrections, and beg you will have the corrections made when you publish again for use and distribution. The corrections I have made seem to me material to the general sense. General Poe wrote me that he had beeen relieved from my staff. I regret it, though I confess he can be more usefully employed near you, but he possesses all the knowledge and date for making maps of our recent campaigns, and these maps are absolutely necessary to a proper understanding of the logic of events. So that I beg you will allow him to supervise the compilation of the maps and date on which I left him engaged. The work can be done by subordinates under his supervision. I ask you that you give me some assurance that this work will be done at once, and that I be kept advised from time to time of the progress. I must make a manful and connected report of the whole campaign and need the map by or before the meeting of the next Congress.

I am, with great respect, your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully recommend the full appointment of major-general for Bvt. Major General J. W. Geary, who has frequently been recommended for this promotion, before going out of service. General Geary has numerous testimonials from officers under whom he has served, which are now on file in the Adjutant-General's Office, in the shape of recommendations.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WEST POINT, July 24, 1865.

(Received 12. 05 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Will you be here soon, or shall I meet you in Washington?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 24, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

West Point, N. Y.:

I will be at West Point to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

