
major-general commanding in the field: Colonel James Wilson, provost-marshal-general; Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, assistant inspector-general; Major T. W. Osborn, chief of artillery; Captain F. W. Gilbreth, aide-de-camp; Captain F. J. Woodward, acting assistant quarermaster and acting chief quartermaster in the field; Captain P. A. Taylor, chief signal officer; Captain A. M. Van Dyke, assistant adjutant-gneeral; Captain A. S. Cole, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Amos Stickney, Engineer Corps, U. S. Army; First Lieutenant John A. Mills, acting assistant quartermaster and staff quartermaster; First Lieutenant G. W. Freeman, acting aide-de-camp; First. Lieutenant J. P. Sampson, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; Second Lieutenant Joseph A. Sladen, acting assitant adjutant-general; Asst. Surg. D. L. Huntington. U. S. Army, assitant medical director; Actg. Asst. Surg. J. L. Hoower, U. S. Army, staff surgeon. The officers of the chief quartermaster, chief commissary of subsistence, chief engineer, chief ordnance officer, and chief commissary of musters will remain with the established headquarters at New Berne, N. C. The chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence will consult with their respective chiefs of the Military Division of the Mississippi as to proper supply of the army when communication is reopened, and will report to them accordingly. Captain Taylor, chief signal officer, will direct to accompany headquarters in the field such officers and men of his corps as are necessary to perform the work of his department. Major E. Whittlesey, judge advocate, will remain at general headquarters, at least until the business of his department is transacted.

By ordedr of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., May 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Having been assigned to the command of this corps by the President, I have the honor to make the following recommendations for appointments on the corps staff, viz: Major Theodore Cox, assistant adjutant-gneeral, to be assitant adjutant-gneeral of the corps, with rank of lieutenant-colonel, vice Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Campbell, transferred to department staff, Department of North Carolina; Henry W. Wells, late major First Tennessee Light Artillery, to be senior aide-de-camp, with rank of major; Captain Hobart Ford, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to be aide-de-camp, with rank of captain; Major Tristram T. Drow, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, to be assistant inspector-gneeral of the corps, vice Lieutenant Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General W. Hartsuff, transferred to the department staff, Department of North Carolina; Captain D. W. H. Day to be chief quartermaster of the corps with the rank, &amp;c., of lieutenant-colonel, vice Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, transferred to chief quartermastership Army of the Ohio; Surg. C. S. Frink, U. S. Volunteers, to be medical director of the corps, vice Surgeon Shippen, transferred to medical directorhip Army of the Ohio. A recommendation for a second aide, with the rank of captain, will be made hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

