HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Warren's House on New Road, March 24, 1865-3. 45 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that scouts have gone on this (the new) road ten miles below (east of) Moccasin Creek without finding any enemy. Scouts have brought in forty-nine prisoners to-day. All agree in saying the Federal army is marching to Goldsborough.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Holt's, on Beulah Road, march 24, 1865-5 p. m.

Lieutenant HUDSON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In obedience to Major-General Wheeler's order I moved this morning down this road until I joined Colonel Ashby. After remaining for sometime, have returned to this place and gone into camp. I had sent out scouts before we received your orders to move. He has sent in 16 prisoners of the Twenthieth Corps, under Captain York, of the Thirteenth Tennessee, and 3 of the Twenty-third Corps, and I learn has several others with him. Five of my men charged eight in a house, killed 4 and wounded 3; the other escaped. Lieutenant Allison (son of Colonel Allison of the squadron), I am sorry to say, was killed within two miles and a half of Goldsborough. The enemy were all moving toward Goldsborough. I would send the prisoners but wait to receive the others. We have two scouts north of Little River, who have not reported yet. Captain York has just sent in 3 more prisoenrs, and reports killing another, making 22 prisoners here and 5 killed. The Twentieth Corps is crossing Little River at Kennedy's Bridge. The negro corps was at Cox's Bridge on the Neuse and not moving to-day.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Full reports from my scouts have not yet been received. Thus far they have reported the killing of 17 to 20 of the enemy and the capture of over 100 prisoners.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Near Smithfield, March 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to the circular of this date from army headquarters, requiring of the number of prisoners captured in the recent operations, I have the honor to say that very few were taken by my command, and were immediately sent forward to army headquarters and no note taken of them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

