
either Fayetteville or Wilmington. We shall need all our cavalry in Virginia, and the Second South Carolina is one of our best regiments. I address you on this subject supposing that all dispositions of the troops are made subject to your approval. if I am mistaken in this I beg you to refer this matter to General Bragg, as I hope that he will reconsider the order he has given. A part of the Sixth North Carolina is near Weldon and the regiment should be got together. As it composes a part of my corps I feel authorized to advise as to its location.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McLAWS' DIVISION,March 25, 1865.

Report showing the organizations in McLaws' division.

Kennedy's Brigade.

2nd South Carolina Regiment.

3rd South Carolina Regiment.

7th South Carolina Regiment.

8th South Carolina Regiment.

15th South Carolina Regiment.

20th South Carolina Regiment.

3rd South Carolina Battalion.

Fiser's Brigade.

1st Georgia Regulars.

5th Georgia Reserves.

27th Georgia Battalion.

6th Georgia Reserves.

2nd Georgia Battalion Reserves.

Harrison's Brigade.

5th Georgia Regiment.

47th Georgia Regiment.

32nd Georgia Regiment.

Blanchard's brigade.

1st Battalion South Carolina Reserves.

2nd Battalion South Carolina Reserves.

6th Battalion South Carolina Reserves.

7th Battalion South Carolina Reserves.

Kay's company of South Carolina Reserves.

Battalion of artillery.

Brooks' artillery (Terrell Artillery).

Abell's battery.

Anderson's battery.

Maxwell's section light artillery.

Very respectfully submitted.

R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,March 25, 1865-2 p. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM W. ALLEN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note of 12. 30 p. m. is received and forwarded to General Hampton, who has gone to Smithfield to see the commanding general. General Butler's division is not moving to-day, but his scouts which were sent out early to press down the river road have not yet reported. The presumption is that there is no enemy at Cox's Bridge, and none on the river road nearer than the vicinity of Goldsborough. Law went yesterday within one mile and a half of Cox's

