
olina with all possible rapidity. Transport supplies from Raleigh to Greensborough only so fast as they can be carried on from Greensborough. This will give you additional trains in Eastern North Carolina. You will be notified when it is necessary to remove rolling-stock from Eastern North Carolina.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 5. Near Smithfield, N. C., March 26, 1865.

I. The allowance of field transportation for the army is as follows:

Weight of baggage. - For general officers, 120 pounds; for captains, 50 pounds; for field officers, 100 pounds; for subalterns, 30 pounds.

Wagons.

Corps headquarters. - Baggage of officers, three wagons; forge, one wagon; medical supplies, one wagon; ambulance, one wagon.

Division headquarters. - Baggage of officers, two wagons; medical supplies, one wagon; forge, two wagons; ambulance, one wagon.

Brigade headquarters. - Baggage of officers, one wagon; intrenching tools, one wagon; medical supplies, one wagon; ambulance, one wagon.

Regiments. - Officer's baggage, including desks, medicine chests, &amp;c., for all officers of 400 men, one wagon; for cooking utensils for every 300 enlisted men, present for duty, one wagon; for every 300 present for duty, one ambulance.

Artillery. - To each battalion, for officers' bagage, one wagon; to each battalion, for cooking untensils of men, one wagon; for sick of battalion, one ambulance.

Reserve ammunition. - For every 375 muskets, one wagon; for every 12-pounder howitzer or rifle battery, two wagons; for every Napoleon-gun battery, three wagons.

Engineer troops. - Baggage of regimental officers, one wagon; cooking utensils for every 375 men present for duty, one wagon; for working tools of regiment, one wagon.

II. The baggage of field and staff of battalions of artillery will be transported in the wagons for officers' baggage.

III. All ambulances, wherever found, will be under the exclusive control of the medical director of the army.

IV. The forage wagons will be under the control of the chief quartermaster of the army, and will be distributed and used as he may direct.

V. The reduction called for by this order will be immediately made, and the surplus wagons and ambulances, if any, returned to the chief quartermaster of the army. Any deficiency will be supplied on proper requisition upon that officer.

VI. The forges at division headquarters will under the exclusive control of the division quartermaster, to be used for the troops of the division.

VII. The inspector-general of the army will see that the provisions of this order are complied with.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

