
IN THE FIELD, March 26, 1865.

Report of the actual commanders of the different divisions and brigades in the Army of Tennessee, in accordance with orders from army headquarters of this date:

Cheatham's Corps.

Cleburne's division, Brigadier General James A. Smith - Granbury's brigade, Major William A. Ryan. Govan's Brigade, Colonel Peter Snyder. Lowry's brigade, Lieutenant Colonel John F. Smith. Smith's brigade, Captain J. R. Bonner.

Bate's division, Major General William B. Bate - Finley's brigade, Lieutenant Colonel Elisha Washburn. Tyler's brigade, Captain H. Rice.

Brown's division, Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley - Gist's brigade, Colonel Hume R. Feild. Consolidated Tennessee brigades, Colonel Charles S. Hurt.

Lee's Corps - Major General Daniel H. Hill.

Hill's division, Colonel John G. Coltart - Deas' brigade, Colonel Harry T. Toulmin. Minigault's brigade, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Carter.

Stevenson's division, Major General Carter L. Stevenson - Pettus' brigade, Colonel James M. Dedman. Cumming's brigade, Colonel Robert J. Henderson. Palmer's brigade, Brigadier General Joseph B. Palmer.

Clayton's division, Major General Henry D. Clayton - Stovall's brigade, Major William C. Lester. Jackson's brigade, Lieutenant Colonel Osceola Kyle. Baker's brigade, Brigadier General Alpheus Baker.

Stewart's Corps - Major General Edward C. Walthall.

Loring's division, Colonel James Jackson - Scott's brigade, Captain J. A. Dixon. Adams' brigade, Lieutenant Colonel Robert J. Lawrence. Featherstone's brigade, Major Martin A. Oatis.

Walthall's division, Brigadier General George D. Johnston - Reynolds' brigade, Colonel Henry G. Bunn. Quarles' brigade, Captain Joe Love.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WHEELER'S CAVALRY CORPS,Near Smithfield, N. C., March 26, 1865.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL; Yours of the 2nd instant was received yesterday. I regret that it was delayed so long, but I am satisfied that my inspection and observations have served a better purpose, and will enable me to report more advisedly on the matters intrusted to me, although much time has been consumed thereby. General Wheeler's wagon trains have just reached him and I shall be enabled to leave here to-morrow for Columbia, via Charlotte, N. C. Waiting for this train was necessary to week to obtain them. I shall now start south with all dispatch and use every energy in the execution of my orders. I have seen the report made by Lieutenant-Colonel Roman of his inspection of Wheeler's cavalry by order of General Beauregard, and as it has been forwarded to

