
way from Georgia, and keep them amount on hand at one of those places, Alston is preferred, if the pontoon bridge over the river at that point is completed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 27, 1865-11. 10 a. m.

Major General P. M. B. YONG, Augusta:

General Johnston orders that Ferguson's brigade be sent here at once. Let him move promptly.

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 27, 1865-12 m.

Major E. WILLIS, Salisbury, N. C.:

If your services are indispensable at present to Treasury Department you are authorized to report temporarily to if for duty. Captain Sharp, or other competent quartermaster, must attend to shimppment of troops from Chester. Could you not visit Richmond first to settle that cotton business?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 27, 1865-5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel DEL. KEMPER,

Hillsborough, N. C.:

You should institute such measures with your command as will enable you hereafter to know of projected desertions and prevent. If deserters are caught report so that court may try ringleaders at once and make and immediate example.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

NEAR SMITHEFIELD, N. C., March 27, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Raleigh:

I haver received what seems to me god information that there is no enemy at Fayetteville. Would it not be better to let Lipscomb act with Whitford? This is a suggestion. I have told him to halt for your further orders. I find that the Sixth North Carolina belongs to General Lee's army. I propose to collect the regiment and send it to its brigade.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RALEIGH, March 27, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Smithfield:

It was not my intention to confine Lipscomb to the Cape Fear. His orders were to prevent the use of the Willmington railroad to Goldsborough an if practicable to operate on the New Berne road also. The battery of rifle artillery to command the Cape Fear. A gun-boat has been to Fayetteville since the enemy left. Colonel Whitford was

