HEADQUARTERS FIRST KENTUCKY CAVARLY,Near Bentonville, March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My scouts sent (in charge of Sergeant Ellis of this regiment) to the battle-field near Bentonville has returned. He reports finding none of the wounded of the enemy left. There are forty-five of the wounded of our army at the house of Mr. Harper (exclusive of those left at Bentoville). They are in a suffering condition for the want of proper supplies, and there is no surgeon to attend them. Mr. Harper and family are doing all their limited means will allow for the sufferers. Their wounds have been dressed and six or eight amputations performed skillfully by the surgeons of the enemy. There were no supplies left either with the wounded or in the country. There are no marks left by which the loss of the enemy can be estimated. Citizens report that they employed all their ambulances and 200 wagons constantly and actively, from Sunday afternoon until Thursday night, removing their dead and wounded. They admit a heavy loss in the Fourteenth Army Corps. Sergeant Ellis followed the enemy to the junction of the Bentoville and Goldsborough road with the Wilmington and Goldsborough road, at a point eight miles southwest from the latter place, ten miles from the battle-field, where he found the enemy's pickets. There was no straggling from the enemy's ranks. He ascertained that the enemy was crossing the Neuse River at Cox' Bridge, and at a point three miles above Goldsborough. One corps moved on the left-hand road from the battle-field to Neuse River. He also learned that a division of mounted infantry from Wilmington joined the enemy on Saturday. Captain Taylor, who was sent (in obedience to your order of yesterday) to ascertain the probable loss of the enemy will return this afternoon or to-morrow, and report more minutely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. GRIFFITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Outpost.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH CONFEDERATE CAVALRY,On Goldsborough Road, March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant A. B. MARTIN,

Acting Assistan Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front this morning. A few shots have been exchanged by scouts, but no advance of the enemy as yet. My scouts have gone as far as the river on this and the Neuse River road and report no enemy this side of the river, excepting a small picket. The pickets are infantry. Their drums distinctly heard considerably to the left of this road up the river. The enemy complain of being short of rations and that they will be until they get trains running through to Willmington and New Berne. Their trains are running now, but how far I cannot learn. They are fortifying at Goldsborough and constructing abatis in front of their works. Some ladies from there yesterday report that they have strong works in front of the city; that they have three army corps there, and are ditching some distance out. I respectfully state that Doctor Goelett, who resides here at

45 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

