
be restored. The aid of people of the country is necessary, and I ask yours. I am most anxious to protect citizens against robbery.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, N. C, March 28, 1865.

General A. R. LAWTON,

Richmond:

We need shoes much. Can you send 5,000 paris immediately to Raleigh?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MARCH 28, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I would respectfully submit for your consideration the following plan for supplying your army with field transportation and artillery horses: Our officers have three classes of duty: First, inspection; second, purchasing, impressing, and issuing animals; third, fabricating, purchasing, and issuing allother property pertaining to field transportation. A chief officer is required for each of these duties and the following disposition was adopted: As inspector, Major A. L. Landis, who is the inspector of field transportation, Army of Tennessee. He has a complement of assistant and experience in the matter. He would order issue and be in constant communication with the chief quartermaster of the army; would know the wants of the army and resources of this department, and be prepared to furnish what information you might call for concerning the field transportation.

As the officer charged with purchasing of animals, Major James N. Edmonston, who has been on that duty for ten months past; is familiar with the business and has a competent assistant. It is intended that everything pertaining to the supply of animals shall be done under his direction. Animals collectery for the supply of your army he will turn over to Captain George Cox (whose office will be not far in the rear of the army) for issue when requisite. As the officer charged with furnishing wagons, harness, &amp;c., Major Kensy Johns, who has been long on that duty. He will turn over to Captain Cox all the property of that description, for issue to your army. We have then an officer responsible for the conduct of each branch of our duty, and propose that they shall confine themselves strictly to the specialty assigned them. A number of officer obtained temporarily have been sent to Major Edmonston to aid him, and I hope the collection of animals will be so successful as to put our transportation and artillery in efficient condition. There is now a double call upon the resources of the First District (Virginia and North Carolina) ans it is necessary that this division be made of what can be procured. I propose to give for the equipment of your army all the animals sent by Major N. W. Smith from the Second District, and one-third of those collected in North Carolina, General Lee's army being supplied from the other two-thirds, with what we can get in Virginia. In other matters, as rations, I think there will be little difficulty in meeting all demands. I trust the division of labor and apportionment of animals procured will meet your approbation, as it is the best plan I can devise. If you can suggest a different one as more acceptable to you I respectfully ask that it be communicated to me. Our efforts, in the present condition of supply in the country, can

