HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,New Gerne, N. C., March 31, 1865-11. 15 a. m.

Colonel NICHOLAS W. DAY,

Commanding Station, Morehead City:

The following telegram from General Schofield has just been received. General Palmer desires you to give it your attention.

General PALMER:

Several thousand troops are expected at Morehead very soon. They are detachments of the several corps of General Sherman's army. Direct the commanding officer at Morehead to send them forward to this place withut delay. As many as can be transported on the freight trains may come by rail and the balance must march.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 31, 1865-12 m.

Brigadier-General PALMER, New Berne:

Since my dispatch this morning General Sherman has decided that no troops can come by rail. Hence they will all have to march from Morehead.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., March 31, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: We have had a very heavy storm here. The Canonicus and Coit put in here on account of the storm. I took the troops off the Coit and put them on the Anna Maria. The Anna Maria and Canonicus went to sea, but were compelled to return. I sent the Coit to Hilton Head for coal. She returns withut any and orders to go back to Hilton Head without delay. The troops she brought from Hilton Headare still here. you write me to take the troops off the Planter. She has not been here; neither has General Potter. The Savannah is repaired, but will have to be towed to Georgetown. The Augusta is not yet completed. No troops have yet been sent from here to Gerogetown. I have sent up rations and a train of twenty-five six-mule teams and wagons. Nothing has been done toward opening the inner channel, as we have had no steamer for the purpose. We need steamers and coal. The navy lend us as we ask, in driblets, but do it grudgingly. They say we owe them &amp;1,500,000 worth. The only steamers I have that can go to sea re the Anna Maria and Loyalist. The Hughton is, I presume, weather bound somewhere below. The Crotton is out of repair. The captured steamers are not even to be depended upon to run in the harbor. The Colonel Burnett, which is the only one of any value is employed removing guns. I hope you will come here before you go to Georgetown. Without coal and steamers we will be unable to get the expedition off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

