
General M. L. Bonham, Provisioanl Army, C. S., is assigned. He will report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding, &amp;c.

* * *

XXI. The detachment of the Fifty-fifth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, on duty at Salisbury, N. C., and Andersonville, Ga., will be immediately relieved by detachments of reserve forces of those States, and will report to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding, &c., for duty with their regiment. To supply the guard thus relieved the commandants of the above-named posts will make requisitions on the commanding generals of reserves of the respective States for the requisite number of men.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 8. Near Smithfield, N. C., March 29, 1865.

The following letter is published by direction of the general-in-Chief:

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 11, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I have felt with great sensability the delay and disappointment experienced by our brave defenders, in the receipt of their pay. I repose, however, with confidence upon their intelligence and partiotism to bear these additional trials with fortituted. They contribute to the sum of those sufferings demanded by our inexorable enemy as the price of liberty, and of which their heroic endurance has rendered the Army illustrious. It shall be the object of my unceasing efforts to repair this deficiency as early as possible. I believe it to be unavoidable. In the efforts to replenish the Treasury Congress had but two courses it to be unavoidable. In the efforts to replenish the Treausury Congress had but two courses open to it. One was to enlarge the issue of Treasury notes and the other to draw upon the source of taxation. Had they resorted to the first the notes would have become worthless, and the pay of the soldiers been a mockery and delusion. They patriotically preferred the nobler course of imposing heavy taxes upon property and incomes, and maintaining, at the expense of the whole country, the values in which the soldier is paid. The collection of taxes requires time, and until accomplished the resoureces of the Treasury must necessarily be straitened. It is a subject of profound regret with me that our gallant troops should participate in the general inconvenience that results. Every effort shalll be made t give them relief, and no claim upon the Treasury shall have preference over theirs.

I remain, sir, with sentiments of profound respect, your obedient servant,

G. A. TRENHOLM,

Secretary of the Treasury.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 29, 1865-10. 45 a. m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Near Smithfield, N. C.:

General Taylor reports Canby's army attacking Mobile from eastern side and heavy force of Thomas' cavalry moving down through North Alabama. I wonder if Minerva has stamped on the earth for our foes.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

