
Department, and saying no recent return had been received, I haved the honor to report that regular tri-monthly returns were forwarded up to the 20th February. Since that time the constant movements of the troops and interruption of mail communications have rendered it impracticable to obtain subordinate reports from commands so scatered as mine have been.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

RALEIGH, March 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Smithfield:

Five batteries reported to Hoke; one was ordered with Lipscomb to prevent the navigation of Cape Fear by enemy; the other four are encamped, under Lieutenant-Colonel Starr, near Mr. Saunders', three miles this side of Smithfield, in reserve. Major Strange, sent by me to Fayetteville, reports no enemy there now, but that the gun-boats and transports come up the river unmolested.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, March 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have had with me, acting as couriers a detachment of men formerly detailed in the signal corps, but no longer needed in that capacity in the country where we were operating. Being no longer needed at my headquarters, the sergeant has been ordered to report to you for orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, VA., March 30, 1865.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va. ;

The Secretary of War just informed me that General Johnston has directed the removal of supplies from Raleigh, as necessary for their safety. If this indicates a purpose to retire behind the railroad line from Goldsborough to Raleigh, and thence to Greensborough, the region of supplies will be lost, and we cannot maintain our position in Virginia and North Carolina. I hope you will be able by specific instructiosn to avert so great a calamity.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, N. C., March 30, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

General Beauregard's inspecting officer reported 11,000 small-arms in the hands of General Hood's troops at Tupelo; they have brought with them little more than a third of that number. I have telegraphed on the subject to Lieutenant-General Taylor.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

