
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH Numbers 22. Charleston, S. C., March 31, 1865.

General Orders, Numbers 12, current series, from these headquarters, authorized the retention of certain articles of captured or abandoned property for the furnishing of officers' quarters. It was not the intention that furnture for quarters should include plate, pianos, organs, pictures, and works of art. No such articles will be retained by officers without special permission from the supervising special agent of the Treasury. If any officer has retained such articles without special authority he will immediately turn them over to Captain Sturdevant. The retention by officers of articles not specified in the certified list, furnished in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 12, will be considered sufficient cause for taking from them all mentioned in their inventories, as well as subjecting the officer to trial for disobedience of orders.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 31, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Commanding Dist. of Savannah, Dept. of the South, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letterof the 28th instant, inclosing a copy of an order from the Department of State, dated March 14, instant, cut from a newspaper. In this letter you ask whether any action shall be taken upon this order before the reception of the official copy, and also if any exceptions shall be taken from the literal reading of the order, which, as it stand, makes no exception in the cases of thsoe who have heretofore taken the amnesty oath. I am instructed by the major-gneeral commanding to state that until this order is officially received you need take no action under it. You will, however, to avoid future complications as far as possible, see that no persons are hereafter allowed to take the amnesty oath within your district who come within the intent of this order from the State Department. You also request to be informed whether General Grant's Special Orders, Numbers 13, shall go into effect before the reception of the official order, and also if it is construed to suspend operations in cotton entered into upon Treasury permits having the indorsement of the President, and also if under that order such latitude can be allowed to persons bringing in provisions for sale under the order of General Sherman as will allow them to take out with them trifling articles for household use. The major-general commanding supposes that you refer to General Grant's Special Orders, Numbers 48, dated March 10, instant, suspending operation on all Tresury-made permits, &amp;c., as he has not seen any Special Orders, Numbers 13, from General Grant upon this subject. If there is such an order please send a copy to these headquarters for examination. General Grant's Special Orders, Numbers 48, has been republished in General Orders, Numbers 38, from these headquarters, a copy of which is inclosed and will be strictly and literally enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

