
HIGH POINT, N. C., April 1, 1865-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General FEARHERSON,

Salisbury, N. C.:

Enemy reported yesterday evening about Huntsville movin toward Salem or Winstoon. Push up troops rapidly as possible, and look out for him on way to Greensborough.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SALISBURY, April 1, 1865.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Colonel G. C. Stowe reports Stoneman's advance at Jonesville, Yadkin County, last night, moving in two columns, one on each side of the river. Force from 6,000 to 8,000; six pieces of artillery.

J. F. HOKE,

Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 1, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Yours by Colonel Sale was duly received. I am sorry to learn that so much of the good tidings published in regard to operations in North Carolina is without solid foundation. My last hope was that Sherman, while his army was worn and his supplies short, would be successfully resisted and prevented from reaching a new base or from making a junction with Schofield. Now it remains to prevent a junction with Grant. If that cannot be done the enemy may decide our policy. Your long and large experience in Tennessee an Georgia renders palpable to you the difficulty and danger of a movement toward either. If we could feet the army in Virginia after [losing?] railroad communication with the South, the problem would be, even in the worst view of it, one of easy solution. How long this could be done I cannot say, but fear the supply of grain is quite small. Our condition is that in which great generals have shown their value to a struggling State. Boldness of conception and rapidity of exeucution have often rendered the smaller force victorious. To fight the enemy in detail, it is necessary to outmarch him and surprise him. I can readily understand your feelings. We both entered into this war at the beginning of it; we both staked everything on the issue, and have lost all which either public or private enemies could take away; we both bear the consciousness of faithful service, and, may I not add, the sting of feeling that capacity for the public good is diminished by the covert workings of malice and the constant iterations of falsehood. I have desired to see you employed in a position suited to your rank and equal to your ability. I do not desire to subjecopposition, when failure may be produced by it, and will not fail on the first fitting occasion to call for your aid in the perilous task which lies before us.

With kindest regards, I am, very truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

P. S. - Let me hear from your often.

D.

