SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 67. City Point, Va., April 1, 1865.

I. Major General C. Schurz, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the First Army Corps, and will report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, for assignment. The following staff officers will accompany General Schurz: Major E. F. Hoffman, Captain Charles Spraul, Captain J. C. A. Schenofsky, additional aides-de-camp. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for officers, horses, servants, &amp;c.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April Numbers 44. 1, 1865.

I. The Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry is hereby transferred from the Department of North Carolina and Army of the Ohio to the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, and the commanding officer will report to Bvt. Major General J. Kilpatrick for orders.

II. Brevet Major-General Kilpatrick, commanding cavalry, will move his command and take position in front of the army toward Weldon.

* * * * *

VII. The following is announced as the organization of this army: Right Wing, Army of the Tennessee, Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, Major General O. O. Howard commanding; Left Wing, Army of Georgia, Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, Major General H. W. Slocum commanding; Center, Army of Ohio, Tenth and Twenty-third Corps, Major General J. M. Schofield commanding; Cavalry, Bvt. Major General J. Kilpatrick commanding.

VIII. Each of these commanders will exercise the power prescribed by law for a general commanding a separate department of army in the field.

IX. Major General Joseph A. Mower is hereby, subject to the approval of the President, appointed to the command of the Twentieth Corps, vice Slocum, promoted to the command of an army in the field.

X. Brigadier General Charles C. Walcutt is hereby transferred from the Army of the Tennessee to the Army of Georgia, for assignment to the command of a division made vacant.

XI. Brigadier General Charles Ewing, having been promoted, is hereby relieved from staff duty at these headquarters, and will report to Major-General Howard for assignment to duty according to his rank.

XII. Surgeon Goodman, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as medical director of the Twentieth Army Corps, and assigned as medical director of the Army of Georgia, and will report to Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding.

* * * * *

XIV. The Twenty-third Battery New York Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Department of North Carolina and Army of the

