
full capacity, which will be brought down as soon as the wagons are furnished. Fifteen hundred Enfield rifles and 3,000 sets accountments on their way here. About 1,000 to 1,250 stand arms in addition can also be made available as soon as required.

Presented by Captain Vanderford, assistant ordnance officer, April 4.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, April 5, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

It is important that I should know the state of affairs in Virginia. Please give me all the information you can of General Lee.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DANVILLE, VA., April 5, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Headquarters Army of Tennessee, near Smithfield, N. C.:

Your dispatch to Secretary of War, in his absence, received. I have sent a courier to General Lee, and hope to hear from him to-day. He was concentrating toward Amelia Court-House. The enemy had reached Burkeville Junction and were destroying railroad. We have rumors of hard fighting. No official intelligence has reached me. Your knowledge of General Lee's plans will enable you to infer future movements and his wishes in regard to your forces. If I receive anything which will be valuable to you it will be communicated. Begin cipher with each paragraph.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 5, 1865-2 p. m.

President DAVIS:

(Care Brigadier General H. H. Walker, Danville, Va.)

General Johnston, fearing an advance of Sherman, owing to fall of Richmond, has recalled cavalry ordered to Danville from Hillsborough; but Colonel Wheeler's regiment has been ordered to keep between raiders and Danville. Ferguson's brigade, expeted at Chester to-day, will be sent to Danville. Colonel McAlister, with 600 infantry, will leave this evening for same point

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, N. C., April 5, 1865-7 a. m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Greensborough:

Events in Virginia will make Sherman move. Wheeler is, therefore, absolutely necessary here. The returning troops and Ferguson are all that can be afforded for your object, especially as we do not learn Stoneman's objective.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

