
DANVILLE, VA., April 8, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Headquarters near Smithfield, N. C.:

Your telegram received in absence of Secretary of War. General Cobb has been directed as far as practicable to aid in defense of Alabama. General Taylor's command is extended to embrace Macon and Atlanta. General Wofford ordered to co-operate with General Cobb as far west as practicable.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

SMITHFIELD, April 8, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Pleas send the first information of General Lee. When you can communicate ask him how I can co-operate with him. It is important that I be informed before Sherman moves.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 8, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLOVER, April 8, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

General Lee assembled most of his force at Amelia Court-House on the 5th, but enemy with part of his force attached Junction same evening and with remainder pressed him at Amelia during night of 5th and morning of 6th. We captured about 800 prisoners, but in afternoon met a serious reverse and part of army fled across Appomattox at High Bridge and other points. Left General Lee at Farmville yesterday morning, where he was passing main body across river for concentration and temporary relief. I do not think he is pressed, as there was very little firing yesterday and I have heard none to-day. He will still try to move around toward North Carolina. Stoneman is reported to be near Liberty, advancing on Lynchburg. No news from Echols, but he is supposed to be close on Stoneman's rear. Lomax, from near Lexington, reports enemy in considerable force advancing up Shenandoah Valley. General Lee has sent orders to Lomax to unite with Echols against Stoneman, and to Colston to make firm defense of Lynchburg. No definite information as to movements of enemy from Junction toward Danville; a party reported yesterday near Charlotte Court-House. Straggling has been great and the situation is not favorable. General Lee directed me [to] send you a general statement when I left him. He did not know whtat route circumstances would permit him to take.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 8, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Up to 10 o'clock this morning nothing official from General Lee. All private accounts cheering and represent the army in good condition

