
filled. I have noticed that where pants have been received in most cases they have been of the infantry pattern, while the artillery department are entitled to be supplied with re-enforced cavalry pants. It has been reported me, unofficially, that division quartermasters have been unable to ge the required number of cavalry pants, and at the same time I have observed that officers, and orderlies, and infantry soldiers have procured many of that pattern, which is conclusive evidence that quartermasters have deprived the artillery of their legitimate demands, where such demands in many cases might have been complied with. The command is greatly in need of good artillery horses. Fully fifty per cent. of the horses on hand are unserviceable. Many horses have been obtained from quartermasters, foragers and from corrals, but in most cases the animals have been jaded, poor, diseased, lame, blind, with sore backs, sore necks, and totally unfit for any service, especially unfit for artillery use. Company H, First Illinois Artillery, needs 15 horses; Twelfth Wisconsin Battery needs 20 horses; Company B, First Michigan Artillery, needs 40 horses; Company H, First Missouri Artillery, needs 50 horses. I have issued orders for the batteries to get in readiness for a thorough inspection on Monday and Tuesday of next week, after which I can more fully report on their condition. Stables have been built for the horses and shades erected for the harness, and nothing has been spared on my part to put the command in complete readiness for immediate service.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ROSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 83. Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865.

* * * * *

II. During the temporary absence of Captain J. W. Roberts, acting assistant inspector-general, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, on leave, Captain John E. Simpson, Fifty-ninth Indiana Infantry, is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general for that division.

* * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST AND SECOND DIVS., 23rd ARMY CORPS,

Moseley Hall, N. C., April 1, 1865.

General RUGER:

GENERAL: General Couch has information that a party of rebel cavalry, to the number of 100, are now scouting along in your ront and on your right, aiming to hit the railroad near Kinston. He wishes you to have your railroad patrols and your pickets exercise double vigilance, your commanders to be on the alert, and yourself to constantly have scouts and parties about on your front and right to send if the rebels can be found out.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

