
any detached parties of troops, &amp;c., which you may find, and notify all scouting parties of your movements. Communicate with General Baker by courier as well as by telegraph, and endeavor to communicate all important information so rapidly as to give timely notice to the trains which are collecting supplies. General Hampton is of opinion that the main force of the enemy will move toward Raleigh west of Little River. If you are compelled to move, bring asmuch of them as you can in your wagons. Destroy the railroad train if it cannot be brought out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Communicate any movement to General Johnston by telegraph.

RALEIGH, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER,

Weldon, N. C.:

About 1,000 straggling cavalry from Lee's army are said to have crossed Roanoke at Gaston, and are maraduing the plundering. Colonel George Jackson is to-day ordered to command and organized them temporarily and obey your orders. Use them as you find necessary at present and report by telegraph. Report their number, the commands they belong to, and officers among them by mail.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, April 8, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE JACKSON,

Raleigh, N. C.:

COLONEL: The general commanding is informed that quite a number of straggling cavalry of General Lee's army (say 1,000, more or less) have crossed the Roanoke at Gaston and are marauding and plundering the country there and in that vicinity. The general directs that you proceed immediately to Littleton Depot (this side of Gaston) and assume command of these men for the time being, giving orders, if necessary, in his name, and bring them to some order and dispose them in temporary organizations. Report immediately on arrival, by telegraph, to these headquarters. You will obey any orders you may receive from Brigadier General L. S. Baker.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIFTEEN MILES FROM DANVILLE,

Saturday afternoon, [April 8, 1865]-4. 30 o'clock.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: At the intersection of the road leading from Breckirndige to the Danville and Henry Court-House road I met three of Wheeler's cavalry-commissary and two others. I was looking for a part of

