
Early's train, which I accompanied from the upper Valley and which was in advance of me. These officers told me that the enemy was on that road, that a fight took place this morning at Henry Court-House, and that they were separated from their command. A few minutes after I met a servant of Samuel Harden Hairsten with a note from a person in the country, sending intelligence that the enemy, 600 strong, hold Henry Court-House; that Wheeler had killed about 100 of them, but fell that the person to whom the dispatch was sent has failed to forward it, and having seen these officers, who were in sight of the fight whilst it was progressing, I deem it proper to send you the information, not being able to ride in myself to night.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. P. KANE.

NEAR SMITHFIELD, N. C., April 9, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: Prisoners and citizens from Goldsborough say that it is understood in the Federal army that it is to advance on Raleigh to-morrow. It is of great importance that General Lee should know this, in order to combine the movements of his army and these troops. I earnestly suggest, therefore, that you communicate with him as soon as possible, by the most trusty messengers, who may bring back his orders, as well as explanations of his intentions. It is necessary for me to know them before being pressed back beyond Raleigh.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 13. Near Smithfield, N. C., April 9, 1865.

I. The Army of Tennessee will be organized as follows:

Hardee's corps: Cheatham' division, Brown's (late Cleburne's) division, Hoke's division.

Stewart's corps: Loring's division, Walthall's (late McLaws') division, Anderson's (late Taliaferro's) division.

Lee's corps: Hill's division, Stevenson's division.

II. Brown's division will be composed of the reorganized brigades of Govan and J. A. Smith.

Loring's division will be composed of the following brigades, constituted as indicated:

Featherston's brigade: The regiments now under Brigadier-General fEatherston; the new Arkansas regiment formed of Reynolds' brigade, Thirty-seventh Mississippi Regiment.

Lowry's brigade: The troops now in Adams' brigade, Twelfth Louisiana Regiment of Scot's brigade.

Shelley's brigade: The Alabama regiments now in Scott's brigade; First Alabama Regiment, now in Quarles' brigade; Forty-fifth, Thirty-third, and Sixteenth Regiments, now in Lowry's brigade; Sevententh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Alabama Regiments, now with Brigadier-General Shelley.

Walthall's division will consist of the following brigades:

Conner's brigade: Second South Carolina Regiment, made up of Second and Twentieth South Carolina Regiments; Third South Carolina

