
MOREHEAD, April 1, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Have been sent with me 4,600 men, organized into a provisional division, from Chattanooga to join General Sherman's army. The men consist of detachments from Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps, principally, and a small lot belonging to Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twenty-third Corps, and artillerists and cavalry. My orders from General Halleck are to come here and report to Major-General Schofield. Heavy weather at sea rendered it impossible to get here before this morning. My vessel required coal before proceeding to Wilmington. Telegraph me here, care of Colonel Day, any orders for me. Orders from some source have been given the other vessels to proceed to Wilmington, and they have gone there. I learn the men I bring are all good soldiers, nearly all armed, and it is important to get them to their egiments as soon as possible. There are about 900 men of Ajax steamer with me (Colonel William O'Brien, commanding Fourteenth Corps detachment, and Lieutenant-Colonel McManus' Twentieth Corps detachment) that have gone forward to Wilmington. Colonel Day has shown me telegraphis dispatches which lead me to think you wish the troops stopped here.

Will wait for an answer.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, N. C., April 1, 1865-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRUFT:

(Care of Colonel Day, Morehead City.)

Your dispatch is received. Land the troops now with you at Morehead and march at once for this place. Let those that have started for Wilmington go on. They will reach this place about the same time either way.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MOSELEY HALL, April 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General McLEAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I prefer that you will send out foraging parties much in front of your present line. There is plenty for you south of the railroad, or I can furnish from General Ruger's supply that he has. Your scouting parties in front must not be cumbered by wagons; a few strethcers only. I have ordered Ruger to advance a brigade to Lenior Insitute. I get daily reports from the officer in charge of General Ruger's railroad guards, but none from you. I trust that your scouting parties will try and cut off some of these rebel detachments prowling on your front. They are daily increasing in boldness. In my opinion it would be well to slightly fortify all of your frontiers. Send me a report from every scouting party sent out from your command.

Very respectfully,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

