
of a vacant house. The road for last three or four miles is worse than it has been. Do you think there will be any risk in sending my wagons ahead by an hour in the morning with small escort?

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,April 12, 1865.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lee's Corps:

MAJOR: I sent back a courier this morning to conduct the regiment of Henderson's brigade left in Raleigh to its command. A courier has arrived here with a note from the regimental commander that he had been ordered by the commander of the post to remain in town until relieved by the cavalry, which is expected there to-night or to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,April 12, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Stewart.

I understood that the regiment would be relieved this morning by some infantry regiment of one of the other corps.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,En route to Hillsborough, April 12, 1865.

General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding, &c.:

I have ordered the detail for the bridge and will start it [at] once. But it will be impossible for it to make much headway to-day, as Lee's corps is in advance of uson the same road. Would it not be more expeditions for Lee to send it ahead from his advance?

Respectfully,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

DURHAM'S HOUSE, April 12, 1865-6. 30 a. m.

General WHEELER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to say that he desires you to cross your command at Battle's Bridge and destroy the bridge. He desires you to cover the approaches to Raleigh above Battle's Bridge. General Hampton will be moving up on the road near the railroad toward Raleigh. He has ordered 3,000 horseshoes to be turned over to you at Raleigh. Please make arrangements to carry them off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McMLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

