
APRIL 12, 1865-3. 30 o'clock.

General J. WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to inform you that he has taken General Allen over to the railroad to re-enforce Colonel Wright, who is fighting there, and has instructed Colonel Ashby toguard this road (the one upon which he is encamped), check any advance of the enemy, and fall back before him toward Raleigh. He directs me to send you the inclosed letter from army headquarters, and to direct that you will detail 200 men at once for provost guard in Raleigh. A similar detail will be made from Butler's division. You will instruct the officer in charge of detachment from your command that he will be held strictly accountable for any midemeanors which may be committed in the city. No soldier who has not proper papers will be allowed to remain in the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLLELAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE,Two Miles and a half west of Black Creek Station, April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Wheeler's Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor, very respectfully, to apply tot the major-general commanding for instructions, as from the present position of our army and that of the enemy I am ata loss to know what duty is expected of my command. My orders from General Allen direct me, in case of being pressed back, to retire to Battle's Bridge. From the tenor of my instructions, I am to remain here until ordered to leave or until actually pressed back by the enemy, and then to fall back on Battle's Bridge. There is no enemy in my front (my scous have been down as far as Snow Hill) and none within ten miles of my right flank. Please let me know by bearer the nature of the duty expected of me and how long I am expected to remain in this position, and when I retire in what direction I am to retire.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 12, 1865-11 p. m.

Major General L. L. LOMAX,

Danville, Va.:

Send by trustly messengers orders to General Echols, or commanding officer in Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee, to take all the troops in that department by the most practicable route to the northwestern part of South Carolina, say to or near Flat Rock, and communicate as soon as possible with General J. E. Johnston and with the War Department. Let same orders be given to General Martin and other

