
commanding officers in Western North Carolina. Send the orders in the form of a copy of this dispatch and acknowledge the receipt. Send the copies sealed and give strict injunctions against capture.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Greensborough, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Major General L. L. LOMAX, Danville, Va.:

The aid of your cavalry will be required in executing the order communicated to Brigadier-General Walker this morning, which is not repeated for your instructions:

Send cars loaded with the most important supplies to break in road, which, if not repaired, unload and return them to Danville for other supplies. Should the enemy advance in large force, sacrifive everything; save your command.

Recall your cavalry from the Valley, bringing them and all others you can collect to this place, after the shipment of supplies as above described. To economize transportation, fully equip your troops from the supplies. What has become of the rest of your command?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

NEAR HILLSBOROUGH, N. C.,

April 13, 1865-7 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Company's Shops:

Following just received dated 10 a. m. 13th, six miles from Raleigh-courier says this side Raleigh:

The enemy is pressing me heavily and I am compelled to halt my whole command to fight him.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Stewart and Lee are within two miles of Hillsborough, Cheatham, it is supposed, at Chapel Hill. Our camp is half a mile from depot.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Hillsborough, April 13, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding:

GENERAL: The movement you designed making to-morrow with your corps and Lee's is correct. The enemy at 10 a. m. to-day were pressing Wheeler vigorously six miles this side of Raleigh. Lieutenant-General Hardee desires, therefore, you will make a good march to-morrow, and if possible get all your troops across Haw River. There are said to be good fords near the railroad bridge. If your find this true it would be well to send your wagons by them and let the troops alone cross the railroad bridge.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -General Johnston will probably not return to headquarters till to-morrow.

