
APRIL 13, 1865-10. 20 a. m.

General J. WHEELER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to say that at a point seven miles from Raleigh on your road, and eight on this, a cross-road connects the two. If only cavalry advances againstus, General Hampton desires us to take position on both roads, covering the connecting road and check the enemy. If the enemy attack heavily on either road, he desires to send re-enforcements from one road to theother. If you are heavily attacked Law will re-enforce you, and if Law is heavily attacked General H. desires you re-enforce him by an attack on the flank of the enemy pressing him. He desires to whip the enemy's cavalry, if they advance unsupported by infantry, but does not desire to get into a heavy engagement with the enemy's infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR HILLSBOROUGH, N. C.,

April 14, 1865-9. 30 a. m.

General BEAUREGARD,

Greensborough:

Stewart and Lee will pass Greensborough early in afternoon day after to-morrow. Hardee's corps left Chapel Hill this morning and will take the road pointed out by General Iverson.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS,April 14, 1865-7. 30 p. m.

General STEWART:

General Johnston desires you will put your corps and Lee's in motion for Greensborough at sunrise to-morrow. There are two roads, one on each side of the railroad. Your troops will take the left-hand or southernmost road. Major Johnson, of the engineers, will send you directions.

Respectfully,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my headquarters are about one mile and a half from the bridge near a branch, and on the main road. I have been moving early every morning since leaving Smithfield, under orders from Lieutenant-General Stewart. Shall I still look to him for orders?

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

