
APRIL 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-General LEE, Commanding Corps:

General Stewart desires you to move your corps on the right-hand or northern road and to move at sunrise in the morning.

I am, general, respectfully,

W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR HILLSBOROUGH, N. C.,

April 14, 1865-8. 15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON:

General Johnston desires you will cause General Wheeler to send scouting parties to observe the Pittsborough road and the other roads turning off to the enemy's left, so as to give us prompt information of any intention of the enemy to intersect our line of march by moving directly upon Salisbury or Charlotte. The general wishes you, as you retire, to destroy all railroad bridges and such others as are of any importance to the enemy, as well as public stores abandoned, which canot be carried off by the country people. The telegraph wire should be torn down and cut in many pieces behind you.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

9 a. m. -Dupblicate sent and this postscript added.

P. S. -Stewart's and Lee's corps will encamp to-night on the other side of Haw River, near the railroad bridge. The advance of Hardee's corps was last night only as far as Chapel Hill. This corps is therefore behind the rest of the infantry, and a stronger cavalry force should protect its rear than that of the other two. If you learn that the enemy is moving to his left, [to] intercept us, General Johnston desires you to throw as large a body of cavalry as you can in his front, on his new of march, and impede his progress as much as possible.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIX MILES EAST OF HILLSBOROUGH,

April 14, 1865-6. 30 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Wheeler reports no advance on Moringsville at 1. 30 p. m. Enemy told women they would advance to-night or to-morrow. No advance in my front. Governor Graham came here this afternoon. Will send him to you. Have written.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Haw River Bridge, April 14, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON,

Below Hillsborough:

Dispatch 6. 30 p. m. received. Keep close to the enemy. If he does not move on your road, but on Wheeler's, strengthen your force on the latter road and proceed there in person.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

