
MORRISVILLE STATION, April 14, 1865-8. 35 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Greensborough:

Infantry prisoners state they have fifteen days' rations. Expectto march on rapidly. No enemy moving on Pittsborough road.

J. WHEELER,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to General Hardee, Hillsborough.)

MORINGSVILLE, April 14, 1865-1. 25 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Enemy have ceased to advance in my front. Scouts sent to ascertain if they are advancing on any other road have not yet returned. Enemy told an old woman, to whose house they came, they would advance to-night or to-morrow.

J. WHEELER,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Greensborough, April 14, 1865.

Colonel OTEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report the desertion of numbers of the troops from the lines around the town, the Virginia troops generally leaving. I am pained to say that the disposition of the command is not good, there being much demoralization. Large numbers of stragglers are constantly arriving. Arrangements have been made to collect these men, but the difficulty is to keep them from deserting. Most of the forces here are composed of men collected together for the emergency, and are not reliable. I respectfully suggest that it would be best to remove these troops to some point where there is less confusion, and supply their places with a well-organized command. There is great want of cavalry, only fifty men being present of that arm. One hundred men ordered from General Ferguson's command have not reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Greensborough, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Respectfully referred to General Cooper for the information of the President.

Everything practicable will be done to organize, under good officers, the force at present here or arriving here, and then distribute them temporarily into General Johnston's army as it arrives here, keeping for the protection of this place such regularly organized troops as may be spared for that object.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Second in Command.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 14, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

By order:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

