
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., Numbers 37. March 24, 1865.

I. Brevet Brigadier-General Dodge, chief quartemtster Deaprtement of North Carolina, will, with all possible disparch, procure from harlesto and Saannah all the railroad rolling- stock will be required to put the Wilmington and Goldsborough Railroad in working order to the required campacity.

II. To facilitare General Dodge in this work he is authorized to make use of any ships he may deem necessary for trasporting such stock, and all commanding officers at Savannah, Charleston, and Wilmington will assist him to any degree he may require.

III. Brevet Brigadier-General Easton, chief quartermaster Military Division of the Mississippi, will furnish General Dodge a suitable steamer to prceed at once to the execution of his orders.

IV. Captain Justin Hodge, assistant quartermsee, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved fromduty with Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding Left Wing, and will report to Brevet Brigadier- General Dodge, chief quartemraster Deaprtmetn of North Carolina, for orders.

V. To failitae operations of revitting and reoganization, amry commanders willestablish an office at Wilmington or New Berne, to be in cahrge of a staff officer, with instructions to receive and dispatch couriers and soldiers joining their commands, and such other instructions as may be deemed desirable.

VI. The quartemasters at Wilmington and New Berne willgive officers assignaed to duty be virtue of this order all the assistnace necessary for ofice rooms, &amp;c.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant- Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OFTHE MISSISSIPI,In the Field, March 24, 1865.

Major- General HOWARD, Commanding Right Ewig:

GENERAL: A dispatch received from Colonel Garber states that the trains of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps sent to Kinston are returning loaded with subsitence, and some clothing, &c. He says if trains are kept moving in regularity fromt he command to that point he can keep the army supplied fromthe stores that are arriving there by water. The general- in- chief suggests that you keep your spare wagons moving accordingly. Colonel Garbe will need some 400 contrabands for loading trains and unloading vessels, and with the next train you sidn down you should send some to him.

Respectfully, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant- Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C ., March 24, 1865.

Captain C. B. REESE,

Chief Engineer Department and Aremy of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: You are directed to confer with the chief engineer of General Shcofield's command with reference to replacing the pontoon

