
APRIL 15, 1865-11. 45 a. m.

General STEWART:

General Johnston's headquartes will be about twleve miles from Haw River bridge on the road General Lee moved on.

Respectfully,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAW RIVER RAILROAD BRIDGE,

April 15, 1865-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON:

I left Greensborough yesterday morning at 3. 30 o'clock. Up to that time there had been communication by telegraph with Danville, occupied by Major-General Lomax with something above 1,000 men. His scouts range, as I understood, as far as Staunton River, and had heard of no movement of the enemy in that direction. It is intended to withdraw these troops when we reach Greensborough. I think that you are in no danger by any movement of the enemy from Virginia. It would be well to get your heavy trains beyond the Haw. It is practicable to pass wagons across on the railroad bridge. It si necessary to observe the enemy's movements, but is not necessary to resist. Corn can be sent to you by railroad. You may observe either by trusty scouts or by dobies of cavalry, but it should be in such a way as to discover movements of infantry. Any cavalry not reuqired for that purpose might cross the Haw. With this explanation of my objects, I leave the necessary measures to your judgment. If you can communicate with the Second South Carolina Cavalry, order it to join you in my name. The President has ordred the formation of a briade for General Bonham. It is to belong to that brigade.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

HOGAN'S HOUSE,

Five Miles from Hillsborough, April 15, 1865-9. 30 a. m.

General J. WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: General Hampton directs me to say that he desires you to get your trains across the Haw River as soon as you can, so as to leave your command entirely unencumbered on this side. He desires you to kep your scouts well out around the left of the enemy, to discover any movement he may make in that direction, and to keep your scouts and pickets close to the enemy in your front. When the enemy advances he desires you to follow the lie of march he indicated to you yesterday, covering the rear of General Hardee's column. When General Hardee has crossed the Haw River, you will have to discover some point where your command also can cross, so that you can withdraw without difficulty. The Haw River is a difficult stream to cross. the fords are few, and are quickly rendered impassable by rains. If you can cross at no other point, you will have to come up to the railroad bridge, which will be floored. If you find a heavy force of the enemy in your front, and are hard pressed, General Law will re-enforce you if he can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. MCCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

