
should rest on the consent and be supported by the affections of all the people who compose it, now in order to ascertain whether it be practicable to put an end to the existing war and to the consequent destruction of life and property, having in view the correspondence and conversation whihc has recently taken place between Major General W. T. Sherman and myself, I propose the following points as a basis of pacification:

First. The disbanding of the military forces of the Confederacy; and,

Second. The recognition of the Consitution and authority of the Government of the United States on the following conditions:

Third. The preservation and continuance of the existing State governments.

Fourth. The preservation to the people of all the policitical rights and rights of person and property secured to them by the Constitution of the United States and of their several States.

Fifth. Freedom from future prosecution or penalties for their participation in the present war.

Sixth. Agreement to a general suspension of hostilities pending these negotiations.

General Johnston will see that the accompanying memorandum omits all reference to details and to the necessary action of the States and the preliminary reference of the proposition to General Grant for his consent to the suspension of hostilities, and to the Government of the United States for its action. He will also see that I hae modified the first article, according to his sugestion, by omitting the refernce to the consent of the President of the Confederate States and to his employing his good offices to secure the acquiescence of the several States to this scheme of adjustment and pacification. This may be done at a proper subsequent time.

JOHN H. REAGAN.

NEW SALEM, N. C., April 17, 1865.

General BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR GENERAL: The order directing my command to hlat was received last night. We are all agog respecting the object, and surmises are made that negotiations are afoot between Johnston and Sherman. If such be not the case, it would be well for me to know it as soon as practicable, that I may contradict it. The report, as you may wekk cinceive, can do our troops no good.

Very truly, yours,

W. J. HARDEE.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 17, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Corps, New Salem, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your note of this day from New Salem has just reached me. I regret I am not at liberty to inform you as to your inquiry. General Johnston will probably do so himself in the course of the day, or as soon as he shall have returned from Hillsborough. Meanwhile, keep your troops well in hand for rapid movement at a moment's notice, should it become necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Second in Command.

