
be sent into depot here. I will have to move Generalk Kilpatrick forward to disturb the enemy's calculations andmake our actions harmonize with events that are now transpiring in Virginia. You know of course that we do not propose to occupy this country, and that we only are using the railroads for a temporary equipment, therefore shape your actions accordingly. We will not attempt to occupy more than Wilmington and Kinston after April 10. You will need wagons for cooking utensils at your present camp, but the supply and ammunition trains can be made up and loaded here. Doubtless General Schofield has given you all necessary instructions.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., April 1, 1865-2. 10 p. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Fison's Station:

Lieutenant-Colonel Colvin says that two rebel deserters insist that about 1,000 of Wheeler's cavalry were yesterday between the Black and Cape Fear Rivers, about thirty miles from the railroad. I have no further information about it.

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAG STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Charleston, S. C., April 1, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

SIR: I received this morning yours of the 27th requesting the co-operation of such naval force as I may be able and willing to afford General Potter, who is to command. You are probably aware that the bar of the Santee prevnts the entrance of any but the lightest draft tugs of the squadron. My ability, therefore, will be very limited, but such vessels as are suitable will be sentg into the river. These will be one or two tugs and some launches carrying howitzers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHGLREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commadning South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 67. Charleston, S. C., April 1, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers will immediately embark on steamer W. W. Coit and proceed to Gerogetown and there report to Brigadier General E. E. Potter for duty.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch.

E. HARRIS JEWETT,Second Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

6 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

