
join the Confederate forces in another quarter. I deem it very important that I should receive a definite answer to this at once, else I fear that many men of the command will leave to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SALISBURY, N. C., April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. LYNCH and others:

GENTLEMEN: I have received your letter of yesterday, requesting me to disband the battalion of Virginians now at Camp Yadkin, that the men might return for the present to protect their wives, little ones, and native State. Our necssities exclude the idea of disbanding any portion of the force which rmains to us and constitutes our best hope of recovery from the reverses and disasters to which you refer. The considerations which move you to the rquest are such, if generally acted on, would rduce the Confederate power to the force which each State might raise for its own protection. On the many battle-fields within the limits of your State the sons of other States have freely bled. For four years they have confronted the enemy while only some of them heard from home to realize more deeply the devastation whihc a cruel foe had wrought and was working. The glorious memories of Virginia, proud as they were before this war, have gathered a brighter halo by the recent deeds and sacrifices of her noble sons and daughters. I trust in this hour of gloom that nothing will ever be allowed to tarnish her bright escutcheon. Your battalion is the remnant of the two regiments which represented Virginia in the Army of the West, and your past conduct assures me that you will not fail to appreciate the responsibility or to respond to be obligations of your position. My persoinal experience enables me fully to sympathize with your anxieties for your homes and for your families, but I hope I have said enought to satisfy you that I cannot consistently comply with your request, and that you will agree that duty to the country must take precedence of any personal desire.

Very respectfully, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 14. Near Greensborough, N. C., April 19, 1865.

It is announced to the army that a suspension of arms has been aggreed upon pending negotiations between the two Governments.

During its continuance the two armies are to occupy their presetn positions.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Greensborough, April 19, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The troops under your command having forcibly seized all of the property belonging to the State from Haw River Depot to

