
this place, are now threatening to sack the cars at the Shops in which are placed the archives and funds of the State treasury and State banks. It seems impossible to control them. Inasmuch as General Sherman has offered a safeguard to all the officers and property of the civil departments of the State on their reutnring to Raleigh, I have the honor to request permission for the Honorable Jonathan Worth, treasurer of North Carolina, and his assistants and others in charge of the property above mentioned, to return to Raleigh in the cars now occupied by them. The names of the persons willb e given if required.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 19, 1865.

Respectfully returned to General Johnston, with suggestion that it would be better, until the agreement of yesterday goes into effect that the cars, archives, and other property of the State of North Carolina, now within our lines, be protected by our troops than sent for that purpose to the enemy.

JOHN C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Greeensborough, April 10, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date is just received. The reason why I did not join you last night at Hillsborough was that the president of the railroad and General Breckinridge both agreed to send for me when the train arrived there, it being uncertain at what time it would leave General Hampton's headquarters. As it was I waited at the depot from 4 o'clock, the time designated by you, until 8 p. m. In this, however, I make no complaint of you. Night before last I was invited by General Breckinrdige to go down to where you were to participate in the consultation there to take place, and as I supposed and desires, to accompany the flag of truce to a conference with General Sherman, thinking, very naturally, that I was entitled to know something of and participate in proceedings which were more immediately to affect my peoplany other State in the Confederacy. You cannot be ignorant of the part which I was invited to take at General Hmapton's headquarters. Feeling, therefore, that I was to be excluded from a voice in the decision of the fate of my own people, I thought I could reasonably expect to be informed of the conclusion arrived at by others, and make such provision as remained in my power for the welfare of the State. Such was the object of my note of this morning. From reading your reply I am at a loss to determine whether you refuse permission for me to communicate with the enemy, or wish me to infer that you desire I should suspend my request until a copy of the paper containing the result of yesterday's proceedings between you and General Sherman shall have been submitted to me. I shall be glad to be informed on this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

