
NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 19, 1865.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: Your letter in reply to my first of to day is just received. I do not think that omissions on the part of General Breckinrdige and Mr. Webb ought to be laid at my door. As a mere military officer arranging the terms of an armistice, I did not think it proper that any civilian should join in the conference. Had I been determining the terms on which negotiations were to be based, there is no gentleman whose aid I would have sought more gladly than yours; but I had nothing to do but to learn the views of the President, and they were not fully communicated until after my meeting with General Sherman. I supposed that after reading the accompanying paper,* which contains all the information to be had o the subejct, you would not desire to correspond with General Sherman, and therefore made no reference to that matter. Should you still desire it I will refer the matter to the Secretary of War.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

J

JAMESTOWN, N. C., April 19, 1865.

Major MORFIT,

Quartermaster Post, Salisbury:

I have been unable to get transportation to-night. Can you send up a locomotive and one car? If so, at what hour? Answer at once.

JOHN C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Secretary of War.

SALISBURY, N. C., April 19, 1865.

General J. C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Secretary of War:

The track is torn up two miles from here and trains cannot pass till repaired. Will inform you when I can send train. Regular train leaves at 11 o'clock to-morrow.

MASON MORFIT,

Major and Quartermaster.

JEMESTOWN, April 19, 1865.

Major MORFIT,

Salisbury:

Your telegram received. It is important for me to proceed without delay. I desire the use of a locomotive at an early hour to-morrow to convey us to the break in the road, from which I will expect you to froward us without delay. At what hour to-morrow morning can the locomotive reach this point? Name the hour precisely, so that I may be ready.

JOHN C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Copy of inclosure Numbers 1, p. 243.

---------------

