
country, for I shall never take the "oath of allegiance. " I am sorry that we paused to negotiate, for to my apprehension no evil can equal that of a return to the Union. I write to you, my dear sir, that you may know the feelings whiof the officers of my command. They are not subdued, nor do they desaprir. For myself I beg to express my heartfelt sympathy with you, and to give you the assurance that my confidence in your patriotism has never been shaken. If you will allow me to do so, I can bring to your support many strong arms and brave hearts-men who will fight to Texas, and who, if forced from that State, will seek refuge in Mexico rather than in the Union.

With my best wishes, I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

WADE HAMPTON.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 19, 1865-9 a. m.

Brigadier General BRADLEY T. JOHNSTON,

Salisbury.

Send imemdiately by a trusty messenger information to Major-General Stoneman that I am transmitting to him a letter from Major-General Sherman announcing an armistice, and directing his consequent movements.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Echols and Colonel Hoke, at Charlotte.)

GREENSBOROUGH, April 19, 1865.

Major General H. COBB:

Inform general commanding enemy's forces in your front that a truce for the purpose of a final settlement was agreed upon yesterday between Generals Johnston and Sherman applicable to all forces under their commands. A message to that effect from General Sherman will be sent him as soon as practicable. The contending forces are to occupy their present positions, forety-eight hours' notice being given in the event of resumption of hostilities.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Second in Command.

SALISBURY, N. C., April 20, 1865.

President DAVIS, Charlotte, N. C.:

We have had great difficulty in reaching this place. The train from Charlotte which was to hae met me here has not arrived. No doubt seized by stragglers to convey them to that point. I have telegraphed commanding officer at Charlotte to send a locomotive and one car without dealy. The impressed trains hould be met before reaching the depot and the ringleaders severely dealt with.

JOHN C. BRICKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

CHARLOTTE, April 20, 1865.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

Train will start for you at midnight with guard.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

