
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Greensborough, April 20, 1865.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your second note of yesterday in reply to mine of the same date in reference to a permit to send a letter by flag of truce to General Sherman was received yesterday afternoon. I regret, general, that the correspondence should have assumed the phase of a mere personal complaint on my part, though I felt so actuely what I thought to be exceedingly uncourteous treatment on the part of some one toward myself, that I perhaps improperly referred to it in aletter, the intention of which was simply to procure a permit to send a letter to Raleigh, and though I do not lay the "omissions of General Breckinridge and Mr. Webb at your door," as you will see disclaimed in my second note of yesterday, yet I think, upon reflection, you cannot fail to agree with me that after having received an invitation to attend a conference with yourself and others at General Hampton's headquarters, whither I should to have thought of intruding myself unaksed, to be excluded entirely froms aid conference rendered my position exceedingly embarrassing, which was in nowise relieved by being left on the return to this place. You are correct in supposing that after reading the paper which you inclosed me yesterday, containing a memorandum of the basis of agreement written by yourself and General Sherman for the termination of the war, I would not desire to communicate with the latter, I am content, of course, to await the issue of those negotiations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

CHARLOTTE, April 20, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

General Duke's brigade is here without saddles. There are none here or this side of Augusta. Send on to this point 600, or a had.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 20, 1865.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Greensborough, N. C.:

This post is without artillery, as was the bridge over the Catawba. General Echols brought no field artillery with him. Communication with the shouth side of the river being broken, it would bewell from the guns you have in depots toi send the requisite amount for this post and for two brigades of cavalry.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 20, 1865-6 p. m.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Charlotte, N. C.:

Your telegram of this day just received; has been referred to General Johnston, who is now here.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

