
brigades, and you will know how to secure co-intelligence and co-operation. The deficiency in forage will, I hope, be supplied by railroad. An engineer officer has been directed to locate and prepare the pontoon bridge-or ferry, if the number of boats required for a bridge cannot be obtained.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, April 20, 1865.

His Excellency A. K. ALLISON,

Governor of State of Florida:

GOVERNOR: I was absent when your letter of the 7th instant was received at my headquarters here, or it would have been sooner answered. I deeply regret that the force at my command is not sufficient to enable me to give full protection to t he section of country you designate. I propose, as soon as it can be done, to give a small additional force to the commander of the First Sub-District, which will enable him to give some additional protection to the section of country in question. I am convinced that a portion of the militia force of the State should be placed on duty for the special service you refer to, and called on your predecessor for it, but it seems that, in his judgment, the miltia laws of the State were so defective that the militia could not be employed for that service; that is, for the protection of their own homes and property, not from a formidable body of the enemy's troops, but chiefly from their own slaves and deserters from our service. I respectfully bring this matter to Your Excellency's notice, with a request that a portion of the militia of the State be called into service to protect the property and homes of the people against deserters, and to retain and maintain proper subordination among the slaves.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SALISBURY, April 21, 1865-9 a. m.

President DAVIS,

Charlotte, N. C.:

paroled men and stragglers seized my train at Concord. Operator reports that engine and tender escaped, and will be here presently. I have telegraphed General Johnston to guard the bridges and organize these men to receive subsistence and transportation. General Bradley T. Johnso has the same order for this point. I suggest that similar orders be given at Charlotte and other points. The bridge at Jamestown should be finished to-day, when there will be no want of transportation.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

SALISBURY, April 21, 1865-9 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Greensborough, N. C.:

I have had great difficulty in getting to this place. The paroled men and stragglers seize the trais every where and produce great confusion. I

