
suggest that your order gurads at all the bridges and organize the paroled men at Greensborough, Jamestown, and lexington to receive subsistence and await transportation. I have directed General Bradley T. Johsoin to do the same thing here. It is very important that the bridge at Jamestown be finished at once and the transportation used to get all those men out of the way. It is said that our own men have burned the Catawba bridge.

JOHN C. BRECKIRNDIGE,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Greensborough, April 21, 1865.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have heard from several respectable persons that the Government has a large sum of gold in its possession. I respectfully and earnestly urge the appropriation of a portion of that sum to the payment of the army, as a matter of plicy and justice. It is needless to remind you that the troops now in servic ehave earned everything that the Government can give them, and have stood by their colors with a constancy unsurpassed-a constancy which enables us to be now negotiating with a reasonable hope of peace on favorable terms. I beg your favorable consideration oif this application.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 21, 1865-8 p. m.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Please direct Quartermaster and Commissary Generals to forward supplies rapidly. If there is cavalry about Charlotte [or] other points on the railroad, I suggest that they be sent into disjtricts which can furnish them forage. This matter is pressing. Please inform me what can be done. Means of transportation across the Catawba should be procured immediately that stores at Chester may be brought to us.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Greensborough, April 21, 1865.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,

Inspector-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: Your note of this date infoming me "the inspector of field transportation reports in his possession about 200 unserviceable animals and also a number of unserviceable wagons, harness, &amp;c.," all of which General Johnston proposes to be turned over to me to be distributed toi worthy citizens of this State, is to hand. I will very gladly accept them and will appoint an agent to receive them at such time and place as may be convenient to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

