
CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 21, 1865.

General JAMES CHESNUT,

Chester, S. C.:

Have you reliable information in regard to the reported movement of the enmey from the coast in the direction of Camden? Hope to see you as soon as some matters which hae detained me here are arranged.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, April 21, 1865.

Captain MITCHELL,

Commanding Post, Thomasville, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he desires to be informed as soon as possible whether or not the Federal prisoners from Andersonville are arriving or expected at Thomasville, and to keep him informed on all military movements of our or the enemy's forces,

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. K. BEARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 22,1 865.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to submit this paper as the advice in writing which you requested from the heads of the Departments of the Government. The military convention made between General Johnston and General Sherman is in substance an agreement that if the confederate States will cease to wage war for the purpose of establishing a separate government, the United States will receive the several States back into the Union with their State government unimpaired, with all their constitutional rights recognized, with protection for the persons and property of the people, and and with a general amnesy. The question is, whether, in view of the military condition of the beligerents, the Confederate States can hope for any better result by continuing the war; whether there is any reason to believe that they can establish their independence and fina separation from the United States. The reach a conclusion it is requisite to consider our present condition, and the prospect of a change for the better. The general-in-chief of the Armies of the Confederacy has capitulated, and his army, the largest and finest within our country, is irretrievably lost. The slodiers have been dispersed, and remain at home as paroled prisoners. The artillery, arms, and munitions of war are lost, and no help can be expected from Virginia, which is at the mercy of the conqueror. The army next in numbers and efficiency is known as the Army of Tennessee, and is commanded by Generals Johnston and Beuaregard. Its rolls call for mor ethan 70,000 men. Its last returns show a total present for duty of all arms of less than 20,000 men. This number is daily dminishing by desertion and casualties. In a recent conference with the cabinet at Greensborough Generals Johnstona dn Beauregard expressed the unqualified opinion that it was not in their power to resist Sherman's advance, and that as fast as their army retreated the soldiers of the several States on the line of retreat would abandon the army and go home. We also hear on all sides and from citizens well acquainted with public

