
substantially at an end, and the blockade of our ports prevents their introduction from abroad except in small quantities, and at remote points. In view of these facts our two generals highest in command in the field have expressed, in decided terms, our inability longer to continue the struggle. Observation has satisfied me that the States of Virginia and Norfinally lost to our cause. The people of the latter are utterly weary of the war, broken and despairing in spirit, and eager to accept terms far less liberal than the convention proposes. In the absence of a general arrangement, they will certainly make terms for themselves. Abandoned by our armies, the people of Virginia will follow their example, and it will be impossible to arrest the process of disintegration thus begun. This melancholy array of facts leaves open but one conclusion. I am unhesitatingly of the opinion that the convention ought to be ratified. As to the proper mode of ratification greater doubt may be reasonably entertained. The Confederate Government is but the agent of the States, and as its Chief Executive you cannot, according to our governmental theory, bind the States to a government which they have not adopted for themselves. Nor can you rightfully, without their consent, dissolve the government which they have established. But there are circumstances so desperate as to override all constitutional theories, and such are those which are pressing upon us now. The Government of the Confederate States is no longer potent for good. Exhausted by war in all its resources to such a degree that it can no longer offer a respectable show of resistance to its enemies, it is already virtually destroyed, and the chief duty left for you to perform is to provide as far as possible for the speedy delivery of the people from the horrors of war and anarchy. I therefore respectfully advise that upon the ratifaction of the convention by the Executive of the United States you issue your proclamation, plainly setting forth the circumstances which have induced you to assent to the terms propsosed, disbanding the armies of the Confederay, resigning your office as Chief Magistrate, and recommend to the people of the States that they assemble in convention and carry into effect the terms agreed on.

GEO. DAVIS.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Greens:

I had hoped to have seen you before this date. Is it convenient for you to come here at this time? I desire to confer with you, as heretofore expressed.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 22, 1865-9. 30 a. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Greensborough, N. C.:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. yesterday received. Two trains started from Chester with full supplies for the command, and were pillaged by paroled soldiers who had drawn rations from depots. A third train is being arranged, but Commissary-General suggests that local collections be pressed as much as possible. I have directed the Quartermaster and Commissary-Generals to keep in cosntant communication with the

