
chief officers in those depots of your army. The cavalry here, except a small guard, will be sent where they can procure forage. I urge the immediate completion of bridge over Deep River, and use of the trnasportation to clear the road of paroled prisoners.

JOHN C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Secretary of War.

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Charlotte:

We have supplies for but four or five days and depend on you and the Commissary-General for more. Please have them urged forward. The cavalry near you may furnish the necessary wagons and detail at the burnt bridge. There is a pontoon train between Chester and Charlotte, which can be laid there. These matters are urgent. Please tell me what you can do, and order Major N. W. Smith to replace his trains on the road, which in fright they have abandoned.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Major N. W. SITH,

Augusta:

You will starve us if you don't get the wagons back immediately. Use all dispatch to do this, and do not move them again without orders Bring supplies across country as rapidly and regularly as possible. You should have reported immediately on withdrawing the wagons. Time is all important.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 22, 1865.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I came here intending to go to Salisbury to see you, but hearing that you are not there I am not able to reach you at present. My only object in seeing you was to assure you that many of my officers and men agree with me in thinking that nothing can be as disastrous to us as a peace founded on a restoration of the Union. A return to the Union will bring all the horrors of war, coupled with all the degradation that can be inflicted on a conquiered people. We shall be drawn into war with Europe, and under a rigorous conscription we shall, alongside of our won negroes, be forced to fight for the Yankees, under Yankee officers. If, under the first great reverse, we go back to the Union, Europe may well say that the cannot interfere. We give up our only hope of foreign intervention. But if we still keep some organization in the field we cannot only hope for intervention, but we may hope for some reaction in public sentiment. If you should propsoe to cross the Mississippi I can bring many good men to escoert you over. My men are in hand and ready to follow me anywhere. I cannot agree to the terms which are proposed, and I shall seek a home in some other country. If Texas will hold out, or will seek the protectorate of Maximilian, we can still make head against the enemy. I write hurriedly, as the messenger is about to leave. If I can serve you or my country by

