
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., Numbers 45. April 2, 1865.

I. In order to equalize the means of transportation in the army the following-named transfers will be made immediately: From Fourteenth Army Corps, wagons and teams complete, 7. From Fifteenth Army Corps, wagonsand teams complete, 190; ambulances and teams complete, 58. From Seventeenth Army Corps, wagons and teams complete, 7; ambulances and teams complete, 11. From Twentieth Army Corps, wagons and teams complete, 81-to be transferred to the Army of the Ohio. In making these transfers the worst animals, wagons, ambulances, harness, &amp;c., will not be selected, but an average number as regards condition must be transferred from each corps. A board of officers, to consist of Colonel Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Volunter Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Jordan, One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Major Francis Lackner, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, will assemble at the office of the chief quatermaster April 4, 12 m., to inspect the property when transferred, and report on its condition and whether these orders have been properly carrie dout. Major-General Schofield will designate a quartermaster of his command to receive and account for the property so transferred. By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel D. REMICK,

Commissary of Subsistence, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: In compliance with your communication of March 31, requesting a report of the amount of stores captured by the commissaries of the Fifteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following: Captain McLean, commissary of subsistence, First Division, left Pocotaligo on the 30th of January with seventeen days' rations of bread, fifteen days' rations of meat (salt and fresh), thirty days' rations of tea and coffee, thirty days' rations of sugar, thirty days' rations of salt, and captured during the campaign 700 headof beef-cattle (120,000 rations of fresh beef), 130,000 rations of salt meat, 200,000 rations of corn meal and flour, besides large quantities of sweet potatoesand other subsistence gathered by brigade foragers. CAt. J. W. Cornyn, commissary of subsistence, Second Division, left Beaufrot with about the same amount of rations as Captain McLean, and gathered from the country as follows, to wit, 160,000 rations of bacon, 60,000 rations of corn meal, 25,000 rations of flour, 12,000 bushels of potatoes, 900 pounds of white sugar, 400 head of beef-cattle. A portion of the above were not taken up by Captain Cornyn on his return, as they were foraged by details from the brigades, but all the sguar and cattle were taken up by himself. Captain Jasper Johnson, commissary of subisstence, left Pocotaligo on the same date with ten days' rations of salt and fresh beef, nineteen days' rations of hard bread, thirty-four days' rations of coffee, forty days' rations of sugar (white and brown), thirty-four days' rations of salt. There was foraged by Captain Johnson and the brigade details as follows, viz, 107,620 rations of meat (half salt meat), 111,500 rations of corn meal, 30,000 rations of salt. Captain Johnson had on hand when he reached this place 150 head of cattle averaging 300 pounds each. Fourth Division, Lieutenant A. T. Andereas, acting com-

