
any further fighting you have only to tell me so. My plan is to collect all the men who will stills tick to their colors, and to get to Texas. I can carry with me quite a number, and I can get there.

With my best wishes for yourself, I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

WADE HAMPTON.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General WADE HAMPTON,

Greensborough, N. C.:

Letter not received. Wish to see you as soon as convenient; will then confer.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS:

Take immediate measures to fill the gap caused by burning Catawba bridge by sending the necessary wagons and a sufficient detachment of trusty men, and collecting boats. Bring pontoon train from Chester to burnt bridge; move all cavalry not required from railroad to a region which can supply them, probably up to the Catawba.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April [22?], 1865.

FLAG OFFICER FORREST, C. S. Navy:

SIR: I have just received your letter of the 16th. It is a matter of sincere regret to me to b eunale to transfer to the navy the sum you require. I cannot pay the troops who are unpaid for many months, and therefore, as you will readily perceive, cannot furnish money for the payment of officers of another branch of the service. If there is specie at Charlotte it is not under my control.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 23, 1865.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: In obedience to your request I have the honor to submit my advice as to the course you should take upon the memorandum or basis of agreement made on the 18th instant, by and between General J. E. Johnston, of the C. S. Army, and Major General W. T. Sherman, of the U. S. Army, provided that paper shall receive the approval of the Government of the United States. The principal army of the Confederacy was recently lost in Virginia. Considerable bodies of troops not attached to that army have either disvbanded or marched toward their homes accompanies by many of their officers. Five days ago the effective force, in infantry and artillery, of General Johnston's army, was but 14,770 men, and it ocnitnues to diminish. That officer thinks it wholly impossible for him to make any head against the overwhelming forced of the enemy. Our ports are closed and the sources of foreign supply lost to us. The enemy occupy all the greater part of Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and North Carolina, and move almost at will through the other States to the issippi. They

