
NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 23, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON:

General Johnston desires you will allow no cipher dispatch from the enemy to be sent from your office. One was received this evening.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 23, 1865.

Honorable A. BURT,

Abbeville, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to present to you Colonel B. N. Harrison, my friend, who goes to Abbeville, and to commend him to your kind attention. He will be able to give you news of our present condition in this quarter; and I am sorry that he will have little to tell which it will be pleasant of ryou to hear. Please present my kindest remembrances to Mrs. Burt, and believe me to be,

Very truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, April 23, 1865.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Commanding, &amp;c., Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: I received last night your letter of the 20th instant, with General Johnston's telegraphic announcements of an armistice pending negotiations between the two Governments, and have announced it to my command. I shall be glad if you will, as in this instance, give me the earliest possible information of the events transpiring near the seat of government.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 24, 1865.

MR. PRESIDENT: In compliance with your suggestion, I have the honor briefly to present the following views upon the propositions discussed in cabinet council yesterday: These propositions, agreed upon and signed by Generals Joseph E. Johnston and W. T. Sherman, may fairly be regarded as providing for the immediate cessation of hostilities, the disbandment of our armies, and the return of our soldiers to the peaceful walks of life, the restoration of the several States of our Confederacy to the old Union, with the integrity of their State governments preserved, the security of their "people and inhabitants" in their rights of person and property under the Constitution and the laws of the United States, equally with the people of any other States, guaranteed, and a gnreal amnesty for and on account of any participation in the present war. The very grave responsibility devolved upon you by these propositions is at once apparent. To enter at all upon their discussion is to admit that independence, the great object of our struggle, is hopeless. I believe and admit this to be the case, and therefore do I advise you to accept these propositions, so far as you have the power to do so; and my conviction is that nine-tenths of the people of every State of the Confederacy would so advise if opportunity

