
missary of subsistence, left Sister's Ferry on the 4th day of February with twenty-two days' rations of hard bread, sugar, cofee, and salt. I need full rations for the first five days and threafter half rations, filling up the balance with corn meal, meat, sweet potatoes, &amp;c., obtaine from the country. Detachments at corps headquarters and unassigned commands, Lieutenant James E. Graham, acting commissary of subsistence, obtained the following supplies from the country: 300 bushels of corn meal, 150 head of cattle, 300 pounds of salt, 2,000 pounds of salt meat. When we consider that the supplies with which the division commissaries left Pocotaligo were only intended to last thirty days, with but little more than half rations of bread even for that time, and were made to last fifty-four days, and that the Fifteenth Army Corps at no time suffered for food, the untiting efforts of the different diversion commissaries, in finding and superintending the work of running mills, in getting up cattle, and seeing that they were properly fed and cared for, and in availing themselves of every resources of the counry that would add to the supplies of their commands, without regard to the extra labor it required, cannot be too highly appreciated. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. CARPENTER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Fifteenth Army Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 13. Near Goldsborough, N. C., April2, 1865.

I. During the temporary absence of the general commanding, Bvt. Brigadier General William B. Woods (First Brigade) will assume command of this division.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers --. Goldsborough, N. C., April 2, 1865.

Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 44, headquarters MIitary Division of the Mississippi, the organization consisting of the Fourteent and Twentieth Army Corps will hereafter be known as the Army of Georgia. The following staff officers are announced, viz: Major J. A. Reynolds, First New York Artillery, chief of artillery; Captain H. M. Whittelsey, U. S. Volunteers, acting chief quartermaster; Surg. H. E. Goodman, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Captain Platt M. Thorne, One hundred and fiftieth, New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, April 2, 1865-5 p. m.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

(Care Major-General Schofield, Goldsborough.)

Troops here all landed and will march at daylight. Will come up by rail to-morrow. Advise with General Schofield as to going to

