
reported the case to you, and, in accordance with your instructions, sent a party of mounted men, under charge of Lieutenant Yokum, to overtake the train, exaine the papers of officer in charge, and, if necessary, to arrest him and return the train to the army. Lieutenant Yokum proceeded, in obedience to orders, in pursuit of the train. At Lieutenant-General Hardee's headquarters the lieutenant called upon Major Poole, assistant adjutant-general, and asked information in regard to t he train, and was informed by that officer that he knew nothing about it, but advised the lieutenant to continue in pursuit. Acting under this instructions, strengthened by statement of Major Poole, the officer in charge of detachment proceeded upon the execution of his duty, but some miles from General Hardee's headquarters was overtaken by one of his couriers bearing the order inclosed herewith. * After receiving it the lieutenant returned with his detashcment, and reported fact to Colonel Cofer. Major Lankford, commissary of Hardee's corps, afterward called to see Colonel Cofer; informed him that he was directed by Lieutenant-General Hardee to explain to him the facts in regard to the train. He proceeded to state that General Hardee had promised the Arkansas brigade that if they would remain together and maintain their organization he would see them across the Mississippi River, this when relieved by proper authority from duty with the army. Major Lankford proceeded to state that in pursuance of this promise the train referred to was loaded with stores and ordered to some point in South Carolina, there to be exchanged for such subsitence stores as would be necessary for the use of the command on its march.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. COOPER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Greensborough, April 27, 1865-8 a. m.

The troops will remain in their present camps till further orders.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

April 27, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

The guns, caissons, and forges, with all the horses and harness of the artillery of this army, will be immediately brought, under charge of suitable officers, to Greensborough, where instructions as to their further disposition will be given through Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Garnett.

By order of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 18. Near Greensborough, N. C., April 27, 1865.

By the terms of a military convention made on the 26th instnat, by Major General W. T. Sherman, U. S. Army, and General J. E. Johnston,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

