
truce, and enemy will not advance. Leave a guard at Company's Shops. Report what cavalry of ours you find near Hillsborough. If you know General Wheeler's whereabouts communicate to him that General Johnston directs he take a brigade also to Butler's position below Hillsborough. Acknowledge receipt of this and General Orders, Numbers 18.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report immediately, if you can ascertain, what Confederate cavalry still remains about Hillsborough.

CHESTER, April 27, 1865.

General YORK:

Forward following dispatch by courier to General Breckinridge:

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRDIGE,

Company's Shops:

Some time ago I notified General Johnston not to include me in any surrender. You gave me orders to move on 25th. On return I find army surrender. I think I am free. What is your decision? Answer here and Greensborough.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

WILLIAM P. JOHNSTON.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 27, 1865-11 p. m.

General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE:

You gave me orers on the 25th to move. On my return on 26th I found military convention. I think I am free from its terms by your previous order. Have notified General Johnston that I will abide by your decision. Am ready to move as ordered. Answer here or Lexington.

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,April 27, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: On the 25th instant, by order of the honorable Secretary of War, I was charged with a duty which transferred me to another field of service. Returning with this order on the 26th to report to you, I found that a convention had been entered into between Major-General Sherman and yourself. In this condition of affairs I beg most respectfully to submit the case to the Secretary of War for his decision. Should he determine that his order of the 25th instant is still in force, I cannot avail myself of the terms of the covention entered into; but if he considers me as still on duty here, I shall of course consider myself as embraced in the terms of this convention. His decision shall be forwarded to you as soon as received.

I am, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

