
accordingly: Captain J. C. De Gress, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Charles Christensen, Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, aide-de-camp. The administrative staff of the corps will remain on duty as heretofore.

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO Numbers 24. Goldsborough, N. C., April 2, 1865,.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 49, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Major General J. D. Cox will assume command of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and Major General Alfred H. Terry of the Tenth Army Corps.

The Tenth Army Corps will be organized as follows, viz: The Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, will consitute the First Division, Tenth Army Corps. The Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, will constitute the Second Division, Tenth Army Corps; and the Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, will constitute the Third Division, Tenth Army Corps.

The following officers will compose the staff of the army in the field: Bvt. Colonel William M. Wherry, major and aide-de-camp; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel William J. Wining, captain, aide-de-camp, and chief engineer; Bvt. Major William A. Lord, captain and aide-de-camp; Bvt. Brigadier General William Hartsuff, lieutenant-colonel and assistant inspector-general; Colonel J. F. Boyd, chief quartermaster; Colonel R. B. Treat, chie fcommsisary of subistence; Colonel Edward Shippen, medical director; Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Kennedy, Third New York Artillery, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Hayes, provost-marshal-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Campbell, assistant adjutant-gneeral; Major S. M. Letcher, commissary of musters; Major Frank E. Wolcott, judge-advocate; Captain E. H. Russell, chief signal officer; First Lieutenant Jasper Myers, chief of ordnance; First Lieutenant Frederick Anderson, One hundred and eighty-first Ohio Veteran Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant A. N. Damrell, U. S. Engineers, assistant engineer.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Goldsborough, N. C., April 2, 1865.

The undersigned, in accordance with War Department General Orders, Numbers 49, current series, and by assignment of the President of the United States, hereby assumes command of the Twenty-third Army Corps. The following members of the staff are announced, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major Theodore cox, assistant adjutant-general; Major Tristram T. Dow, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Hobart Ford, aide-de-camp. The other members of the staff will be announced with as little delay as possible.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

