
[MAY 2, 1865. - For General Johnston's farewell order (General Orders, Numbers 22.), see Part I, p. 1061.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 23. Near Greensborough, N. C ., May 2, 1865.

General Orders, Numbers 21, is revoked and the following substituted for it: The distribution of field trasportation "lent" to the troops will be as followss at the end of the march: For corps, divison, and brigade headquarters, including all staff offiacers, the number of wagons allowed in General Orders, Numbers 5, for baggage, exccluding forage, commissary, medical, blacksmith, and pioneer wagons, viz, corps headauarters, three wagons and one ambulance; division headquarters, tow wagons and one ambulance; briigade headquarters, one wagon and one ambulance. Regimental headquarters will be allowed one wagon and one ambulance. All wagons at the various headquarters over and above tis allowance will, at the end of the march, be turned into the general train for assignment to brigades; the whole trasportation of which will then be distributed to company officers and men in such manner that the share of each company officer shall be three times as great as that of an enlisted man. Detailed men at the various headquarters will receive the same allotment out of the general train as other soldiers. By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEAQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Near Greensborough, N. C ., May 2, 1865.

Corps commanders will send immediately to that C. S. ordnance officer at Greensborough the difference between four- fifths and six- sevenths of the original niumber of arms in their commands, so as to make the number so deposited six- sevenths of the whole.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILLSBOROUGH, [May 2, 1865].

Captain T. B. GOWAN, M

Assistant Quaertermsaster, Anderson's Briagde, SSalisbury:

There are 723 aggregate present with me, in addition to those at the wagon train with you. Draw from Captain Norton at once the entire amount due my command. If you can possibly get it in time to reach this point by to- morrow night, come down. If you cannot get it in time to reach here by to- morrow night, meet me at the Catawba, which river 	I will cross either at Landsford or Nation Ford. I expect to startt fromhere for Augusta, Ga., on the 3rd or 4th instant.

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier- General.

