
SALISBURY, [May 2, 1865.]

Brigadier General R. H. ANDERSON,

Hilsborough:

I cannot procure any more funds, Captain Norton having turned over the entire amount to General Wheeler. Will the muster- rolls of the brigade include all men now at my camp, or shall I make rolls for those with me!

THOMAS B. GOWAN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION, Numbers - May 2, 1865.

In accordance with orders from army headquarters the distribution of field trasportation at the end of the march to the company officers and men will be made in such manner that the share of each company officer shall be three times that of one enlisted man. Detailed men at the various headquarters will receive the allotment out of the regular train as the other soldiers. The allowance of division, brigade, and regimental headquartes is controlled by existing orders on that subject.

By command of Major- General Anderson:

E. C. EDGERTON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION,

May 2, 1865.

To carry out the spirit of existing orders on the subject of trasportation the chief quartermaster of this division will immediately reduce the amount now at these headquarters and turn ove the excess to brigade quartermasters for distribution among the company officers and men, as provided in special orders of this date on that subject.

By command of Major- General Anderson:

E. C. EDGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of this date, and to say, by General Johnston's directin, that you may march to- morrow morning. When you reach Salisbury you will receive ten days' rations. I inclose an order which Geenral Johnston desires yu to publish on the last day on which all your troops march together as an army coprs, but not sooner. *

I am, general, very resepctfully, your obedient servat,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See General orders, Numbers 22, Part I, p. 1061.

55 R R- VOL XLVII, PT III

---------------

