
Number guns turned ove, 694; leaving not one- seventh of the whole in the command. The command will commence its march home to- morrow.

WM. W. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General.

SALISBURY, N. C. May 4, 1865.

Major J. T. HESTER,

Commanding Detahcment, Charlotte, N. C .:

MAJOR: We march for Charlotte this afternoon.

E. W. PETTUS,

Brigadier-Geenral.

SALISBURY, May 5, 1865.

Major- General LOVELL, Columbia:

Understanding between General Sherman and myself, one- seventh of arms taken home by troops. These used to keep country quiet or disposed of by U. S. local commader. Field trasportation and subsistence stores taken by troops for men distributed for farming when troops reach home. Any military property not required by troops goes to united States.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

SALISBURY, N. C., May 5, 1865.

Major ISAAC SCHERCK,

Commissary of Subsistence, Chester, S. C.:

The army separtates this morning in three columns- the one via Morganton, the secoond and main body via Spartanburg and Abbeville, and the remainder via Chester and Newberry. I will accompany the Spartanburg column. Come up on train to Charlotte and dispose of stores From that point iorder proper distribution. Will await you at Greensborough. Take cahre Joe Moore's baggage at Charlotte.

W. E. MOORE,

Mjaor, &amp;c.

SAKLISBURY, May 5, 1865.

Major- General MCLAWS, August:

The points in Georgia best for depots for returning troops would be Augusta, Washington, and Griffin.

J. E . JOHNSTON.

CHARLOTTE, May 6, 1865.

Havin made a conventionwith Major- General Sheman to teminate hostilities in North and South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, it seems to me proper to put before the people of those States the condition of military affairs which rendered the measure absolutely necessary. on the 26th of April, the day of the convention, by the returns of the three lieutenatn- generals of the Army of Tennessee, that under my command, the number of infantry and artillery proesent and absent was 70,510. The total present, 18,578; the effecive total or fighting force, 14,179. On the 7th of April, the date ofte last return I can find, the effecive total of the cavalry was 5,440. But between the 7th and 26th of April it was greatly reduced by events in Virginia and apprehensions of

