
CATAWBA, May 8, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

All organized commands have passed. I leave with company of engineer troops for Hughey's Ferry, Broad River. Pontoon bridge at this point and at Hughey's Ferry will be left in position.

J. W. GREEN,

Major, Engineer Troops.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,May 8, 1865.

P. E. LOVE, R. H. HARDWAY, A. DEKLE,

Judges Inferior Curt, County of THomas, Georgia:

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of the 6th instant has been recived. I am of the opinoin that Geenral Cobb should attend to the atter you bring to my notice; but as I am authourzed to take control in the parts of Georgia adjacent to this State whenever, in my judgment, it becomes necessary, I will give the necessary orders in ths case. I fully indorse and approve the action of Captain Wiliams in turning over to the inferior court the subsiectence stores on hand, the curt undertaking to protect the provisions and issue them to the poor and needy families, especially the families of soldiers and to soldiers who have been permitted to return to their homes. This action of Captain Williams is sanctioned, with the distinct understanding that the court will issue the rations only as ehy are needed, as they have hertofore done under the laws of Georgia, holding the quarntity on hand, at any time subject to the eorders of the officer, whoever he may be, either of the COnfedeate or U. S. service, who may have control in that part o Georgia. The object in view is to protect the stors from plunder byt eh lawless and to appropriate them as far as I can to the poor and needy. This letter, a copy of which should be given to Captain WIlliams, will be authority for the action he has taken, and if any U. S. officer arrives at Thomasvbille to take cahrge of public property, this letter should be immediately given or shown to him. The turning over the supplies herein directed to be a measure absolutely necessay for the safety of the supplies and their judicious and ewuitable distribution.

Very resepctfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major- General.

CHARLOTTE, May 11, 1865.

Major- General McLAWS:

GENERAL: Thinking it necessary to explain to the Southern people the state of thisngs which compelled me to put an end to the war, as far as I cjuuld, I prepared the inclosed paper for that purpose* I beg you to have it published as widely in Georgia as you can. Acopy is sent to Major- General Lovell with the same request.

Most resepctfully, yours, truly,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

---------------

*See May 6, p. 872.

---------------

