SPECIAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 68. Charleston, S. C., April 2, 1865.

I. The right wing of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops is hereby ordered to proceed without delay to Mount Pleasant, reporting on arrival there to Colonel C. H. Van Wyck, commanding brigade. Three companies of the leftwing will proceed at once to Fort Johnson and remain on duty there until otherwise ordered. The two companies of the Twenty-first U. S. Colored Trops now at the intrenchments will remain on duty there until further orders. The steamer Canonicus will be used to transfer the troops.

II. Five companies of Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, under command of Colonel J. C. Beecher, will report without delay to Colonel William Gurney, commanding post, for duty. One company of Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops will report without delay to these headquarters for duty.

III. The Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops is hereby relieved from duty at the intrenchments and will embark to-night on board steamer Canonicus for Gerogetown, reporting upon their arrival there to Brigadier General E. E. Potter for duty.

IV. Five companies of Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. Tyler, will embark without delay for Georgetown, reporting upon their arrival there to Brigadier-General Potter for duty. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By commanjd of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUTHERLAND'S STATION, SOUTH SIDE RAILROAD,

April 3, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The movements of which I spoke to you when you were here commened on the 28th, and, notwithstanding two days of rain which folowed, rendering roads almost impassable even for cavalry, terminated in the fall of both Richmond and Petersburg this morning. The mass of Lee's army was whipped badly south of Petersburg, and to save the remanant he was forced to evacuate Richmond. We have about 12,000 prisoners, and stragglers are being picket up inlarge numbers. From all causes I do not estimate his loss at less than 25,000. Sheridan, with his cavalry and one corps of infantry, was onour extreme left. The attack which ended the contest was made in the center. All to the right of the point of attack were forced into Petersburg, or killed, or captured. Those to theleft of it were cut off (our left) and forced to retreat up the Appomattox. Sheridan pusehd in and intercepted them, forcing them to the north side of the river, and with great loss. The troops from Petersburg, as well as those from Richmond, retreated between the two rivers, and there is every indications that they will endeavor to secure Burkeville and Danville. I am pursuing with five corps and the cavalry and hope to capture or disperse a large number more. It is also my intention to take Burkewille and hold it until it is seen whether it is a part of Lee's plan to hold Lynchburg and Danville. The railroad from Petersburg up can soon be put in condition to supply

