
bridge over the neuse River, wesst of the railroad, with one from that army. You are also directed to see that the bridge train is well supplied with all necessary material, and that it is put in the best possible codition as regards its trasportation, &amp;c.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT AND

Letter. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

There can be obtained for this command atKinston five days' rations. Theere are also at the smae point boots, shoes, and other quartetmaster's stores for this army. Corps commanders will send, as soon as possible, all wagons of the supply trains and at least one- third of the wagons of the ordnance train (securing the ordnance unloaded fromthem int he best possible manner), to Kinston, in harge of the chief quartermatster of the corps, and bring forward these supplies. It is suggested that it would be better to send the trains in detachments and upon different days, rather than all at one time. The ounted organization of each corps will accompany the trains and guard them through. Corps comma; nders will suse every exertion to fully equip their commands with the least possible delay.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, 15TH ARMY COPRS,

In the Field, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your order to move traisn is just recived. I will, of course, commence movement, but the supply trains are gone to Kinston and not yet returned. I have kept on foraging all day, and most of the ammunitioon trains are now ojut after the second and third load of forage to- day, and will not be in till late to- night. I would be ready by morning to make a better movement.

Very truly, &c.,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rouse's Plantation, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Fifteenth Army COprs:

MAJOR: I resepctfully report that I left my cmp beyond Falling Creek at 8 o'clock this mroning, movi g in rear of Geenral John E. Smith. Reaching the pontoon crossing over Neuse River, I left one brigade (the Third), as instructed by Maj0r- General logan, on the south side of the river, with instructions to remain until all the supply trains of the army corps shall have crossed the river, and in addition I left oen regiment of the Second Brigade, directing it to report to lieutenant- Coloel Fort for instructiosn. Crossing over, I moved rorward to my position on the New Berne road at Rouse's plantation, one mile and a

