
an army at that place. If Lee goes beyond Danville you will have to take care of him with the force you have for a while. It is reported here that Johnston has evacuated Raleigh and is moving up to join Lee. Should he do so you will want either to get on the railroad south of him to hold it or destroy it so that it will take him a long time to repair damages. Should lee go to Lynchburg with his whole force and I get Burkewille there will be no special use in you going any farther into the interior of North Carolina. There is no contingency that I can see expect my failure to secure Burkewille as proposed when you were here. In that caseit might be necessary for you to operate on the nemy's lines of communication between Danville and Burkeville, whilse I would act on them from Richmond between the latter place and Lynchburg. This army has now won a most decisive victory and followed the enemy. This is all that it ever wanted to make it as good and army as ever fought a battle.

Yours, truly,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

U. S. STEAMER SHAMROCK,

District of the Sounds of North Carolina, Chowan River, off Winton, April 3, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday afternoon, and found the First New York Mounted Rifles waiting, they having arrived that morning. I ferried them over, and they marched on for Murfreesborough last night. I am dragging the river ahead, so as to be able to push on to the same place, where I hope to arrive this morning. Ihave to advance very slowly, on account of having to drag the river all the way ahead of us for torpedoes. We have met with no resistance, and found no torpedoes so far. Some few rebels had been seen by the First New York on the western shore of the river, adn afew shots have been exchanged. As near as I can learn there are scarcely any rebels in this vicinity. Three canal boats followed me up the river, with some infantry and rations on board. They are now here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. MACOMB,

Commander, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 36. Goldsborough, N. C., April 3, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Charles C. Walcutt, having reported, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 44, headquarters Military division of the Mississippi, will report to Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, commanding Fourteenth Corps, for assignment to a division command.

* * * * *

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

