
WILMINGTON, April 3, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

The bridge across the Northeast Branch of the Cape Fear River will be completed to-morrow at 2 p. m. ; also the creek bridge. I will have the locomotive and cars ready to run on the road as soon as the bridge is ready. Troops are continually arriving. About 2,500 left for the front this morning; 2,500 more will leave for the front to-morrow morning. I shall forward the land transportation arriving for the Twenty-third Corps as soon as it arrived. Can I send you anything for your comfort?

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 20. Goldsborough, N. C., April 3, 1865.

I. During the operations of the main armies which are about to commence, Goldsborough, and the New Berne Wilmington railroads will be abandoned as far back as Kinston and East Point. The Eighty-fifth New York Infantry, now at Goldsborough, will remain at that place until notified by Colonel W. W. Wright, superintendent of railroads, that all surplus stores have been removed to the rear, and that the use of the road is about to cease, when that regiment will move by rail, if practicable, at least as far back as the Neuse bridge below Kinston. Brigadier General I. N. Palmer, commanding District of Beaufort, will maintain his present force at Kinston until notified by Colonel Wright that the use of the railroad to that point has ceased, when he will withdrawto New Berne allof that force except one good regiment. This regiment will be securely intrenched at the Neuse railroad bridge, with a strong picket at the wagon bridge to prevent their destruction (especially at the railroad bridge) by any small force of the enemy. Brigadier General Joseph R. Hawley, commanding District of Wilmington, N. C., will hold possession of the railroad from Wilmington as far as Strickland's Depot until notified by Colonel Wright that the use of that road is about to cease, when he will withdraw all his troops as far back as the railroad bidge at East Point, where he will maintain a strong picket securely intrenched to protect that bridge. That portion of the First Division, Tenth Army Corps, now at New Berne and Morehead City, will be held in readiness to move by sea in connection with the main depot of supplies under orders which will be given from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, April 3, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. HAWLEY, Wilmington:

Have Captain Harvey's and Captain Myers' (Fifteenth and Twenty-third Indian) batteries left Wilmington for New Berne; and if so, when?

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

