
NORTHEAST, April 3, 1865.

Captain E. LEWIS MOORE:

The telegraph wire was cut above Magnolia in three places last evening by some of rebel General Wheeler's squad. Our troops were out under arms. They are reported 1,100 strong the other side of Neuse River.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. WILSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

P. S. -The wire is working through all right now.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., April 3, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. ABBOTT,

Commanding Post at Wilmington:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you so instruct the commanding officers of the different outposts that communicaiton with the country beyond the lines shall cease altogether. All passes heretofore granted to go and return are revoked. In case any parties desire to comein to stay they must be detained until their case can be reported at these headquarters. Bearers of information or persons delegated to communicate with the military authorities must explain the nature of their business and wait till it can be communicated to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient.

E. LEWIS MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CITY OF CHARLESTON,Charleston, S. C., April 3, 1865.

GEORGE D. CRAIGN, Esq.,

President Produce Exchange, New York City:

SIR: I desire to represent to the members of your exchange the present destitute condition of the inhabitants of this city. When the city was being evacuated by the rebels there was saved from the incendiaries a sufficient amount of rice to sustain the people then here for a period of about two months. Since that time the influx from the interior has been and continues to be very great, and the rice is rapidly consumed. The quantity for distribution will not hold out to May 1, proximo. There is no passing day but that aid is solicited from me by persons who formerly were in the best circumstnaces, while appeals from that class who have heretofore only sustained themselves by their varius occupations are yet morefrequent and pressing. I have already received from a few of the merchants who have recently established their houses in this city a small amount of money. It has all been distributed to such as I considered to be the most needy or deserving. Unless aid and money, food and clothing, is sent to these people from the North, the suffering and destitution will be incalculable. The armies passing through the interior have, of necessity, either consumed or destroyed the wealth, the produce, and the very sustence of the country. I therefore respectfully ask from your

