
board, in the name of humanity, that it will earnestly consider the wants of these people and take steps to relieve themfrom the suffering which is not only now upon them, but which will augment as the present supplies are diminished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GURNEY,

Colonel 127th Regiment New York Volunteers, Commanding Post.

CITY POINT, VA., April 4, 1865-3. 40 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

On Sunday morning the 2nd we charged and carried the enemy's entire line south of the Appomattox, defeated and drove back Lee's army, and the same evening enveloped Petersburg from the Appomattox above to the river below. About 1 o'clock Monday morning Petersburg was evacuated and we took possession of it. At 8. 15 Weitzel took possession of Richmond from his position north of the James. Jeff. Davis and his cabinet and Lee with most of his army are retreating in hot haste toward Danville. The other column is falling back on Lynchburg. We are pursuing vigorously. Our prisoners will number from 12,000 to 13,000, with several hundred pieces of artillery. Much of the tobacco and cotton in Petersubrg and Richmond was burned by the enemy. He also attempted to burn Richmond. Weitzel succeeded in putting out the fire, but not until several districts were in ruins. Everything is quiet there now, and the people receive our army with great rejoicing.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Goldsborough, N. C., April 4, 1865.

General L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster, Morehead City:

Colonel Beckwith reports that he has now in store here supplies enough to fill the train. General Sherman therefore directs me to notify youthat you may use either branch of the railroad for bringing forward troops or other stores, grain &amp;c., which you may deem useful. I would suggest one item, that strictly wearing apparel for officers can be allowed to come to the army, when it can without interference. There is no question but that the officers of the army are in need.

L M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOREHEAD CITY, N. C., April 4, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram of to-day is received. As Colonel Conklin reports one of our barges burned in the Neuse River by the rebels, I shall hurry forward again to Goldsborough as rapidly as possible by rail. Every facility consistent with the importance of getting to the front will be given to officers to get forward their clothing and other supplies.

L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster.

