
WILMINGTON, April 4, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived at 5 p. m. steamer Tonawanda with headquarters Major-General Howard and reserve headquarters Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, with surplus baggage and detachments Army of the Tennessee, from South Carolina, 27 officers, 230 men, 10 citizens employes. The remainder of General Cruft's Provisional Division has arrived, and Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien will march to-morrow morning. He taken with him 200 substitutes not previously reported.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morehead City, N. C., April 4, 1865.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Goldsborough, N. C.:

General Cruft left yesterday afternoon; troops yesterday morning.

NICHOLAS W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

STEAMER DIAMOND, Off Charleston, April 4, 1865.

General HATCH:

General Potter is ordered to start to-morrow. He will march his command for want of suitable transports. He will striek the Santee River somewhere above the railroad bridge, and has made arrangements to meet his light-draft transports, with extra rations, &amp;c., there. Send the other tin-clad up the Santee as son as she is repaired to join his forces there. Please use all possible dispatch. Have the men work night and day on her. Send Ensign Neil to report to General Potter at once, with the inclosed dispatch. The Canonicus can take him back to-night or in the morning early. I want the expedition I spoke to you about sent out at once, with orders to make all the display possible; clear the bank of the Santee above the railroad bridge of guerrillas. The expedition ought to stat to-morrow. Have them co-operate with General Potter so far as practicable in their operations. I do not care about their going to Branchville. Have them bring in all the negroes they can. Colonel Frazar had better go to Georgetown with Mr. Neil and accompany Potter. He can raise an entire regiment by so doing.

Your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 70. Charleston, S. C., April 4, 1865.

* * * * *

IV. One section of artillery will be held in readiness subject tothe orders of Bvt. Brigadier General A. S. Hartwell, the men to be supplied with

