THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh ConcTress, 1st Session*.
MONDAY, JULY 8, 1861.
New Series No* 1.
This is the first number of the Congressional Globe
for this session—the first of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
It is stcieotyped, and therefore the back numbers can be
supplied at any time. Missing numbers will be sent to
subscubers at three cents a number, containing sixteen
pages.
The price for the confirrssional Globe and Appen-
dix foi this session is? $3.
These woiks go fiee by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act o( Congress.
THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS.
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 4, 1861.
As the President of the United States deemed
that the condition of public affairs presented an
extraordinary occasion which required the assem-
bling of Congress at an earlier day than that
fixed by the Constitution, by virtue of the power
vested m him, ho, by his proclamation dated April
15,1861, summoned both Houses of Congress to
meet in their respective Chambers on the 4th
day of July, 1861, instant.
The VICE PRESIDENT (lion. Hannibal
Hamlin) called the Senate to order at twelve
oVIock.
The following; prayer was offered by Rev. By-
ron Sunderland, D. D.
Almighty and eveilasting God, be not angry
with us for our sins, which we only confess and
deplore; but pardon our oifensus and extend to us
Thy favor. We thank Thee for Thy goodness
on this anniversary of the nation—a day tenfold
more precious by leason of our present troubles,
and sacred to the heart for the ever memorable
Declaration of our fathers, in which Thou didst
hegm more openly to give us a name among the
nations of the earth. We thank Thee for all Thy
manifold and abundant mercies hitherto to make
our nation exceedingly great and glorious; but
now disasters have befallen us and darkness
broods in the land. And now we ask Thy mercy
as the Senate is convening at a most momentous
crisis of our history. Give to Thy servants all
needed help. Add to thoir'dchberations wisdom
and unanimity, and profit and speed to their con-
clusion. Bless Thy servant, the President ofthe
United States, our veteran Commander-in-Chief,
and all that have functions in the oivil and mili-
taiy power. May the angel of Thy presence
walk in the Cabinet and m the Congiess and in
the camp, to go before, to puiify, and to direct
the now greatly and universally-awakened love of
country. And we bcseech Thee to guide us, to
overrule and order all tilings, and so to cause that
nothing shall fail, that the disorders of the land
may be speedily healed, that peace and concord
may prevail, that truth and righteousness may be
established, and that Thy Church and Kingdom
may flourish in a larger peace and prosperity, for
Thy Son, our Saviour, Jesus Christ's sake.
Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary of
the Senate will now read the proclamation of the
Pif sidentconveningan extra session of Congress.
The Acting Secretary, Mr. William Hickey,
read the proclamation, as follows:
By the President of the United States.
A Proclamation.
Whereas the laws of the United States have been for
some time pa*t, and now are, opposed, and Hie execution
theieol uctud, in the Slates ol South O.uoLna. G^oigia,
Alaf) una, Florida. Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, by
cn,ni)mat ion*, too powei Jul to be ^uppic^ed by the oidmaiy
uf judicial pioceedinys, or by the poueis vested in
the mai^lnds by Jaw :
Now, theieioio, f, Abraiioi Lincoln, Pjevident of the
United States, in vistm1 of the pov\ ci in me vested by the
Con-nation and th<> have thought fit to c.ill foith,
and iu'i« b\ do call foiih, th«: milina of the ^ev"i a! State- of
the Union, to the aii2ie ate numbei ot sm'oiiH-Jive thou-
sand. in oidei to >-up|ne>s -aid combinations, and to cause
the laws to be duly executed-
Tha detail- for tins object will be immediately communi-
cated to the Stateauthoiitiesthiougb the Wai Depaitment.
1 appeal to all loyal citizens to lavor, facilitate, and aid
this ellort to maintain the honor, the integuty, and the ex-
istence of our national Union, and the perpetuity of popu-
lar government, and to redress wiongs already long enough
endured.
I deem it proper to say that the first scrvice assigned to
the forces hereby called forth will probably be to repossess
the lurts, places, and property which have been seized from
the Union; and in every event the utmost care will be
observed, consistently with the objects afoiesaal, to avoid
any devasiation, any destruction of or interference with
piopcrty, or any disturbance of peaceful citizen* in any
pait of the country.
And I hereby command the persons composing the com-
binations aforesaid to disperse and retire peaceably to
their respective abodes within twenty days from this date.
Deeming that the present condition of public affairs pre-
sents an extraoidmary occasion, I do hereby, in virtue of
the power in me vested by the Constitution, convene both
Houses of Congress.
Senators and Representatives are therefore summoned
to assemble at their respective Chambers, at twelve o'clock,
noon, on Thursday, the 4ih day of July next, then and
there to consider and determine such measures as, m their
wisdom, the public safety and interest may secin to de-
mand.
In wjtne««: whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
caused the seal ofthe United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this fifteenth day of
Apiil, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
[l.s.] hundred and sixty-one, and ofthe independence of
the United States the eighty-fifth.
A1311AII AM LINCOLN.
By the President •
William H. Seward, Secretary of State.
SENATORS PRESENT.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. LotM. Morrill and Hon. William
Pitt Fessenden.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot and Hon. Jacob
Collamer.
New Hampshire—Hon. John P. Hale and Hon.
Daniel Clark.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and Hon.
Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. James F. Simmons and
Hon, Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon and Hon.
Lafayette S. Foster.
■Afew York—Hon. Preston 'King and Hon. Ira
Harris.
JVctc Jersey—Hon. John R.Thomson and Hon.
John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. David Wilmot and Hon.
Edgar Cowan.
Delaware—Hon. James A. Bayard and Hon.
Willard Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. Anthony Kennedy and Hon.
James A. Pearce.
Kentucky—Hon. Lazarus W. Powell and Hon.
John C. Breckinridge.
Missouri—Hon. Trusten Polk.
Tennessee—Hon. Andrew Johnson.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Indiana—lion. Jesse D. Bright and Hon. Henry
S. Lane.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F.Wade and Hon. John
Sherman.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler and Hon.
Kinsley  S. Bingham.
Ioxoa-—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon. James
Harlan.
Wisconsin—Hon. James R. Doolittle and Hon.
Timothy 0. Howe.
California—Hon. Milton S. Latham.
Minnesota—Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesnnth.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented (he credentials of Hon.
James Henry L\ne, elected a Senator of the
United States by the Legislature of the State of
Kansas.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr. Lane,
and he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the credentials
of Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy, elected a Senator
of the United States by the Legislature-of the
State of Kansas.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr. Pome-
roy, and he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM presented the credentials of
Hon. James A. McDougall, elected a Senator .
of the United States by the Legislature of the
State of California for the term of six years frota
the 4th day of March, 1861, which were read*;
and the oath prescribed by law having been ad-
ministered to Mr. McDougall, he took his seat
in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials of
Hon.ORviLLE H. Browning,appointed a Senator
of the United States by the Governor of the State
of Illinois, to fill, until the next session of the
Legislature of that State, the vacancy occasioned
by the death of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr."Brown-
ing, and he took his seat in the Senate.
SENATORS FROM KANSAS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the classes
in which the Senatois of the State of Kansas shall be in-
setted, in conformity with the resolution of the 14th of
July, 1789, and as the Constitution requires.
Mr. GRIMES. I now, sir, offer the following
order for adoption:
Ordered, That tbe Secretary put into the ballot-box three
papers of equal size, numbered one, two, and three. Each
of the Spnators of the State of Kansas shall draw out one
paper. Number one, if drawn, shall entitle the Senator to
be placed in the class of Senators whose terms of service
will expire on the 3d day of March, 1863; number two shall
entitle the Senatoi to be placed in the class whose terms
will expire on the 3d dav of Maich, 1&65; and number three
shall entitle the Senator to he placed in the class whose
terms will expiie on the 3d day of March, 1867.
The order was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
The papers being put by the Secretary into the
ballot-box, Hon. James H. Lane drew the paper
numbered two, and is accordingly in the class of
Senators whose term of service will expire on the
3d day of March, 1865. Hon. Samuel C. Pom-
eiioy drew the paper numbered three, and is ac-
cordingly in the class of Senators whose term of
service will expire on the 3d day of March, 1867.
NOTIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of Repre-
sentatives that a quorum of the Senate has assemble'd, and
that the Senate is icady to proceed to business.
DAILY HOUR OP MEETING.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of the meeting of the Sen-
ate be twelve o'clock meridian, until otherwise ordered.
* SERGE ANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate do now proceed to the elec-
tion of a Seigeaut-at-Aims and Dooi keeper ofthe Senate.
The resolution lies over until to-morrow.
CONTRACTS OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy he instructed
to lay betorc the Senate a statement of all contracts made
by that Department, or by thf authoiity of the Secretary,
since the 4th of Maich last, specifying those that have been
made upon advertisement, and tho«e that have been made
without, with Mich full and paitleular statement n> each
ca*--e as sOia!l enable the Senate to see the comparative cost
in each ease in rcfercnccvto former purchases ofthe same
kind; and m theca-e ofthe purchase or charter of vessels,
a particular description of each vessel and the pricc paid
for puiehase, and the puce paid per month in case of
chaiter.
If there is no objection, as it requires inform-
ation that the Senate want, I desire that the res-
olution may be passed now. It is a call for
information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks unanimous consent for the
consideration ofthe resolution now. If there be
no objection, the question will be submitted to
the Senate. '
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
