1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
Minnesota—Messrs. Cyrus Aldrich and Wil-
liam Windom.
Kansas—Mr; Martin F. Conway.
Nebraska Territory—Mr. Samuel G. Daily.
Daring the call of the roll, and when the name
of William E. Lehman was reached,
Mr. STEVENS said: I desire merely to say
now, in order not to be*estopped when 1 comc to
make the mbtion, that a mistake has been made
by the Clerk—I cast no censure upon the Clerk,
and do not wish to be so understood—in inserting
the name of Mr. Lehman, who has not the 'prima
facie returns from his district, nor from the State.
I wish to be able to show, at the proper time, that
the prima facie return, as well as the true one, is
in favor of J. M. Butler. I give notice, there-
fore, that until the House is organized I shall not
object to the calling of the name of Mr. Lehman;
but that when he comes to be sworn 1 shall make
the objection, to show that he is not entitled to
be sworn in as a member of this House.
When the name of Charles H. Upton was
called,
Mr. COX said: In accordance with the prece^
dent set by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
wish to give notice of a motion I may offer in
relation to the member from the seventh district
of Virginia. I wish to say to the House that in-
formation has been sent to me, without my taking
any part in it, that the gentleman recorded in the
list of the Clerk as representing that district is a
citizen of Ohio, and exercised and claimed the
right of citizenship there at the last election. I
think, when the House are aware of the facts,
they will see the propriety of at least omitting the
name of Mr. Upton from the call of the roll until
after the House is organized by the election of a
Speaker and other officers.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman make that
motion ?
Mr. COX. I do not now. I only follow the
precedent set by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
When the name of William G. Brown was
callcd,
Mr. BURNETT said: I desire, cither now or
at the proper time, to make a motion to strike
from the roll the names of the five gentlemen from
the State of Virginia. If this is the proper time,
I desire to submit that motion now; but, as this
House is not organized, [ doubt whether this is
the proper time. I will, therefore, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania did, give notice that when
those gentlemen shall present themselves at the
bar of the House to be sworn in as members of
this House from Virginia, I shall offer a resolu-
tion, unless some other member shall do it, that
the question of their right to seats upon this floor
be referred to the proper committee of the House.
When the name of A. T.Thayer was called,
Mr. McCLERNAND said: I am requested by
Mr. Shiel, who claims to be the Representative
from Oregon upon this lloor, to present his writ-
ten protest, not only against the claim of Mr.
Thayer, but against his being called at this time
as a member of this House. When the protest
shall have been read, it will be for the Llouse to
decide whether they will now determine the ques-
tion of title involved, or postpone its determina-
tion to some future day, and in the mean time
suspend the right of either party to a vote upon
this floor. I repeat, this is the question for the
House to determine.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman make a
motion?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not until after the
reading of the protest.
The CLERK. The Clerk will ask the permis-
sion of the House, either after the reading of this
paper or before, to state in general terms the
reasons which prompted him to put this particu-
lar name upon the roll, as well as the other names.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call upon the Clerk
to present to the House, in this case, the certifi-
cates of the two contestants.
The Clerk read the protest of George K.jShiel,
as follows:
To the honorable House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress of the United States.
The undersigned would lespectfully represent:
That, m puisuanee of the ptovisionsof section fourteen
«f article two, and section six of article eighteen, of the
constitution of the Suite of Oregon, a general election
within and for said State was held on the first Monday of
June, 1860, at which election the undersigned received a
majority of all the legal votes then cast for Representative
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress of the United States, as
will be seen by reference to his certificate of election.
That, by virtue of section sixteen of article two of the
said constitution, the undersigned is the duly elcctcd mem-
.ber fiom said Slate for the said Congiess.
That, since the said first Monday of June, 1860, no elec-
tion lias been held in and for said State, either under its
constitution or by virtue of any legislative authoiity therein,
save the election of President of the United States, held
November 6, 1860.
That said general election was held and conducted in
conformity to the law then in force, and which law still
obtains in said State, on the subject of general elections, by
virtue ot section seven of article eighteen ot said consti-
tution.
That the undersigned is informed that A. J. Thayer In-
tends contesting his seat as a member of said Congress
from said State, and jesting his claims thereto upon a cer-
tain number of votes east for him as candidate for said
Congress at the presidential election held November 6,
1860—said votes amounting to a little over one fourth of
the votes then and there cast for the presidential candi-
dates.
Wherefore, the undersigned respectfully requests that he
be declared the member duly elected from the frtute of
Oregon for the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Seventh Congiess of the United States; and that he, the said
undersigned, protests against the admission of the said
Thayer, for the reason th.it his said pretended election is
contrary to law, and his claims thereto in direct opposition
to thesignificant action of three fourths of the legal voters
of the State of Oregon.
GEORGE K. SHIEL.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I now call for the read-
ing of the certificates of clcction,
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois whether it would not be
better, under some arrangement, to postpone this
whole question until after we have elected a
Speaker? And I would suggest, also, that the
names of those gentlemen whose scats have been
mentioned as contested be informally passed over,
and that they shall decline to vote until a Speaker
is elected, when the whole question will come up.
I suppose no one wants this House disorganized
longer than necessary.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania meets my appro-
bation. In presenting this matter at this time, it
was not my intention to take any part either for
one contestant or the other, but to place the facts
before the House so that they might decide
whether they would admit Mr. Thayer to a seat
now, or postpone the decision of the question until
a future day. I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that it would be better that this and
other like cases be passed over informally for the
present, with the understanding that neither of
the contestants shall be permitted to vote until a
further order shall be made in the case.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he pro-
poses to include in his motion, or suggestion, my
right to vote on the organization of this House?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that the
gentleman's case has yet beeti brought before the
House at all.
Mr. CARLILE. I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] to make a mo-
tion in reference to the members from Virginia.
Mr. STEVENS. He simply stated that ho
would introduce a resolution at some future time.
The CLERK. No objection being made, the
Clerk understands that the suggestions made re-
spectively by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and the gentleman from Illinois, in reference to
the cases referred to, aie concurred in by the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to give no-
tice that previous to the swearing in of members,
if the precedent shall be so established, and if
not, subsequently, and by regular reference to the
Committee of Elections, I propose to raise a ques-
tion of privilege under the sixth section of the first
article of the Constitution, which is in these words:
" No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he is clectcd, be appointed to any civil office under
the authority of the United States which shall have been
created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been in-
cieased during such tune; and no person holding any office
under the United States shall lie a member of either House
during his continuance m office.,J
I shall offer at that time a resolution, which I
propose to read now. It is as follows:
Resolved, That Gilman Marston, of New Hampshire,
Francis P. Hlair, jr., of Missouri, and Samuel It. Cur-
tis, of Iowa, claiming heath in thia Hou^e, having been
sworn into the military service of the United States, and
now holding military office under the authority of the same,
aie constitutionally disqualified to be members of this
Honoe, ami to take the oath as such ; and that, therefore,
theCleik is heieby instructed to omit their names in calling
the roll, and recording the votes on the election of Speaker
of this House.
The latter portion of thatresolution, in accord-
ance with the precedentjustestablished, I propose
to postpone, and to change it into an instruction
to the Speaker not to administer the oath to those
gentlemen.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have had the honor of
being sworn into the military servicc of the United
States, and am now an officer of the Army of the
United States, and I claim the right to be included
in the motion pf the gentleman from Ohio. I
do not want to part company with my friends.
[Applause.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will include the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and all who are in
the same category.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Much as I dislike
to part company with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and my friend from Iowa [Mr. Curtis,]
I desire to state that I have never been sworn into
the service of the United States; and therefore,
the gentleman's facts are wrong with regard to
me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The statement of
the gentleman from Missouri that he has never
been sworn into the servicc of the United States—
by which he means, I presume, that he is not
holding any office under the authority of the
United States exccpt his legislative office—of
course excludes himfrom the terms of the reso-
lution, and from the constitutional disqualification.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The CLERK. The Clerk does not understand
the gentleman from Ohio as making any motion
now ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make no motion
now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not wish to delay
the organization of the House; but I desire to
state in reference to the case of the Delegate from
Nebraska: that the Governor of the Territory, in
pursuance of the law pf the Territory, last No-
vember issued a certificate to James Sterling Mor-
ton. Subsequently—in May, 1 believe—he issued
another certificate to Samuel G. Daily of his own
volition. Ho had no power to issue the second
certificate; and when the Delegate comes to be
sworn, I shall present the question to the House,
I think, in such a shape as will leave no doubt
that the wrong name has been put upon the roll
of Delegates.
The CLERK then stated that one hundred and
fifty-seven Representatives having answered to
their names, there was a quorum present, and
that the House was ready to proceed to business
—the first business being the election of aSpeaker.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Clerk, before the balloting
commences I desire to announce to my fellow-
members that I am not a candidate for Speaker.
Profoundly and sincerely grateful as I am to gen-
tlemen of all parties who have proffered me their
support, J have felt it to be my duty to lessen the
number of candidates, and, by the withdrawal of
my name, as far as possible to prevent delay in
organization, which the impending triangular con-
test might threaten. Convinced also, sir, that the
Speakership would be more worthily filled by
either one of the distinguished gentlemen whose
names have been so prominently associated with
it, I announced to them yesterday that before the
balloting commenced my name should be with-
drawn. In conclusion, to those gentlemen whose
confidence was manifested in their preference for
me, I desire to state that I hope, by services upon
the floor, and by devotion to the cause of our
country, which in this the hour of its trials to
every loyal heart is far above party, I shall prove
to them that their confidence has not been mis-
placed. [Applause on the floor and in the gal-
leries.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I beg leave to nominate for
the Speakership of this House Francis P. Blair,
jr., of Missouri, a gentleman who has inaugu-
rated a war policy in that State which has elicited
the enthusiastic appiobation of every loyal Amer-
ican citizen. [Great applause.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I trust that order will
be maintained in the galleries.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rose to make the
same request.
Mr. McCLERNAND. We ought ta put a
