THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
stop at once to any expression of feeling on the'
part of those occupying the galleries.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois is
aware that the Clerk has no power in the prem-
ises.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rose for the pur-
pose of requesting the Clerk to make an appeal
to the galleries, and I am sure the gentlemen in
ihe galleries will preserve that order and decorum
without which it is impossible that business
should be transacted.
The CLERK. The Clerk trusts that gentle-
men in the galleries will refrain "from any expres-
sion of feeling.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe it is in ac-
cordance with customary usage that a motion
should bo adopted by the House to proceed to
the election of a Speaker, and I now make the
motion that the House proceed to vote, viva voce,
for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now renew the nomina-
tion that I have already made.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise, sir, simply to men-
tion the name of a gentleman who was second
on the list of candidates for Speaker m the last
Congress—Galusiia A. Grow. I will not imi-
tate the bad taste of my colleague by going into
a eulogy of his character, nor be provoked into
saying anything against his opponent.
The Clerk then appointed the following gen-
tlemen as tellers to count (he votes for Speaker:
Messrs. Stevens, Hickman, Mallouy, and
VaI T.ANmfilTAM.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to decline to act
as teller. The Clerk knows very well I cannot
write. [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The Clerk, then, will substi-
tute the name of Mr. Colfax.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope the Cleik will excuse
me.
The CLERK. Will Mr. Bingham act as one
of the tellers ?
Mr. IMNGHAM. I must ask the Clerk to
6-xcuse mo
The CLERK then appointed Mr. Frnton as
one of the tellers.
The telleis having taken their places at the
Cleik's dessk, the House proceeded to vote viva
vocc for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 159; necessary
to a rhoi(e, HO; of which—
Mi. Glow iccmeil 71
Mi. I>l;ur, ol' AIi^mhui ..40
Mi. < 'imenden \t>
Mr. JMielp^  7
Mr. Vnllt n<h«U:im  7
Mi. Corninir   G
Mi. Cox  (>
Mi. Jlioh.mlson *
Mi. MeCk-ui ind •_>
Ali. ratwit  I
Mi. CiMleld '  1
Mi. Noell  1
Mr. Pendleton, ol Ohio    1
Mi. Steven-  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Giou-—Mosm-<. Aldru-h, Alloy, Apjilcton, A<-li~
Jcy, B;ibi>iM,<>'oliHnith L'. B.uicv, Uakei, Ua\ter, Beiiman,
Fkimcis T. lil.iii, haiimt'l lilau, Hlake, Builintnn, ('ham-
)> ']!.un, AtnbioM* \V t'kuk, Conway, Covnde, (Juiti*,
(,'Miei, i):i\v< -J. Delano, Divcn, Dnull, Kdunids. FJioi,
Kly, I'Vnton, Fianehet, Gian^ei, Hale, Ilanehett, Hoiton,
fluiehin--, Julian, Firinei?. W. Kcllo-ri,', Willi.un Keiio<,r<j,
LaiHiufi. Loohijn, MeKean, iUeKni'.'hf, McPhcifon, M.iis-
tou, iUiteliHI, Ju-nii S Mutnll, Nixon, f'arton, I'ike, Pot-
ter, Alexander H. Itieo, John II. Uiee, Eilw.ml II. Rollins,
Shank-. Slom, Spauldinjr, S seven--, Stiatton, Tctin, Trow
bridge, Vandexei, Van Home, Win Valkenlmi ufh, Van
W,\ ek, Vciee, Wall, Wall.tec, K. 1'. Waif on. Wasdiburne,
Whceii-i, A!l><;it H. White, Wuvlom. and WouCftei—71.
For Jihtir—Arnold, Bingham. Groi«e II
Browne, Campbell, (Jaihle, C-oha\, Fiedenek A. Conk-
lins, Ilo-eoe Conklm^, JMvi^, Kd<,fei ion, Fe.wnden, Fi ank,
CJooeh, Goodwin, (iiow, Guik>\, Il.iurht, Harrison, lliek
man, kdh-j, l,e!nnan, bovejoy, iMooihcad, Aii>mi P.
Monill, Oii , Poineinv, J'oiter, Kiddle, Hrdywiek, Shef-
tfeld, tihell.ibei^ei, rtlieuuiin, ^.uiih,Juhu li. Steele, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Fianei^ Thomas Tumble. Upton,
ChaiJes W. Walton, and U~na]e} —bJ.
For Mr. Cultcndcn~Mo^r<. Urawn*. l/ris-lield, Dunlap,
Gridei, Uuidiniz, Jci<'ks,on, Learv, Mailoiy, Mcnr.ierf, Rol-
lins, Webster, and YViekliftc.
For Mr. 1'hclp-,— Ilolman, Law. Logan, Noell,
fendktun, I'<Mi\, and Uoliiuson.
Foi Mr. VaUcnnh'zhnm—Aneona, Burnett,Coop-
er, John.-on. N«>rron. Keid, and Wood.
For Corntflz~-7ih>*m*. Cobb, Engh.sh, Odell, Yib-
baitl. Waid, and Woodnuf.
For Mr. C0.r~Mos.is. Allen. Joseph ftailev, Mori is,
A'oble, Wiikam G. Steele, and Chilton A. White.
For Mr. Richardson— Vox, Lazear, and Voor-
hees.
For Mr. McClernand—-Messis. Fouke and Wright.
For Mr. Calvert—Mr. Fisher.
For Mr. Crisfield—Mr. Calveit.
For Mr. Noell~Mr. McClernand.
For Mr. Pendleton—Mr. Vailandigham.
For Mr. Stevens—Mi. Ivillingcr.
Mr. CURTIS (when his name was called) said:
My right to vote has been impeached. [Cries of
uNo!""No!"] I wish to say that I was elected
by the people of my district as Representative in
Congress. I was also elected by a volunteer
regiment of the State of Iowa to serve as colonel
of the volunteers of the State. 1 do not consider
the two offices incompatible. If I have to do
double duty, ask my constituents why. 1 vote
for Galusha A. Grow.
Mr. FOUKE (when his name was called) said:
If I have a right to explain my vote . [Cries
of "No!" "No!"]
The CLERK. Unless objection is made, the
gentleman can explain.
Mr. STEVENS. We had better not begin it.
It is a bad practice.
Mr. FOUKE. I will state that I have no com-
plimentary votes to give in this House. I come
here as a Union man, as one who belonged to the
original Union party in this country. [Cries of
"Order!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman is clearly out
of order. Objection is made upon all sides to his
proceeding.
Mr. FOUKE. Then, sir, I wish to state this 
The CLERK. The gentleman is out of order.
Mr. FOUKE. Then I decline to vote for the
present. I would like to explain my vote for the
benefit of my constituents. I think it very un-
generous for gentlemen opposite to object. It is
a rule which has never been enforced before in this
Hall.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
will understand that the Clerk has no power to
permit him to proceed.
Mr. FOUKE. Well, I decline to vote for the
present.
Mr. Fouke subsequently voted for Mr. Mc-
Clernand.
Mr. LEHMAN (when his name was called)
said: 1 do not know whether my right to vote
can be successfully impeached. 1 do not know
whether the suggestion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevknts] ineluded me or not.
The CLEItK. The gentleman's name is upon
the roll.
Mr. LEHMAN. Then I vote for Francis P.
ijL mr..
Eefore the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BLA1U, of Missouri, said: I think itunnc-
cessary to impose upon the House the necessity
of calling even another ballot for the purpose of
seeming an oiganization of the Ilonse. I beg
leave, therefore, to decline my candidacy at this
point, and request such of my friends who have
voted lbr me, as desire to do so, to change their
votes.
Mr. STEVENS. I have the same remark to
make. I will not be a candidate any longer, and
request my friend who voted for me to withdraw
his vote. [Great laughter.]
The following changes of votes then took place:
From Mr. Blair to Mr. Grow.—Fai^crton, Arnold,
Oollax, Ko<i<-oe Conkhnir. Olm, Campbell, Goo^h. Fiank,
Btnaham, Poitet, Gmloy, Moo'ln-ad, Shillabcrger," KU!r\,
Tumble, I)a\i*, Anson P. MomlJ, Ponicroy, ^heliicld,
Goodwin, diailes W. Walton, Fe^enden, Lovejoy, Kid-
dle, Benjamin F. Thomas, and tfhcimait.
Fi om Mr. Blair lo hh\ Wiight.—Mr. Lehman.
From Mr. lilaxr to Mr. Comma,.—Mr. Smith.
From !•}). Stevens to Mr. Gtox.—Mi. Kilim^er.
The CLERK then announced that Galusiia
A. Grow, having received 99 votes—a majority
of the whole number of votes cast—was duly
elected Speaker of the House of Representatives
for the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Messrs. T'LAiiiand Richardson were appointed
a committee to escort the Speaker elcct to the
chair; who proceeded to discharge that duty.
The oath of office was then administered to the
Speaker elect by Mr. Washburne, he being the
oldest consecutive member present.
The SPEAKER, before taking hi
dressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives of !
the United States of America; Words of thanks I
forthchonor confeired by the vote just announced 1
would but feebly express the heart's gratitude. J
While appreciating this distinguished mark of!
his seat, ad- ;
your confidence, I am not unmindful of the trying
duties incident to the position to which you have
assigned me. Surrounded at al[ times by grave
responsibility, it is doubly so in this hour of na-
tional disaster, when every consideration of grat-
itude to the past and obligation to the future ten-
drils around the present.
Fourscore years ago fifty-six hoTd merchants*
farmers, lawyers, and mechanics, the represent-
atives of a few feeble colonists, scattered along the
Atlantic sea-board, met in convention to found a
new empire, based on the inalienable rights of
man. Seven years of bloody conflict ensued, and
the 4th of July, 1776,is canonizedin thebeartsof
the great and the good as the jubilee of oppressed
nationalities; and in the calendar of heroic deeds
it marks a new era in the history of the race.
Three quarters of a century have passed away,
and those few feeble colonists, hemmed in by the
ocean in front, the wilderness and the savage in
the rear, have spanned a whole continent* with
great empires of free States, rearing throughout its
vast wilderness temples of science and of civiliza-
tion upon the rums of savage life. Happiness
seldom if ever equaled has surrounded the do-
mestic fireside, and prosperity unsurpassed has
crowned the national energies; the liberties of the
people have been secured at home and abroad,
while the national ensign floats honored and re-
spected in every commercial mart of the world.
On the Return of this glorious anniversary, af-
ter a period but little exceeding that of the allotted
lifetime of man, the people's Representatives are
convened in the Council Chambers of the Repub-
lic; to deliberate upon the means for preserving;
the Government under whose benign influence
these grand results have been- achieved.
A rebellion—the most causeless in the history
of the racc—has developed a conspiracy of long-
standing to destroy the Constitution formed by
the wisdom of our fathers,and the Union cement-
ed by their blood. This conspiracy, nurtured
for long years in secret councils, first develops*
itself openly in acts of spoliation and plunder of
public property,with theconnivanceorunslerthe
protection of treason enthroned in all the high
places of the Government, and at last in armed
rebellion for the overthrow of the'best Govern-
ment ever devised by man. "Without an effort in
the mude prescribed by the organic law for a re-
dress of all grievances, the malcontents appeal
only to the arbitrament of the sword, insult the
nation's honor, trample upon its flag,and inaugu-
rate a revolution which, if successful, would end
in establishing petty, jarring confederacies, or des-
potism and anarchy,upon the ruins of the repub-
lic, and the destruction of its# liberties.
The TJth of April, canonized in the first struggle
for American nationality, has been reconsecrated
in martyr blood. Warren has his counterpart m
Ellsworth, and the heroic deeds and patriotic sac-
rifices of the struggle for the establishment of the
republic are being reproduced upon the battle-
fields for its maintenance. Every race and tongue
almost is represented in the grand legion of \he?
Union: their standards proclaim in language more
impressive than words, that here indeed is the
home of the emigrant and the asylum of the
exiie. No matter where was his birth-place, or
i in what clime his infancy was cradled, he devotes
j his life to the defense of his adopted land, the
vindication of its honor, and the protection of Us
flag, with the same zeal with which he would
guard his hearthstone or his fireside. All par-
ties, sects, and conditions of men not corrupted
by the institutions of human bondage, forgetting
bygone rancors or prejudices, hlcmfui one united
phalanx for the integrity of the Union and the
perpetuity of the republic.
Long years of peace, in the pursuit of sordid
gam, instead of blunting the patriotic devotion of
loyal citizens, seem but to have intensified its
development when the existence of the Govern-
ment ia threatened and its honor assailed.
The merchant, the banker,.and the tradesman,
with an alacrity unparalleled, proffer their all at
the altar of their country, while from the counter,
the workshop, and the plow, luave hearts and'
_ stout arms, leaving their tasks unfinished, rush
| to the tented field. The air vibrates with martial
' strains, and the earth shakes with the tread of
armed men.
In view of this grandest demonstration for self-
preseivation in the history of nationalities, de-
