1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sponding patriotism may be assured that the
foundations of our national greatness still stand
strong, and that thesentiment which to-day beats
responsive in every loyal heart will for the future
be realized. No flag alien to the sources of the
Mississippi river will ever float permanently over
its mouths tiR its waters are crimsoned in human
gore; and not one foot of American soil can ever
be wrenched from the jurisdiction of the Consti-
tution of the United States until it is baptized in
fire and blood. [Vocifcrous applause upon the
floor and in the galleries, which lasted for many
minutes.]
Gentlemen, as yourpresiding officer, it becomcs
my duty to apprise you that any demonstrations
of approval or disapproval of anything done or
said during your sessions is a violation of parlia-
mentary decorum; and the Chair would also in-
form the persons in the galiaries that applause by
them is a breach of the "privileges granted by the
House. The Chair hopes, therefore, that any
demonstrations of applause will not be repeated.
il In God is our trust;
And the star-ppn'igled banner forever shall wave
' O'er the Jand of the free and the home of the brave."
[Suppressed applause.]
Those who regard it as mere cloth bunting fail
to comprehend its symbolical power. Wherever
civilization dwells, or the name of Washington is
known, it bears in its fold the concentrated power
of armies and of navies, and surrounds its votaries
with a defense more impregnable than battlement,
wall, or tower. Wherever on the earth's surface
an American citizen may wander, called by pleas-
ure", business, or caprice, it is a shield secure against
outrage and wrong—save on the soil of the land of
his birth.
As the guardians of the rights and liberties of
the people, it becomes your paramount duty to
make it honored at home as it is respccted abroad.
A government that cannot command the loyalty
of its own citizcns is unworthy the respect of the
world, and a government that will not protect its
f oyal citizens deserves the contempt of the world.
[Applause.]
He who would tear down this grandest temple
of constitutional liberty, thus blasting forever the
hopes of crushed humanity, because its freemen,
in the mode prescribed by the Constitution, sel^tt
a Chief Magistrate not acceptable to him, is a
parricide to his race and should be regarded as a
common enemy of mankind.
This Union once destroyed is a shattered vase
that no human power can reconstruct in its ori-
ginal symmetry. <( Conrse stones when they are
broken may be cemcntcd again—precious ones
never."
If the republic is to be dismembered and the
sun of its liberty must go out in endless night,
let it set amid the roar of cannon and the din of
battle, when there is no longer an arm to strike
or a heart to bleed in its cause; so that coming
generations may not reproach the present with
being too imbecile to preserve the priceless legacy
bequeathed by our fathers, so as to transmit it
unimpaired to future times.
Again, gentlemen, thanking you for your con-
fiding kindness, and invoking for our guidance
wisdom from that Divine Power that led our
fathers through the red sea of the revolution, I
enter upon the discharge of the duties to which you
have assigned me, relying upon your forbearance
and cooperation, and trusting that your labors
will contribute not a little to the greatness and
glory of the republic.
SWEARING IN THE MEMBERS.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust that in swearing in
the members only those whose seats are notcon-
tested will first be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will wait until the Hall is cleared of those
not entitled to the floor, in order that we may
^procecd with the business of the House. The
members will be called by States, commencing
with the State of Maine.
Mr. STEVENS. In my judgment, the mem-
bers whose seats are contested ought not to be
called until the other members of the House are
sworn in.
Mr. MoCLERNAND.* Make that motion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
course su^°ostpd will be adopted.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. That includes all
whose rights to seats are disputed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That does not include-
the members referred to in the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGrHAM. 1 understand that
it does.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the motion that those
whose seats are uncontested be first sworn in.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. I second that mo-
tion. i
Mr. CURTIS. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, as an amendment to
the resolution, that those gentlemen whose seats
are contested shall be passed over.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question,
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman
from Indiana to include in that motion the gen-
tleman whose name I see upon the roll from the
Fairfax district—Mr. Upton?
Mr. COLFAX. I do not includc any ©f the
Virginia delegation, as I am not aware that there
is any person claiming the seat of any one of
them.
Mr. COX. I desire merely to say in regard to
the case of Mr. Upton, that I am not awafe that
there is any one claiming his seat. If the state-
ment I made when I was up before is not correct,
I certainly have no objection to his occupying a
scat upon this floor; but having received the facts
which I have stated from respectable authority in
Ohio, I was behind to appeal to the House, in vin-
dication of its own honor and of decency, to as-
certain whether the statement be correct. I am
willing to say, in all frankness, that if the gen-
tleman claiming a seat from the Fairfax district
will say to the House that I am mistaken in the
statement I have made, I will forgo what other
testimony I have received, and make no objec-
tion to Ins being sworn in as a member.
The evidence which has been placed before me
is, that at the time this alleged election is said to
have taken place, Mr. Upton was, in fact, a citi-
zen of Ohio; that he went to the election in that
State last fall and pioposed to vote; that his vote
was challenged; that he insisted on voting, and
did, in fact, vote. The judge of the election so
informed me, and I have deemed it my duty to
lay the fact before the House. I have no per-
sonal feeling about it. But, sir, the same mail
which brought to me a copy of Mr. Upton's cir-
cular as a candidate for a seat in Congress from
a district in the State of Virginia, also brought
me a paper from Zanesville, Ohio, with Mr. Up-
ton's name at its head as editor and proprietor. *
Now, if the gentleman will say to the House
that he was a citizen of Virginia, and that he
claimed no right of citizenship in Ohio at the
time of the election, so far as I am concerned, I
will not press the matter further. I shall not
stand here to object to any man representing,
upon this floor, any district m which he has been
properly elected.
I make no question as to the regularity or ir-
regularity of the election in Virginia. I only
desire that the House shall possess itself of the
facts m the case.
Mr. UPTON. So far as I am concerned, I have
a very short answer- to make to the gentleman
from Ohio. I do claim to be a citizen of Virginia.
I claimed so to he when i offered myself as a can-
didate to the people of the seventh congressional
district of the State of Virginia. I have not been
in Ohio for some six months. Except with some
casual intervals, IhavebeenaresidentofVirginia
for twenty-five years. It is true that I voted in
Ohio, as the gentleman states. It is true that my
vote was challenged there. But when, under the
circumstances, the gentleman says he is vindi-
cating the dignity and decency of the House by
questioning my right to my seat upon this floor,
I am glad to find that, while the country is reeling
with anarchy', there is someone here to disprove
the old maxim, silent leges inter arma. I claim
my seat here, sir, as a member of this House from
the seventh district of Virginia, and I claim that
I am a citizen of that State.
Mr. COX. My friend from Virginia answers
my question, whether he voted in the lastelection
in Ohio, in the affirmative. My other statement
was, that at the very time when his circular was
issued as a candidate for Congress from Virginia
he was the ostensible editor and .publisher of a
paper in Ohio. I ask the gentleman whcthcrsuch
is the fact? He knows that I have no motive in
raising the point except ^vindicate the dignity.®^,
the House. , _ s , . , , . _ fr.h
Mr. UPTON. I say to .the gentleman (rpa^f,
Ohio, in response to his,question, that I was
terested at one time in apaper inOhio^as he vei^
well knows. I am not interested in it now}hqw^;
ever, not have I been for some time past. . . ,.-f;
Mr. RICHARDSON, It seems to me thatyge?.
are anticipating the regular course ©f business and.,
are getting ourselves into the very difficulty by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SiEyENsjr
is trying to avoid. Now, I will, suggest to tfre
gentlemen that we defer this matter for a few.
minutes in accordance with the proposition of the'
gentleman from Pennsylvania. We can then)
swear in the members whose seats are r>ot con-
tested, and we can afterwards take up each case
and consider it disconnected from every dther
case. . ;
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order. £
submit that both the resolution and amendment
are out of order. The House is still in an unor-
ganized condition. It is our first business to
perfect our organization; and I claim, therefore,
until that shall have been done, these resolutions^
and motions, the effect of which must necessarily
be to delay our organization, arc not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In order that we may,
bring this matter tp a conclusion without further
delay, I will move the previous question on the
resolution-and amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
The roll of the members was then called, and
those present whose seats were not contested came
forward and took the usual oath to support thg
Constitution of the United States.
When the State of Virginia was called,
Mr. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the question of the light of Chados H.
Upton, William G. Brown, 11. V. Whaley, John S.Cailiie,
and 13. II. Pendletop, to scats upon this floor, be referred to
the Committee of Elections, when formed/and that they
report to this House thereon.
Mr. BURNETT. It is my purpose to offer no
opposition to the action of this House that shall
assume the form of a factious opposition. But,
sir, in obedicnce to what I regard as my duty as
a Representative upon this floor, I have brought
this matter before the House for its consideration.
It involves questions of the gravest character, and
certainly deserves a candid consideration. I un-
derstand that two of these gentlemen were elected
on the 23d day of May, which was the fourth
Thursday in the month. Then, sir, the question
comes up as to the action of the State of Virginia
in repealing that law. - If Virginia still be in the
Union, as is contended by many, then, sir, Vir-
ginia is sovereign, and she has the right to pre-
scribe the mode, manner, and time of holding her
election for members upon this floor. If the re-
verse of that proposition be true——
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I make the point that the House
being engaged in the execution of an order, the
resolution, and the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky, are out of order until the House has
completed the execution of that order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont raises the point of order that the House
being engaged in the execution of an order, no
other business is in order until that is disposed
of. The Chair thinks the point of order is not
well taken, as the resolution of the gentleman from
Kentucky relates to the right of members to seats.
Mr. BURHETT. As 1 was remarking, if the
reverse of this proposition be true, then, sir, this
Congress has the power to admit newStates, and
these gentlemen might come in as Delegates.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order. I
had thought that the proposition now made by
the gentleman from Kentucky ought to have been
postponed until all the members capable of decid-
ing it were sworn in. The House, however, de-
cided otherwise, and decided that the names of all
members should be called, and that they should
be sworn in, excepting those whoso seats are con-
tested. That, sir, has already been decided, and
we are proceeding to execute that order, and the
execution of it cannot be interrupted. I admit
