i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 4,
tioh ? There is no evidence that the paper is what
it purports to-be.
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
1 would inquire whether the fact that the proc-
lamation of the Governor of Pennsylvania has
been issued, giving the seat to the gentleman,
[Mr.-Lehman,] and that it has been communi-
cated to this House, does not prima facie entitle
him to!the seat? Now, it is within the recollec-
tion, doubtless, of some gentlemen here, that in
the contested-election case from the State of New
Jersey, some years since, the House decided that
the Governor of the State having attached the
State seal to the return of members, that gave
them a prima facie right to take their seats.
I hold that the fact that the gentleman from'the
first district comes here with the proclamation
of the Governor that he has been elected and
returned, gives him prima facie a right to the
Seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania raises the question of order that the proc-
lamation of the Governor of the State, being jjrima
facie evidence, entitles the member to be sworn
in. That is a question for the House to decide
under the Constitution; and the Chair, therefore,
overrules the point of order.
Mr. LEHMAN. I do not know by what au-
thority the Clerk of the House placed my name
upon the record. At the commencement of the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] he said that my name was there
by ftiistake. i now call for the authority, if it is
in the possession of the Clerk, under which Col
onel Forney placed my name on the roll.
The Clerk read the following paper:
The Clerk, in placing the name of William E. Lehman
upon the toll of member*, loi tin: first eongicsMonal chs
triotof i'emi*) ivanm, was actuated by the following rea-
sons :
YVIIItam F. Packer, Governor of Pennsylvania, on the 8th
day of November, I860, pursuant to the piovisions of net of
Assembly, issued his piocUtmation declaims that William
IS. Lehman was duly elected Uepresi^utivo lu Congress
from the first conpiensloual diMilcU ami rnumeiating him
with twenty-four others as mcmbets elect from the State
of Pennsylvania to the House ol Representatives 111 tlie
present Congress. This proclamation is piesonted by Mr.
Lehman as hit* credentials.
John M. Butler, on the other hand, claimed that the offi-
cial returns made out by the boaid of election judges,
under act of Assembly, showed lie was rlected Hcpie^eut*
ativo in the lirst district. This>ietmn he relied upon as
evidence sufficient for the Clerk to place Ins name upon
the roll.
in this conflict, the question arose vvhieh of these claim
ants should he placed by the <'lefk upon tlx1 roll, and be
called ia the organization of (he Hoiw, or whether the
naruesofhoth should he omitted until altenhe organisation.
The Constitution of the Unifd State-- provide* that the
lime, place, and manner of holding election* for ttepre-
uentatives shall be prescribed in each State by the Legisla-
ture thereof; but Congres.-s may at any time, bv law, make
oi alter such regulations. (Ait. 1., sec. 4.) The tilth sec-
tion oi the first article proviclos that caeh House shall be
the judge of the election, returns, and qualifications of its
own members*. The plain word-* ol tin- Constitution, as
well as the unifoim action oftheJIou.se ever since the
oiganizatiou of the Government, *how tii.it it is the exelu-
iivc province of tho Houm1 to deride the ught to conte.sted
neats upon its floor. The Clerk i-> but a ministerial officer,
having no right to investigate or decide; but, inasmuch as
there must be some evidence or rule to guide linn for the
{>urposii of organization, the election law of Pennsylvania
 as conferred upon the Governor of that Stale authority to
dfecldc by proclamation the persons returned as elected in
their respective districts. Tins official declaration is m the
nature of a primary adjudication upon the tact of election,
which can orily be ratified or leversed by the House. The
Clerk is therefore hound to look at the law of tin' State; ami
where the claimant presents the credential pieseubed by
that law it must he received as the only authentic evidence.
The Governor's proclamation is made the piescuhed cre-
dential to which thcCIeik n u>tlook m making out the toil
of members; but he has no power to eoiisulei anything
contradictory,or impeaching that eicdential.
Tim Governor's official decimation giudes the Clerk m
respect to the uncontested seats, and is his geneial author-
ity for placing the claimant's names upon the loll; and if,
whore there is a content, he should go beyond the Gov-
ernor's proclamation, and look at the returns to sec whether
the enumerated persoiw weie duly elected, he would be
usurping the function of the House, and a—ummg to judge
what is only within its jurisdiction. In the present case
Mr. Lehman presents precisely the same evidence ot ins
right to the seat tor the first df-tiiet of IVnnvvlvam.i exhib-
ited by all theothei Representatives fiom that State. The
Clerk has no power to distinguish between the persons
declared in the same piockimution to he elected, but must
give the proclamation equal cieditas to all wfio are enu-
merated as membcis.
At the organization of the House of Representatives of
the Twenty-Sixth Congress, in December, 1839, live seats
from the State of New Jeisey were contested; and the
Clerk, without entering the names of either upon the roil,
submitted to the House whether he should pass over the.r
Barnes until the call of the balance of tne i oil was com-
pleted. After a protracted and exciting contest, the House
resolved: first, to call the names of gentlemen whose right
to seats was not disputed or contested; second, that after
the names of such members were called, and before a
Speaker was elected, they should, provided there be a quo-
rum of such present, then hear and judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of the claimants, Messrs. Inger-
soll and Nayloi excepted, to the seats contested upon the
floor. The claimants holding the Governor's certificate
were excluded from voting in the organization; but, after
investigation and report by a committee, the seats were
awarded to their contestants.
But the proceedings of the Clerk and by the House in
the New Jersey case were at the time regarded as a depart-
ure from previous usage and practice, and very much in-
fluenced by special circumstances of a political nature then
existing. The constitutional duty of the Clerk to call those
whose right is attested by the otlicial evidence of the Gov-
ernor's certificate was earnestly insisted upon by some of
the wisest and most distinguished statesmen of that day,
among whom were the venerable John Quincy Adams and
two of the ablest jurists of Pennsylvauia--John Sergeant
and Richard Biddle; and the majority of the House, by its
own action at the same time in another case, determined
in favor of the prima facie right furnished by the proclama-
tion of the Governor of Pennsylvania. Mr. Lehman is
officially declared by the Governor as legally elected in the
lirst congressional district, and is enumerated with all the
other members claiming seats from that State. The Clerk
has no more right to exclude his name from the roll, on the
ground of error or mistake by Governor Packer, or that his
declaration is contradicted by the return of the board, than
he would have to exclude every other person named in the
Governor's proclamation. The exercise of power in any
ease would imply the right to leave out the whole Penn-
sylvania delegation,and exclude that State fiomrepresent-
ation in the oiganization of the House, and depuvc a sov-
ereign State of its right to say through its constituted
authorities who should be its Representative upon the floor
of this House.
For these reasons I have placed the name of William E.
Lehman upon the roll of the House, along with the other
members designated by the Governor's proclamation, as tivts
person selected to represent the fitst district of the State
of Pennsylvania in the House of Representatives of the
United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desired to
be enlightened by authoritative documents of this
new Daniel that "has come to judgment on the law
of tins House that has just been read. But, sir,
in the haste in which he has made it up, he has
forgotten the analogies of the case; for remember
lie has made up that document since I gave notice
this morning that the seat was to be contested.
Of course, air, the Clerk had'no suspicion that
there was anything wrong, or he would not have
entered the name he did on the roll. Now, here
is an elaborate argument. Let us, for a single mo-
ment, confine ourselves to the prima facie case. I
am sorry the gentleman across the way,and who
claims to be my colleague, did not confine him-
self to his own suggestion of propriety, instead of
answering questions put to him with reference to
facts outside of the record here. Sincehe hasdone
so, however, I may be permitted to state facts
also. This was a triangular fight. Here was this
gentleman belonging to one wing of the Democ-
racy. There was also a Breckinridge Democrat in
the field, and a Republican; and I believe the Breck-
inridge Democrat hated the Douglas Democrat a
httle the worse of the two. They made a false count
in some of the precincts, as they always da in the
first congressional district, and when they found,
with all the false counts, the Douglas Democrat
had overrun them a little, the Breckinridge Dem-
ocrats brought in returns which they said were
forged. They got certain witnesses to swear that
the returns were forged, and it is true they did
convict a judge of elections; but on examination
the Governor was satisfied that there had been
perjury in the case, and he pardoned the man and
tot him out. I will state one other thing: after the
Democratic Governor had issued his proclama-
tion stating that there were returns thercshowing
Mr. Lehman was elected, Mr. Butler, supposing
that it was so, gave the notice of contest required
by law. He then had a recount of the contents
of the ballot-boxes, and that recount elected Mr.
Butler just according to the original returns, show-
ing that the conviction of the judge was brought
about by perjury, and that the original returns
were correct. Now, sir, I should never have no-
ticed this if my friend had not, m answer to cer-
tain questions, (I admit it was dragged from him,)
stated these facts. Hence I felt justified m say-
ing this before going into the law of the ease.
Mr. LEHMAN. I knowthe gentleman's ob-
ject and mine are the same—to get at the truth;
and I desire, therefore, to say that his statement
of facts is inaccurate. 1 know he supposes lie
has good authority for what he states, but the
facts are not as he gives them.
Mr. STEVENS. While the gentleman is up
j let me ask him one question. Has he ever got
i the certificates of the return judges?
Mr. LEHMAN. Mr. Butler himself has not
got them.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the gentleman got them?
Mr. LEHMAN. I have not, nor has Mr But-
ler.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to indicate what the
la\&in the case requires, after the learned disqui-
sition ofthe gentleman from Pennsylvania. "What
I mean to say is this: that in some of the States,as
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes}
pertinently remarked, the certificate of the Gov-
ernor is the authority upon which members take
their seats here, and are prima facie entitled to
them, as was the case in the great New Jersey
case, where the broad seal was spoken of. I be-
lieve there the commission of the Governor was
the prima facie evidence upon which they were
entitled to seats. My friend on my right says it is
so iu several of the States; butin Pennsylvania it
is just otherwise. The law there requires the
return judges to make out the count of the votes
and give a certificate as to the number. They are
required to file one copy of that certificate with
the prothonotary of the county, and send another
to the secretary of the Commonwealth, to be
filed in his office. The Governor is to look at
this certificate and proclaim who is returned as
elected—not who is elected, but who is returned
elected; and the Governor is to send this cer-
tificate to the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives. He is not to^send his proclamation at all.
His proclamation is not here; his proclamation,
according to the law, is not anywhere except to
the people of the State. The onlyauthority upon
which the members from that State are entitled
to claim their seats here is the certificates given
to them—certificates filed in the office of the pro-
thonotaries of the counties and filed in the office
of the Secretary of the State, which certificates
are to be sent here. Now, they were here if the
Governor has done his duty. He sent to the
Clerk of this House the certificate of my election;
he sent to the Clerk of the House the certificate
of Mr. Butler's election; and they are the only
certificates of anybody's election that belong here
or can have any validity here.
But it is said the Governor of Pennsylvania dis-
covered that there had been fiaud, and afterwards
proclaimed that Mr. Lehman was elected; and
that proclamation is received here as of validity
beyond the certificate of the return judges, which
I repeat are the only certificates that could law-
fully come here at all.
Now all I want is for the House to understand
the question. If we are to take our seats from
Pennsylvaniaupon the certificate of the Governor,
then I admit that Mr. Lehman has a prima facte
case. But I deny that the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania in this case has any va-
lidity at all, or that it is before, or can come
before, this House at all. And in support of the
assertion, I ask the Clerk to read from the laws
of Pennsylvania what I send up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Sec. 64. The judges of the several counties having met.
as afoicsaid, shall ea*t up the several county letuin*, and
make duplicate returns of all the votes given for Mich ofhco
in said district, and of the name of the person or p<>i*o'ns
clected ; and one of said returns for each office shall be de-
posed in the office of the prothonotary of the court of
common pleas of the county in which they shall meet, ami
the other shall be, by said judges, deposited m the neaie>t
post office,sealed and directed to the societaly of the Com-
monwealth, in the mannei directed in pails two and tluee
of the eighteenth section.
"Sec. 65. It shall also be the duty of the return judge®,
In every case, to tiansmit to each or the poisons elected to
serve in Congie<jS,or in the Senate or m the Hotu-c of Rep-
icsentatives of this Commonwealth, a ccitifieate ot Ins
election, within five days after the day of making up such
returns.M
" Sec. 113. ft shall be the duty of the Governor, on th^
receipt ot the icturns of the election of membeis of the
House ofllepiesentatives of the United States as aforesaid,
by the seerotaiy of the Commonwealth,to declaie bv proc-
lamation the names of the person^ ho returned as elected
in the respective districts and he shall also, as <-oon a<
conveniently may he theieattcr, transmit the' ictuins so
made to the House ofRepre^entativcs of the United State?/'
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, it is the plainest
thing in the world that the process of making up
the returns, and of certifying them to this House,
is as I have stated. It was the duty of the return
judges, within five days after the election, to no-
tify the man elected of his election. They did
notify Mr. Butler within five days of his election.
Mr. Lehman never received such a certificate at
all. "YVithm the prescribed time, the certificate
showing that Mr. Butler was elected was sent to
