1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
the office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth,
and filed there. It remains filed there yet. What,
then, was the duty of the Governor ? It was his
duty to proclaim who these returns elected. But
by a mistake, I presume—it was a gross viola-
tion of duty if he went into an investigation of the
facts behind the returns—by, I undertake, there-
fore, to say, mistake, in making his proclamation
he wrote the nameof Mr. Lehman instead of that
of Mr. Butler, who the returns themselves certify
was elected. He then sent on—what was sent on
here? Not the proclamation. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania was mistaken in saying the
proclamation of the Governor was sent on here.
It is not here. There is no such thing. Then,
who is entitled to the seat ? Why, undoubtedly,
the man who has the certificate of the judges of
the election—the one who has the certificate filed
by the return judges with the prothonotary of the
county, and with the secretary of the Common-
wealth. Mr. Lehman has no such certificate of
his election. He has simply and only in his favor
the error of the Governor in inserting his name
instead ofthatof thegentleman returned asclcctcd.
I say, therefore, that he has'-no prima facie case
here. He says it would be doing him great in-
justice to refuse him his scat now after having in
consequence, of the Governor proclaiming him
as elected, failed to take the necessary steps re-
quired by law for contesting the seat. Par be it
from mo to do injustice to the gentleman from the
first district, or to any one else; and for the pur-
pose of relieving him from any difficulty of this
kind, I will submit my resolution in this form:
Resohed, Ttmt the Clerk be directed to insert the name
of John M. Butler on the roll of member*, as the Repre-
sentative of the first congressional dibtiict of Pennsylva-
nia and that William H. Lehman ^hall bo entitled to con-
tent the seat of the said John 1ST. Butlrr, by giving him the
icquiied notice, at any time within tineo months.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. LEHMAN. I hope the gentleman will
defer his motion for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will renew
it altenvards, I will.
Mr, LEHMAN. I will do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order. I
inquire whether the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has been entertained by the
Chair?
The SPEAKER. It is entertained as a modi-
fication of the original proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. It undertakes to repeal an
act of Congress in this: it declares that Mr. Leh-
man should become a contestant of the scat of
Mr. Butler contrary to the act of Congress of
1851, which provides the manner of contesting
seats upon this floor. I make the point that it is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is for the House, and not for
the Chair, to determine what repeals former acts
of Congress and what does not.
Mr. LEHMAN. Mr. Speaker, if I understood
the tenor of the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, it was that the proclamation of the
Governor of Pennsylvania was issued in mistake
and without the authority of law, and that it was
not a credential which could be recognized by this
House. The act of Assembly which was read by
the Clerk of the House is in these words, and 1
do not think there can be any mistake about
them:
"It&hall ho the duty of the Governor, on the receipt of
the ictuins of the election of members of the Ilou-e of
Rf'piesentanvos of the United States, as aforesaid, by the
seeretaiy ol the Commonwealth, to dcclaie, by pioclama-
tion, the names of the peisons so returned as elected in the
ie>peet!\'o di^tiicts ; and he shall also, as soon as may be
convenient thereafter, transmit the returns made to the
House of Representatives of the United State? "
Now, by inquiry at the proper department, it
will be found that the Governor of Pennsylvania
has transmitted those returns as they were sent
to him, and that by a computation of those re-
turns I was elected, and not John M. Butler.
The Governor, in pursuance of the requirements
of law, and in accordance with the returns, as
they were received by him, ptoclaimed me to bo
elected. Now a motion is coolly made which is
to relievo me of all difficulty, by which my name,
properly and rightfully placed upon the list, is to
be removed and somebody else's inserted, thus
overruling the law of my own State and the au-
thmity of its highest officer.
If I understand the law, it is this: when a ease
comes authenticated by an official seal, whether
in a court of justice, or in a House of Congress,
or anywhere else, there is -prima facie evidence
that what was done under it in the instrument to
which it is attached was rightfully done, and un-
der the law. Then, if that paper is to be set
aside, if its authority and influence are to be con-
troverted, there must be some impeachment of it
in the regular way. I do not believe that in the
experience and the practice which the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania has had in
his own State and elsewhere, he ever heard of
such an anomalous or absurd theory presented as
the one he now avows: that you not only have
to come in with your official paper from the de-
partment of State and from the law officers, but
you have to come prepared to authenticate them
doubly; in other words, that the paper does not
carry the influence and weight which, under the
theory of law recognized throughout Christen-
dom, it really does carry.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania having first said that the Clerk placcd the
name of William E. Lehman upon the roll by
mistake, now says that the Governor also issued
his proclamation by mistake. If the House will
pardon me further, I will show that the Governor
of Pennsylvania not only did not act by mistake,
but that he acted under the authority of law, after
having considered the whole case. In this case,
m his general proclamation, he inserted some
special clauses, thus showing that he did not act
by mistake, but that he desired to exercise the
functions of his officc rightfully and legally; and
what is more, in favor of the right, and against
legalizing and sanctioning a fraud. The clause
to which I refer is as follows:
" And vvhetcas certain returns have been rcccivcd at the
office of the seetetaiy of the Commonwealth of the votes
e.js-t m the first congi e^ional disinct lor member of Con-
gte^s, oerttfj'in<? that at the election aforesaid John M.
Butler received eight thousand five hundied and eighty-one
votes, William M. Lehman received el«rht thousand three
hundied and eighty-three vote*, and Edward King received
two thuu-and and fifty-seven votes; and whereas it has
been judicially a^eeitamed that said letuins include afal^e,
foiged, and faimeated icturn of the votes ca?t m the fourth
waul pait of the fii-t congressional d^trict; and whereas
the return judge from the said fourth ward has been duly
convicted in the com t of quarter sessions of the peace m
and foi the city and county of Philadelphia for the ciim-
mal substitution of said false, foiged, and fabricated return,
in lieu of the true and coircct one; and whereas by the
true returns, certified fioni the piothonotary's office of the
court of common pleas in and for the city and county of
Philadelphia, it appeals that at the election afotesaid Wil-
liam E. Lehman rcccived eight thousand five hundred
and fil'ty-mae vote-;, John M. Butler received eight thou-
sand four hundred and twenty-seven votes, and Edwaul
King received two thousand and foity-lour votes; and
wheteas it thus appear-:, from the true and genuine return*?,
that William E. Lehman was duly chosen at the election
aforesaid a member of the House of Representatives of the
United States tor the firstcotigressional district, composed
of Southw.uk, Moyamcnsmg, Passayunk, in the county of
Philadelphia, and Cedar, Lombard, Spruce, and New Mar-
ket waids m the city of Philadelphia."
Now, if my ease is right upon the record; if I
am entitled to be called in the first place by all
these questions of fact, about which at the very
outset there was a very wide difference between
myself and the distinguished member from Penn-
sylvania, can we here and now settle the case
properly, m accordance with the law and upon the
testimony? It should bo settled understandingly;
but if this sort of method is to be adopted, it may
result, in the present instance, to the satisfaction
of some parties, undoubtedly; but why should
the House of Representatives, m the discharge
of its duties, set a precedent which may hereafter
bring disaster and mischief upon the country? I
think the true coursc of pioceeding, in all cases
of this kind, is to refer them to the appropriate
committee; and that is all that is asked by the
Representative from the first district of Pennsyl-
vania. If, upon the investigation of the testimony
by the committee, it .shall appear upon the merits
of the case that Mr. Butler is entitled to the seat,
there is no one that will acquiesce more readily
' and more cheerfully than myself, when that de-
cision is sustained by the House. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the previous question
is seconded I would ask that the return transmit-
ted by the Governor of Pennsylvania to the Clerk
of this House be read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEVENS. The return has been read
twice already.
Mr BINGHAM. I wish to hear the return
which the"Governor sent to the Clerk read sepa-
rate from anything else. I -have no doubt that ,
every member will be governedan this-case by the
return which the Governor made to the Clerks
Mr. FOUKE. I move to lay the resolution-of*
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steveks]
upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was determined
in the affirmative—yeas 02, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Bailey, Bingham,
George II. Browne, Burnett, Calvert, Carliie, Ambrose
W. Clark, Cobb, Roscoe Conklmg, Cox, Cravens, Curtis,
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunlap, English,
Fouke, Franchet, Cooch, Goodwin, Grider, Haight, Hard-
ing, Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Horton, Ilutchins, Jack-
son, Johnson, William Kellogg, JKillinger, Law, Lazcar,
Logan, McClernand, Mallory, Menzies, Anion P.Morrill,
Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Noiton, Odoll, Olin, George
II. Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Ponieroy, Porter, Potter, Rcid,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Rob-
inson, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellaberger,
Sloan, Smith, John B. Steel, WilliamG. Steel, Stratton,
Benjamin P.Thomas, Trimble, Upton, Vailandigham, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wall, Chailcs W. Walton, E. P.
Walton, Ward, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Chil-
ton A. White, Wickliffe, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, Wor-
cester, and Wright—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baxter, Bcainan, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton,
Campbell, Chamberlain, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Conway, Covode, Cutler, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely,
Feuton,'Fesscnden, Fisher, Frank, Granger, Hale, Han-
chett, Julian, Lansing, Lovejoy, McKean, MeKnight, Mc-
pherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. MomJI, Patton,
Shanks-, Shciman, Spauldmir,Stevens,Tram,Tiowbridge,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Wallace, and Washburne—48.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. FOUKE moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the House now
proceed to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. FOUKE. I move that Mr. Lehman be
first sworn in.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That motion is not
necessary, as the rules require the members to be
first sworn in. That is the first order of business,
and all other business contravening that is out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is in order, as the House might refuse to
have the gentleman sworn.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The usual oath to support the Constitution of
the United States was then administered to Mr.
Lehman.
The Clerk next called the name of Mr.Thayer.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I called the attention
of the House to this case a few minutes since.
I do not rise at this time to enter into any ex-
tended debate upon the questions presented by it,
nor to take part in favor of one party or the other.
I am not sufficiently familiar with the facts of the
case to form a confident judgment of its merits.
So far, however, as I have been able to look into
it, the inclination of my judgment is, that Mr.
Shiel is entitled to the seat, and not Mr. Thayer.
In saying this, however, f reserve the right of
correcting my opinion if I find it erroneous.
What ought to be done at this time is a question
for the House to decide. From the facts devel-
oped before the House, Mr. Shiel was elected on
the first Monday of June, I860, in a contest be-
tween him on the one side and Mr. Logan on the
other. The canvass was a very thorough one,
occupying considerable time, and bringing out a
full vote of the parties in the State; the result
being in favor of Shiel by a very small majority.
The constitution of the State of Oregon, in one
of its clauses, provides that the first general elec-
tion in the State shall be held on the first Monday
of June. In another clause it provides that if the
constitution shall be ratified by the people, the
election for Representatives in Congress, and for
State and county officeis, shall beheld on the first
Monday of June, 1853, to he followed by another
election two years after. The election at which
Mr. Shiel was elected, in June, I860, was a general
election. The election at which Mr.Thayerclaims
to have been elected was at the presidential elec-
tion in November after. There was no law of
any character in force then authorizing an elec-
tion for Representatives in Congress at that time.
The election which took place then was under
the lasv of Congress relating to the election of
