1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. CONWAY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the oath bu now administered
to Mr. Daily, the Delegate from the Territory of
Nebraska. According to the order of yesterday,
this ceremony was postponed until the organiza-
tion of the House was effected. From the best
information 1 can get there is no good ground for
the objection that has been interposed. On the
contrary, the objection seems to be frivolous and
vexatious. I move that the oath be now admin-
istered to Mr. Daily.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move, as a substitute,
that J. Sterling Morton be sworn in as the Del-
egate fiom the Territory of Nebraska. Mr. Mor-
ton was elected and commissioned as a Delegate
from that Territory.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man. This may give rise to considerable debate,
and I think it proper that the message of'the
President should be first read.
Mr. CONWAY. I have no objection to the
postponement of this case, provided that action
upon it is not unnecessarily procrastinated.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is a privileged ques-
tion, and can be called up at any time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the ques-
tion be postponed until the message of the Pres-
ident has been read.
Mr. CONWAY. I have no objection.
There being no objection, it was ordered accord-
ingly.
MESSAGE.
The Clerk then read the message of the Pres-
ident of the United States. [It will be published
in the Appendix.]
The reading of the message was frequently
interrupted by the most enthusiastic applause,
both on the floor and in the galleries.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the President's
message and accompanying documents be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed; and upon that
motion he demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE submitted a resolution
that fifty thousand extra copies of the message
and accompanying documents be printed; which
resolution was referred, under the rules, to the
Committee on Printing.
TREASUllY IU3POKT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the finances; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, Tliat so much of the report of the Secretary
of the Tu;a«ury as iclates to the finances be referred to
the Committee" of Ways and Means; and so much thereof
as leUites to the mnunei of collecting the icvenuc fiom
customs, and the collection districts, be referred to the
Committee on Coimneice; and that said leport be printed.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. According to previous
understanding, the Nebraska contested-election
case comes up at this time. I move to substitute
the name of J. Sterling Morton for that of Sam-
uel G. Daily, as Delegate from the Territory of
Nebraska. I desire the Clerk to read from his
desk the certificate, under the seal of the Terri-
tory, certifying to the election of Mr. Morton.
The Clerk lead the certificate, as follows:
Executive Chv.mbkh, Nebraska Territory.
Samdki, W. Black, Governor of said Territory*
To all whom these pi events shall come, send greeting:
J. {sterling Moiton having received the largest number of
votes ca^t at the geneial election for Delegate in the Thhty-
Seventh Congie-s ot the United Stales,from the Territory
of Nebraska, held on the 9th day of October, A. D. 1860, is
hereby declared duly elected said Delegate in Congress
from the Territory aforet-aid.
Tim shall be, and is, the certificate of the said election
as Delegate m Congios tiom this Territory in the Thirty-
Seventh Congie-n of the United States.
In witness whereof, 1 have hereunto set my hand and
can-'ed to he affixed the gieat seal of the Territory
[l.s.J of Nehuska. Done at Omaha City, this 2d day of
Novenibei, m the veai of our Lord lb60.
"SAMUEL W. BLACK,
Governor oj Nebraska.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The House is evi-
dently 4n no condition to transact business just
now; and I therefore ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to give way to a motion to adjourn, if that
be the temper of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the House desires
to adjourn, I have no objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I had thought of submitting
amotion that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next; so that the Speaker, if
he desires it, may have time to arrange the com-
mittees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it makes no difference with him.
The motiop to adjourn was not agreed to.
\ Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
c&used to/fje read at the desk the certificate given
by\fhe Gfovernor of the Territory of Nebraska,
in November last, of the election of Mr. Morton.
This makes a prima facie case. According to the
law of the Territory, the votes for Delegate to
Congress are canvassed by the Governor, the
chief justice, and the district attorney. These
officers met and canvassed the votes in Novem-
ber. In accordance with that canvass, Mr. Mor-
ton received the certificate of election. Subsequent
to that time, and during the month of April last,
the Governor of the Territory, without the con-
sent or cooperation of either of the other canvass-
ers, undertook to revoke this first commission,
and issue another to Mr. Daily. He undertakes,
six months after he has performed all the duty
that he can perform, to revoke what has been done
by the legal authority, and of his own will to
make a Delegate here of another person.
I ask that the second certificate may be read,
that gentlemen may see that it bears upon its face
usurpation of power by the late executive of
Nebraska.
The certificate was read, as follows:
I, Samuel W. Black, Governor of Nebraska, do hereby
certify that, at an election held in the said Territory on
Tuesday, the Oth day of October, I860, for Delegate to the
Congress of the United States for the Thirty-Seventh Con-
fess, Samuel G. Daily was duly and lawfully elected Del-
egate to the said Congress; and whereas, after the canvass
of the votes at the said election, a certificate of election
was given to J. Steiling Morton, he having apparently the
highest numbei of votes, having nominally fourteen votes
more than Samuel G. Daily, the only opposing candidate ;
and it beinjr a fact that one hundred and twenty-two votes
were counted to the said J, Sterling Morton in what is
called the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court county,
that being the whole number of votes returned and claimed
as cast therein at the election afoiesaid.
And it futther appearing conclusively, since the date of
the said cam ass and certificate issued to the said J. Ster-
ling Morton, that the election in the said noithem precinct
of L'eau-qm-comt was a fraud thioughout, and should
have been lejected and not counted, which would have
shown a legal majority of one hundred and eight votes in
favor of the said Samuel G. Daily.
Thcrefoie, I, Samuel W. Black, Governor of Nebraska
Territoiy, do hereby revoke the ceitificate of election is-
sued, as aforesaid, to J. Steiling Moiton as Delegate in
Congress to the Thirty-Seventh Congiess, and do certify
that Samuel G. Daily"was, according to a fair and just
count, duly elected as Delegate to the Thirty-Seventh
Congiess of the United States for Nebraska Territory.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and
caused the great seal of the Teiritory to be affixed.
In. s.] Wjine<s my hand at Omaha, this20th day of April,
A. D. 1881.
SAMUEL W. BLACK.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Judge Black assumes
to decide what belongs to this House, and to this
House alone. Without a recount of votes, he
overturns the decision of the canvassers who by
law were entitled to count the votes. I will not
comment upon the fact that, by the organic law,
Samuel W. Black, as Governor of the Territory,
was bound to send whatever official act ho did to
the secretary's office to be recorded. This act
was never sent there. Hp first usurped the powers
of the canvassers, of this House, and of the per-
son who keeps the official seal for the laws of the
Territory, and attached it to this certificate with-
out ever sending the certificate to the office of the
secretary.
Every consideration of justice and light, Mr.
Speaker, ought to induce this House to permit
Mi. Morton to be sworn. Let the Committee of
Elections report the facts winch Governor Black
undertakes to decide*, and if true, the sense of
justice of this House will turn Mr. Morton out,
end put Mr. Daily in. Subsequent to the issuing
of the certificate to Mr. Morton, Mr. Daily gave
him notice of contest. They traversed the Ter-
ritory, and took depositions, Subsequent to the
time of this pretended certificate of Governor
Black, Mr. Daily again gave Mr/Morton notice
that he would take further testimony. He As-
sumed in May, after he had received this pre-
tended certificate, to give notice that he would
take further testimony to show that he had the
right to a seat in this House.
Now, what will be the effect upon Mr. Morton,
and upon the people of the Territory,-by not al-
lowing Mr. Morton to take his seat? According
to the law of Congress, Mr. Morton, having re-
ceives the certificate, gave no notice of contest.
Mr. Daily did; and testimony was taken. It is
right and proper that the case should go before
the committee. If Mr. daily is sworn in, Mr.
Morton has no power to contest his seat; for, ac-
cording to the law of Congress, the time in which
he could give that notice has long since expired.
No injustice is done to Mr. Daily, for he has
served upon Mr. Morton two notices—one within
thirty days after the election, and the other after he
received this pretended certificate—that he would
take depositions to support his claim here. But
if this House should turn Mr. Morton out, and
put Mr. Daily in, the voice of the people of Ne-
braska cannot be heard here, and no investigation
can be had. The fact that the second certificate
bears upon its face evidence that Governor Black
had assumed authority which did not belong to
him, ought to have put the Clerk upon his guard
against putting Mr. Daily's name upon the list.
I repeat, that no wrong is attempted to be done
Mr. Daily, or the people of Nebraska. I do not
undertake to say, for I do not know, anything
about the merits of this contest. Ali that I pre-
tend to say to the House is, that according to the
prima facie case—and upon that we have to act—
Mr. Morton has the clear, satisfactory, legal, and
only legal, evidence of the right to a seat upon
this floor.
The whole House*is familiar with the acts of
Congress under which this contest takes place.
I need not refer to the act which has heretofore
been read in your hearing. I need not refer to
the act which requires the acts of the Governor
of the Territory to be sent to the secretary of
the Territory, to be there recorded. What is
the fact here ? Mr. Morton comes here with a
certificate which he has had from November until
now. Mr. Black gives to Mr. Daily a certifi-
cate without sending it to the secretary's office to
be recorded, which he was bound to do if it was
an official act; and that certificate never saw the
light of day, so far as Mr. Morton knew, until
yesterday morning, when it is suddenly sprung
upon him. I will not allude to the causes—forit
is improper that I should do so—which led to the;
difficulties between the Governor and Mr. Mor-
ton. I propose only to look at the acts of this
Governor as they are presented by the public rec-
ords. I might state, sir, that there is in the tes-
timony in the case here upon file the sworn state-
ment of Governor Black, which contradicts the
certificate which he has given to Mr. Daily. I do
not feel, sir, that this is the place to characterize
such conduct as he has been guilty of in this mat-
ton. I only say that Mr. Morton has clearly
and conclusively the prima facie right to the seat.
That is all this House is called upon to decide
now.
Mr. CONWAY. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
simple case, and may be very briefly and simply
stated. There was an election in the Territory
of Nebraska on the 9th of October, 1860, for Dele-
gate to Congress. There were two candidates in
that election, Mr. Morton and Mr. Daily. Upon
the first count of the ballots, Mr. Morton seemed
to have received a majority of nineteen of the
votes cast. Accordingly the Governor,asrequired
by the organic act of the Territory, issued to Mr.
Morton a certificate of election—that is, a docu-
ment stating to this House that Mr. Morton had
received a majority of the votes cast in that elec-
tion. It subsequently appeared, however, as is
acknowledged by the gentleman on the other side,
that one hundred and twenty-two of the votes Cast
in the northern precinct'of a certain county in the
Territory were fraudulent votes. This having
been demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Gov-
ernor, he reconsidered the certificate of election
to Mr. Morton,and issued one to Mr. Daily. The
one hundred and twenty-two votes which were
fraudulently cast having been thrown out, placed
Mr. Daily in a majority.
The only question which comes before the
