1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
notice that he would contest his right to a seat
upon this floor,and he proceeded to take evidence
accordingly. After Mr. Daily had finished taking
testimony in support of his claim, Ml*. Morton
proceeded to take evidence in support of his right''
as declared by his certificate; and at the end of
sixty days, this mutual examination of witnesses
was closed by law.
Now, some time after the close of that period,
Mr. Daily served, or undertook to serve, another
notice upon Mr. Morton, and accordingly pro-
ceeded to take other and additional testimony,
which, I suppose, forms the basis upon which his
subsequent certificate was issued. Whether this
evidence was competent, whether it afforded a
sufficient basis for the second certificate, is a ques-
tion for the Committee of Elections to consider
and for the House to decide. As for myself, I
think it was unauthorized and amounts to nothing.
Again: I wish to call the attention of the House
to the fact that it was after Governor Black had
issued the second certificate to Mr. Daily, that that
gentleman served upon Mr. Morton the second
notice that he would take testimony; thus recog-'
nizing the validity of Mr. Morton's certificate,
and the fact that he had a prima facie right to a
seat in this body. But now, by some operation,
the relation of the parties is changed, and Mr.
Morton made the contestant, while Mr. Daily is
to be made the sitting member. The effect of
such a change is not only to give Mr. Daily the
seat in dispute, but to deny Mr. Morton of all
right, under existing law, to contest it. Such
must be the effect, because the thirty days allowed
by law, in. which to give notice of his intention to
contest the seat, has elapsed. Now, is such a
procedure right? Is it just? Is it fair?
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to distinguish this case from
the Oregon case of yesterday, in which the House
decided that a certificate given by the Governor
of Oregon some six months after he had given a
certificate to another person, was itself prima facie
evidence upon which the member producing it
should be sworn in. If the argument of the gen-
tleman, that the Governor of Nebraska had per-
formed his duty so that he could not afterwards
issue a second certificate to another person, is good
now, then certainly it was good yesterday; and
if the House would preserve Us consistency, there
is no other way for it except to retrace its step of
yesterday, or swear in Mr. Daily now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question by asking him another. 1 be-
lieve the gentleman is a sound lawyer, and I ask
him whether he affirms the proposition, that when
an executive officer has issued a certificate of elec-
tion upon returns made, canvassed by the can-
vassers, and the Delegate elected has received the
certificate, the same officer can afterwards set it
aside and issue another?
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that the
gentleman has answered my question at all. I
understand my friend to put a question to me in
answer to mine. I answer the gentleman that I
believe no such thing. I agree with the gentle-
man from Illinois precisely. I only say that the
House yesterday set the precedent that it would
five the seat, as a prima facie case, to the man who
ore the last certificate from the same Governor;
and if the House desires to preserve its consist-
ency, I said they must do one of two things: either
retrace the steps taken yesterday, or swear in
Mr. Daily. That is all I said. I do notexpress
any opinion upon this question, and the argument
of the gentleman from Illinois I do not controvert.
I desired to call the attention ofthe House to their
action yesterday. I stood up alone here in the
House in voting against that proposition yester-
day, when the House, !*<y an almost unanimous
vote, decided that the gentleman in the Oregon
case bearing the last certificate of the Governor
should be sworn in.
Mr. McCLERNAND. In answer to the gen-
tleman, I would state respectfully that he begs
the whole question in his statement of it. Upon
what authority does he assume that the House
decided the Oregon ease y cstei day upon the ground
he has stated? All that was said upon that sub-
ject was what I said on one side, and the simple
motion made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Hutchins] on the Other, to lay the resolution
which I had moved on the table. That resolution
suspended the right of both of the contestants from
Oregon to take a seat until the House had decided
between them.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say there was
no other ground to put it upoii.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did that ground exist?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind
gentlemen that conversation between them is out
of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. In regard to what the
gentleman from'Massachusetts has said, I wish
to -say further, that I do not believe you can find
a man within the precincts of this Capitol who
will seriously affirm that the election under which
Mr. Thayer took his seat upon this floor yester-
day was had under any shadow or color of au-
thority. It was purely a voluntary act; a gratu-
itous matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The caseputby
the gentleman from Massachusetts is not at all
analogous to the present case. The question now
discussed is, whether a Governor can give two
successive certificates for the same election;
whether, having executed his duty in one elec-
tion, he may afterwards reverse his action and
give another certificate. Thatis the presentcase.
In the case yesterday that kind of action did not
come in question. In the Oregon case, as I recol-
lect, the Governor gave one certificate upon one
election. Afterwards there was another election,
in reference to which the Governor gave another
certificate. The second certificate was based upon
an election entirely independent of the election
upon which the first certificate was based. It was
the duty of the Governor,in each case where there
had been an election, or an assumed election, to
issue a certificate. Now, in this case, while I
contend that the Governors duties ceased at the
giving of the first certificate, yet, if there had
been another election by the people, it would have
been his duty, under the law, to give a certificate
of the number of votes cast. Then it would be
a parallel case to that put by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, there is this dif-
ference between the case yesterday^and the case
to-day, and this difference only: in the case yes-
terday the Governor of Oregon issued two certifi-
cates without stating in the last certificate the
reason why he gave two certificates to two indi-
viduals that they had been elected to the same
seat m Congress. That was the case yesterday.
I understand the reason to be that between the
issuing of the two certificates the Governor had
a quarrel with the man to whom he had given
the first certificate, and therefore he gave a cer-
tificate to the second one. I suppose the fact that
there were two elections makes no difference. It
depends upon the question whether there was a-ny
law for the second election or not. If the fact
that a man gets up an election, or that a body of
men, without the sanction of law, get together
and vote for a man, imposes upon the Governor
an obligation to issue a certificate to that man that
he is elected according to law, then I suppose I
can get up an election now in the district of my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. TCei.i.ogg]—it is not
too late—and I can impose thereby upon the Gov-
ernor of Illinois the obligation to give me a cer-
tificate that I am elected to represent that district.
I suppose my friend would be content with the
certificate that he has got, as Mr. Shiel was con-
tent with the certificate he had got that he had
been elected according to law.
The truth is, that there could be'but one time
to hold an election for Congress in the State of
Oregon; whether it was the time when Mr. Shiel
was elected, or the time when Mr. Thaver was
elected, it is not. proper for us to decide now.
But one or the other was the proper time. When
the Governor had certified once that the first man
was elected, and elected according to law, he had
discharged his duty. Hchad no authority to as-
sume that an election, not according to the forms
of State law, imposed upon lum the obligation to
give a new certificate.
Now, here is a case precisely like that, except
with this difference, that the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska has seen fit to insert in his
second certificate what he deemed to be a sufficient
reason why he should issue a new certificate. In
the case of Oiegon, the Governor of the State did
not take any notice of the fact, in his second cer-
tificate, that he had given a certificate before. If
the Governor of the Territory of Nebraska had
simply given Mr. Daily a naked certificate, with-
out stating any reason whatever, Mr. Daily would
have come here precisely as Mr. Thayer came
here from Oregon. He would have had a certifi-
cate bearing date six months after the certificate
given to Mr. Morton. I say, therefore, that the
cases are precisely alike, with this simple differ-
ence: that the Governor of Nebraska, in this case,
saw fit to insert in his last certificate the reason
which influenced him in granting it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I admit the ingenuity
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. Never-
theless, I think he has failed to establish the
identity or the resemblance between the case of
yesterday and the one of to-day. As was cor-
rectly observed by my colleague, [Mr. Kellogg,]
in the Oregon case there were two elections, ana
the Governor of Oregon issued a certificate upon
each election, and each election afforded thereason
why the certificate issued upon it was issued.
There was but one election in the Territory of
Nebraska, and the Governor of Nebraska has
undertaken to issue two certificates upon that one
election. Under these circumstances how is it
possible to establish a parallel between the two
cases? The gentleman has endeavored to do so,
and has thrown some mist around the question;
but he certainly has failed in his object. The
gentleman was with me yesterday, or I was with
him; and I hold that he ought, in consistency,,to
be with me to-day. We agreed yesterday that
thefirstcertificate issued was the one which ought
to control the action of the House. The gentle-
man shakes his head. At all events we agreed
that the action of the House was incorrect, under
the circumstances; and we ought to labor to-day
to enlighten it, and induce it to correct the error,
which it committed. I know it is a rather hope-
less undertaking, nevertheless we ought not to
despair. It is our duty to persist in the effort to
vindicate right.
There could be no greater usurpation of power
than has been committed by the Governor of
Nebraska in this case. He has not only assumed
to go behind the result as declared by the three
canvassers when two of them were absent; but,
as I before observed, he has usurped the consti-
tutional prerogative of this House to judge the
returns, qualifications, and election of its mem-
bers. What more dangerous usurpation could
there be than this? What safety can there be
under the sanction of such a precedent?
Now, Mr. Speaker, one or two words more,
and I have done. I really did notknow the poli-
tics of either of these contestants until a moment
or two ago. I do not know at this moment what
are the politics of Mr. Daily. I do not want to
know. This is purely a legal question presented
to this House for its consideration and determ-
ination. Will it set aside the regular certificate,
showing that Mr .-Morton received a majority of
the votes cast and was duly elected, and give the
seat to another gentleman who has no apparent
right to it, thus depriving Mr, Morton of all
chance of contesting the seat with Mr. Daily?
Will it do this? I hope not, in respcct for itself,
if not in regard to justice and right. If my col-
league's motion fails, Mr. Morton will be denied
of all remedy; while on the other hand, if he is
allowed to take the seat in controversy tempo-
rarily, the contest will still go on, because Mr.
Daily is in court; because he will still be in a
position enabling him to have the evidence on the
Clerk's desk referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and to invoke the decision of the House
upon it. I repeat, that I think the equity as well
as the right of the case requires that the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Richardson] should
be adopted. I did not intend when I rose to say
half as much as I have said, and I will now take
my seat.
Mr. TRAIN. I move the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to hear a simple sug-
gestion.
The SPEitKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. TRAIN. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make a sim-
ple request, if the House will permit me to do it.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
demand for the previous question is insisted
upon.
