16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6.
•The previous question was .seconded, and the
raain question-ordered.
The question being first upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Richardson to Mr. Conway's
motion,
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays. /
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order now to move
to lay the motion on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. The result of that would be,
I presume, that the gentleman whose name was
placed on the roll by the Clerk would be sworn
in.
The SPEAKER. That would depend on the
action of-the House afterwards.
Mr. STEVENS. If the motion to lay upon
the table should prevail, that would be the result
—would it not,5
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. The motion to lay upon
the table is in order. Does the gentleman make it?
Mr. STEVENS. I make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he had better allow this question to be
disposed of by a direct vote. His motion will
probably involve two votes.
Mr, STEVENS. Very well. I withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Richardson's
amendment; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 57, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—AHon, Anrona, Joseph Bailey, Ream an,
George II. Browne, Burnett, Calvert, Cobb, Cooper, Cra-
vens, Cnshehl, Dawes, Delano, Duniap, English, Fisher,
Fonke, Oritior, llnight, Haulm}:, Harrison, Holman, Jaek-
• son, Johnson,William kellogu, Law, Luzoar, Leary, Leh-
man, Logan, MeUlemaiul, Merles, Moms, Noble, Noell,
Noiloii, OdHK CJeoige H. Pendleton, IViry, Itei<l,)liehui<l-
son, Jiolmwmt, James y Rollins, Sheffield, Smith, John 11.
Stud, William (J. Steel, Benjamin P. Thomas, Vnllandig-
Jinin, Vihlmui, Voorhees, \Vai<l, Webhtei, Chilton A.
White, Wiekhfle, WooilruiJ', and Wrujlit—57
NAYS—Messn. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Hiugham, Francis P. Blair,'Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buftinton, (Jlininlieilaiu, Coll'ax, Fiedeiiek A. Conkling,
Iloseoe Colliding, tJomvuy, Covorie, (Antler, Davis, Dtiell,
Kdgerton, Edwards, Eliot,, Kenton, Fessetiden, Franehot,
Fiank, Gooch, Granger, Cnrley, Hale, Horton, Ilutelnns,
Julian, Kellny. Loumis, Lovejoy, AleKmght, Mel'herson,
Murslon, MUcliH!,Mooiheail, Au?on P. Morrill, Justin S.
Morrill, Olin, Pulton, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John If.
Itice, Uiddk\Ed\vutd II. Rolljn.s, Sedgwick, Sh<ink>, Sliel-
fnlx-rger, .Sherman, SJ«i;in, Spaulditig, Sievens, Siraiton,
France Thomas, Thayei, Ti;un,Ti huhle, Trow budge,Van
iliiine, \au V.tlkeiilmmh, Veirce, Wall, Wallace, riiarlet)
W. Walron, K. P. Walton, Washbuinc, Albeit S. White,
and Windom—7.0.
So tln> amendment was rejected.
Mr. Conway's motion was adopted.
Mr. CONWAY moved to reconsider the vote
by which tlie motion was adopted;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid uiioii the
table.
The latter motion was ngited to.
Hon. Samcei, G. Daily appeared and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
l>0itxs OF ENTRY IN REBELLIOUS STATUS, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS. I give notice that I will to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
; bring in a bill to repeal the laws creating ports of
entry ill the rebellions Slates; and also a bill
. erecting a judicial district out of Virginia and
North Carolina, Court to be held at Wheeling and
other points.
The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
rule.
STATIONERY.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Jlcsohed, That the member and Delegates of this House
be allowed, at thw sc-^ion, the ^amc sum lor >«ta-
tionciy and newspapers that is usually allowed at a short
session of Confess.
Mr. Speaker, the act of Congress makes no
allowance for tins session, and I have therefore
oitured the resolution before the House to cure
that defect. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VAN WYCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. *
soldiers' letters ekee.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I offer.the following bill,
and hope that, there will be no objection to its
passage.
The Clerk read it, as fpl!ow§:
Be it enacted, #c., That the colonel of every regiment
now or hereafter to be in the service of the United States
shall appoint the chaplain of his regiment, and in case
there be no chaplain, then any other person he may deem
competent, to act as postmaster for the regiment, whose
duty it shall be, without receiving or being entitled to any
compensation therefor, to frank with his name all letteis
and papers not weighing over one ounce for all officers,
musicians, or privates in said service. AH letters and
papers so fianked shall be carried free of postage.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any letter or
paper directed to any officer, musician, or private in said
service, addressed to the regiment to which such person
belongs, shall be carried tree of postage in all mails or
boxes put up to reccive letters and papers to be carried .to
the post offices or mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all letters and,
papers dnected to any officer, musician, marine, or sailor,
in the service of the United States, directed to the station
or ship where he may be serving, shall be earned free of
postage in all the mails and boxes put up for the put pose
of receiving letters and papers to be carried to the post
offices and mails of the United States.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be tl further enacted, That the appointment
rufuried to in the first section of this act shall, by said
postmaster, be tiled in the office of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust that that bill will not
be pressed on this occasion. While I approve its
general objects, yet there may bo some schcme
hereafter suggested which will better secure the
puipose designed. At any rate, the bill cannot
pass without debate, and I hope that it will be
withdrawn for the present.
Mr. BURNETT. We have had enough of
this franking privilege, and I object to the intro
duction of the bill.
And then, on motion of Mr. PERRY, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July G, 18G1.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SEltG IS ANT-AT-AKMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT administered the
oath of office to Georgk T. Brown, Esq., yes-
terday elected Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper
of the Senate, and ho entered upon the discharge
of his duties.
ELECTION OF ASSISTANT DOORKEEPER.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the election of an Assistant Doorkeeper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate to proceed to the election of an
Assistant Doorkeeper?
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to ballot.
The ballots being collected and canvassed,
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the result
as follows:
Whole number of votes, 40; necessary to an
election, 21; of which—
Kiiiie Ba^sptt received .30
Cluules Jones  8
Uhailes T.. Jones  2
Mr. Hassett, having received a majority of the
whole number of votes cast, was declared duly
elected Assistant Doorkeeper of the Senate. The
oath of office was administered to him by the Vice
President, and he entered upon the discharge of
his duties.
THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE. I want to present a resolution,
which I shall not ask to have acted on this morn-
ing; but let it be read for information, and lie over.
The Acting Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a eommitteo of three be appointed by the
Chair to consider the expediency and practicability of so
altering and changing the conduction ot tlie present Cham-
ber foi the use ot the Senate, tlj.it It may he made a coin-
foil able and convenient place tor the meeting of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I give notice that in a day or
two I shall call up the resolution. That matter
was referred by the Senate to a committee last
year, or the year before, and they reported. While
I am up, I want to say, and let it go for what it
is worth—and I am ready to stake what little rep-
utation belongs to me on it—this is the worst, the
most inconvenient, uncomfortable, and unhealthy
place that ever I was in in all ray life, for holding
the sessions of a public body ; and I do not believe
human ingenuity can make it worse than it is.
NOTICE OB1 A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas.' I desire to give notice
that I will, on Monday next, or some subsequent
day, ask leave tQ introduce a bill directing, from
and after the 1st day of August, 1861, command-
ers in the Army and Navy of the United States
to assemble, from their several commands, courts-
martial, and defining the duties and jurisdiction
of said courts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1) to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 2)
to increase the present military establishment of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 3)
providing for the better organization of the mili-
tary establishment; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed.
He also, in pursuance of.previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5)
for the organization of a volunteer militia force, to
be called the National Guard of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered to
be printed.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 1) to approve and confirm certain acts of
the President of the United States, for suppress-
ing insurrection and rebellion; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
RETIRED LIST.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. IJo. 4)
to promote the efficiency of the Army; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that bill be re-
ferred to a select committee, and I propose that it
be a large one, to be composed of nine members.
My reason for this motion I will state very briefly.
I have looked into the bill which has been submit-
ted by the Senator from Massachusetts. I have
Uo doubt that the efficiency of the Army, and the
best interests of the country, require that there
should be aretired listof the Army, as is provided
for in the bill. Of course, I have no judgment to
pronounce as to the details of the bill; I have no
criticism to make upon that subject.
I am aware, sir, that some of the commanders of
regiments in the regular service are utterly inca-
pacitated for the performance of their duty, and
they ought to be retired upon some terms, and
efficient men placcd in their stead. Butthesame
reason that picvails for the creation of a retired
list in the Army, prevails to quite as great an ex-
tent, and I think to a greater extent, m regard to
officers of the Navy. I therefore desire that this
bill may be referred to a committee composed of
nine members, for the purpose of applying it not
only to the Army officers, but to the Navy offi-
cers also. There is a relative rank existing be-
tween the officers in the two services, and I want
the same justice done to the officers in the one
service as shall be done to the officers in the other
service.
The bill submitted by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts provides that after an officer has seen
forty years' service, he may voluntarily retire on
agtven pay. Now, sir, if you will examine your
Navy Register, you will see that ihere is not a
single captain in the American Navy that has not
been more than forty-two years in the service.
There is also a provision in the bill, that the
head of the Army may direct a board to assemble,
composed of officers of the line and medical offi-
cers, to pass upon the cooipetcncy of any officer
as to his mental, military, and physical abilities
to discharge the dudes of his office. The same
