1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10
and safety of his country. He was not ashamed
to appeal to his God in the hour of threatening
calamity. The marked characteristic of his life
was his high moral and upright character, and
his implicit reliancc on the Divine revelations to
man. He w(as eminently a pious man: what a
noble coronet for his manly brow ! The last con-
versation I remember to have had with my de-
ceased friend was upon the subject of the perpe-
tuity of the American Union. Though at that
time weak in body and emaciated in form, when
he eame to talk upon the subject of the American
Union it seemed as though he spoke with the
spirit of inspiration. At all events, it made an
impression upon my mind, and that impression
has never been effaced, and I pray God it never
may be.
As a private citizen, as an individual at the
head of the community in which he resided—and
it is saying considerable for me to place him at
the head of a community of thirty thousand peo-
ple—there was no man who entertained the con-
fidence of that community to a greater extent than
did George W. Scranton. The demonstration
that was made upon his burial exceeded anything
of the kind I ever beheld in a rural district. Some
seven or eight thousand people, from the length
and breadth of that large district, came together
to pay their last homage to their departed friend.
Some of them came to pay their homage to a great
and illustrious citizen; some as friends; some as
relatives; but above all, came the numberless
train of laboring men, women and children, to pay
their homage to the man who had been their bene-
factor; who had fed and clothed them.
On the day of his funeral obsequies, the city pre-
sented one univeisal scene of mourning, for there
was scarcely one building of that city of eight ox-
ten thousand inhabitants that did not bear the
emblems of mourning. The lintel of almost every
door was draped, and sadness and sorrow were
depicted on all the faces of the countless multitude,
it was indeed a day of general grief. It was a
day of sorrow—not affected, but deep, sincere,
and actual. The great man of the city had fallen;
and the whole people gathered in sorrow about
his bier. All kinds of business were suspended;
the din and clatter and hum of industry, of ma-
chinery, of the coal shafts, of the lumbering Ioco>
motives that pass to and fro there at all hours of
the day and night. On that day all was silent,
and but one theme was upon every tongue—the
sad occasion which had brought them together.
George W. Scranton was as patriotic a man
as ever lived and breathed in this Union. He was
as generous in his impulses, he was as correct in
his business, he was as pure in his integrity, he
was as upright in his morals, he was as fervent
in his religion as any of the one hundred thousand
souls in the district which he represented. How
great is my pleasure in being able to say such
things as these of the man who went before me,
and whose seat I occupy to-day! Howgratifying
to my heart that I am able to speak thus, under
the circumstances under which I am placed to-day!
I shall conclude my remarks in regard to my
lamented friend—for he was my friend; I enjoyed
his confidence, as he enjoyed mine, for a long
pciiod of time. I will close these few remarks
by reading the conclusion of an obituary which
I prepared, at the instance of his family, a few
days after his burial. In speaking of his grave,
1 concluded with this sentence, every word of
which is marked with the impress of truth:
<c His lemains repose in (ho cemetery near the town of
his own founding, and bearing his own name. It is ap-
ptopnate that his sepultuie should be on that ppot. Let
tbo^o who live now, or who .shall in years to come, when
they appioaeh his giave, leflect that if they ran hut imi-
tate the noble vntues and possess the manly attuhmcs
winch once wanned the lieait of the man who peacetully
. j-lmiibrrs there, they will have leached as ncaily the sum-
mit of human perfection as is compatible with the Ra-
tine and constitution of man. Iii« amiable social qualities,
business habits, and Christian values, termed a model
worthy of universal imitation."
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved* That tln  House has heard with profound ro-
gret the announcement of the death of Hon. George W.
fcjCKANTON, hue a member thereof irom the twelfth congres-
sional disttict ot the Htate of Pennsylvania; a gentleman
distinguished no le-^ for his personal vntuc-* than for his
honoiable official career; and that it tenders to the family
and relatives of the deceased, and to Ins late constituents,
to whom he was endeated as a Itiend and benefactor, its
sincere sympathies foi their great bereavement.
Resolved, That in respect to the memory of the lamented
deceased, the members and officers of this House will wear
the usual badge of mourning foi thirty days.
Resolved. That the Clerk ot this House communicate a
copy of these resolutions to the Senate, and a copy also to
the family of the decea:-<ed.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect, this House
do now adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, if, on the battle-
field, it is fitting that the conflict of arms should
be hushed, while those who have fallei>are buried,
it is even more appropriate that we should pause,
amid the excitement of legislation, to pay the last
tribute of respect to one so worthy as our late
associate, whom we mourn to-day. It was my
good fortune to be numbered among the circle of
his intimate friends; and never have I known one
worthier of the most unbounded confidence and
the sincerost friendship and regard. Genial in his
intercourse with his associates, he was one of
those men in whose presence you always feel as
if sunshine is radiating from them. Unswerving
in whatever lie considered the path of duty, he
disarmed all hostility by the amenity of his man-
ners and the evident sincerity of his convictions.
And faithful to what he regarded as the interests
of his constituents, he snapped the frail hold he
had on life by the wearing exhaustion of public
duties and personal effort. From the arena of
action here, he went home, with exhausted frame,
to look again on the bustling, active city which
bears his name, to greet once more the loved ones
of his household, and then to turn his face to the
wall and to die.
And yet, grieving as we do over our loss, we
mingle with it rejoicings at the enviable history our
friend has left behind him. Some men eat, drink,
and arc merry, and when they pass away the
record of their lives is a blank. Others commingle
with energy or talent an aptitude for evil, or a
weakness of moral purpose which destroys their
usefulness, if, indeed, it does not plunge them into
crime. But our friend has left behind him a far
different record. He was of that class of men—
would that it were larger—eminently constructive
and creative in their character, who prove by their
acts, more eloquent than words, that they do not
live in vain. Such are the men who found na-
tions, so many of whom history commemorates.
Such are the men who consolidate States into
powerful governments, like the lamented Cavour.
And though our departed friend aspired to no such
companionship as this, and was as modest in his
statesmanship in these Halls as he was in his
personal bearing at home, yet his deeds prove
that he was of this very type of man to whom the
world owes so much.
His history is written where even the corroding
tooth of time cannot efface it, in the Valley of the
Lackawanna. There, his energy and daring pro-
duced results almost as magical as the stories of
Aladdin's lamp. What was the wilderness but
a few years since, now teems withabusy, active
population; who, in the bowels of the earth, or in
the glowing furnace, are developing its cxhaustless
resources, and convcrtingits hidden treasures into
gold and bread. Cities and villages rise up to fill
what before was but a blank on the map of our
country; and the trail of the hunter gives place to
that wondious illustration of power—the ponder-
ous locomotive, as it thunders with its attendant
train over its daily path.
Nor is this all. Not only do his works praise
him there, and his manly bearing and spotless
worth cause those praises to be echoed here, but
he has a home m hearts, which, though humble,
have throbbed with joy at his presence and sor-
row at his death, as if^hey were brothers. In
those humble tenements where, at a great revul-
sion, involving widespread industrial'distress, he
sought out the poor, whose arm of labor had been
paralyzed, and though crippled himself by the re-
verses of trade, relieved the wants of hundreds,
the name of Scranton shall be loved as long as
gratitude endures.
I will not enter the household which his ab-
sence has made so lonely and so desolate. Only
six months ago, it was my good fortune to be in
its midst, and to enjoy the hospitality and com-
panionship of one whom I had so soon learned to
love and admire. In that sacred circle of home,
it was evident that affection filled it from heaith-
stone to roof-trec. His heart, full of warm and
generous impulse, proved there a well-spring of
joy. True, since then, he has been removed to
another sphere. But he was ready for the mes-
senger of death. Providence, in kindness, h'tid
frequently warned him that at any hour, in the
very midst of active life, the pitcher, in his case,
might su.ddenly be broken at the fountain;and ais
he bent the knee, morning and evening, in ths
midst of his family, before the Father of us all,
he seemed always, ready for the last of earth,and
his d^ing hour proved that his reliance had" not
been in vain. Why then sorrow, after such a
life, crowned with such usefulness—and such a
death, crowned with such immortal hope?
Oh! mourn him not; the voice of wo
Befits not this, his triumph-hour.
Freed from the earth's corrupt control,'
The trials of a world like tins.
Joy! l'or his disembodied soul
Drinks at the fount of perfect bliss.
Mr. STRATTON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot al-
low the present occasion to pass without adding
a word of tribute to the memory of our deceased
friend. For several years of his life, Colonel
Scranton was an active and influential citizen of
New Jersey; and, although I knew him well by
reputation, I had not the pleasure of making his
personal acquaintance until the commencement of
the last Congress. He was among the first of ray
associates upon this floor whose acquaintance I
formed—an acquaintance which soon ripened into
a warm friendship, that continued without inter-
ruption until his death. v
I do not intend, Mr. Speaker, in the few re-
marks which I shall make, to indulge in eulogistic
strains upon the character of the deceased. The
best and highest compliment which can be paid
to the memory of George W. Scranton is to
speak of him as he was.
To those who knew him as I did, no word of
praise is neccssary. He enjoyed few advantages
of education. Long before ho reached manhood,
circumstances compelled,him to engage in the
stern and active business of life. He met the re-
sponsibility with an intelligence and energy far
beyond his years; and thus, at an early age, he
became self-reliant, knowing that his success in
life must depend upon his own unaided exertions.
That success which always attends a determined
will, combined with an unwavering integiity,
marked liis footsteps.
The beautiful town which bears his name, and
which sprang, as it were, by the influence of his
magic wand, out of the wilderness, is but one of
the many instances of his successful prosecution
of every project in which lie embarked. Truly
may it be said of him that he caused " the wilder-
ness to blossom as the rose."
Practical good sense, love towards his fellow-
men, unbounded generosity, and a most scrupu-
lous sense of honor, were the leading traits of his
character. Cool and clear-headed, with a vigor-
ous and well-balanced mind, I have rarely known
any one in whose judgment I would place more
implicit reliance than in that of George W. Scran-
ton. His manners were ever kind and courteous.
He had a pleasant word and winning smile for all
whom he met. No friend in distress ever applied
to him for assistance who did not leave him with
a lightened heart. His honor was above suspi-
cion. He had the hearts of all his people. In his
first canvass for Congiess, although living in a
district strongly Democratic, he was returned by
an overwhelmingmajority. All party lines were
broken down; and men of all classes and parties
seemed to vie each with the other in testifying
their affection for and confidence in Colonel
Scranton. His brief career as a member of this
House proves that they knew the man, and that
their confidence was not misplaced. Although
rarely taking a part in debate, no member devoted
himself more untiringly to the measures of legis-
lation before the last Congress than did Colonel
Scranton. To hisconstanteffortsare the people
of his State greatly indebted for the passage of the
tariff which they so much desired.
When the national calamity which is now upon
us was seen in the distance, he was greatly trou-
bled, and devoted much time m endeavoring to
devise some plan by which it might be averted.
Although true.to his principles, and the last man
to betray the trusts confuted in him, he felt (as
many of his friends did) that he would best carry
out the wishes of his constituents, and satisfy his
own conscience, by supporting such fair and
honorable measures as should satisfy the Soutb>
and restore peace to the country. Hence he not
