THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Cornelius L. L. Leary of Maryland, and Wil-
liam P. Sheffield of Rhode Island.
On Public Lands—John F. Potter of Wiscon-
sin, John Covode of Pennsylvania, Clement L.
"Vallandigham of Ohio, George W. Julian of In-
diana, Carey A. Trimble of Ohio, William Yan-
dever of Iowa, Francis W. Kellogg of Michigan,
John W. Crisfield of Maryland, and George C.
Woodruff of Connecticut.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Schuyler
Colfax of Indiana, John E. Alley of Massachu-
setts, Charles A. Wickliffe of Kentucky, Anson
P. Morrill of Maine, William Windom of Min-
nesota, Harrison G. Blake of Ohio, Chauncey
Vibbard of New York, Rowland E. Trowbridge
of Michigan, and Elijah H. Norton of Missouri.
For the District of Columbia—Roscoe Conkling
of New York, Charles Delano of Massachusetts,
James M. Ashley of Ohio, Charles B. Calvert of
Maryland, Richard Franchotof New York, Ed-
ward H. Rollins of New Hampshire, William
Morris Davis of Pennsylvania, and Charles H.
XJpton of Virginia.
On the Judiciary—John A. Bingham of Ohio,
George H. Pendleton of Ohio', William Kellogg
of Illinois, Albert G. Porter of Indiana, John S.
Carlile of Virginia, Benjamin F. Thomas of Mas-
sachusetts, Henry May of Maryland,and Alex-
ander S. Diven of New York.
On Revolutionary Claims—R. Holland Duell of
New York, Sydney Edgerton of Ohio, Thomas
B. Cooper of Pennsylvania, John H. Rice of
Maine, William Wall of New York, Nehomiah
Perry of New Jersey, Henry Grider of Kentuc-
ky, Alfred G. Riddle of Ohio, Anson P. Morrill
of Maine.
On Public Expenditures—John Covode of Penn-
sylvania, Thomas M. Edwards of New Hamp-
shire, James E. Kerrigan of New York, Charles
R. Train of Massachusetts, William Windom of
Minnesota, Edwin H. Webster of Maryland,
George W. Julian of Indiana, Luther Hanchctt
of Wisconsin, Chilton A. White of Ohio.
Oil Private Land Claims—Samuel S. Blair of
Pennsylvania, Sidney lidgerton of Ohio, John
W. Noell of Missouri, Luther Hanchctt of AVis-
consin, Burt Van Horn of New York, John P.
C. Shanks of Indiana, Charles W. Waltpn of
Maine, Samuel Shellabarger of Ohio, and Jesse
Lazear of Pennsylvania.
On Manufactures—John Hutching of Ohio,
James K. Moorhead of Pennsylvania, Kdward
Haight of Now York, John B. Alley of Massa-
chusetts, Albert G. Sorter of Indiana, Alfred Ely
of New York, Isaac N. Arnold of Illinois,Syden-
ham E. Ancona of Pennsylvania, and William
G. Brown of Virginia.
On Agriculture—Owen Lovejoy of Illinois,
Dwight Loomis of Connecticut,'Charles B. Cal-
vert of Maryland, Edward II. Smith of New
York, Jacob P. Chamberlain of New York, John
P. C. Shanks of Indiana, Joseph Hmly of Penn-
sylvania, Samuel T. Worcester of Ohio, and
Cyrus Aldnch of Mmnraolii.
On Indian Affairs—Cyrus Aldnch of Minne-
sota, Thomas M. Edwards of Now Hampshire,
Robert Mallory of Kentucky, Martin F. Conway
of Kansas, William Mitchell of Indiana, Moses
F. Odell of New York, William E. Lansing of
New York, John Patton of Pennsylvania, and
Andrew J. Thayer, of Oregon.
On Military .'Ifjhin—Francis I'. Blair, jr., of
Missouri, William A. Richardson of Illinois,
James BufRiiton of Massachusetts, Abraham B.
01 in of Now York, William Allen of Ohio, Gil-
man Marston of New Hampshire, Hendric.lt Ii.
Wright of Pennsylvania, and James S. Jackson
of Kentucky.
On the Militia—Robert B. Van Valkenburgh of
New York, William M. Dunn of Indiana, Syden-
ham E. Ancona of Pennsylvania, Charles Del-
anoof Massachusetts, Charles J. Biddle of Penn-
sylvania, Richard A. Harrison of Ohio, William
G. Brown of Virginia, William P. Cutler of Ohio,
and John N. Goodwin of Maine.
On Naval Affairs—Charles B. Sedgwick of
New York, Alexander H. Rice of Massachusetts,
Philip B. Fouke of Illinois, James K. Moorhead
of Pennsylvania, James E. English of Connecti-
cut, John P. Verree of Pennsylvania, Frederick -
A. Pike of Maine,Frederick A. Conklingof New j
York, anil William H. Wadsworth of Kentucky. I
On Foreign Affairs—John J. Crittenden of Ken- j
tue)(y, Daniel W. Gooch of Massachusetts, Sam- !
uel S. Cox of Ohio, Albert S. White of Indiana,
Robert McKnight of Pennsylvania, Alfred A.
Burnham of Connecticut, Francis Thomas of
Maryland, Theodore M. Pomeroy of New York,
and George P. Fisher of Delaware.
On the Territories—James M. Ashley of Ohio,
Charles H. Van Wyck of New York, James A.
Cravens of Indiana, William Kellogg of Illinois,
Fernando C. Beaman of Michigan, John W. Reid
of Missouri, A. Scott Sloan of Wisconsin, Gold-
smith F. Bailey of Massachusetts, and Aaron
Harding of Kentucky.
Oil Revolutionary Pensions—Charles H. Van
Wyck of New York, Samuel S. Blair of Penn-
sylvania, John S. Carlile of Virginia, John F..
Potter of Wisconsin, William Morris Davis of
Pennsylvania, John B. Steele of New York,
Bradley F. Granger of Michigan, John Law of
Indiana, and Willianj G. Steele of New Jersey.
On Invalid Pensions—Alfred Ely of NewYork,
Socrates N. Sherman of New York, John A. Lo-
gan of Illinois, Rjchard A. Harrison of Ohio,
William P. Cutler of Ohio, Kellian V. Whaley of
Virginia, John N. Goodwin of Maine, Benjamin
Wood of New York, George T. Cobb of New
Jersey.
On Roads and Canals—Robert Mallory of Ken-
tucky, John A. Gurley of Ohio, James T. Hale
of Pennsylvania, Burt Van Horn of New York,
Isaac N. Arnold of Illinois, Robert H. Nugen of
Ohio, Stephen Baker of New York, Philip John-
son of Pennsylvania, Fernando C. Beaman of
Michigan.
On Patents—William McKee Dunn of Indiana,
John'H. Rice of Maine, Stephen Baker of New
York, Philip Johnson of Pennsylvania, and War-
ren P. Noble of Ohio.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Charles R.
Train of Massachusetts, Owen Lovejoy of Illi-
nois, Isaac C. Delaplaine of New York, Robert
McKnight of Pennsylvania, and James R. Mor-
ris of Ohio.
On Revisal and Unfinished Business—John A.
Logan of Illinois, Elijah Babbitt of Pennsylva-
nia, John W. Menzies of Kentucky, Samuel C.
Fessenden of Maine, and Edward Ilaightof Now
York.
On Mileage—James C, Robinson of Illinois,
John W. lvillinger of Pennsylvania, Augustus
Frank of NewYork, Henry Grider of Kentucky,
and Benjamin Wood of New York.
Of Accounts—James Buflinton of Massachu-
setts, Edward H. Rollins of New Hampshire,
William E. Lehman of Pennsylvania, Samuel T.
Worcester of Ohio, and George W. Dunlap of
Kentucky.
On Expenditures in the State Department—James
B. McKean of New York, James C. Robinson
of Illinois, John T. Nixon of New Jersey,
William Vandever of Iowa, and Charles H. Up-
ton of Virginia.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department—
Moses I'1. Odell of New York, James II. Camp-
bell of Pennsylvania, John A. Bingham of Ohio,
Alexander H. Rice of Massachusetts, and William
G. Steele of Now Jersey.
On Expenditures in the War Department—
William A. Wheeler of New York, Samuel R.
Curtis of Iowa, Chauncey Vibbard of New York,
William Mitchell of Indiana, and James S. Rol-
lins of Missouri.
On ExpenditurcsinthcNavy Department—George
W. Dunlap of Kentucky, Edward McPheison of
Pennsylvania, Harrison G. Blake of Ohio, Portus
Baxter of Vermont, and Thomas B. Cooper of
Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department—
John W. Killmger of Pennsylvania, Charles A.
Wickliffe of Kentucky, Carey A. Trimble of
Ohio, Fiancis W. Kellogg of Michigan, and Ed-
ward H. Smith of New York.
On Expenditures in the Interior Department—
William Allen of Ohio, Martin F. Conway of
Kansas, Socrates N. Sherman of New York,
Samuel Shcllabargcr of Ohio, and Thomas B.
Cooper of Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—Jesse
Lazear of Pennsylvania, William D. Kelly of
Pennsylvania, Jacob P. Chamberlain of New
York, William Wall of New York, and Nelie-
miah Perry of New Jersey.
Joint Committee on the Library—Edward Mc-
Pherson of Pennsylvania, Augustus Frank of New
York, and John Law of Indiana.
Joint Committee on Printing—E. P. Walton of
Vermont, Ambrose W. Clark of New York, and
Joseph Baily of Pennsylvania.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Bradley F.
Granger of Michigan, and George T. Cdbb of New
Jersey.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEES. ,
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I ask leave of the House to be excused
from service upon the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
There being no objection, it was ordered accord-
. Burnett was then excused from service
on the Committee for the District of Columbia;
and Mr. Curtis from service on the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to be excused from serving on the
Committee of Elections. I do this because the
seats of the sitting members from the two districts
adjoining my own are contested, and I would
rather that another gentleman should serve upon
that committee than myself.
There being no objection, it was ordered accord-
,nffi . WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to be excused from
service on the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. I do this from no disinclination to
serve upon that or any other committee, but from
my physical inability to attend its meetings. I
hope that the House will excuse me.
There being no objection,itwas ordered accord-
ingly.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Clerk of the House place in a box the
name of each member and Delegate of the House of Rep-
resentatives written on a separate slip of paperj that he
then proceed, in the presence of the House, to draw from
said box, one at a time, the said slips of paper, and as each
is drawn he shall announce the name of the member or
Delegate upon it, who shall choose his scatfor the present
session: Provided, That betore said drawing shall com-
mence, the Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated,
and shall see that every seat continues vacant unti! it is
^elected under this order; and that every seat, after having
been selected, shall be deemed vacant if left unoccupied
before the calling of the roll is finibhed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of members l>y States for the introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions of which pre-
vious notice has been given; but the resolution
for the drawing of seats, in the practice of the
House,has beenregarded asa privileged question.
The Chair decides the resolution to be in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Can the resolution
occupy any part of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour does not
commence until this is disposed of.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
call for the regular order of business.
Mr.McKNIGHT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to aceept, as a
modification of his resolution, that the seats when
drawn shall be for this and the next session.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion, as a modification of my resolution.
Mr. STRATTON. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table; the members around me
arc perfectly satisfied with their seats.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Others, however, are not.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
The House then proceeded, under the terms of
the resolution, to draw seats for the present and
succeeding session of Congress.
When Mr. McClernand's name was called,
Mr. BURNETT said: Mr. Speaker, Mr.
McClernand is detained in his room by illness,
and I therefore move, by unanimous consent,
that one of his colleagues be allowed to draw a
seat for him.
Mr. STEVENS, Mr. VALLANDIGHAM,
and others, objected, as the motion was against
the uniform usage of the House.
