1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mi\ STEVENS- I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Ways and Meanshave
leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
INTRODUCTION 01? BILLS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Bills arc now in order, of
which previous notice has been given. They
will be introduced and referred to the appropriate
committees, and the call will commence with the
State of Maine.
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BABBITT, by unanimous co.nsent, intro-
duced a bill to divide the State of Pennsylvania
into three judicial districts, and to establish a dis-
trict court'to be held in the city of Erie; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. BABBITT, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill forthe reliefofJ. J. Lints; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
PORTS OF ENTRY IN REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal all laws creating ports of
entry in rebellious States; which was read a first
and •second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not care to which com-
mittee the bill is referred; but I will say that a
similar bill in General Jackson's time was re-
ferred to and considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
TARIFF.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to repeal the tariff act of
March ,4861, and to revive the tariff act of March
3, 1857; which was read a first and sccond time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means,
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been or shall here-
after be engaged in the military service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to secure contracts, and make provis-
ion for the full, certain and more speedy transpor-
tation by railroad of the mails, troops, munitions
of war, and military and naval stores, between the
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the bill be referred
to a select committee of five.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, I move to
amend by increasing the committee to nine.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the committee will
consist of more than five. This bill involves se-
rious questions, and is probably one of the most
important measures we will be called upon to con-
sider at this session.
Mr. Kellogc's amendmentwas agreed to; and
the motion as amended was then adopted.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. ALDR.ICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers upon the public domain; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-,
mittee on Agriculture.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill to establish a general bankrupt
law; which was read a first and sccond time, and
icferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to provide for the general introduction of an
international code of marine signals; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish an additional judicial dis-
trict in the State of New York and in relation to
courts of the United States in said State; which
was read a first and sccond time, and referred to
the Committee oh the Judiciary.
REDUCTION OP EXPENDITURES.
Mr. VAN WYCIC introduced a bill to reduce
the expenses of the Government; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures.
INCREASE OP SOLDIERS' PAY.
Mr. VAN WYCK also introduced a bill to
increase the pay of soldiers in the service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. ^
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. COX introduced a bill to increase the num-
ber of cadets at West Point Academy; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The States having been called through for bills,
The SPEAKER announced that a call of the
States for resolutions was the next business in
order.
The States were called accordingly for that
purpose.
NUMBER OF MEMBERS OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, introduced the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the cxpedicncy of fixing the num-
ber of the House of Representatives, from and after the 3d
of March, 1863, at two hundred and thirty-nine members,
being the present number, to be apportioned among the
beveral States accotdmg to the act of May Q3, 1850, enti-
tled u An act providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and to fix the
number of the House of Representatives, and to provide
for their future apportionment among the several States."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is that resolution debata-
ble?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If I correctly heard the res-
olution read, I hope it will not be passed.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to debate, it must go over under the rule.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. It is merely a
resolution of inquiry. It can do harm to no one,
and docs justice to six loyal States, of which
Illinois is one.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think my col-
league will not object to the resolution if he will
hear it again read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think the number of mem-
bers should be larger than specified in the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objects to
the resolution, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will move to amend the
resolution by striking out "two hundred and
thirty-nine" and inserting "two hundred and
fifty;" and upon that I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the amendment was disa-
greed to, and the resolution -syas adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
INCREASE OP THE NAVY. -
Mr. ELIOT introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval AlTaus be in-
structed to mquiro mto the expediency ot ptovnitngbylaw
for a temporary increase of the Navy, l y authouzing lb©
President to purchase qr procure suitable vessels, and com-
mission for a limited tiu^e competent and ski|lfyl com-
manders and officers; with leave to report by biil ordther-
wise. " tjt
CAPACITY OF SPRINGFIELD ARMORY:
Mr. DELANO introduced the following reso-
lution: *
Resolved, That the Committee en Military Affairs bojif*-
structed to inquire and report at any time as to ih&pres-
ent capacity of the national armory at Springfield, Massa-
chusetts, for the manufacture of arms; also, what further
expenditure, if any, i3 necessary for operating that armoyy
to the utmost capacity.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will modify
his resolution by leaving out the words " and
report at any time," I will not object to the res-
olution; otherwise I must.
Mr. DELANO. I inserted those -words be-
cause there is another bill, which has already been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
looking to the establishment of an armory else-
where. But if the gentleman insists upon his ob-
jection, I must accept the proposed modification.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist upon it.
Mr. DELANO. Then I modify the resolution
as the gentleman desires.
The resolution,as modified, was then agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. LOOMIS introduced the following resolu-
tion ; upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, instructed to prepare and report to this
House a bill for a public act to confiscate the property of
ail persons holding any office whatsoever, either civil or
mihtaiy, under the government of any State of the United
States or the so-called confederate States of America, who
have taken up arms, or shall hereafter take up arms, against
the Government of the United States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. SPAULDING, by unanimous consent,
presented the concurrent resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New York, in relation to
the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, commonly known as the reciprocity
treaty; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. VAN W YCIC introduced the following res-
olution ; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of five members he appointed
by the Speaker to ascertain and report what contracts have
been made by any of tiie Departments for provisions, sup-
plies. and transpoitation ; foi materials and services ; or for
any aitides furnished for the use of Government, without
advertising for proposals, as required by the statute of 1861;
the panics to whom given, the compensation and terms
thereof, and the leasons therefor. Also,when proposals were
i eceived; if contracts were awaided to the lowest bidders;
if not, the reason therefor. Also, whether the contracts, as
let, are In aceordancc with the specifications inviting pro?
posals; and if any alterations, the reasons for the same.
Also, whether any person or persons have any interest in the
contracts thus made and awarded, or obtaining the same, or
profits- thcrcfiom, except contractors; that said committee
have power to send tor persons and papers, to administer
oaths and examine witnesses, and report at any time.
ELMER E. ELLSWORTH.
Mr. DUELL offered the following resolution;
upon which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to report a bill granting a pension to the mother
of the late Coiouel Elmer K. Ellsworth.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
ADDRESS TO THE PEOPLE OF THE SOUTH.
Mr. DIVEN introduced the following resolu-
tions
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That the following ad-
dress be signed liv the Speaker of the House and by the
I'lesnient of the Semite, and that the President beipqofistwl
to approve the and tiansmita copy to the Governors
of the les-pective States of this Republic.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the ad-
dress accompanying the resolution; but was in-
terrupted by
Mr. ELY, who proposed that the reading he
dispensed with.
Mr. DIVEN. I desire either that it shall be
read or referred.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. T trust it will be
referred to some committee, as it is evidently of
considerable length. I will move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
