THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
. Th« motion was agreed to; and the resolution
and address were referred accordingly.
Mr. DIVEN. I move that the address be
printed.
Mr. OLfN. I think'it had better take the reg-
ular course. It is not usual to print at the time
of reference.
Mr, LOYEJOY. I think we have talked with
those men long enough, and we should talk to
them now with the musket.
The SPEAKER. The Chair mustremind gen-
tlemen that this conversation is out of order.
CADETS IN THE NAVAL SCHOOL.
Mr. CAIiLILE introduced the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill providing for the appointment of
the full number of cadets from euch States as have not now
in the Naval School the number to which they arc entitled
by existing laws; and if I'rQm anv States recommendations
are not matte, the number shall be taken from such States
in the same section of the Union as shall apply for places
in said school.
Mr. ELIOT. I would inquire if that resolution
is not imperative? I ask that it be read again.
It was accordingly read a second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. X object to the resolu-
tion as it stands; but if it is modified to instruct
tho committee to inquire into the expediency of
reporting such a bill, I shall not object.
Mr.CARLlLE. I accept the suggested modi-
fication.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
.RELEASE 01? PRISONERS.
Mr. UPTON introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
struct the ofliceis of tho Aimy of the United States taking
prisoner? and releasing them upon their oath of allegiance
to the United States, to report their names and residences
to him, that the same may be recorded lulus Department
CHARLES II. UPTON.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution:
Resoloed, That the claim of Charles II. Upton to aseat
in this House, from tho seventh district of Virginia, bo re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, who shall examine
into the regularity of hi* election, and hi* eligibility ai a
member of Congress 1'ioni the State of Viignua.
Mr. OLIN. I move to lay tho resolution on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF TIIE SESSION.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced the following reso-
lution-, which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House, during the present extraor-
dinary session, will only consider bills aiul resolutions con-
cerning the military and naval operations of tlie Govern-
ment, and the financial affairs therewith connected; and
nil bills and resolutions of apuvato character, and all other
bills and resolutions not directly connected with the raising
of revenue or affecting tlie military or naval affairs of the
Government, shall be refeired to the appropiiatc commit-
ters without debate, to bo considered at the next regular
session of Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY introduced the following res-
olutions, and called the previous question:
1. Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, It is
no part of the duty of the soldiers of the United States to
capture and return fugitive slaves.
2. Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee boinstrueted
to inquire into the expediency of the repeal of the Jaw
called the fugitive slave Jaw.
3. Wheieaa Major Emory, of tho United States Army,
resigned his commission under eireum>tances showing
sympathy with the rebellion against the Government:
Therefore,
Resolvedy That his restoration to the «orvice was? im-
proper, unjustifiable, and this House, in the name of the
people, demand ot the Executive bis immediate removal.
The previous question was seconded, and the
.main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is it in order to move to
lay the resolutions upon tlie table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. EDWARDS. I make that motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 would like to have the reso-
lutions read again.
The resolutions were again read.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to make a single in-
quiry of the Chair. I would inquire whether this
series of resolutions is not in direct conflict with
the resolution which has just heen adopted, limit-
ing the House to the consideration of particular
questions during the present session ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania raises the question of order that these
resolutions are in conflict with the resolution which
has just been adopted, on motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HICKMAN. As I remember, that reso-
lution 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not wish to debate. I
simply wish to call the attention of the House to
the facts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. HICKMAN. The resolution which has
been adopted precludes the consideration of all
business of this character.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order. The Chair appeals to the House now, at
the outset, to sustain him in preserving order and
enforcing the rules of the House. If the House
will support him, he will do so without any refer-
ence to individuals. [Cries of " That's right."]
The Clerk will now read the resolution which was
adopted on motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolvci, That the House, during the present extraor-
dinary session, will only consider bdls and resolutions con-
cerning the military and naval operations of the Govern-
ment, and the financial affairs therewith connected; and
all bills and resolutions of a private character, and all oilier
bills and resolutions not directly connected with the raising
of revenue or affecting the military or naval affairs of the
Government, shall be referred to the appropriate commit-
tees without debate, to be considered at the next regular
session of Cougress.
The SPEAKER. The Chairovcrrulesthepoint
of order raised by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask if it is in
order to move an amendment to the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time. A motion
has been made by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Edwards] to lay the resolutions on
the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should be glad
if the gentleman from New Hampshire would
withdraw that motion, to allow me to ofler an
amendment to the resolutions.
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Then no amendment or de
bate is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand that there be sep
arate votes on the different resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New Hampshire is to lay the resolutions
upon the table, and the Chair knows of no mode
in which a motion to lay upon the table can be
divided.
The question was taken on Mr. Edwards's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
88, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Appleton, Babbitt,
Joseph Hailey, Francis I*. Blair, George II. Iitowne, Bur-
nett, Calvert, Carlile, Chambci lain,, Cobb, Cox, Cravens,
Crisfield, Crittenden,Curtis, Delano,Diven, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edward**, Ely, English, Fisher, Fouke, Franchot, Granger,
Gndur, Hai ht, Hale, Harding, Harrison, Hickman, Hol-
man, Morton, Jackson, Johnson, Francis W. Kellogg.
William Kellogg, Ktliinger, Law, Lazcar, Leary, Lehman!
Logan, McPherson, Mailorv. Mcnzies, Moorhead, Justin
S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Odd!, Olm, Pation,George H. Pendleton, Reid, Alexander
H. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, Edwaid H.Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Sheffield, William G. Steele, Stratton. Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Tumble, Vallandig-
ham, Verree, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wall, E. P.
Walton, Waid, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickiiffe,
Wood, Woodtuff, and Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buffmton, Campbell, Ambrose W. Clark,
Colfax, Fredeuek A Conkhng, Uoseoe Conkling, Cftnway,
CovodCjCutlei, Davis, Dawes", DueIl,Edgciton, Eliot, Fes-
senden, Frank, Gooch, Gurley, Hutchms, Julian, Kelley,
Lansing, Loomia, Lovcjoy, McKean, McKnight, Mitchell,
Anson "P. Moirili, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Riddle,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Trowbridge, Vandever, Van Home, Van Valken-
burgh, Van Wyek, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton,
Wa&hbume, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and Woices-
ter—6*2. .
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
Dunn? the call of the roll,
Mr. MOORHEAD said, I voted "no;" but
believing that we should do nothing now butfur-
nish men and money to put down the rebellion,
I change my vote and vote "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were laid upon the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION—AGAIN.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged-ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] was adopted—the resolution limiting
the business of the House during the session. I
make the motion on the ground that the resolu-
tion, as adopted, cuts off all questions of a judi-
cial character. My purpose is to extend tlie res-
olution so as to embrace measures of a judicial
character.
Mr. HOLMAN, I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw that motion until I can make
an inquiry.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will do so. I desire to
know of the gentleman from Indiana whether his
resolution, by its terms, will cut off propositions
that look to a peaceful solution of our present
difficulties?
Mr. WASHBURNE. That will lead to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The resolution is not
debatable unless tho gentleman from Indians
withdraws his motion.
Mr. BURNETT. He has withdrawn it, and I
am upon the floor,.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution gi.ves rise to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not propose to debate
it, but I have the right to debate it if it does give
rise to debate. That is plain. I am one of those,
and I frankly confess it, who have hoped for and
have not yet abandoned all hope of a peaceful
solution of our troubles.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from Kentucky that debate is not in
order.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I do not desire to in-
fringe the rules of the House. I hope the vote
by which the resolution was adopted will be re-
considered, and it will be so extended as not to
exclude propositions for a peaceful solution of
our troubles.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution does not have
the effect of preventing .an effort to adjust the un-
fortunate difficulties now distracting our country.
Mr. BURNETT. According to my promise
to the gentleman Aom Indiana, I now renew the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would like to
know if the resolution includes privileged ques-
tions also ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
debate is not in order; and he appeals to gentlemen
to assist him in enforcing the rules, especially
those gentlemen who have served here a long
time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to withdraw the motion to
lay on tlie table for one moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot do it unless the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is will-
ing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not consent to with-
draw it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Indiana does not understand my object 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw the motion?
Mr. HOLMAN. I decline to withdraw it.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the original
resolution.
The resolution was read.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hickman's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the House reconsidered the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now move to amend the
