30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
remitting labor, and with a temperament pecu-
liarly ardent and impetuous, qualified him in an
eminent degree for a great political leader: and
as such, he eminently acted his part. No cotem-
porary exercised equal influence with, or held
as absolute dominion over, the minds of his
followers.
Withotrt the adventitious aids of fortune or
influential friends, but alone by the resources of
his own intellect and the energy of his own char-
acter, he made his way from a humble but re-
spectable position in private life to the most ex-
alted places of trust and honor known to our
Government.
From the moment of commencing his public
career, his course was onward and upward. Suc-
cess waited upon his steps. His way was lumi-
nous with triumphs seldom dimmed by defeat,
and his achievements in the field of politics
stopped short only of the highest and most cov-
eted prize in the gift of the American people.
At present, opinions will bo various and diverse
as to the influence of his life upon the cause of
civilization, the cause of human rights, and the
destinies of our own great Republic; and it will
only be after the passions, prejudices, and par-
tialities engendered by the conflicts of his own
time shall have faded away, that the faithful,im-
partial, and inexorable pen of history will truly
estimate his character and justly assign him lus
place.
But, whatever diversities of judgment there
may be among his cotemporaries as to the wis-
dom and beneficence of his measures, all will ac-
cord to him great talents, great energy, and an
ardor and fervency of patriotism capable of sac-
rifices of personal predilections, prejudices, and
antipathies, which a narrow mind and contracted
sympathies could never lmve made.
He was an extraordinary man, and very dis-
tinguished among those who wore the most justly
and qgpinently distinguished of his time; and 1,
in common with those who were his political
friends and admirers, claim a share m lus fame,
m our joint heritage, and a right to participate
their sorrow for his untimely death.
In common with them, 1 mourn his loss, and
aslc the privilege of paying this poor tribute to
his memory, and thruwing an unworthy garland
upon his tomb.
I have not risen, Mr. President, for the purpose
of eulogy or panegyric—not even to utter approval
of the political principles which governed and
shaped nis public acts; but 1 would be unjust to
my feelings should I fail to declare how deep and
sincere was my sorrow for the loss of this distin-
guished Senator, and especially at a time when
he had the power, to a greater extent than any
other living man, to render valuable, and im-
portant services to our peiplexed and imperiled
country, and the temper and disposition of mind
to use that power as it should have been used by
a patriot and statesman.
I desire only to do justice to his memory. For
a quarter of a century I knew him well and in-
timately. Young, ardent, and impetuous, and
wedded to the fortunes of opposing political par-
ties, as widely sundered and as intensely hostile
as pnrties have ever been in this Government, we
entered together upon our public career in the
winter of 1636-37, he as a member of the House
of Representatives and 1 as a member of the Sen-
ate of the Legislature of Illinois. Passing thence,
at a later day, he took his place upon the bench,
and I a humble position at the bar in the circuit
where he'presided. Our intercourse was intimate,
and uniformly kind and courteous.
In the spring of 1843, the iState having been re-
districted for congressional representation,he and
I, lesidents of the same village, the one a judge,
the other a practitioner before him, were nomin-
ated by our respective parties as opposing can-
didates for Congress m the same district.
Ill the forenoon of a lu-ioht, summer day in
June, the court was brought to a close, for the
term, in the last county m the circuit, and lie at
once resigned his judgeship.
In the afternoon of the same day, by previous
mutual arrangement, and at the urgent solicita-
tion of both political parties, we addressed a large
assemblage of Whigs and Democrats, thus open-
ing one oi the most excited, aiduous, and earnest
political campaigns that was ever made in the
- State.
The next day we passed into another county,
and again addressed the people; and from that time
forward till the election, we traveled together,
often in the same conveyance, and spoke together
from the same stand on an average of two hours
each per day, and that repeated every day, as my
memory nowserves me, with the exception only of
the Sabbath. The district was one of the largest
in the United States, both in population and ter-
ritory, and the summer unusually warm; and it
is, perhaps, not to be wondered at that the health
of both of us.gave way under the constant and
heavy draft thus made on our physical and intel-
lectual energies—mine a little before, and his on
the day of the election.
Perhaps at no tiipe in ourcountry's-history did
]?arty spirit run higher,'or wax warmer, than at
this time it did in Illinois. Personal rancor was
almost universal, avid personal conflicts not un-
frequentbetweenopposingcandidates. Impressed
with a sense of how pernicious the influence of
such an example'was upon the public mind; how
adverse to a calm and impartial hearing, and fair
estimate of discussion of the questions which sep-
arated us, and vitally interested the country; and
how incompatible with the dignity which ought
to characterize the deportment of gentlemen as-
piring to high positions of trust and honor, we
came to a mutual understanding, before entering
upon the canvass, not to violate with each other
the courtesies and proprieties of life; and not
to permit any ardor or excitement of debate to
betray us into coarsc and unmanly personalities.
And, I am proud to say, that the compact was
well and faithfully kept on both sides. During
the entire campaign not one unkind word or dis-
courteous act passed between us; and we closed the
canvass with the friendly relations which had pre-
viously subsisted undisturbed, and maintained
them, without interruption, to the day of his
death. From this time forward, our intercourse
was less frequent.. My path lay through the se-
cluded and little observed walks of life; his was
the highway of renown, wherein he attracted the
constant attention of the nation, and won the un-
bounded confidence and approval of his friends.
Occasionally, during his senatorial life, we met in
debate upon the hustings, and tilted and jousted
upon the political arena, without any disturbance
of the harmony of our personal relations.
These details can have no interest for the Sen-
ate or the public, save such as they derive from
their connection with the illustrious dead.
Mr. President, it is proper that I should say that
there were hut few political acts of his life which
met my approval, with the exception of suoh as
were crowded into the interval between the fall
of Sumter and his death.
For the first time in the world's history the as-
tounding spectacle had been exhibited of a Gov-
ernment plotting against its own life, and con-
spiring for its own overthrow.
For the first time in our nation's history rehel
hands were raised in hostility against our coun-
try's flag, to rend its stripes and pluck its bright
stars from their field of glory.
We had then but recently passed through a
fiery political contest in which Senator Douglas
had been the chosen and almost adored standard
bearer of a great and renowned party which was
laboring to elevate him to a position equal in dig-
nity, honor, and power, to any on earth. Political
parties have seldom been more bitterly hostile than
were that which marshaled its hosts under his
leadership, and that which followed the fortunes
of our honored Chief Magistrate. The object of
the Senator's most intense cherished desire, and to
the attainment of which he had devoted his great
energies, and his unflagging industry—an object
compatible with the purest and loftiest patriotism,
and worthy of the most exalted ambition—had
eluded his grasp, and was in the possession of his
great and distinguished rival.
The paity which he, no doubt conscientiously,
believed to be adverse to the best and truest inter-
ests of the country—the men who represented
that party, and with whom he had maintained a
life-long conflict, always earnest, and sometimes
bitter, were installed in power, while his own
friends were scattered and dispersed. Whatever
the causes of hostility, whether lus fault or ours,
or whether the necessary and inevitable concomi-
tant of political antagonisms between even just
and good men, without fault on the part of any-
body, the fact is nevertheless so, that the political
alienation between him and those who repre-
sented and wielded the power of the Government
was complete.
On the other hand, many of the distinguished
men of the nation, who in former times stood by
him in the same party organization, and labored
indefatigably for his advancement and promotion,
had embarked in an enterprise which had for its
object not the overthrow of a party only, but the
dismemberment of the Union, and theutter demo-
lition of the Government. His party affinities
and his loyalty no longer fully and completely
harmonized. He had to break with many of the
most trusted and most distinguished of his former
friends, and fraternize with his fiercest political.
foes, or he had to renounce his allegiance to the
Constitution he had sworn to maintain, and pros-
titute his powers in plotting its overthrow.
Let us do him justice. What his'internal con-
flicts may have been, we cannot know; what our
o*n would be thus circumstanced, we dare not
say; but we do know that, whatever the struggle
in his own breast may have been, it was brief.
We do know that the patriot triumphed oyer the
partisan, and that he threw the entire weight of
his great influence on the side of his country in
the hour of her greatest need. We do know that
the indignity done in Charleston harbor to the
stars and stripes, at onee the emblem of the power
and beneficence of the Government and the ven-
erated memento of the sufferings and the sacri-
fices, the valor, virtue, wisdom, and patriotism,
of our illustrious sires; that the atrocious assault
by the banded cohorts of treason upon a weak,
worn, and enfeebled garrison of loyal and incor-
ruptible American soldiers, in the faithful and gal-
lant discharge of the highest and holiest duties,
awakened all the enthusiasm, the indignation,and
patriotism of his ardent nature, and enlisted all
his energies, unconditionally, in the service of his
endangered country. We do know that the patriot
achieved a great but easy conquest over the par-
tisan, and that he heartily, warmly, and with a
zeal befitting the momentous cause in which he
was engaged, united with those who had hereto-
fore not only opposed but denounced him, in a
struggle to uphold the Union, sustain the Consti-
tution, and vindicate the claim of the national
Government to the obedience of alt its citizens;
and who should be foremost, most self-sacrificing,
and efficient, in the holy cause of the great Re-
public, rich in cherished memories of the past,
abounding in blessings for the present, and radiant
with hope for the future, was the only rivalry
between him and them. It was a noble and ex-
alted rivalry, worthy of a great cause and great
minds, and fitted to shed luster upon the most
eminent statesmen and patriots. Would that he
could have lived to continue the generous strife
until this most wicked and causeless revolt was
every where subdued, and the footprint of a traitor
no longer desecrated American soil.
There was something, Mr. President.heroicin
the promptitude, fearlessness, and decision with
which he rent asunder the strong personal and
party ties, and dashed from him the fetters which
had once bound him to those who were now con-
spirators, when longer fraternity with them was
disloyalty to the Government, and something al-
most sublime in the terrible energy with which
he denounced the treason, and launched his im-
precations at the traitors who were warring upon
the life of the great and good Government under
whose fostering care he had made himself what
he was; had struggled laboriously, but success-
fully, up the rugged steep, and taken his place
in a conspicuous niche of the temple of fame.
In times of peace Senator Douglas was an
intense partisan. It was natural he should be
so. Indeed, he could not have been otherwise.
Espouse what cause lie would, it wasa necessity
of his physical and mental organization that he
should do it with all his might. Doubtless ho
always believed his zeal and his party prefer-
ences to be in the line of his duty, and they cer-
tainly were in just subordination to his fealty as
a citizen.
He fought the battle of life bravely, but the
conflict is over; and now that its turmoil is ended,
he reposes quietly beneath the green sod of his
adopted State.
In the full vigorand maturity of his mental and
physical energies, and just at the time when his
