THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY XI, 1861.
New Series No. 3.
This is not the befitting time or appropriate
presence to discuss or even allude to disputed po-
litical questions. The parts he has borne in them
pass into history, and they are safe.
Mr. Douglas was the architect of his own fame.
Penniless, and yet a minor, he came to Illinois,
and while teaching a country school he studied
and was admitted to the practice of law. He
commenced his professional life at Jacksonville,
and though the bar at that place was a very able
one, numbering among its members gentlemen of
great ability and large experience, he soon at-
tained the front rank in their midst.
At the session of the Legislature in 1834-35,he
was elected attorney for the State. His competi-
tor was the late Colonel John J. Hardin, who
was distinguished alike for his ability in the coun-
cils of the nation, and for his courage on the bat-
tle-field. In 1836 Mr. Douglas wae elected to
the Legislature. In 1837 he resigned his seat in
the Legislature to accept the place of register of
the land office at Springfield, to which he had
been appointed by Mr. Van Buren. In 1838 he
resigned the office of register, having been nom-
inated for Congress. At the election of that year
he was defeated by a very small majority against
■ him in a vote of forty-odd thousand—thsm the
largest ever cast in a single district in the United
States.
His successful competitor, after serving four
years in this House withgreatcredit, voluntarily
retired from public life. Although Mr. Stewart
was one of our purest and most sagacious public
men, lie has resisted the importunities of friends
again to enter the political arena.
In 1841 Mr. Douglas was made secretary of
State. After discharging, for a short time, the
duties of that position, he resigned, and was elect-
ed in the same year a judge of the supreme court
of the State of Illinois. In 1843 lie resigned the
judgeship, and was shortly afterwards elected a
member of this House over the geatlcman who is
now his successor in the Senate. Mr. Douglas
was twice reelected from the same district. At
the session of the Legislature of 1846-47, he was
elected to the United States Senate. He resigned
his place in this Housu after serving four years.
He was twice reelected a member of the Senate.
In his last contest for the Senate, which was
the most remarkable in the history of the coun-
try, his competitor was fh<* present President of
the United States. In the contest in Illinois the
party in opposition to him presented their ablest
man as his competitor.
In 1860 Judge Douglas was a candidate for
the first office in the gift of the American people.
And although he received the second highest
number of the popular vote, he was the lowest
in the electoral college.
At the bar, in the popular assembly, in the Legis-
lature, upon the bench, in this House, in the
Senate of the United States, Mr. Douglas had
no superior and but few equals. In all the posi-
tions he has held he has been found equal to the
duties attending them, and adequate to any emer-
gency that arose. He had all the essential ele-
ments* for the jurist, the statesman, or the general.
His intellect was stupendous. His quick percep-
tion grasped, his strong memory retained, and his
ready logic commanded, immense resources of
useful knowledge, gathered from all branches of
the arts and sciences, from the history of the past
aiwl the active realities of the present.
In debate he rejected all rhetorical ornament, all
ostentation and show. Stating his premises con-
cisely, Ins reasoning led to his conclusion as irre-
sistibly as the current of a strong and deep river
tends to the sea. But it was when suirounded
by friends in the social circle that he most hap-
pily and undesignedly exhibited the peculiarities
of his gr<jat intellect; it was there that the fund
of varied information was most drawn upon, and
there that his great versatility was most bril-
liantly displayed. In his contests with political
adveisaries his boldness and fierceness had no
parallel. Never halting m the strife to count
losses, when the conflict was over he was ever
ready to forget rcsentfnents and forgive inju-
ries.
In his support of measures here and at the other
end of the Capitol, he looked only to great prin-
ciples and cared nothing for details; he left them
for others. If measures that he supported met
the popular approval, he was contented to let
others claim and enjoy the honors that resulted
from them. If, however, measures which he had
favored were distasteful or unpopular, he asked
no man to share with him their responsibility.
Whenever they were assailed he rushed to their
defense, and endured whatever of obloquy attached
to them. From his positions, when once assumed,
no earthly power could drive him. In the defense
of measures which met his approval, he was ready
to meet an excited populace, a united Senate, an
Administration with a nation's patronage at its
bid, or any combination, no matter how formi-
dable. No power could intimidate him, no patron-
age corrupt him. More than any man I ever
knew, he permitted himself to be assailed by
falsehood and slander, when he had the means to
refute the one or silence the other. If the slander
affected himself alone he was unmindful of it.
Dying at an age where the usefulness of states-
men usually begins, he leaves a fame that will out-
live eulogies and survive monuments, fndissolu-
bly connected with the great events of his time,
his name will go down with our history to future
generations.
Born in 1813, during the war between this
country and England—a conflict between people
speaking the same language and of a common
origin, lie died when the different sections of his
own country wcie marshaling their armies in
hostile array to engage in a fratricidal war. He
saw his country advance to the highest elevation
any had over attained. He witnessed more of
advancement, improvement, and progress, in all
that is calculated to elevate mankind and nations,
than has belonged to any one age of the world's
history. lie contemplated with patriotic pride
the happiness of our people, and the grandcurand
glory of our country.
I formed Mr. Douglas's personal acquaintance
during his first contest for office. We entered
public life together. For more than a quarter of
a century we were friends without the slightest
interruption. That friendship survives one grave;
it will close with two. He was a most faithful
and generous friend.
But, Mr. Speaker, the language of eulogy fails
to turmsha fittingtnbute upon this occasion. One
word relative to his last days and the family cir-
cle so rudely sundered.
.1 shall not trust myself with the delicate office,
of offering consolation within the sacred precincts
of that home which is now desolate. God alone
can heal the hoaits there wounded. The words
of " dying mm) enforce attention like dee]) har-
mony:'5 but never, anions: all the great men that
have passed to the grave, have one's last words
been more impressive, more grandly patriotic,
than the last message of Mr. Douglas to his
children: "Tell them to support the Constitution
and the laws." At the same time, while these
eloquent woids inculcate the duty of every citi-
zen, they announce in a biicf but grand epitome
the labors and aspirations of a well-spent lifetime.
I offer, for the adoption of the House, the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Rc$olrc<1, That the Hou-ie of Ilopiosuntatlvcs of the
United States iccetv-ed, with (U'epc-t scn.-ihility, intel-
ligence of the death of Sti.phe.n A
Rcsolvci, That tin* officer am! memlx-is ot the Hon-so
of R'-ptfsfntatives will weartiie iiMi.tl badae of monuiius
for tnuty days, a^ a tet-timoi-v of the piofmuid respect tlite
House enteirauis lor the meinoiy of the deceased.
Rcsoh ce?, That the pun ceding-. of tins- floii^o, in rehuifti
to the death of A IX;-cola.*;. communicated
to the family of the <k'cea«ou by the (Jleik.
Resolvct^'TUnx.^ a fuither tu«vk «>f ic-pcctfortlicioem-
oiy of the deee.t«od, the Hoy*" do now adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I_rise
with a heavy heart to second the motion of my
distinguished colleague. Duty to myself, a® well
an to nty constituents, requires me to fio so. Much
that I would be pleased to say under other circum-
stances must be forborne now, in view of what
has already been said so well by my colleague,
and what will, probably, be said by others'mote
able to do the subject justice than myself.
Addressing myself ta the resolutions offered by
my colleague, I feel that they have a deeper and
more real significance than any mere ceremony or
empty pageant. Their source and their language
bespeak them to be a heartfelt effusion. As the
official expression of a nation's grief, they are all
worthy of the approbation of this House; and wilt
they not receive it? Alas I a great woe broods
over the land; a deep gloom vails the social and
political sky! What is the cause of this melan-
choly change ? Why these tokens of sadness and
sorrow ? Why these mourning cities and towns;
these shrouded busts of one unmistakable man;
these solemn kneliing bells; these plaintive strains
of martial music; these quick-pealing minute guns;
this suspension of a nation's occupations and pur-
suits; this universal lamentation? Why all this?
What great calamity has occasioncd it?- The
answer comes up from all sides—as well from the
shores of the Pacific as from those of the Atlantic
and the Mississippi; from mountain and valley;
from city and hamlet; from every inhabited spot
within the broad limits of the Republic, the-uni-
versal answer comes—" A great man has fallen;
the American Tribune is no more; Stephen A.
Douglas, the orator and statesman, is dead."
This is the explanation—the explanation of a na-
tion's grief, of the tokens of sorrow which every
where bui round us; of the distress depicted upon
the countenances of this assembly.
How fearfully and wonderfully are we made?
Latelv, my long-cherished friend, Mr. Douglas,
was a strong, robust man, capable of performing
almost any amount of labor, and of enduring al-
most any amountof hardship. His physical and *
intellectual powers had just culminated in glori-
ous maturity, and gave as much assurance of long
life as almost any of us may justly claim; yet now
he has passed away from the earth forever. The
ruthless shaft of death, ever seeking a shining
mark, has laid him low, and the brave, strong
man is committed to the silent tomb. No more
will we see his large, dark gray eye flash with the
radiance of genius and glare with the intensity of
fixed and unswerving purpose. No longer will
his eloquent voice be heard in the Senate Chatn*
her, or by admiring and captivated multitudes,
IN o more will his strongly markod Jovc-hfee head,
with its lion mane, shake defiance at beleaguering
assailants. No more will his restless, fruitful
brain invent and forge the ternblc weapons with
which he M'as wont to subdue his adversaries,
Alas! the body of the great man has gone to de^
coy; whilo his immortal spirit, as a spark first
radiating from the Divine essence, has returned
to its original source* Like the greatest of tho
Homeric heroes, whom Providence '< doomed to
early death," so, too, the younger Douglas was
cut off in the very vigor of manhood and theme*
ridian of life. Indeed are the ways of Providence
"unsearchable and past finding out." Man ia
here to-day and gone to-morrows as tho tran-
sient grass—1" In the morning it apringcth upanfj
tlourisheth; in the evening it is cut down and
withereth."
But, sir, we must not confine ourselves entirely
to expressions of grief, nor deal in general terms
of eulogy, if we would do justice to Mr, Dpug 
las's character. To estimate his merits as one of
the Jirst statesmen of his time, we must not for-
get the many and foimidable obstacles he h^d to
overcome, particularly in his early life. Left an
orphan, without fortune or influential friends, in
hit- very infancy—like Jackson, Clay, and other
self-made peisonages—he 1iad to rely upon birfl =
self for success. Like Plato, he may hayo be*
Sieved that a mechanical as well as a seholasUQ
I education was necessary to qualify 3 ruler of tho
people to wield political power y/iaely and benefit
eently. At all events, after lt>annng a mechanical
trade, and obtaining', as far as hi§ limited means
would allow, nn imperfect education, Ije resolved
