34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
to leap into the great battle of life, and, if possi-
ble, to win the laurel of the victor and hero.
In answer to the interrogatory: Whither he
should direct his footsteps? he could not long
hesitate. Such a man rarely hesitatps. Looking
towards the setting sun, he saw there nature dis-
played in boundless grandeur. He saw there the
great valley of the Mississippi, described by the
enthusiastic De Tocqueville as "the most magnif-
icenfregion provided by God for man'sabode."
He saw there, too, as the most attractive portion
of that valley, the "Great West," with her giant
forests and verdantprairies; with her turbid rivers
and glassy lakes; and grasping by intuition her
hidden resources and prospective development,
he determined to make it his home. Hence, soon
we find him an actual resident of the charming
village of Jacksonville, in Illinois. Besides the
general attractions of the West, it may be sup-
posed that a congenial affinity between genius and
natural beauty attracted him to this spot; for we
are informed that it was a vivid picture of it and
the surrounding country delineated by nn admir-
ing Scotch tourist that first bent lus footsteps
thither.
Arriving at Jacksonville, in his twentieth year,
he was a stranger in a strange land—a wanderer
reduced to his last shilling, and with no other
resource than his own energies to save him from
impending destitution. What was the result?
Bid the pale, slight youth despair, or, yielding to
tempting want, did he repress the noble aspira-
tions of his soul, and divert his talents to some
mean and dependent occupation ? Was lie con-
tent to ignore his destiny? Not so; but finding
himself unable to acquit his unavoidable personal
expenses at Jacksonville by anything that he
could do, he immediately set out on foot Cor Win-
chester, a village some seventeen miles distant,
and reached there tho same day. Here his ad-
verse fortunes ceased to persecute linn, and, in
anticipation of his rising fortune, men said ot'lum
"This dawn
Will wktan to a clear and boundless duv;
Ami when it ripens lo a sumptuous welt,
With a groat sunset be closed and crowned."
* Here he found remunerative employment both
as a lawyer and as a toucher. Henceforth, ho
bccomes a ruan of mark and note. Heneefoilh,
every obstacle to his advancement pales and van-
ishes before the glowing fire of Jus long-repressed
genius, and as a dazzling orb he courses the po-
litical and professional firmaments, drawing after
him tho wondering: gaze of admiring multitudes.
Filling every office in tho gift of his adopted
State, from that of district attorney to that of
Senator in Congress, winch he chose to ask or
accept, he died her boasted and favoriteson. Long
will his memory bo cherished by herns one of the
brightest ornaments of her noble escutcheon. Re-
flecting honor upon him, so he, in turn,leilected
honor upon her; and forever will tho name?! of
Illinois and Douglas bo linked together upon tho
page of history. Douglas and J luidin, hi* heroic,
rival, of all her representative men, nre tho most
endeared to her affection. To both she has given
honored graves—to one aa the champion of her
rights in the councils of the nation, to the other
as the champion of her loyalty upon the field of
battle. To the fame of both she will proudly con-
tinue to point, as the mother of the Gracchi to
her children, us her jewels—as the proofs of her
wealth.
As tho career of Mr. Douglas as a statesmen
forms a brilliant and familiar portion of the his-
tory of our country, it will be unnecessary to do
more than to glance at it. TVs a public man, he
was prompt, enterprising:, and persistent. At the
very outset of his legislative career, he identified
Ins name with two of the most popularand useful
public works in Illinois, by proposing, as a mem-
ber of her Legislature, a series of resolutions rec-
ommending their ea  ly construction. i refer to
the Illinois and Michigan canal, which opens up a
communication between the waters flowing into
the Gulf of Mexico and those flowing into the
Gulf of St. Lawrence; find to the Illinois Central
railroad, which furnishes an overland connection
between the upper Mississippi and Lake. Michi-
gan, arid the main Mississippi at Cairo. And
afterwards he materially contributed to the com-
pletion of the latter improvement, by his influence
as a Senator x>f the United StaWs, in procuring
the grant of land made by Congress for that pur-
pose. This was a proud triumph of perseveringi
statesmanship, and will long endure as a worthy
monument to his fame. Its priceless benefits are
to-day hailed by all Illinoisans as marking a new
and joyous era in the history of their beloved
State.
But, as I have already said, I have not time to
dwell upon particulars. " It will be enough to say
that no man of his time took a more active or con-
spicuous part in public affairs than he did. His
name stands prominently connected with every
important question of public policy, whether of a
domestic or of foreign character, which has arisen
within the last"eighteen years. He favored the
annexation of Texas; he opposed tho dismember-
ment of Oregon; he voteu for the compromise
measures of 1850, looking to the settlemcntof the
slavery question; he advocated the repeal of the
Missouri restriction and the uniform organization
of all our territorial governments upon the prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty; lie opposed the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution.
Again: he urged the compromise of the slavery
question and our sectionai differences, at the last
session of Congress, as the alternative of civil
war; and when armed rebellion arose against the
Government, he appealed to tho patriotism of the
people to put it down by overwhelming force.
Standing upon the u Monroe doctrine," ho was
ever jealous of monarchical influence upon the
American continent; and hence always protested
against any colonization of any portion of it by
any European or other transmarine Power. In
the mean time, not forgetting tho material interests
of his country, he zealously advocated all those
measures of internal impiovement, which he
deemed of a national character and nccessaiy to
the welfare of the country.
The project of a railroad to tho shores of the
Pacific had no more ardent supporter than him-
self. Me looked upon it as a uond necessary to
consolidate tho different and distant portions of
the Republic as one homogeneous and harmonious
.social and commercial whole; and the popularity
of the measure, {it this tune, is no doubt as much
the result of his commendation as of that of any
other man, not excepting even the lamented Ben-
ton,
As a debater, Mr. Docglas was great, truly
great, in the dexterous use of passing iaets and
familiar circumstances, in this he was probably
greater than any of his illustrious cotemporaries.
This was the type of his mind—it was his forte.
Less eloquent than Clay, less logical tlian Web-
ster, less yeisatile than lienton, lie was the supe-
rior of them ail in tho readiness of his intellect
and the distinctness and clearness of his state-
ments, as a puhli'* speaker. More like Silas
Wright, the gioat New Yoik statesman, lie was
always unostentatious, copious, clear, and forci-
ble. As an e.vtemporc speakei, his capabilities
were tianseendent and amazing, and unquestion-
ably place him in the first rank of debaters of any
age or country.
As an orator, his manner was peculiar to him-
self. Although possessing but little of the qual-
ities of the i hetorieian, and still less of tho art of
the theattical declatmor, yet his action was far
from ungraceful, while his voice was singularly
full and sonorous. What he lacked as a rhetori-
cal dcoLumer, he more than made up by the earn-
estness and vehemence of his dehveiy. Like
Demosthenes, whose style lie appeals to have
cultivated, he was always m earnest, ever on fire. ,
His power over his heaiers was often demon-
strated by his success in swaying Senates and ;
controlling the violence of the populace.
Oil'' of hi*-? fust eilortn as an oiator is one of the ,
best ho e \er made. I i efer to h is spei. ch as a mem - '
ber of ill's House, m favor of the bill refunding I
the fine imposed by Judge Hall on Geneial Jack- '
son, at New Orleans, m 1815, for refusing to pro- j
dure, in obedience to a writ of habeas corpus, \
Loualiier, who had been arrested under maitial !
law upon a charge of treason against the United j
States. The theme was a gieat one, and inspired j
the speakei with grand and noble thoughts, which :
he poured forth in rapid and icsistless volume, j
He discussed and distinguished the rights of peace '
and the rights of war, the law of deliberation, I
volition, and choice, and the paramount law of j
necessity. All the fire and enthusiasm of his
ardent nature were infused into .his impetuous j
yet logical appeals, until the storm of his elo-
quence and the accumulated weight of his argu-
ment carried the House captive and thrilled the
whole country with generous emotion.
The success of this effort may be judged by the
grateful response that it clicited liom General
Jackson himself, when afterwards Mr. Douglas,
for the first time, met him at the Hermitage.
Taking him by the hand, the venerable hero said:
" I am glad to see you, Mr. Douglas. You compie-
liended my situation at New Orleans. Martial law was a
necessity theie, and I took the responsibility of declaring
it. It I had shrunk from doing so, and haim had accrued
to the country, I would have piovod myself unequal to the
emergency, and unworthy of the trust imposed in me. It
was upon that ground—the necessity of the case—that you
ju^tdiod my conduct; and I thauk you, bineerely thank
jou, for it."
Other instances, too, of his oratorical success
might be adduced: as his defense of the compro-
mise measures of 1850, at Chicago, amid the
blazing effigies of his own person, and regardless
of the threats of the enraged populace. Like Mark
Antony, over the dead body of Csesar, he melted
the savage fury of the rabble into the softness of
contrition and tears. Like the Tribune Rienzi,
he appealed to the patriotism and sense of duty
of the people through the images and examples
of their departed benefactors, which he set before
them with all the charms of eloquent and impas-
sioned delineation; and they heard him and were
convinced. Never was there a grander triumph
of natural eloquence pleading the cause of truth
and justice. Mr. Webster thanked him on behalf
of the nation for this noble and heroic effort. I
might also refer to the frequent discussions be-
tween him and President Lincoln as affording
kindred examples of the celebrated contests of
the fabled giants of antiquity. As the. acknowl-
edged champions of opposing parties, they often
met in intellectual combat, while cach, by his skill
and prowess, won the applause of his admiring
friends.
Defeating Mr. Lincoln in their memorable con-
test for the Senate, in 1858, yet the latter gained,
fiom defeat by such a mat), the distinction which
afterwards assisted him to the Presidency.
Mr. Douglas,asaDemocratofdeepandearnest
convictions, was not unfrequcntly an ardent and
active partisan, yet he never found it impossible
for him to subordinate his party feelings and pur-
poses to the higher dictates of public duty. We
have a noble instance of this in the fact that, al-
though defeated by Mr. Lincoln for President,
he voluntarily went forward and offered him the
assistance of his counsels and cooperation in the
interest of the Constitution and the Union. No-
ble conduct—all worthy of imitation ! How un-
like that of the brave but jealous Achilles, who
withdrew from the service of his country lather
than yield to a preferred rival!
l>efore this House or in this city, where all
loved and admired him, it weie needless to dwell
on his remarkable colloquial powers, and his other
innumerable social gifts and virtues; on his gen-
erosity unostentatiously displayed in acts of char-
ity; bis well-known generous and princely hos-
pitality; the gravity and dignity of his manner,
ever softened by cordial warmth and urbanity;
the goodness of his heart; or his unwavering kind-
ness as a husband, a father, and a friend. All
know bow fully the greatness of his mind was
matched by the elevation of his character, and this
knowledge adds immeasurably to the universal
grief at the loss of one so endowed. Greatintel-
lects mark the epochs of the world. They fre-
quently flourish as eotemporanes and followeach
other m quick succession to the grove. As new
and shining constellations, they suddenly appear
in the moral firmament, and, burning with a daz-
zling lighMor a seoson, disappear, leaving a
gloomy void, only to reappear at some remote
and uncertain peimd. Calhoun, Webster, Clay,
and Benton flourished together in tho same, land,
and passed away at short intervals of time.
Douglas, the champion of American liberty, dies
in the New World, and Count Cavour,the cham-
pion of Italian hbei ty, dies soon after m the Old.
The Romans had a generous maxirn that noth-
ing but good should be said of the dead. And
what else may be truthfully said of the lamented
Senator ? Never in this or any other country was
there a man whose eminent merits were recog-
nized with more striking unanimity, or whose
value in such an hour of noed was more generally
