36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
armed men. A word from him made calm from
tempest; and resolved doubt iiltc^ duty. His
thought swayed the tides of public opinion as
vassals to his will. After his hot contests in the
Senate, during the first session of the last Con-
gress; after his Harper essay in development of
his political theories; after his heroic campaign
in the South, closing atNorfolk in his courageous
reply to the questions of the disunionists; after
his struggles of last winter, when he strung his
energies to the utmost in pleading for peace and
conciliation; after all had failed, and anarchy
'stalked with haughty head through the land, and
even jeopardized this metropolis of the nation, it
was the consummate glory of his life to have given
his most emphatic utterance for the maintenance
of the Government, even though its administration
was committed to his old political antagonist, and
although he knew that such expression imperiled
the lives of a hundred thousand of his friends.
Scarcely with any of our public men can Doug-
las be compared. The people like to compare
him to Jackson, for his energy and honesty. He'
was like the great triumvirate—Clay, Webster,
and Calhoun—but "like in difference." Like
them in his gift of political foresight, still ho had
a power over the masses possessed by neither.
Like Ctay,m his charm to make and hold friends
and-to lead his party; like Webster, in the'massive
substance of his thought, clothed in apt political
words; like Calhoun, in the tenacity of his pur-
pose and the subtilty of his dialectics; he yet sur-
passed them all in the homely sense, the sturdy
strength, and indomitable persistence with which
he wielded the masses and electrified the Senate.
In the onslaught of debate hS was ever fore-
most; his crest high and his falchion keen.
Whether his antagonists numbered two or ten,
whether the whole of the Senate were against
him, he could "take a raking fire at the whole
group." Like the shrouded Junius, he dared
Commons, Lords, and King, to the encounter;
but unlike that ten ible Shadow, he sought no
craven covert, but fought in the open lists, with
a muscular and mental might which defied the
unreasoning cries of the mob and rolled back the
thunders of the Executive anathema!
Douglas was no scholar, in the pedantic sense
of the term. His reading was neither classical
nor varied. Neither was he a sciolist. Ilis re-
searches were ever in the line of his duty, but
therein they were thorough. His library was
never clem- i'roni dust. Ilis favorite volume was
the book of human nature, winch he consulted
without much regard to the binding. He was
skilled ill the contests of the bar; but he was more
than a lawyer—he easily separated the rubbish
of the law from its essence. As a jurist, his de-
cisions were uot essays; they had in them some-
thing decisive, after the manner of the best Eng-
lish judges. As a legislator, Ins practicalness cut
away tho entanglements of theoretic learning aiul
ancient precedent, and brought his mind into I ho
presence of the thing to he doneur undone. Ilence
he never criticised a wrong for which he did not
provide a remedy. He never discussed a ques-
tion (hat lie did not propose a measure.
1 lis style wasofthat plain and tough fiber which
needed no ornament. He had a felicity in the use
of political language never equaled by any public
man. He hiul the right word for the right place.
His interrogative method, and his ready and fit
replies, gave dramatic vivacity to his debates.
Ilence thenewspapeis readily copied them and the
people l-etentively remembered them. Gleams
of humor were not infrequent in his speeches, us
in liis conversation. IJis logic had the reach of
the rifled cannon, whieh annihilated while they
silenced the batteries of his opponents.
Douglas was a partisan; but he never wore his
party uniform when his country was in 'danger.
His zeal, like all excess, may have had its defect;
but to hill] who observes the symmetry and mag-
nanimity of his life, it will appear that he always
strove to make his patty conservative of his I
country.
^Tlie tenacity with whiel) he clung to his theory
Oi territorial government, and the extension of
suffrage, on local questions, from State to Terri-
tory, and the absolute non-intervention by Con-
gress for the sake of peace and union, while it
made him enemies, increased the admiration of
his trienus. His nature shines out with its loft-
iest grace antj courage in his debates on these
themes, so nearly connected as he thought them
with the stability of the Republic. *
If it be that every true man is himself a cause,
a country, or an age; if the height of a nation is
the altitude of its best men, then, indeed, are these
enlarged liberalities, which are now fixed as Amer-
ican institutions, but the lengthened shadow of
Stephen A. Douglas. This is the cause—self-
government in State and Territory—with which
he would love most to be identified in his coun-
try's history. He was ready to follow it to any
logical conclusion, having faith in it as a principle
of repose, justice, and union.
Placed at the head of the Territorial Commit-
tee, it was his hand which, on this basis, fash-
ioned Territory after Territory, and led State after.
State into the Union. The latest constellation
formed by California, Iowa, Oregon, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, and I may add Kansas, received their
charter to shine and revolve under his hand.
These States, faithful to his fostering, will ever
remain as monuments of his greatness!
His comprehensive forecast was exhibited ip
his speech on the Clayton and Bulwer treaty, on
the 4th of March, 1853; wherein he enforced a
continental policy suitable and honorable to the
New World and its destiny, now so unhappily
obscured. Tluit speech was regarded by Judge
Douglas as among the most valuable, as I think
it the most finished and cogent spcech of his life.
His philippic against England, which to-day has
its vindication in her selfish conduct towards us,
will remind the scholar of Demosthenes, while his
enlarged philosophy has the sweep and dignity
of Edmund Burke. It was this speech which gave
to Douglas the heart of Young America. He
refused to prescribe limits to the area over which
Democratic principles might safely spread. " I
know not what our destiny may be." "But,"
he continued, " 1 try to keep up with the spirit
of the age; to keep in view the history of the
country; see what we have done, whither we are
going, and with what velocity we are moving, in
order to be prepared for those events which it is
not in the power of man to thwart." He would
not then see the limits of this giant Republic fet-
tered by treaty; neither would he in 1861 see
them curtailed by treachery. If ho Were alive
to-day, he would repent with new emphasis his
warning against England and her unforgiving
spite, wounded pride, and selfish policy. When,
in 1847, lie advocated the policy of terminating
her joint occupation with us of Oregon, he was
ready to back it by military force; and if war
should result, " we might drive Great Britain and
the last vestiges of royal authority from the con-
tinent of North America, and make the United
States an ocean-bound Republic!"
With ready tact and good sense, he brought ta
thcfiscul and commercial problems of the country
views suitable to this age of free interchange and
scientific advancement.
Ills position on the Foreign Affairs Committee
of the Senate "ave hini a aeope of view abroad,
which was enriched by European travel and his-
toric ie.search, and which lie over used for the ad-
vancement of our (lag and honor among the na-
tions. His knowledge of our domestic troubles,
with their hidden rocks and horrid breakers, and
the measures he proposed lo remove them, show
that he wasa statesman of the highest rank, fit for
calm or storm.
Some have lamented his death now as untimely
and unfortunate for Ins own fame, since it lias hap-
pened just at the moment when the politician was
lost in the patriot, and when ho had a chance to
atone for past eiror by new devotion,
Mr. Speaker, men do not change their natures
so ea^ly. The Douglas of 1SG1 was the Douglas
of 1850, 18.-)-!, and 1858, The patriot who de-
nounced this great rebellion was the patriot in
every fold and lineament of his character. There
is not a page of Ins history that we can afford to
blot. The words whieh escaped him in the de-
lirium of his last days—when he heard the " bat-
tle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the
shouting"—were the key note to a harmonious
life.
Observant of the insidious processes Noith and
South which have led us to this civil war, he ever
strove, by adjustment, to avoid their disastrous
effects. History will be false to her trust, if she
does not write that Stephen A, Douglas was a
patriot of matchless purity, and a statesman who,
foreseeing and warning, tried his utmost to avert
the dangers which are now so hard to repress.
Nor will she permit those who now praise his last
great effort for the Union to qualify it, by sinister
reflections upon his former conduct; for thus they
tarnish the luster of a life devoted, in peace and
war, to th,e preservation of the Union. His fame
never had eclipse. Its disk has1 been ever bright
to the eye of history. It sank below the horizon,
like the sun of the Morea, full-orbed, and in the
full blaze of its splendor.
How much we shall miss him here! How can
we, his associates, do without his counsel ? No
longer does the murmur go round that Douglas
is speaking in the Senate;-no longer does the
House become quorumless to listen to his voice !
His death is like the dissolution of a political or-
ganism. Indeed, we could better afford to lose a
sphere of stars from our flag; for these might
wander to return. But Douglas cannot be brought
back to us. He who had such a defiant power,
with the " thews of Analtim and the pulses of a
Titan's heart," has gone upon a returnless jour-
ney. How much shall we miss him now ! We
have so long regarded the political, social, geo-
graphical, and commercial necessities to which
our Government was adapted as rendering it eter-
nal, that its present condition calls for new and
rare elements of statesmanship. Are we equal to
the time and Lhe trust > Oh ! for a Clay, a Web-
ster, a Douglas, in this great ordeal of constitu-
tional freedom ! While the country is entangled
by these serpents of revolution, we shall miss the
giant—the Hercules of the West—whose limbs
had grown sinewy in strangling the poisonous
biood !
Who is left to take his place? Alas ! he has no
successor. His eclipse is painfully palpable,
since it makes more obscure the path by which
our alienated brethren may return. Many Union
men, friends of Douclas in the South, heard of
his demise as the death knell of their loyal hope.
Who, who can take his place? The great men of
1850, who were his mates in the Senate, are gone,
we trust, to that better Union abo-ve, where there
are no distracting counsels—all, all gone! All?
No! thank Heaven ! Kentucky still spares to us
one of kindred patriotism, fashioned in the better
mold of an earlier day—the distinguished states-
man who has just spoken, [Mr. Crittenden]—
whose praise of Douclas living I loved to quote,
and whose praise of Douglas dead, to whieh we
have just listened, " laudari a viro laudato," is
praise indeed; Crittenden still stands here,lift-
ing on high hie whitened head, like a Pharos in
the sea, to guide our storm-tossed and storm-tat-
tered vessel to its haven of rest. His feet tread
closely upon the retreating steps of ourstatesman
of the West. In the order of nature, we cannot
have him long. Alicady his hand is outstretched
into the other world to grasp the hand of Douglas !
While we have him, let us heed his warning,
learn from his lips the lessons of moderation and
loyalty of the elder days, and do all and do it
nobly for our beloved Republic!
In conclusion, sir, we can only worthily praise
Stephen A. Douglas, by doing something to
carry out the will which lie left his children and
his country:
"Love and uphold the Constitution of the United States."
I speak it all reverently when I say that this
was his religion. He had faith in that
"creed of creeds,
The loveliness of perfect deeds."
I would not seek to disclose the future to which
God has consigned him in the mysterious order
of his providence; but such virtue as his cannot
die. It begins to live most in death. Of it may
be said, as the laureate of England sang, that
transplanted human worth will bloom, to profit
otherwhere. The distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] has alluded to the
fact that the mind of Douglas expanded with his
public service. It has been my own humble ob-
servation that he was one among the few pub-
ic men who grew in moral height with- mental
breadth. Year after year inspired him with more
of reverence and chanty; while his « psalm of
life found expression in daily duty done. He
never shrank from the dustand heat of active life.
He most desired to live when dangers were gath-
ering thickest. He would not ask from us to-day
tears and plants, but words which bear the spirit
