1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if
of great deeds—"tremendous and stupendous"
efforts to save the Government he loveu so well.
We may toll the slow bell for his noble spirit;
we may crape the arm in token of our woe; we
may, while we think of the meannesses of our
politics and the distractions of our country, con-
gratulate him that he is wrapped in his shroud,
forever safe in the memory of the just; but if we
would worthily honor him, let us moderate the
heats of party strife; enlarge our view of national
affairs; emulate his clear-eyed patriotism, which
saw in no section his country, out loved all sec-
tions alike; and hold up his life, so fruitful in
wisdom beyond his years, for the admiration of
the old; and picture him for the imitation of the
young as that
" Divinely gifted man
Whose life in low estate began ;
Who gmsped the skirts of huppy chance,
Breasted the blows of circumstance,
And made by i'orcc his merit known;
And lived to clutch the golden keys,
To mold a mighty State's decrees,
And shape the whUper of the throne;
And moving up from high to higher,
Becomes ou loi tune's crowning slope
The pillar of a people's hope,
The ccntcr of a vvoild's desire !"
But, sir, no language, either in prose or verse,
can portray the gieatness of his loss. His fame is
printed in the hearts of the people. From the
Green Mountains of his native State to the white
"tops ofthe Pacific Sierras, while'the heavens bend
above our land to bless it, the rivers roil and the
mountains stand to unite it, or the ceaseless in-
terchange of traffic and thought goes on by sea and
rail, by telegraph or post—the people of America,
from whose midst, as a pooi boy, by his own
self-reliance, he sprung, will preserve jn the Pan-
theon of their hearts, to an immortal memory, the
name of Stephen Arnold Douglas.
Mr. D1VEN. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not rise to
pronounce a eulogy upon the distinguished subject
of these resolutions, it would ill bccome me after
what has been said to attempt it. But, sir, there
was that in the" career of Mr. Douglas to which
I desire to pay a passing tribute, and from which
I believe this Congress can draw profitable in-
struction. Sir, it was not my privilege to be
-ranked among his acquaintances. It was my duty,
as i thought, to. difler with him on the political
questions about which the country was divided.
That difference, sir, was an honestdifference with
me, and i doubt not it was with him. There arc
questions about which the people of this Republic
can and always will difler, and yet be loyal to
their country. The trait in the character and life
of Mr. Douglas to winch I wish to make partic-
ular allusion is this: that after he had gone through
a heated contest for political honors; after he, on
his part, had fought that contest with more than
ordinary zeal; after he was defeated and his rival
had secured the honors for which he had con-
tended ;when this country been me d i£tractcd; when
the steel of the conspirator was thrust at the very
heart of our Republic—Mr. Douglas was the
patriot, and the man to sink all party and to call
all who would listen to his warning voice around
the standard of his country.
Mr. Speaker, let us imitate his example in that.
Onr country is assailed by enemies. Its very ex-
istence is threatened. Men who have differed
politically have united in its defense. Mr. Doug-
las did all his part towards rallying those of his
political sentiments to its defense; to sink all party
differences; and to-day, Democrats, Republicans,
Americans, adopted citizens, are in the field, with
their muskets shoulder to shoulder defending the
institutions of our country. Lot us, until this
question of the supremacy of the Constitution be
decided, m vindication of that Constitution and
of law, like Mr. Douglas, sink party; and let no
voice in ournational councils, until this question
shall be settled, start any of the questions about
which the country has been at variance, and about
which we have differed. Not till we shall have
vindicated the supremacy of our Constitution—not
till the efforts of traitors shall be prostrated, and
loyalty shall be restored—not till the desecration
of our flag shall have been retrieved, and its folds
shall again wave from every standard from the
Gulf to the British possessions—let a single ques-
tion of political difference ever be revived.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of
the many thousands of citizens of Illinois, who
differed in political sentiments from Senator Doug- ;
las, I have btJen selected to express their hearty
approbation and concurrence in all the honors
which can be paid to his memory.
The people of Illinois, a State which had been
the theater of his fiercest political contests, gath-
ered with a common feeling of sorrow around his
too early grave. Indeed, the sentiment of deep
regret caused by his death pervades all classes
and parlies and divisions of our country, and
finds an exception only among the traitors who
are in arms against our flag.
On turning back a few pages of the nation's his-
tory, toe find recorded the death of many of her
distinguished statesmen. Many in this Hall will
vividly remember the death of John Gtuincy
Adams, of Henry Clay, of Thomas H. Benton,
and Silas Wright. Yet i think the popular heart
has responded with a feeling as profound,and as
universal, at the death of Douglas, as of either
of these distinguished men.
He was a bold and self-relying man—a leader
by nature; and has always been, from the com-
mencement of his career, the prominent figure in
Illinois politics. His death has removed from
the political horizon a brilliant star from a singu-
lar constellation of prominent men.
About twenty years ago there practiced at the
same bar, in the small town of Springfield, Illi-
nois, a very remarkable combination of men.
Among them Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States; Stkpiien A. Douglas—not less
distinguished; Lyman Trumbull, the eminent
colleague of Douglas ; James Shields, who won a
high reputation on the battle-fields of Mexico,
and in this Capitol; E. D. Baker, Senator from
Oregon; John J. Hardin, who fell upon the Moody
field of Buena Vista; James A. McPoug'all. Sen-
atoi from California; 0. H. Browning, the suc-
cessor of Judge Douglas. Besides these, there
was the late Governor Rissell, whose eloquence,
in vindication of the bravery of the Illinois vol-
unteers against the aspersions of the traitor Davis,
is still remembered in this House; and there was
also Richard Yates, the present Governor of Illi-
nois, and my distinguished friehdsand colleagues,
Colonels Richardson and McClkrnand. Lin- !
coin, Douglas.Shields, Baker, Bissell, Hardin,
Trumbull, Browning, McDougall,and others,
all cotempomries, form a combination not often
seen around the pine table of a frontier court-
house. Among them are names which Illinois
will ever cherish—names which will brighten her
history. These men, however they may have
diffeied in the past, will be found to-day—those
of them who survive—rallying like a band of
brothers to sustain their country in this its hour
of peril. _ . „_
Among the many incidents in the life of Doug-
las, upon which the people will linger with pleas-
ure, are the relations between him and the Presi-
dent of the United States. Those relations were,
in my opinion, alike honorable to the departed
Senator and the living President.
The country knows they had long been rivals,
the acknowledged leaders of their respective par-
ties. They passed through the senatorial contest
of 1858, (a contest which was really a battle of
giant**,) with then peisonal iclationscoidial and
friendly. ,
The great presidential contest of 1860, in which
victory changed from Douglas to Lincoln, left
them still friends. You, Mr. Speaker, and most
of the members of this House, were witnesses of
the graceful courtesies extended by the distin-
guished Senator to the President elect on his ar-
rival here in February'last. The conduct and
bearing of Douglas were certainly in the highest
degree graceful and magnanimous.
None who witnessed it can ever forget the sccne
on the eastern poitico of this Capitol, when Mr.
Lincoln, in the presence of the representatives of
the people, assumed the sublime prerogatives of
Government, and swore by the eternal God that
he would faithfully support the Constitution and
enforce the laws of his country. Douglas, not j
by accident, stood by his side; and, in the midst 1
of scowling traitors, whispered in the ear of the
President that, come what might in the dark and
cloudy future darkening before him, he would
stand by the Government and strengthen its aim
to crush treason and rebellion.
Nobly has the departed- Senator redeemed that
pledge. He returned to Illinois, and at Spring-
field and Chicago, in his own: bold and direct la 
guage, declared that there could be but'two par>
ties now, the patriots who stood by their pountry
and its flag, and the traitors who were seeking .to
destroy it. f
And it was for this,, and because he, rose from
party to patriotism, that all the peopje gathered,
around his grave, and to-day mingletheir regrets
utterly forgctful-of former party divisions".
Of the services he rendered to his country I for-
bear to speak. History will do him justice. But
there are two institutions of my pwn State with
which his name will be forever associated. Prefer
to the Illinois Central railroad and the Chicago
University. As a Representative of Illinois, I
desire to express her grateful recognition of his
most important aid rendered to these great and
beneficent institutions; they will remain monu-
ments to his memory more enduring than marble
or brass.
He loved Illinois, and was filled with a gener-
ous ambition to advance her interests. He had a.
clcar and strong appreciation of the necessity of
the Union to securc her future greatness. Living
near the great portage which divides the waters
which flow into the Atlantic from those which,
flowing west and south, find their outrlet in the
Gulf, he saw that the millions of freemen of the
great Northwest could never permit "themselves
to be cut off cither from the East or the South. ^
He well knew that Illinois, the fourth State in
rank in the Urrion, the empire State of the North-
west, the young State that looks back on old
Virginia, with her black burden, lagging far be-
hind her—the Sfate that treads hard upon the heels
of Ohio and Pennsylvania, and that in the future
challenges New York to a generous and friendly
rivalry for imperial position—he knew and felt
and expressed her settled purpose never toper-.
mit a foreign nation to interfere between her and
the mouth of the great .river which washes her
western boundary. For this Illinois will cher-
ish his memory as long as Lake Michigan shall
roll her blue waves upon the shore where sleep
his remains.
Douglas died at a moment when he had the
ability and the disposition to have rcndeied the
greatest services to his country. He died on the
eve of this grapple between government and an-
archy; between law and lawlessness; between
liberty and slavery; between civilization and bar-
barism; the result of which is to shape the des-
tiny of this continent.
Had he lived he would have led this grand,
sublime, uprising of the people—this majestic
popular movement now sweeping onward like the
deep and lcsistless volume of waters of the great
lakes over Niagara—he would have led it on-
ward to &ush and overwhelm this wicked rebel-
lion.
Yes, Mr. Sneaker, had he lived until this day,
there would have been heard in these Hails no
voice louder, clearer, more emphatic than his,
demanding action, action—prompt, vigoroust deci-
sive action.
Mv. WALTON, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
while many States are to-day assembled, through
then* representatives in the Senate and this House,
as mourners at the loss of one who has achieved
far more than ordinal y honors in the public ser-
vice, and a measure of popular admiration and
attachment accorded to but few statesmen of his
years m any age or nation, there is one State dis-
tinguished from all others—I will not say by the
sincerity of her grief, when all alike are sincerely
grieved, but I may tiuly say for the singularity
of her grief. A mother weeps for her son. His
fame was national; Veimont remembers that hers
is the fjarental share. His death, in the very
crisis of a nation's fate, was a national calamity;
but Vermont remembers that her loss is much
more than the common share. ' Her son is dead.
She clad herself in mourning on the announcement
of what was, to human judgment, an untimely
death; and all her children murmured the accents
of sorrow. It is fit then, to-day, for Vermont to
join in these funereal honors; and, by my^col-
leagues, it has been deemed most fit that I, rys the
Representative of the district m which the de-
ceased Senator was born, and of the people among
whom he was bred, should at least offer a memo-
rial tribute, however humble it may be. ;
Stephen Arnolb Douglas was born in Bran-
