1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.■it
the matter was, that in the resolution now before
the Senate, it is provided that these acts shaii be
" legal and valid to the same intent and with the
same effect as if they had been issued and done
under the previous express authority and direc-
tion of the Congress of the United States." Now,
what power have we ov^r the increase of the
Army and the increase of the Navy, if we do
legalize the acts which the President has already
done ? He has called out so many men, and di-
vided them into so many regiments. Can we say
he shall notbrmg out those men, or have so many
regiments? And so in regard to the Navy. It
seems to me that if this resolution is adopted as
it now is, there will be very little left for us to do.
If, however, as I have no hostility to either of
those measures, and shall probably vote for them,
the Senate is ready to adopt them in this way, I
am entirely content; only I want to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the condition of tilings.
Mr. POLK. For one, sir, I prefer that this
joint resolution should go over until another day.
At some time or other—I am not ready to do so
now—I may desire to express some views in op-
position to it. The President tells us also, that
we arc to have an opinion from the Attorney
General that will bear on the subject-matter of
this resolution. I presume that there are other
gentlemen, also, who wish to address the Senate
on the subject. I do not see that there is any
particular hurry for it, and I would prefer myself,
for one, that the resolution should not bp con-
sidered or passed to-day, but should go over until
to-moi 10 w, or some other day that will be agree-
able to the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it of vast im-
portance that all this business be done promptly.
I came here to indorse the preliminary action of
the Government. I hope that may be done, and
that all our bills may pass without debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, with the
permission of the Senate 1 will say a word upon
the idea thrown out by the Senator from Mis-
souri. It is very evident to everybody that it is
quite important that this session of Congress
should be a short one, and that we should act
promptly upon the measures that are brought
before the Senate. Therefore, it cannot be ex-
pected that business will take the course that it
has ordinarily taken with reference to the action
upon bills. We have but three or four subjects
to act upon. They are extraordinary; called for
by an extraordinary occasion. Hence, while
there certainly can be no objection to giving any
time that is absolutely necessary for the gentle-
man to make what remarks he chooses to make j
on the subject, it is altogether beyond any reason- ;
able expectation that business shall go on as it
has done at ordinary sessions, and be protracted
from day to day on the mere suggestion of Sen-
atois that on some future occasion they desire to
make remarks upon it; because m that way the
session of Congress might be protracted until the
next regular session, and delays, which are not
only dangerous but at this particular time posi-
tively injurious, would necessarily take place.
For this reason, while, I should ccrteinly have no
objection to deferring the consideration of this
subject until to-morrow, if the Senator is not
ready to-day, I shall oppose any further post-
ponement after that.
Mr. POLK. I believe I only suggested a post-
ponement until to-morrow. What 1 may have to
say on the subject will probably not be very ox-
tended; but there *re other Senators whose chairs
I observe are now vacant, that may probably wish
to give their views on the mattets involved in this
'oint resolution. I agree with the Senator from
aine, that we ought to act with ail proper celer-
ity on the matters that are before us; and, as I
have not at any former session of the Senate in-
terposed useless delay in any way, 1 certainly-
shall not do so at the present session. I want to
make it as short as the Senator from Maine does.
Under the circumstances in which the country is,
ami especially the circumstances in which my
own State is, I desire to get away from Wash-
ington as soon as possible. The suggestion I
made was not for the purpose of dclajf at all. I
think, therefore, that perhaps speed in the trans-
action of business may be secured by letting this
matter go over at least until to-morrow, i hope
it will be postponed.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senate has
is;
been in session nearly one week, and we have
done nothing as yet. Here is a resolution plain
and simple to the comprehension of every man,
and I hope the Senate will continue to consider
this measure until it is ready to vote upon it, and
that we shall continue to press our business as
rapidly as possible. I suppose no one wishes to
sit here during the hot days of summer for any
great length of" time. It seems to me we might
as well adjourn a week frorruhis time as not, with-
out any trouble. I hope, therefore, that this meas-
ure will not be laid aside. If the Senator does
not wish to speak to-day, there arc other ques-
tions of the same kind upon which he can address
the Senate. Here are half a dozen bills relating
to the Army before the Senate. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senator will not ask us to lay this
resolution aside at this time, and I hope the Sen-
ate will continue the consideration of it until it is
ready to vote upon it.
Mr. SAULS8URY. Mr. President, although
it is true tlaat the Senate has been in session for
nearly a week, it is equally true that this joint
resolution has only been on the tables of Senators
for about one day, having been placed there yes-
terday. It would therefore, I apprehend, be hur-
rying us somewhat in the indorsement of every
act the Administration has done to require that
we should now proceed to the discussion of tho
very grave questions of constitutional law involved
in the consideration of this resolution. Whatever
necessity there may be for pressing the consider-
ation of other bills, there can be none for pressing
the consideration of this resolution, for it pro-
poses no act tending to the rolief of tho country.
It is a simple indorsement of the acts which the
President of the United States has seen proper
to do. I am not here, on this motion to post-
pone, to say that any of those acts ore wrong. I
think the President of the United States has been
justified in some of the acts that he has done; but
there may be very serious questions arising
whether every Senator on this side of the floor
can be expected in this summary manner to
indorse alt his acts.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that this resolu-
tion has been before the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that they are unanimous upon it. As
I said, lam in favor of the measures indicated
by this clause of the resolution; and lest I should
be supposed to be delaying in any way the meas-
ures of the Administration, if I may be per-
mitted to do so, I will withdraw the amendment
f offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdraw his amendment. The amendment is
withdrawn. If no further amendment be offered,
the hill will be reported to the Senate. -
Mr. POLK. I believe I moved to postpone
the bill until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand the Senator as making the motion.
The question is on the motion to postpone.
Mi. DIXON. I hope that may not be done.
It seems to me we may proceed to the consider-
ation of this joint resolution for the reasons given
by the Senator from Massachusetts. I trust it
will not be postponed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish simply to say,
that I think this matter lias been considered by
every Senator, and counsel will be of little avail
heie among ourselves. There is no Senator on
this floor who has not made up his mind about
what he is going to do. Iam prepaied to acton
it now, and 1 should like to see it disposed of at
once.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I suppose there is
no diversity of opinion about the propriety of rat-
ifying aH the action taken by our Government for
the defense and protection of its authority against
the insurrection that exists m the country. I pro-
pose, however, to offer an amendment to this joint
resolution, without any extended remarks; it is a
question that needs no extended debate; but in-
asmuch as, in my opinion, it is not desirable on an
emergency of this kind to increase permanently
the standing Army, I propose the following pro-
viso, to be inserted at the end of the resolution,
as a guard against any such construction that
might be given to it. 1 offer it to this resolution,
although, peihaps, it would come more properly
on some subsequent bill:
Provided, Thatwitlim &ix months aftci the constitutional
authority of the United States Government shall be rees-
tablished, and organized resistance to tfoeh authority'
no longer exist, the standing Army shall be reduced-in its
organization to the footing, m rank and numbers, author-
ized by law on the 1st day of July, 1881.
It will be perceived that this is a simple propo-?
sition, which does not go into detail or propose
how it shall begone; but it is like the ratification
of acts of the President, which requires subse-
quent bills to carry it out.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to ma]<e a simple
statement in relation to my own course upon this
joint resolution. During my absence from the *
Senate, I understand the Senator from NewHana| -
shire [Mr. Clark] stated that the Committee on
Military Affairs were unanimous in reporting it.
Such was not the case. I believe all the commit-
tee present agreed to all its provisions exceptrfty^
self. ^ I agree to all the propositions indorsed^by
.this joint resolution, with two exceptions; and!
am not prepared to indorse the action of the Pres-
ident in relation to these two unless further in-
; formation is given to this body .thanthatwhichis
: now before it. I have as yet seen no necessity, -
nor have I heard a good reason given—and I have
made some inquiries in relation to it—why the
regular Army was permanently increased prior to
the assembling of Congress. So far as the exi-
gencies of the country were concerned, making it
necessary to order out the military, I believed that
the volunteer force of the country would have
been sufficient and ample for such exigencies. 1
know that the Committee on Military Affairs, and
I think Congress itself, will find great embarrass-
ment growing out of this increase of the regular
Army of the country.
So far as the proclamation suspending the writ
of habeas corpus between the city of Philadelphia
and Washington city is concerned, I have as yet
heard no reason for that extraordinary measure.
Iam not prepared to indorse blindfold everything
the Government may do. While I am perfectly
willing to give my sanction to all acts of the
Government which may have been deemed requi-
site to sustain its dignity and its honor, and to en-
force obedience to its laws, beyond that I am not
willing to go; and therefore, without additional
light, I shall feel it my duty to vote against the
fourth and fifth propositions in the preamble
named by this joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment submitted by the Senatorfrom
New York.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from New York, byadding imme-
diately after the word " Army," the words " and
Navy."
Mr. KING. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
accept it as part of his own ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York, as modified.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. While I am willing to sanction every-
thing that the President haw done, so far as I know
in this matter, I think we have need of abundant
caution, that we arc not at this time run into
measures that look to a permanent increase either
of the Navy or the Army. There is no single
feature of the great movement that has taken
place in the loyal States that has given me greater
and moie unalloyed satisfaction than the gene-
rous rallying of the people, with blood and treas-
ure, at a moment's call; demonstrating the great
truth upon which every republican Government
rftust rest now and forever, that there is no great
necessity for standing armies here. You do not
want standing armies. This movement has shown
that the whole of the free States are a great stand-
ing army. When the telegraphic dispatch came
from the Secretary of War to the Governor of
j the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, he had a
I regiment gatheied from the various towns in the
| Commonwealth, under way marching to the seat
j of Government, in less time than a legimentof
the regular Army ordinarily moves out of bar-
racks after they have been ordered to move. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
My friend from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] asks
me how it was m New Hampshire? I will tell
him how it was. We had entirely lost all mili-
tary organization in New Hampshire. When
the order arrived there, it was sent to the towns,
