1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
timents of various Slates of the Confederacy, and
it should be here to act according to the convic-
tions of its members. I thoroughly approve of
that, and hope the Chair will act upon the sug-
gestion it has made of preserving entire order.
1 said the Senator from Massachusetts did not
act with his usual fairness when, instead of leav-
ing this proposition to be voted upon by the Sen-
ate on its merits, he suggested that it was an ob-
struction to the expression of the Senate upon
the measures of the Administration.^ As I said,
I have been, am now, and shall continue while I
breathe, to be as hearty as any man m favor of
vigorous measures to support the constituted
authorities of this country anywhere, and at all
times. I did not snggestto the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that there was a desire in him, or in
anybody, and I do not believe there is, under the
present emergency which requires of us extraor-
dinary measures, to procure the adoption of
measures which shall be of a permanent charac-
ter, and extend far beyond the difficulties that now
exist.
Mr. President, I have never doubted that this
insurrection, let it be as large as it may he in this
country, would be thoroughly put down. I have
entire faith in the perpetuity of this Republic and
in the preservation of the Union of all the States.
I do not believe that an inch of the territory
within our national boundaries is ever to be lost
to this country, certainly not under any difficul-
ties of this kind; and I would prosecute the course
which has been begun as vigorously as I could.
My opinion has constantly been, that everywhere,
as fast as insurrection assembled, it should be
reached, and dispensed as rapidly as it could be;
and that the idea of conciliation to men in arms
against the country should be cntcuamcd with
great care and deliberation. If there was on any
side of a straight litic a doubt in rcferencc to what
was wisest and best, I would concede and it is
clearly my opinion that forbearance would be the
side to err upon*, for, bad us the&e men arc behav-
ing, they are our countrymen. I would therc-
foie picfer to forbear more than I should to be
severe; but my judgment is, that mercy to them,
as well as to the whole country, will be best pro-
moted by vigorous and efficient measures against
them.
I offered this proposition without any intention
to delay the Senate five minutes. It is a simple
proposition, whether under this emergency it is
desirable that we shall increase, by more than
double, the standing Army of the country. My
opinion is, that it is not wise or best to do it.
There is nothing in my proposition which will
prohibit, when we reach tho termination of these
difficulties, tho action of Congress in increasing
the standing Army, if the condition of things ex-
isting at that time requires it; but I would not do
it now. I would do all and everything for this
emergency; but I would not take this occasion
to make permanent laws in relation to these es-
tablishments for tiie countiy. However, 1 will
not continue thi« debate so as to piotractthc time;
I prefer voting.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, being
a member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and having voted to report this joint resolution,
the Senate3 will pardon me but a moment for giv-
ing my reasons for that vote, and for the vote
which I shall give in this body.
The proclamation of the President of the Uni-
ted States for the organization of eleven addi-
tional regiments to the regular Army contem-
plates a jieunanent addition to the regular Army.
The amendment cf the honorable Senator from
New York, as I understand it, contemplates sim-
ply a temporary addition to the regular Army
during the war. I believe that, from the manner
in which these eleven regiments have been con-
stituted, it will be impracticable to make any such
reduction at the close of the war. They are already
officered and organized as regiments. The offi-
cers are commissioned in the regular Army pre-
cisely as every other tegular Army officer is com-
missioned. One half ot the officers of the eleven j
picked corps of officers upon whom we must rely
in any emergency.
But I have a reason stronger than that; and it
is this: I believe the contemplated increase does
not make the regular Army too large for a peace
establishment, nor do I believe it makes it quite
large enough, it is known to every.military gen-
tleman that regular force in the same numbers
may be employed at vastly less expense than the
volunteer corps, and that for many purposes they
are moro efficicnt. No man iti this body is prouder
of tho volunteer corps than I am. I have had
many occasions to be proud of my native land,
but 1 am prouder to-day of the position assumed
by the Republic than I have ever been before. I
have witnessed that universal and overpowering
enthusiasm which has swept over all the loyal
States of the Union, calling into existence, in
sixty days, almost three humlred thousand vol-
unteers. I am proud of this; and I rest with per-
fect confidence in the belief that, under ordinary
circumstances, a volunteer force will be sufficient
for the enforcement of the laws and for the main-
tenance of the Government underwhich we live.
But when the proclamation was issued some six
weeks ago by the President, upon full consulta-
tion with the Cabinet, and under the advice of
the most distinguished military njen in the coun-
try, what were our circumstances? The red right
hand of armed rebellion was raised to strike down
the Government under which we live—the freest,
happiest, grandest Government upon earth; and
tho President was suddenly called upon to put
down this armed rebellion. Every effort which
he has made to that purpose meets my most heai ty
and cordial cooperation and support. I believe
that this increase of the regular Army is neces-
sary. 1 believe if we had had a standing Army of
forty thousand true men last January, the present
disastrous condition which has overtaken the
country never would have befallen it. I think,
' fiom the manner in which these new regiments
! arc officered and the increase to the regular Army
' is proposed to be made, that hereafter we shall
j have no defection in the regular Army, and may
! rely with confidence upon it.
1 One remark fell ftom the honorable Senator
! from Maiyland, to which I must at this moment
| enter my dissent; and that was, if I understood
\ him correctly, that he believed that coercion was
' the means most calculated to bring about a de-
struction of the Union and the Government. I be-
lieve it is the only means by which the Union and
theGovcrnmentcan be supportedand maintained.
I would use all the power of the regular Army
and the volunteer force until this rebellion was
crushed out. 1 would contemplate no peace which
involved the loss of one single acre of-fchc national
territories, or would change the map of the Uni-
ted States. 1 will sanction no peace winch does
not imply death to the armed traitors who are
leading this lebdlion, and not simply a death un-
der the steel of the soldier, but the felon's death
with the halter is the fate I would reserve for every
singleleaderin thisconspiracy;and_I would march
your troops freely wheresoever it is necessary to
march them in putting down this rebellion.
These are my opinions, and I cannot suffer this
occasion to pass withoutgiving uttciance to them.
So far as compromise and conciliation are con-
cerned, I have only this to say: that there is no
compromise necessary. If these gentlemen aban-
don their position of armed rebellion and return
to their allcgiance, there is an end of the matter.
The Constitution of the Republic is the wisest
regiments are taken from the old Army,
ferred from their former position and rank and
command, and assigned a new rank and command ;i
in the eleven regiments. If the eleven regiments j|
shall be reduced at the close of the war, the ten- |j
dency is, and, as it seems to me, the result must 1
inevitably be, to throw out of the Army the very 1|
compromise nf eon fl ic.ti ligopinions and sentimen ts
that has ever been made or evercan be made. Upon
all the compromises of that Constitution l stand,
and rest my hope for the perpetuity of the Gov-
erment.
Mr. KENNEDY. I did allude, Mr. Piesident,
to my distaste of the doctrine of coercion; and,
notwithstanding the lofty panegyric that the hon-
orable Senator has paid to the glory, the g""at~
ness, and the grandeur of this country—all of
which 1 indorse—I am more persuaded now than
■, I have ever been before that force applied by armies
trans- of hundreds of thousands upon either side is not
the way to secure and to maintain the Union of
these States. 14iave held that opinion since the
very beginning of our troubles. I coincided with
able and distinguished Senators upon this floor,
who, at the last session of Congress, raised their
voices against the adoption of a measure and
policy of that sort. I am as persuaSed now as I
1 am of anything ou the face of the earththat
you may fight for twenty years and you cannot
restore this country to Jhe position in which-it
was before th? rebellion, as you call it, broke out,
I call it a revolution. Whether it is right or
wrong, I do not now mean to discuss; but it is
my solemn conviction that you will never recon-
struct the Union by the sword. There was a time,
I admit, when peace could have been restored to
the country without a compromise of honor upon
the part of the majority portion of this Senate. I
think now that things have gone so far that.little
is left to the country to hope for from tlys course
of coercion which is now being pursued. Lphould
be glad, to-day, to accept any measure ofconcil-
iation. I -am willing to make any concession to
bring this country back to the point wherefore
stood one ye:\r ago; but I do not#bclieve we shall
ever get back to it by the force of arms.
I did not, however, sir, intend to discuss this
branch of the subject. I am not now prepared
to go into the general discussion of the questions
involved in this issue; but there was one remark
made by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee oil Military Affairs, who reported this joint
resolution, that makes it necessary for me to ask
him a question. "The honorable Senator said that
he could not conceive how any Senator upon this
As m- could not fully indorse every proposition
hud down in this resolution. May 1 ask the hon-
orable Senator if he is apprised of any^ necessity
for, or of any reasons that require or justify the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpusm the State
of Maryland ? If so, I should like to know them.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator wishes an an-
swer, I will say that I think the existence of a
band of conspirators in the city of Baltimore, men
who organized murder and shot down in tho
streets of that city brave men who were rallying
at the call of their country to defend the capital
of the nation and uphold the cause of the Repub-
lic, is a full, complete justification of the Presi-
dent in authorizing General Scott to suspend.the
writ of habeas corpus in and about that city. There
is no spot on thiscontinent, none whatever, where
there have been blacker traitors than in and about
the city of Baltimore—men ready for murder, for
any crime—men who were organizing rebellion
in that city, secreting arms that have since been
discovered and taken from the men who have
been arrested. If there ever was in any portion
of the Republic any spot of earth, or any time,
where and when the writ of lutbeas corpus ought
to be suspended, the city of Baltimore was the
spot, and the last few weeks the time, for its sus-
pension.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am glad that the Senator
has given me an opportunity to make a statement
in reference to the unfortunate occurrence of the
19th of April, in Baltimore. I fully concur with
him that there have existed in Baltimore many
dangerous secret organizations. No man laments
more sincerely and truly than I do the deplorable
occurrence of the 19th of April; but it is due to
truth to say here, that the police and thecitygov-
ernment of Baltimore resisted and put down that
mob, and gave protection to the regiment from
the State ot the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. No body of men were
ever more zealous to perform their duty, and did
it more daringly and openly, than the mayor,
city authorities, and police of Baltimore, on that
day. It is true, a mob did suddenly spring up.
No one knew anything of it. It was unorgan-
ized, not led, whatever may have been the im-
pressions regarding its organization throughout
the country. I, a resident of that city, upon my
honor state here, that I had never heard of any
such organization before. It was one of those
sudden outbreaks that have been of frequent oc-
currence, not only in Baltimore, but in all the
large cities of this country. It was without head
apparently; and no one did more to suppress that
mob, and to protect the troops from Massachu-
setts marching through, than one ot .the persons
now suffering under this very suspension of the
writ of habeas corfus—1 allude to Marshal Kane.
1 am perfectly aware that j\darshal Kane s opm-
ions and sentiments were favorable to southern
views. I do not have, and never have had, polit-
ical affiliation or cooperation with the secession
party in Maryland. To the formation of that
police I was originally opposed. I opposed the
