THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
manner in which it was created. I belong to a
party opposed to that which inaugurated it. I
hold ho political affinity with those gentlemen,
and have never received floors from them; but it
is due to truth to say—and Fwould" appeal to the
Massachusetts regiment itself to say whether this
very man, Marshal Kane, did not interpose his
life between them and the mob, fighting gallantly
to conduct the troops through the city? The
mayor of the ctty himself went in front of the
troops, in the face of the rfiost deadly assault,
amidst a shower of stones and missiles of all
Kinds.
Notwithstanding the firing of guns, and every
attack Ufat could be made on them, the mayor
and the marshal placed themselves at the head of
the troops with their police, and marched them
through the city, and got them out of it at the
earliest possible 'Moment, at the imminent risk of
.their own lives, which were endangered at every
point. Now, the marshal of police, because he
has entertained certain opinions, on a mere sus-
picion that he has been aiding and abetting secret
organizations, has been taken out of the hands of
the civil authority and incarcerated in a fortress,
without the means of vindicating himself from
these charges before the country, But, sir, not-
withstanding he and I have ever been politically
opposed, I will do him the justice to say, that no
police force in this country ever exerted itself
more nobly and more daringly than did the po-
lice force of Baltimore on the 19th of April, to
maintain and enforce the dignity of the laws.
That is the truth, sir; and let me here say to Sen-
ators, that there has been much of misrepresenta-
tion about Baltimore. I will say further, that I
believe information has been imparted to the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of misleading the Admin-
istration, and creating a military authority in that
city for local political purposes, solely and wholly,
and for nothing else.
Now, Mr. President and Senators, I am not
here to vindicate the secession wing of the State
of Maryland. They regard me as in utter oppo-
sition to their leading principles. My views do
not coincide at all with theirs; but I have the
honor of my State to vindicate, and I should be
recreant to my trust if I did not stand here and
endeavor to vindicate the State from so foul and
general a calumny as public rumor seems to have
fastened upon her. I am glad that the Senator
has alluded to the mob of the 19th of April; a
mob-that was suppressed; a mob that could have
been held at any time afterwards by the city au-
thorities, without any foreign intervention, as the
only pretext Tor the action to which I have called
attention.
Before I take my seat, let me say a word in
regard to the secretion of arms in the city of Bal-
timore, about which we have heard so much. Let
me tell the Senator and the Senate, that the whole
aggregate of the arms discovered has been three
hundred and twenty-one. Sixty-live of these were
pistols that weie taken from a mob in former days
in a contest between the Governor of Maryland
and Mayor Swann of the city of Baltimore.
Many of these old guns were taken from the
armories on the requisition of Governor Ligon,
when he sought to take the authority of the city
out of the hands of the mayor. Many of the
troops reported to the mayor instead of the Gov-
ernor, and their arms were taken from the armo-
ries, and secreted in all sorts of hiding places,
wherever they could be put. The wiiole story of
eight thousand arms is a fabrication. The official
return which I now read from the Clipper, a
paper more fully sustaining the Administration
than any other in Baltimore, shows that the whole
number is three hundred and twenty-one. In the
list are to be found worthless arms of all sorts and
kinds. There was a very considerable amount of
powder, of cartridges, of other munitions of wai-
tlist had been lying secreted in these places for
one or two years past. The following is the official
inventory of the war material seized :
2 six-pounder iron guns ; 2 four-pounderiron gulls; } ton
assorted shot; \ keg shot for steam-gun; 120 flint musket.-.;
2 Hall's carbines; 46 rifles ; 3 double-barreled shot guns;
8 single-barreled shot guns; 9 horse pistols ; 65 small pis-
tots; 112 bullet moulds; -1 cwt. ball;-; 8 dirk krnve^; 5
swords; 8 kettle drums; 1 lotscrew-diiver^; 1 box niu- ket
cartridges ; 33 gum coats ; 44 copper flasks; 20 small flasks ;
18 musket-.; 117 canisters; 1 lot flannel bags; 12 old mus-
kets ; 25 lMinie muskets; 47 Hall's carbines; 1 lot of sloiv
matches; 48,000 pcieussion caps; 2 kegs ball cartridges;
1.000 riflo ball cartridges; 73j Hall's rifle cartridges; 3,162
round ball cartridges; 6,520 long ball Minie cartridges;
8 canister shot; 1 ball, 12-pounder, labeled "from Fort
Sumter to Col. kane." * "
I observe by the Baltimore papers of. to-day,
that a late discovery at the western police station,
of which so much has been heard, turns out to be
a portion of some ammunition sent to a gentleman
in Virginia during the John Brown affair at Har-
per's Ferry. The party to whom it was directed
not claiming it, it wag sent by the officer of the
railroad who held it to the western policf station
for safe-keeping, in order that it might not be ex-
posed or get into improper hands. A part of it
was powder, which was stored away in a loft in
the station-house, where it has been for some
considerable time past. -
Mr. President, I am bound in frankness to make
these statements in vindication of my city, lhavc
no doubt that extreme political partisans will deny
these statements, and seek to asperse my motives.
I have no ambition to gratify or motives to sub-
serve beyond the duty 1 owe as a faithful and fear-
less representative; and whether distasteful ornot
to parties whose interest it is to keep up factious
issues and violent partisan excitement for local
political advantages, yet I dare, in the discharge
of a conscientious duty, to state to the Senate
what I believe -to be the true history of all the
sedition and unlawful movements that has caused
the military occupation of Baltimore.
This is the whole story of the terrible secret
organization in the city of Baltimore, of which so
much has been heard. 1 am free to say here, sir,
that I do not believe to-day the armed secession
fighting force of Maryland is five thousand men.
Out of a vote of seventy-five thousand at the re-
cent election in the State of Maryland, the Union
majority approximated to nearly twenty thou-
sand, and of the remaining twenty thousand, there
were certainly ton thousand men who wore for
peaceable separation, who would not to-day take
up arms against the Government of the United
States. Yet, on account of the clamor that has
been made about the dangers of a secret associ-
ation—a terrible combination that was to hurl
Maryland out of the Union—there has been an
exercise of arbitrary power over the State of Mary-
land, as we say and think, without the slightest
necessity, and, indeed, without the authority of
law. Mr. President, I will take another occasion
to present my views more fully to the Senate.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President,asa member of
the Military Committee, agreeing heartily in the
report of its chairman of the bills now upon your
table, I deem it proper to seize this early oppor-
tunity to state the principles by which 1 propose
to be governed during what I hope will be this
very short session of the Senate.
I approve, as a personal and political friend of
the President, of every measure of his adminis-
tration in relation to the rebellion at prc'sentruging
in this country. I propose to ratify whatever
needs ratification. 1 propose to render my clear
and distinct approval not only of the measure,
but of the motive which prompted it. 1 propose
to lend the whole power of the country, arms,
men, money, and place them in his hands, with
authority almost unlimited, until the conclusion
of this struggle. He has asked for §400,000,000.
We propose to give him $500,000,000. He has
asked for four hundred thousand men. Wo pro-
pose to give him half a million; and for my part,
if, as I do not apprehend, the emergency should
be still greater, 1 will cheerfully add a cipher to
either of these figures.
But, sir, while 1 do that, I desire, by my word
and my vote, to have it elearly understood that I
do that as a measure of war. As I had occasion
to say, in a very early discussion of this question,
I want sudden, bold, forward, determined war;
and 1 do not think anybody can conduct war of
that kind as well as a dictator. But, as a Sen-
ator, 1 deem it my duty to look forward to return-
ing peace. I do not believe it will be longer than
next February
" Till danger's tiotibled night is o'er,
And the star of peace leturns."
Whether that peace shall be conquered at Rich-
mond, or Montgomery, or Nevtf Orleans, or in
the wilds of Texas, I uo not presume to say; but
I do know, if I may use so buld a word, that the
determined aggregated power of the whole people
of this country—all its treasure, all its arms, all
I its blood, all its enthusiasm, kindled, concen-
trated, poured out in one mass of living valor upon
any foe—will conquer.
Here, as a Senator, looking beyond the imme-
diate contingency, I still desire to show by my
"conduct and my vote that I venerate the princi-
ples of the Constitution of the United States. I
believe that a standing army is always dangerous
to liberty; and I believe that the ambition of men,
and the interests of men, and the tendency of
power to the lust of power, always seeks and
finds excuses for the increase and continuance of
standing armies in all public emergencies. No
standing army ever was raised even in a despotic
Government, except under some pretense of main-
taining good order or putting down resistance to
good government. Therefore, while I cheerfully
add to the standing Army, though i confess that
would not have been the policy I should have
preferred, while I cheerfully yield my acquies-
cence in the measuresof the Administration, which
asks a large increase of the standing Army for
purposes of war, I propose to limit it to the time
when that war exists. Upon consultation with
my very distinguished friend from New York, I
was happy to find that we agreed. Six months
after the termination of this controversy, I desire
to see the Army reduced to the peace establish-
ment.
Now, sir, what is said in reply to that? My
distinguished friend before me, [Mr. Lane of In-
diana,] himself a military man, says that you
cannot reduce the Army because of the peculiar
'construction of the eleven new regiments proposed
to be organized. Why, sir, if you cannot reduce
the Army merely because you organize it, it is
very dangerous to organize it at all. Ho says,
and says truly, as I believe, that you pick out
from the old Arniy very many excellent officers,
and put them at the head of the new regiments.
What then? The power that places them there
can remove them, can restore them to their old
rank in the Army, or (what in my judgment is
far better still) can do this: Congress, perhaps by
the very proviso suggested by the Senator from
New York, can put it in the power of the Presi-
dent, nay more, make it his duty, to reduce the
Army, both men and officers, to the old standard,
selecting the good and rejecting the bad. I am
not anxious that the eleven new regiments should
go out as a body. I am very willing that all men
who prove themselves able and valiant in the war
shall remain within the numbers we propose. I
do not desire to reject at the end of the war any
particular regiment or body of men. I very much
prefer that the Presidentshallsay; "Gentlemen,I
nave fifty thousand valiant men who have well
approved themselves in the face of the foe. A just
regard to constitutional liberty and the advic'c of
Congress requires me to reduce your numbers to
twenty thousand. I select from you as I best can
those who are the boldest and the wisest and the
bravest." The point is not the manner of effecting
the reduction, but shall the reduction itself be
effected.
Now, sir, what are the reasons for it? In the
first place, to give vigor and efficiency to this war
we want money. To get money, we must have
credit. We must assure the world—not only our
own nation, but the world—that we are going to
provide sacredly for the payment of the interest
upon the public debt which we are so rapidly
creating. What can do so much to establish and
secure that confidence, as to show a stern determ-
ination in advance to limit all the public expend-
itures? And, sir, I have no difficulty in doing it
in this very matter. Men are made lieutenants,
captains, majors, colonels, generals, by the score;
and we all have friends and kinsmen who are made
so. They may say, " we have done .bravely or
are going to do bravely; it is hard to turn us out."
If we do not begin with a declaration beforehand
that we are going to do it, it will be impossible to
accomplish it. Men will come here scarred; men
will come here bearing on their person the marks
of their devotion to the country; the history of
that country will be full of illustrations of their
valor, and it will be very hard to do it; but if you
tell them now, "Gentlemen, we call you out from
the country—colonels, majors, captains, lieuten-
ants—for a special purpose, not for a life office;
we call on you now to come out and serve the
country, and give you fair notice that the country
is too poor and it will be too peaceful to require
your services longer, "nobody can complain then.
