48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
contemplate the case of a State, or of seven States,
assuming,in theircorporate capacity,to withdraw
themselves from the Union, and to say that the
Constitution and the laws of the Union as a whole
shall not operate over them. When a State as-
sumes that attitude, and the attempt is made to
enforce the laws under such circumstances, it is
in effect and in fact a coercion of "the State; and
that proposition is the very proposition which
was intended to be ignored and discarded by the
framers of the Constitution, for it was presented
and voted down repeatedly, in the different shams
in which it was offered, in the convention tmit
adopted the Constitution. Sir, the wisdom of our
fathers is shown in the fact that on the very first
occasion in which this coercion of a State is at-
tempted, the nation is involved in a war—a war
of gigantic proportions, as has been well said on
the other side.
Furthermore, sir, it is clear to" me that this war
is brought on under an act that contemplates no
such a case as lijis existed since the 4th of March
.last, but an act that contemplates resistance or
obstruction to the execution of the laws by indi-
viduals in a given State, and of a particular local-
ity. The first step in bringing war on the country
has been taken, therefore, it seems to me, (and I
am sorry to say it,) under false pretenses.
I think, Mr. President, there is another point
that ought to be noticed in regard to this procla-
mation of the President—the opening wedge to
the difficulty and strife in which the country is
now thrown—and that is this: it is said that, upon
the legality of calling out the militia, the Presi-
dent, by his proclamation, determines the whole
question; that his proclamation is conclusive upon
it. On the contrary, it is my opinion, that the
President, by his proclamation, is not authorized
to determine the case upon which, by the act, he
may call out the militia of the several States; in
other words, he cannot, by his proclamation, cre-
ate an insurrection or a resistance to the laws.
But, when the case exists, that is to say, when
there is an insurrection, the President can determ-
ine whether the exigency is such that the militia
ought to be ordered out to suppress it.
What next, sir? On the 15th' of April, the
President of the United States, claiming that the
States of South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Ala-
■ bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, are
still a part of the Union, proceeds to blockade the
ports of those States throughout the whole line of
their coast; and, on the 27th of April, after North
Carolina and Virginia had shown a determination
not to submit to what they supposed to be the
high-handed course of coercion which the Presi-
dent had resolved upon and had commenced, the
President also blockaded the ports o ("Virginia and
North Carolina. The Constitution of the United
States says that no preference shall be given, by
any regulation of commerce or revenue, to the
ports of one State over another State; and yet the
President of the United States goes far beyond
giving a preference, and actually shuts up the
ports, and that in a ease in which this power of
regulating commerce is confined to the Congress
of the United States exclusively, and in which
the President has no authority whatever. He can
make no regulation of commerce that shall either
close a port, or shall give preference to one port
over another. Indeed, lie has no power over the
subject at all.
S'till further, on the 3d of May the President of
the United States issued a proclamation calling
for an increase of the Army and the Navy to the
amount of about eighty-three thousand men —
some sixty-five thousand of the Army, and eigh-
teen thousand of the Navy. There is no law for it.
None is pretended. The very proclamation of
the President on the face of it admits the fact
that there is no law for the call. He says he will
submit the question to Congress for its approba-
tion; and yet this resolution proposes that that
act also shall be approved and legalized.
Again, the Constitution of the United Stales
gives the President no power to raise and sup-
port armies. On the contrary, the Constitution
gives that power exclusively to the Congress;
and yet, by this proclamation, the President pro-
poses to raise an army of sixty-five thousand
men, to be enlisted for a space of not less than
three years; in other words, he proposes to in-
crease the regular Army aboutsixty-five thousand
men, and that in the teeth of a constitutional pro-
vision which says that Congress shall have
authority to raise and support armies.
The President, also, has no power to provide
for or maintain a navy. That belongs exclu-
sively to Congress; and yet, by this proclama-
tion, the President assumes upon himself to add
permanently to the Navy, for at least a term of
three years,.eighteen thousand men.
This resolution under consideration, also, in
its preamble, admits that the President of the
,United^States has authorized the suspension of
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus between
of Philadelphia and the city of Wash-
It also admits that the President has
authorized the commander on the Florida coast
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus there; and by
an order from the War Department, that same
authority was extended to the commandant of
the military division which embraces my own
State of Missouri; and we know in the case at
Baltimore of Merry man, in addition to the other
cases referred to by the Senator from Maryland,
that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus has
been actually suspended.
Mr. President, the King of England, monarch
though he be, has no right to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. That power belongs exclusively
to the Parliament; and our fathers have limited
and restricted the right of suspending this privi-
lege, in the very grant of it, to the Congress of the
United States. It has been given to Congress
only in the way of an exception:
" Tile privilege of tile writ of habeas corpus shrill not be
suspended, unless when in "cases of rebellion or invasion
tile public safety may require it."
^t is given in the*way of an exception to Con-
gress itself; and when" thus given, it is given
under restrictions that confine it to a case where
the public safety requires it, and to eases of re-
bellion and invasion only.
1 know that the President of the United States,
in his message lately read on this floor, has in-
dulged in an argument to show that the power
given, by-way of exception, to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, may bo exercised by the Presi-
dent of the United States. Sir, the Constitution
has not made him the judge of whether he is justi-
fied in the exercise of such a power as that.' The
Constitution has not invested him with the power
of determining the legality of his own acts. It
has erected another tribunal to determine ques-
tions of this sort, and that tribunal has determ-
ined that the power belongs to the legislative de-
partment of the Government alone to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus. That luis been solemnly
determined by the Supreme Court of the United
States, in a case in 7 Crancli; and in this very
case of Merryman, the Chief Justice decided that
neither the President, nor any subaltern of his,
was authorized to suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pus.
Now, Mr. President, I am one of those who
look upon the action of the Prosttlent of the Uni-
ted States in this matter as of a character so grave,
and, I will add, so perilous, that I cannot, by my
vote on this resolution or on any bill or resolu-
tion that may be offered, consent to say that he
has done right in suspending the writ of habeas
corpus, or authorizing it, to be suspended,or that
that writ ought to be suspended, or can properly
be suspended, under any state of circumstances
that can exist in the country. As far as I know,
Merryman is still incarcerated in Foi t Mcllenry.
If he has been released I have never known it.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] says
he has not been released. If he has been I have
never known it. The liberties of that man, as I
believe, are trodden down in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
I am sorry to see, sir, that there has been no
small degree of outcry against the Chief Justice,
•who decided in that case that Merryman was enti-
tled to the privilege of'the writ of habeas corpus, and
that the Piesident of the United States had no
right to suspend it eithe'r in his own person or by
the action of any subaltern of his. 1 honor him
for the bravo and courageous discharge of his duty
under the ohcumstances in which he was placed.
He was in the midst of civil tumult; he was sur-
rounded by soldiers, and by arms. While I honor
him for his profound learning, and his great knowl- ,
edge; while 1 honor him for his sage wisdom and I
his long experience; I honor him also, and above j
all, for the simple and sublime coinage that he !,
manifested in applying the plain principles of the
Constitution, under the circumstances in which
he was placed. He is a worthy head of the con-
servative branch of the Government.
I know, sir, that this conduct of the President
is justified on the score of necessity. I have al-
ready said that I do not believe any such neces-
sity has an existence. None has been pointed
out. Has any person undertaken to show that
it was in any way necessary for the public safety
that Merryman should be arrested and incarcer-
ated in Fort McHenry in the way that he was? .
No such case has been made out; no such case
can be made out. This plea of necessity is the
tyrant's plea the world over, and has been in all
ages the tyrant's plea for the prostration of civil
liberty, and it will continue to be so. When
Caisar marched his victorious Gallic legions acioss
the Rubicon, he did it because it was "neces-
sary" for the preservation of his country, as he
alleged. But, sir, no such necessity, as far as I
know, has ever existed in this country t and I do
not believe that any such necessity ever can
exist, whether the country is in a foreign or a
civil war. I am not aware that the writ of habeas
coiyus was suspended for a single moment, or on
a single occasion, during the whole course of the
revolutionary war. If it was, I am not advised
of the fact. I do know that, at one of the gloom-
iest periods of the history of Virginia, when it
was supposed to be necessary to resort to extraor-
dinary measures in order to preserve the public
safety, it was proposed m the Virginia House of
Delegates to confer dictatorial powers upon Pat-
rick Henry. His patriotism had never been
questioned; his jealousy of authority had ex-
tended as far as that of any other man during the
revolutionary struggle, and he was not behind
any one of the patriots who stood in resistance
to the encroachment of British power. He was
one of those who, in the Virginia convention, re-
sisted the adoption of the Federal Constitution
itself, because he supposed it infringed upon the
rights of the States, and because he supposed
that the liberties of the people of his State would
not be safe after the adoption of that Constitu-
tion. It was proposed to give dictatorial power
to him; but when a member of that House of
Delegates, a bosom friend of Patrick Hefiry's,
hut still a greater friend to civil liberty, heard
that proposition, he arose and said that, if he
could not prevent it in any other way, he would
prevent it by the point of his dagger. That House
of Delegates never ventured upon so dangerous a
proposition. Such power was never given. Mar-
tial law was not proclaimed; the writ of habeas
corpus was not suspended.
Here, Mr. President, I take occasion to remark
that the President lias gone beyond the mere sus-
pension of the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus. The privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus
may be suspended, and yet municipal law in all
other respects be allowed to have its free course;
but, during the period that has elapsed since the
15th of April, the municipal law, in some oases,
has been entirely swept by the board; martial law
has been proclaimed in some places, and author-
ized to be proclaimed m others. It has been au-
thorized in my own State of Missouri; so that we
have cases in which not merely has the privilege
of the writ of habeas cfrpus been suspended, but
we have had a step taken far in advance of that,
in the proclamation of martial law. The words
"martial law" are not known in our Constitu-
tion They do not occur there. Martial law is
foreign to our system of government, as well as
in direct antagonism to the spirit of civil liberty.
A British Lord Chancelor, Lord Loughborough,
said, in 1792, that for a century past martial law
had not been known in the realm of England, and
it has not been known there since, and I appre-
hend no person has known it in that kingdom
bince the revolution of JG88. And yet, sir, during
the short period that has elapsed since the 15th of
April, we have had martial law descanted upon
and spoken about as flippn ntly as if it was the most
harmless thing in the world; whereas, if you look
to the ablest jurists to define it, there is not one of
them that has ever been able to do it. About the
sum and total of the best definitions you can get
is that it is the will of the military commandant
who does the act. His will becomes the law, and
displaces the municipal law and every other kind
ot law. I believe it was said once by a distin-
