THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TUB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1861.
New Series No. 4.
guished gentleman in the other end of the Capi-
tol, who had also once been President of the Uni-
ted States, that martial law not only displaced
municipal law and the law of nations, bat de.-
stroyed the right of property; that is, the man
who could proclaim it could confiscate that which
by the Constitution of the United States is recog-
nized as property, and protected and guarantied
as such.
This Constitution, Mr. President, was adopted
without a bill of rights. It was supposed probably
by the convention of wise and patriotic men and
heroes who adopted it, that no such thing was ne-
cessary, because, by the Constitution, there was no
authority vested in the Government that it created,
except that which was expressly delegated. But
so jealous were the constituencies of those wise
and patriotic on this point that they were not
willing thattheConstitution should be adopted or
become the permanent basis of Government with-
out recommending amendments, which should
constitute a bill of rights; and I call the attention
of the Senate and the country to the fourth of these
amendmen ts:
kk The right of* the people to be secure in their persons,
paper**, ami effects, against unreasonable .-patches*
and seizures shall not be violated ; and no wart ants shall
ii-Mie, hut upon piobabh* cause, suppoiteri by oath or alht-
nwitiuti, ami particularly <ie--oi ibinu; the place to be searched
ami the persons oi things; lobe seized."
"The light of the people to be secure in their
persons." i have called attention to the case of
Merryman. We have only to look at that case,
as it is stated by the Chief Justice m delivering
his opinion, to see that this guarantee of the right
of the security of the person of that man was
trodden down without any authority of law. On
the mere intimation of a military general, I be-
lieve up in Pennsylvania, he is seized, without
any warrant, in the ii'ght time, and taken from
his family, and put in prison in Fort McHenry;
and that in the teeth of a constitutional provision
which says that the right of the people to be secure
in their persons shall not be violated. Sir, I un-
dertake to say that in the history of England, in
the times of the Tudors and the Plantagenets, a
case more flagrant than this cannot be found; and
this is not a single case. It has occurred here in
Maryland repeatedly. It has occurred in other
places. It has occurred in my own State of Mis-
souri, and, if newspapers are to be believed, it has
very lecently occurred in the case of my former
colleague, (Mr. Green.)
" The right of the people to be secure m their
houses"—that has been violated also in the case
of Mcrryman; it has been violated m cases in my
own State. The sanctity of the home has been
violated by the fotce of t!nj bayonet, and the oc-
cupant token from the midst of hid family and
hurued beyond the reach of the writ of habeas
corpus. Said a British orator on th's subject, " a
man's cabin might be so humble and so frail that
the winds of heaven could whistle through it"—
I am not using, I fear, the eloquent language in
winch he clothed the idea—" but the British King
# had no right to put his foot in it." Sir, these
things have transpired under this provision of the
Constitution that guaranties to the people the,
light of secuiity m their houses as well as in
their persons.
So, also, Mr. President, this other guarantee
for papers and effects has been disregarded. I
think i am not wtong when 3 say—if lam wrong,
I have been misled by the public punts on the
subject—that under orders fiom the President of
the United States, telegraphic dispatches have
been seized in different parts of the country. Now,
those dispatches weie the private propeity either
of the offices or the authors; and yet they have
been seized, when the Constitution says that the
people shall be safe in their papers and effects [
against unreasonable searches and seizures. The !
seizure lias been made without any warrant of \
law whatever. \ have known an instance in my
own State m which a search-warrant was prosti-
tuted to the purpose of gathering up evidence to
be used in a prosecution for treason on a charge
that had been previously presented. So far as I
know, or have heard, the seizure of these tele-
graphic dispatches has only compromised one
person, and he a gentleman who has been sent
by the Administration to represent the Govern-
ment of the United States in a foreign country.
The fifth amendment to this Constitution pro-
vides that no person shall be c< deprived of his
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law." This constitutional guarantee has also been
trampled upon in the cases which I have referred
to. In those cases both the fourth and fifth amend-
ments of the Constitution have been violated.
They are twofold violations of this sacred chaiter
of the liberties of the citizen.
Now, Mr. President, has the President any
right to regulate commerce between the States or
with foreign countries? Clearly not. And yet
the commerce of the United States has been reg-
ulated since the 15th of April; and, in some in-
stances, restricted so that it has been well nigh
destroyed between the States of the Union. Claim-
ing that the whole of the States are still in the
Union,yet this power of regulating* commerce
has been exerted by the President fur the pur-
pose of cnppling, restraining, and almost de-
stroying commcrcc between the States that wore
unquestionably loyal and those that claim to have
seceded. Now, sir, the claim that they have se-
ceded does not mitigate the crime of the Presi-
dent; because he lias done these acts, and at the
same time has said that these States are still in
the Union. If they have seceded legally, then
they are foreign States, and by the same clause
of the Constitution to winch I have just now re-
ferred, the Piesidcnt has no right to regulate
commerce between the United States and foreign
Governments. If their secession be illegal, then
the Constitution is still violated.
I say, then, Mr. President, while the Constitu-
tion of the United States provides that " the Con-
gress shall have power " " to regulate commerce
with foreign nations, and among the several
States," and has given that power, to Congress
only, the President, notwithstanding this consti-
tutional provision, has undertaken to regulate
cornnieice between the States.
The Constitution of the United States again
says that Congress shall have power to declare
war. The President of the United States has in-
volved the country in a war, notwithstanding this
provision of the Constitution. The Constitution
says that Congress shall have the power "to raise
and support armies." The President of the Uni-
ted States has raised armies. The Constitution
says that Congress shall have the power to pro-
vide and maintain a navy." The President of
the United States has attempted to provide a navy.
It also says that "the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless when
m cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety
may require it," and that not even by the Con-
gress of the United States. Yet the President
has suspended the writ of habeas corpus. It says
that " no preference shall be given by any regu-
lation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one
State over those of another." The Prcsidenthas
by his own act, and without any regulation of
Congtess, blockaded ports, and not merely given
a preference to some ports over others, but has
actually suspended the commerce of certain ports
entirely. The President of the United States has
tendered " the right of the people to be secure
in their persons, houses, papers, and efects,"a
nulity, by infringing those rights without the
warrant of law; and citizens have been deprived
of liberty and property without due process of
law.
These are instances of violation of the Consti-
tution in which the President has assumed power
to himself. The Constitution intended to limit
the power of thePresident. It has put strictand
stringent limitations upon that power, but these
acts have had a tendency to increase that power.
It is the nature of power, and especially execu-
tive power, to aggrandize itself; and the framers
of this instrument intended that theie should be
limitations put upon the Chief Executive, by
which that tendency should not -be permitted.to
be carried out in practice.
More than that; while these acts have increased
the power of the President on the one hand, they
have taken away powers that belonged and were
appropriated by the Constitution to the legisla-
tive and to the judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment, so that there has been a usurpation of
powers that belonged to the legislative and execu-
tive branches of the Government.
Thus the balance of powers intended to be se-
cured by the Constitution has been broken up.
By the action of the President of the United States
in holding Merryman in confinement against the
decision of the Chief Justice of the United States,
this has extended to a usurpation of the judicial
power of the Government; and as that citizen
stands still in confinement, unrelcased and undis-
charged, one branch of the Government is brought
into conflict with another branch of the Govern-
ment. Thus it seems to me, with great respect
to the President of the United States, that he has
usurped the war power of the Government; he
has usurped the power which belonged only to
the Legislature, of raising and supporting armies,
and of providing and maintaining navies; he has
usurped the commercial power of the Govern-
ment; and he has usurped the power to dispense
with the writ ofhabeas corpus.
This joint resolution, Mr. President, proposes
to approve and legalize these acts. I cannot, as an
American Senator, give my consent to approve and
legalize them. I cannot do it especially under the
circumstances in which these acts have been done.
I am one of those who believe that there was no
occasion for them; and I still further believe that
the occasion in which any extraordinary power
may be exercised by the Executive is specially
marked out by the Constitution; and as I would
support and defend the Constitution, I cannot vote
to legalize anything that in my judgment is in vio-
lation of it, in any respect whatever.
Mr. President, there arc some other remarks
that 1 designed to make. As I said at an earlier
hour of the session, I did not desire to discuss
this joint resolution to-day. I would prefer now
to say what 1 have to say to-morrow; but if it is
the purpose of the Senate to continue in session,
I will still go on as well as I may.
Mr. POWELL. At the suggestion of the Sen-
ator that he prefers to conclude his argument to-
morrow, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I wish, Mr. President, to call the
attention of the Senate, for a short time, to some
of the acts of the Administration -m my own State
since the 15th of April. The Legislature of the
State of Missouri, during the progress of the last
winter, provided for the assembling of a conven-
tion in that State on the 28th of February, at Jef-
ferson City, the capital of that State. They pro-
vided in that act, that that convention should
proceed to consider "the then existing relations
between thoGovernmentof ihe United States, the
people and governments of the different States,
and the government and people of the State of
Missouri; and adopt such measures for vindicat-
ing the sovereignty of the State and the protec-
tion of its institutions as shall appear to them to
be demanded." That convention met, proceeded
to the discharge of the duties that were devolved
on them by this act of the Legislature, and at a
subsequent period they adopted these resolutions:
"Retired, Thatat present theie Is no adequate cause to
impel Missotm to dissolve her connection vvjih the Federal
Union; but, on the contrary, s-ho tviJl labor for such an
adjustment of existing troubles as will secure the peace, as
well as the right-5 and equality of all the States.
Resolved, That the people oi tliw State aie devotedly
attached to the institutions ot our countiv, and earnestly
desire that bva fair and amicable adjti>tmentall the causes
of disagreement that at present imiorhm.uely d^ttart us as
a people mar i>" n-movod tn ihe '-nd t'int out Union may
be preserved and peipetuared, and p.-ace and harmony be
restored between the Nonh and lite tfouth
"Resolved, That the opleol Uih Stan- deem the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States proposed
bv the Hon. John J. Ciuttf.nden, oi Kentucky, with the
extension of the same to the tcuitory hereafter t  be ac-
quired by treaty or otherwise, a basis of adjustment which
