1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
tion be amended as the Senator from Minnesota
suggests, it will leave the volunteer officers with-
out any provision in the bill placing them on the
same footing as to pay with the officers of the
regular Army.
Mt*. RICE. The Senator is mistaken. This
is a mere provision for commutation of clothing.
That is all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the amendment.
The acting Secretary read the amendments
follows:
In section fivo, line five, after tlic woul "that," insert
the woid "the and after "allowance,'1 inseit "of non-
commissioned ofi ceis and privates;" so that the proviso
Will read :
Provided, That the allowance of non-commissioned offi-
cer* and pjiv.ite^, loi clothing, shall be #3 ^ Pei month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PJCE. In section nine, line eight, after
the word of," I move to strike out " a captain
of ca\alry" and insert " those now serving in the
regular Army;" so that the clause will read:
The chaplain «o appointed nw>t ha aregnlnilv ordained
minister ot' a Clm-tian denomination, and &.iiall receive
the pay and allowances ot those now serving m the regu-
lar Aimy.
Mr. WILSON. I do not intend to oppose that
amendment. I am certainly willing that it shall
be adopted. I wish simply to say, however, that
a great pressure has been made upon me by per-
sons deeply interested in the welfare of the vol-
unteers to secure the allowance to the chaplains
of the pay of a major of cavalry, instead of a
captain of cavalry, as the bill provides. The
argument is, that m the regular Army your chap-
lains have a fixed salary; that they are there per-
manently; whereas these chaplains brought into
the volunteers come in irregularly; they do not
know how long they will stay; they are put to
some inconveniencc; and therefore their pay ought
to be larger. Many of them are not satisfied
with the compensation provided for by the bill—
the pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry.
They want to get the pay and allowances of a
major of cavalry. The Senator now proposes to
place them on the same footing with chaplains of
the regular Army, which will, [ think, be some
two or three hundred dollars less than the amount
proposed in the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. How much will the whole
salary be a year?
Mr. "WILSON. Ten or eleven hundred dollars
a year.
Mr. HALE. Are there not some perquisites?
Mr. WILSON. Perquisites and all amount
to about eleven hundred dollars.
Mr. RICE. I think the pressure the honorable
Senator has mentioned is the very reason why
we should vote for the amendment. I do not see
the necessity for chaplains being allowed forage
and rations. They have very little duty to per-
form, comparatively with the regular offieeis of
the Army; and. from the very nature of their
calling, they aie treated with the greatest kind-
ness, not only by the office) s, but by the privates;
and every provision is always made for them. If
this amendment should not be adopted, we shall
have to increase the pay of the chaplains now in
the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I have one more amendment. I
know it may seem ungracious to offer jt, but a
sense of duty compels nie to do so. I move to
strike out the eleventh section, which confers the
frail king privilege on these volunteers. It must
be obvious that with an army of four or five hun-
dred thousand men in the field, it would take a
■very large appropriation to defray the expenses ;
of carrying their mail matter. The privilege would
be abused to a very great extent necessarily. 1
would have no objection to voting an allowance
of money for each regiment to defray the expenses
of postage; but when you allow them to fiank
packages of not more than two ounces, it will be
seen that eveiything that could be divided into
such packages would be sent by mail free.
Mr. -WILSON. I hope the Senate will not
strike out the eleventh section. I do not believe
that it will add greatly to the^ aggregate expense.
That thi's<- volunteers will write letters, I have no
doubt. I have had abundant evidence of that, for
I have been called upon to frank many thousands
of their letteis; and I have done it vet y fieely,
and I will do it again, if necessary. But, sir, I
think their correspondence, if permitted, will bring
back to them many letters that will be paid for,
and, on the whole, the expense will not be greatly
increased, while it may be of immense advantage
to the men to have the colonel, lieutenant colonel,
major, adjutant, quartermaster, or chaplain, frank
their letters. I do not believe the expense will be
very great, and I know it will be a great accom-
modation to them. I ccrtainly hope it will be
retained.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a word to say, con-
curring, as I do, in opinion with the Senator from
Massachusetts. The fact is, that while the Army
is situated m this vicinity, or in the neighborhood
of any of our principal places, the expense of car-
rying the additional letters amounts to a mere
nothing. I do not think it is adding to the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department at all. The
mail goes by railroad; wc have contracts with the
lailroad companies. They give you a car, and
it is immaterial to them whether you put in one
ton or ten tons; they do not care anything about
it. The contracts arc made to carry the whole
mail all over the country; and to put in more or
less letters just now on account of the war, will
not cost the Department anything. The expense
amounts to nothing. If the Army shall move off
into that part of the United States where the post
offices aie discontinued, I do not know how they
will get their franked letters into the mail. There
will be no post-office to put them into, and no
mail to take them; and I do not know how the
franked letters will burden the mail, when there
is no way to get them info the mail; but as long
as they stay within striking distance of a post
office theie will be more mail matter, but no
more expense.
Mr. RICE. I will p,o as far as any one towaids
granting the soldiei s every facility which maybe
lequisite. The honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts speaks of their having ealled on him for
his frank, and ho seys tli.it he has given it cheer-
fully. They have dlso called on me for mine, but
I must say to him tli.it I had doubts as to my right
to give the franks, and I consequently purchased
envelopes with postage stamps upon them and
distributed these to those who called upon me.
I do not wish to be captious about tins matter;
perhaps I am wrong in piessingthe amendment,
and therefore, with the consent of the Senate, I
will withdraw it.
Mr. SAULS12URY. I move, if it lie in order,
to st i ike out, in the fifth line of the first section, the
words " live hundred thousand,"and insert" two
hundred thousand
The VICE PRESIDENT. TJic Chair will
state to the Senator that the entire appropriation
is stricken out.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not refer to the ap-
propriation of money, but to the numberof men.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make his motion after the bill shall have been re-
ported to the Senate. The clause to which he
refers has been agreed to in this form in coinmittce,
and it cannot be reached until the bill goes to the
Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to amend the bill,
by striking out m section three,line six, the word
"'four," and inserting in its place the word
" three;" so that the clause will read:
fiaeh Lnigadc shall be compoacd of three or more regi-
ments.
I will rotate frankly, without attempting to make
use of any comparisons, because 1 consider that
every State has done nobly and well, that my
desire is.that the State which I have the honor m
part to represent, may have a btigade. 1 under-
stand that by the organization of the regular
Army, each brigade may be composed of two or
more legiments. In this bill we have a very ma-
terial alteration, lequuing that brigades shall be
composed of four or more icgiments. New Jersey
has seven regiments m the field now, raised in a
short time, and she can soon have more, but by
reason of existing circumstances she cannot get
■my more accepted. Though she is anxious to
furnish more, she can obtain no assuiance what-
ever that additional regiments will be received. I
state frankly and openly, as 1 desire no conceal-
ment, and theie is no disguise about it, that my
ohjeet is, under existing circumstances, that my
State, prompt and ready as she has been to enter
the field, may have the opportunity of having her
own brigade, and perhaps a brigadier general.to
command.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the reason why
the Senator from New Jersey makes the motion;
but I think if he will give the subject a moment's
reflection he will see that it is not necessary to do
it.. If this were applied to the ninety-day men,
to the militia first called out, whosegeneral.offi.cers
were furnished by the States, I think it would be
very well, and I should not object to it; but bere
we are organizing the three-years force. The
brigades now authorized are to be composed of
four or more regiments; and the object of making
the brigades larger than they usually have been
is to avoid the necessity of appointing so many
brigadier generals. Here the President asks us
to call out four hundred thousand men; and on
the plan proposed, he might appoint one hundred
brigadier generals—each brigade consisting of four
regiments. We do not propose that the President
shall have authority to appoint more than eighteen
brigadier generals for that whole force. We pro-
pose that a brigade shall certainly have four regi-
ments, and perhaps more. They have organized
the brigades over the river consistingtof four regi-
ments. It is unnecessary that a brigade shall be
from one "State. I beg leave to say to my friend
that they do not allow that to be so; they mix
them up; they take the men from several States.
The men are not brigaded according to the States
from which they come; it is not the object; it is
not the policy. It is not a good policy, and it
ought to be discouraged. If the Senator's prop-
osition applied to the ninety-day volunteers,
where the general officer was furnished by the
State, lus argument would be good; but this bill
does not apply to those men. The Federal Gov-
ernment appoints the general officers under this
bill, and the State cannot appoint those officers;
so I think the Senator will see that his amend-
ment is unnecessary. I hope, certainly, he will
not press it. It wiSI not affect his State in the
slightest degree. If he has one, two, or three
good men in his State, of military talent and ex-
perience, and will go to the President, I think he
can get them appointed. Now, I hope he will
not press the amendment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will not press it merely
with the idea which the gentleman seems to indi-
cate, but he will pardon me for insisting that it be
put to a vote. 1 am a very poor soldier, and of
course not familiar with military affairs; but this
thing struck me as being manifestly patent, so
far as the people of my State are concerned, and
I desired to submit my view to the Senate on the
subject.
I have been informed that this matter of organ-
izing legiments is very much under the control of
the general of the division. In the regular Army
the brigades are made up of two, three, four, or
six regiments, according to the order of the gen-
eral of ihe division. Now I do not want to pre-
clude bylaw the general of a division from order-
ing a brigade to be made up of three regiments, if
he sees fit, especially as he has the right now to
compose a brigade of two regiments. We are
departing now Yrom the organization of the regu-
lar Army very mateiiallyf' The laising of a brigade
to four regiments would be a matter of no conse-
quence to us, if that were all that was necessary.
We would gladly raise four, or six, or ten, but
" there's the rub." We cannotget the fourth regi-
ment accepted, or the fifth or the sixth. It may
not be ati advantage to have these regiments ail
collected together.' It may be found by experience
to be beneficial that they they should be divided
and cut up and absorbed in other commands; yet
still I feel it to be my duty, knowing the feeling
of the people of the Slate I icpresent, to bring this
matter before the American Senate, and fo ask of
them, if wc have any modest claim whatever, that
they will pay some attention to our wishes.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
my State has been called upon for sixteen regi-
monts, and will have in a few days in the field
sixteen thousand three-years men. We have no
brigadier general, and I do not suppose we arc to
have any. I have no doubt that we have regi-
ments' enough to make four brigades, without
having a brigadier general.
i\li\ COLLAMER. Did you not have Briga-
dier General Pierce ?
Mr. WILSON. Brigadier General Pierce was
one of the ninety-days men—one of those men ap-
