52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
' . ' i- >UA . rinnnval "Pa11ovanri
cers and generals with them. General Patterson
and General Cadwalader belong to the force fur-
nished by the States. The State of New Jersey
has a general with her troops, but his time will
be outatthe expiration of the ninety days. Ihis
bill has no relation to the ninety-days men. X his
is the organization of the volunteers for three years
or for the war. The President of the United
States appoints the brigadiers and major generals.
The bill provides that there shall be six major
generals and eighteen brigadier generals for this
enormous force. Now, instead of cutting up the
brigades, the minimum of four regiments had
better be put up to eight or ten. I assure the
Senator it cannot in any way, directly or indi-
rectly, affect anything that his State may do in
regard to the matter. If his State sends three
regiments or ten regiments into the field, they will
be brigaded where the officers choose to brigade
them, and his State may have a brigadier general
or it may not. If they have got a good man, and
they ask for his appointment, I suppose they will
get him. 1 presume we all admit that we have
not an overplus of military men in the country,
and I think if anybody, in any State, will bring
out a man of preeminent fitness, there will be no
difficulty in getting a commission for him.
The amendment was iejected.
Mr. NESMITH. I offer tins amendment, to
be added to the fourth section of the bill:
Provided, That the President may select the major gen-
craU and brigadier gencials provided lor in this act from
the line or staff of the prc-sentiogulai Anny; and the officers
so selected shall bo pel nutted to retain their rank therein.
I offer the amendment with great deference,
considering the ability of the committee from
which this bill has emanated; but in view of the
circumstances which surround us, I conceive it
to bo my duty to offer some proposition of the
kind. We must admit, that if it is necessary to
prosecute this war, it should be done not only with
vigor, but with ability. The experience which
we have already had during the war, shows that
we have been deficient in the matter of ability of
general officers. The aflair at ljig Bethel, and
that at Vienna, both demonstrate this point; and
as the chairman of the Committee on Military
tified. We not only owe it to ourselves and to
the country, but we owe it to the brave men
whom they are to lead into action. To place
thousands of brave men under incompetent, inex-
perienced generals, to lead them into action and
sacrifice their lives, is murder of the most cold-
blooded and relentless chaarcter. The man .who
does it should be indicted and tried for murder.
Incompetent men may be selected for other posi-
tions in life. For instance, they may come into
the Senate or House of Representatives, or may
occupy the executive chair. Their blunders
there are not apparent, and are not fraught with
such consequences as they are in the Army,where
[ men are to be led into action; where a single ac-
tion may decide the fate of the country; where it
decides the lives of thousands; and where every-
thing perhaps may turn on a hair; where every-
thing nangs on the intelligence of the officer who
commands the column.
There are plenty of men who have been edu-
cated at West Point that have had great expe-
rience and would make excellent and competent
generals, and who might, under the provision I
have offered, be selected to command. It is not
Affairs has suggested that the officer who com-
manded at Big Bethel, General Pierce, was only
in for ninety days altogether, I would propose
that lie be let off whatever portion of his time
remains unexpired. [.Laughter.] I think ho has
done quite enough.
In my judgment, it is highly important that the
troops—the brave men who volunteer to go forth
to battle for the country—should be led by men
of experience and ability. The profession of the
soldier is not one in which a man can arrive at
at perfection in a day. It requires education; not
only the education of the school, but the pe-
culiar education which is obtained in camp, by-
active service. The amendment winch I propose
does not compel the President to select those offi-
cers from the line of the Army; it loaves it in his
discretion. As the lawjiow stands, as I under-
stand, the President has not this power; or, at
any rate, if general officers are appointed from
the line of the Army, they cannot letain rank
there; and when the present service of the volun-
teers is dispensed with, those men of course will
go out of service with the rest.
Inasiniu.h as then; area great many old officers
who have served in the Army for years, and have
experience, I think it is well that the country
should avail itself of that experience, and place
them in positions where it will be made available,
and where the great military blunders which have
already been perpetrated will not be likely to
occur agam. We do know that those blunders
have occurred; we do know that the affairs at Big
Bethel and Vienna both occurred from the igno-
rance, to say the least, of the officers in command
■—brigadiergonerals who had never seta battalion
in the field, and who knew nothing of the pro-
fession they had adopted. They, doubtless, are
good and able men in the spheres which they be-
fore occupied; I have nothing to say against them
in that particular; but I do say that they are unfit
to command troops in the field. Sir, 1 know men
to-day sweating under the epaulets of brigadiers
and major generals, who could not pass a board |
of any intelligent Army officers in the world, if 1
necessary that men should be old in order to com-
mand. The best campaign, I believe, that Napo-
leon made—his campaign in Italy—was
•when he was notovertwenty-five years old. We
may have undeveloped talent of that kind in our
Army. We have had very bad success hereto-
fore in developing it from civil life. I know it is
an ungenerous task to say anything detracting
from the merits of our gallant volunteers, or the
men who have been selected to command them;
but yet I deem it to be my duty, a duty which 1
owe to the country, to endeavor to provide some
precaution in this matter that may prevent the
disasters which are likely to result from armies
being led by mere politicians, lawyers, preachers,
or doctors.
The, policy of selecting citizens to high mili-
tary command, particularly of volunteers, seems
to be predicated on the idea, in our Crovernment,
that it is more congenial to the tastes of the men
who serve under tiiom that their own neighbors
and friends should be selected from civil life to
command them. That, 1 apprehend, is afallacy;
I apprehend that it is a popular error, and one
that will be dissipated as soon as the men are led
into battle. I say that, however nutcli men may
be attached to a man in civil life, if he is selected
as their commander, and he docs not show the
ability and competency to head them ill action,
their respect for him will cease; and however
much they may detest a man who is a military
tyrant, for whom they have no affection or sym-
pathy in social, civil, or political life, when that
mail evinces capacity to command an army, every
soldier will fasten to him; every soldier will re-
spect hint; and every soldier will follow him with
love and devotion.
Under these circumstances, and in view of the
facts before us, a necessity exists for placing men
in command who are competent. Under the pres-
ent arrangement of appointing citizens to high
military command, a man who never saw a day's
service may be selected for the position of major
general. He, as a matter of couise, ranks all the
brigadier generals who are in the field under him,
no matter how much experience these brigadier
generals may have had in the late war with Mex-
ico, or in the last war with Great Britain; 110
matter if they have served fifty years. They
may be all Napoleons or Ciesars; they may have
all the perfection it is possible to attain in military
life; and yet some lawyer or other professional
man may be selected as major general and placed
over them to command them, and to lead them
and the Army to destruction and disgrace.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote most cheerfully
for the proposition made by the Senator from Ore-
gon. 1 think it a wise one, and 1 beg leave to say
that it is in perfect harmony with the policy 1 have
advocated since the commencement of this war.
1 thought, in the beginning, that it would be bet-
ter to allow officers of the Army to accept com-
missions m volunteer regiments, and I so advised
the Secretary of War and the Adjutant General.
Efforts were made m many States to secure the
services of officers of the regular Army, and I
think that move than a hundred applications have
been made at the War Office for Army officers to
serve as field officers in the volunteers; but the
answer was, that owing to the resignations in the
Army, and the proposed increase of the force,
there were but few experienced officers left, for
the number of men, and that the ofHceis could
not be spared. The argument, perhaps, is a good
one—at any rate, for those in tnc interest of our
little Army; but the proposition of the Senator
from Oregon does not apply to regimental field
officers; it applies to major and brigadier gener-
als, and therefore the number will be limited. 1
think the Army can spare the few men that may
be taken under the proposition he has moved ;antl
there are several officers in the Army of great dis-
tinction who would make excellent major and
brigadier generals- I think, and have thought,
that those men ought to be selected in preference
to civilians,however eminent they may be m tal-
ent or character. I shall therefore vote for this
amendment; and I think that if it be sustained, it
will enable the President of the United States to
appoint some major and brigadier generals from
officers in the regular Army, reserving to them
the places they now hold in the Army at the end
of the contest, and that the country will be ben-
efited by such a selection, i shall vote most cheer-
fully for the proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to point out
an inaccuracy, that probably the Senator from
Oregon would like to correct. The amendment
as it stands would exclude all the officers of the
new regiments. Some of the finest officers of the
regular Army are in the new regiments. The
amendment, as now framed, would exclude aU
those officers.
Mf\ FESSENDEN. The word is "may,
not " shall."
Mr. SHERMAN. The same privilege ought
to bo extended to officers of the new regiments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will become a part
of the regular Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. But this does not extendi
to the future increase of the regular Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read it once more.
The Acting Secretary again read the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Present regular Army. *
I move to strike out the word "present."
Mr. NESMITH. I accept that amendment.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The question, then,
is on the amendment of the Senator fronvOregon,
as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill in section five, line twenty-three, by inserting
after the word " thereto" the words " if he shall
have served for a period of two years, or during
the war, if sooner ended,'7 so that the clause will
read:
And when honorably discharged an allowance, at the
same inte. fiom the pls\ce of his discharge to his ptace of
eniollment; and in addition thereto, if lie shall have seived
for a period of two years, or dunng the war, if sooner ended,
the suia of $100.
I propose the amendment because I see that
there is a little indistinctness in the bill in regard
to the three-months men. I have fixed the period
of two years, because I understand that some of
the volunteers are for two years, so as not to ex-
clude them. I would suggest that the hill may
need some further amendment if it is designed to
include those who shall be sick or honorably dis-
charged before that time*, but the provision, as it
stands, would encourage the volunteers toenlistj.
without serving for two years, or during the war,
for the purpose of getting the $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the eleventh section, and inserting
the following in lieu of it:
That all laws, or parts of laws, gi anting oi extending the
franking privilege to any person or persons whomsoever,
be, and the same are Jierebv, repealed: Provided, That the
provision of this section shall not extend to poisons to
■whom the franking privilege ha^ been granted by name :
Jlnd provided further, That nothing herein containedshaU
prevent the exchange of newspapers and periodicals free of
postage as now provided by law.
I desire the section as it stands to be stricken
out, not that I wish to impose 011 the soldiers who
may be serving in the Army the expense of post-
age. I am perfectly willing and ready to vote a
section in the bill requiring the Postmaster Gen-
eral to furnish each regiment with postage stamps
