1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or paid envelopes for that purpose. I desire to
have the section stricken out for the reason that
I am confident that very great abuses and corrup-
tions will exist under this franking privilege, and
I do not wish to see it extended. We can reach
the object of the section as well by amending the
bill so as to require postage stamps to be furnished
to the regiments for the use of the soldiers. That,
I think, would be right and proper. I desire the
clause I have read inserted for the reason that,
from a very elaborate investigation of the subject
of the franking privilege two years ago, I came
to the conclusion, and 1 think demonstrated clear-
ly to the Senate, that its abolition would be a sav-
ing of at least $4,000,000 to the Treasury. At
this time, when we are about to resort to extraor-
dinary modes of raising revenue to support the
expenses of the Government; when in the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury we are asked to
resort to almost eveiy means of raising money
known to the Constitution, I think it eminently
proper that we should retrench wherever we can
do so; and £ do not think that there is a better
time than this to commence this retrenchment by
cutting off a privilege which, in my judgment, has
led to incalculable abuses by members of Con-
gress and officers of this Government. I hope the
section may be stricken out, and the clause which
I propose inserted; and then, if some other gen-
tleman does not, I will myself move an amend-
ment that postage stamps or paid envelopes shall
be furnished by the Postmaster General to the
various regiments for the purpose of paying their
postage.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I offer, as an amendment to the
fifth section, to add these words:
JJnd provided further, That ail assistant surgeons to be
commissioned under thisact shall icceivelhc salary of as-
sistant burgeons, m the regular Aimy of ten yeai&'btdnduig.
Mr. WILSON. I should like an explanation
of that amendment before it is adopted.
Mr. HOWE. This^ bill provides now, as it
stands, for the appointment of one surgeon and
one assistant surgeon to each regiment. These
officers arc to be taken from the list of practition-
ers. If you get good ones, you must fake them
from the number of those who are nosv in good
practice. They serve but a short time; they are
then dismissed from the service, and they are out
of business and have to set themselves up anew.
Under the bill as it stands, if 1 comj/rehend it
aright, they are to receive only the pay of assist-
ant surgeons in the Army of less than live yeais'
standing—the lowest grade.
Mr. ANTHONY. How much is that?
Mr. HOWE. One hundred and twenty dollars
a month, including everything; whereas the sur-
geons provided for here get $187 dollars a month,
I think. This will bring- the assistant surgeons
up to somewhere in the neighborhood of the sur-
geons as they are to be paid under this bill.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 12, noes
not counted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, as an additional section;
Jlnd beit further cnacled, That the Commanding General
may detail any second lieutenant from the regular Army,
who N a graduate ot the Military Academy at West Point,
to any such regiment, to act as aid to the colonel or com-
manding ofhcei,lor such time as he shall think pioper.
without any prejudice to his right of promotion.
It may be that the Commanding General has
power now to detach an officer from the regular
Army to aid the colonels of volunteer regiments
in instruction in battalion drill; but I have some
doubts on that subject, and I desire to give the
Commanding General the authority expressly. I
presume there is no objection to the amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It should be " adju-
tant" instead of " aid."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Kan-
sas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You propose that the
Commanding General shall have power to detail
an " aid" to the colonel. There is no such offi-
cer: you mean an "adjutant."
Mr: DOOLITTLE. There is an adjutant to
the regiment. I do not caic what the name is; I am
not much of a military man myself; names are
nothing; what I want is the substance of the
thing. 1 want the Commanding General to have
power to take a regularly educated military offi-
cer to send to these regiments to aid the colonels
in battalion drill.
Mr. NESMITH. I would suggest that that
power is already vested in commanding generals.
It was practiced in the Mexican war. All the
volunteer generals had aids and adjutants. Most
of them were appointed from the line of the Army,
served with the volunteers during the war, and
held their rank in tjie regular service; and when
the volunteers were disbanded, went back to their
position in the Army, and retained the same po-
sition that they would have been entitled to if they
had remained in the line of the Army. The power
of a commanding general extends to ordering offi-
cers to any particular service. There has never
been any question of his power to assign a regu-
lar officer to duty with a volunteer corps. 1 think,
therefore, the Amendment is unnecessary.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will withdraw his proposition. It will do
no sort of good. The Commanding General has
the power now, but he has not got the men, and
will not have them except in some extraordinary
cases; and then I have no doubt he will do it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is conceded on all
hands that the power now exists in the Command-
ing General, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. There are three or four small
verbal amendments that I think ought to be made
in the bill to make it uniform. In the third line
of the fifth section, the word " will "-should be
changed to " shall;" the same change should also
he made in the second line of the eighth section,
and in line three of section seven. I suppose
these alterations will be made without objection.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. Theseamendmcnts
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no motion to make; but
I desire to a&k the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, as he lias stated that there is a
great scarcity of officers, how it happens that he
gives to each one of the brigadier and major gen-
erals an additional aid to what has been given
heretofore ?
Mr. WILSON. In answer to that, I will say
that I have done so under the advice of some of
the ablest military men in the service, who say
that it is absolutely necessary, and especially in
the volunteers, that a major general should have
three aids instead of two, and a brigadier general
two instead of one. They arc confined to the
line of the Army, or the volunteers. The object
is to allow those general officers to get about them
one, two, or three experienced men. In the line
of the Army some of the general officers now
have five or six* of them. I think some brigadier
generals now in the field find it necessary, instead
of being confined to one, to have detailed for their
service four or five such men. They can do it
in the Army, but it is difficult in the volunteers.
It addsnothing to the expense of the Army, but
it tends to bring to the staff of the major-or brig-
adier generals two or three experienced officers.
1 propose to make a slight amendment to the
bill. When these regiments were called out, it
was provided that there should bo paymasters;
and in drawing up this bill, the original call was
followed as near as possible. A new policy has
been adopted. Paymasters are now appointed
under th$ law passed during the Mexican war,
providing that the Government may appoint a
paymaster for two regiments. Therefore I move
to strike out of the second section, in the tenth
line, the words " one paymaster," in the clause
fixing the number of officers. It is already pro-
vided for by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring m the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mi. SAULSBURY. I desire to except one of
those am- ndments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
indicate tlu- amendment to which he refers?
Mr. SAULSBURY. In section one, line five,
after the word numbers," to insert "not ex-
ceeding five hundred thousand." I move to strike
out "five hundied thousand" and insert "two
hundred thousand."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
adopt all these amendments severally or in gross?
["All together."] The question then will be on
adopting all the amendments save the one indicate
ted by the Senator from Delaware.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on concurring in th.e amend-
ment inserting the words " not exceeding five
hifndred thousand men." The Senator fron\:DeI-
aware moves to strike out "five hundred thou-
sand" and insert " two hundred thousand."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not propose to tres-
pass on the time of the Senate by attempting to
make a speech, but simply to state my views in
a very few words. I have no doubt that my
amendment will be rejected; I ha^e no dpubt that
this bill will pass; but it i&due to myself to state
that from the first commencement of tlfese diffi-
culties, tijis Union has had no warmer friend than
I am. I have from the beginning dissented from,
and do now dissent from the doctrine of the right
of a State to secede from the Union. I believe in
all the great and glorious advantages-which have
been secured to us by the formation of the Union.
As I remarked early in the last session of Con-
gress, my State having been the first to adopt the
Constitution and to enter the Union she would
and will be the last to abandon it, so I repeat now,
however trite it may be. We have not a handful
of secessionists or disunionists in the State of
Delaware. But, sir,' we have a people, and as I
believe a majority of our people ape honestly in
favor of a peaceful settlement of this question < and
they do believe that if opportunity is allowed to
the people of this country that there is love of
country enough, that there is patriotism enough,
that there is intelligence enough in the people of
this country, both North and South, to settle this
question without the bloody scenes which have
been portrayed here to-day by the Senator from,
Oregon [Mr. Baker] and others. Sir, if we are
invited to enter upon such scenes, if there is to
be a war of subjugation, if fire and sword are tb
sweep over this land, if there are to be hundreds
and thousands and millions of fatherless children,
and of widows, then I say that the sentiment of
my State is against such a policy.
1 may speak impassionedly, excitedly, but I
feel deeply the importance of the vote which I
am about to cast upon this occasion. I am in
favor of defending this capital from the presi-
dent of the southern confederacy, or anybody in
the southern confederacy. I want no man to be
my President who has ever raised his arm in hos-
tility to my Government; and if it require double
the amount of men to defend this dlapitaJ, or to
defend any portion of the Union which has not
assumed to secede, then, sir, 1 would vote for that
amount, both of men and of money. But, sir,
as I am in favor of a peaceful adjustment of this
question—although 1 have-but little hope that at
the present session of Congress there can be a
peaceful adjustment—it isd ue to my own position,
it is due to my Slate, it is due to the people of my
State, to say that they are in favor of it; and at
your last session of Congress, although the Le-
gislature of my State was composed of Demo-
crats, Republicans, and Bell and Everett men,
they unanimously, with the exception of two,
instructed me to vote for the compromise meas-
ures offeied by the distinguished Senator then in
his place from Kentucky. I did so vote. They
have declared, in their public meetings since, that
those compromise measures ought to have been
adopted, and thatthey ought now to be adopted.
Mr. President, I do not profess to know as
much in reference to the state of the country as
many other gentleman; but 1 do say, that I as
firmly believe as I believe that the sun shines in
heaven, that if this Congress would adopt those
propositions, maintain the integrity of the Union
as it now exists, and turn the Richmond govern-
ment, or the Montgomery government, over to its
own people, in less than four years that old glo-
rious flag which has been so eloquently alluded
to here to-day would float in peace over every
acre of American soil.
I am fearful that you cannot preserve this Union
by the mode contemplated in this bill, and sug-
gested in the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I will vote for any measure proposed
by the present Executive of the United States that
I would vote for if proposed by the gentleman for
whom I voted at the last Presidential election. But,
sir, ourgreat object, I presume, is the preservation
of the Union; it is not the gratification bf feelings
