58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
and paticncc and peace, and by ultimate and ade-
equate compromise, every State would be restored
to it. It is true, indeed, sir, that the Republican
party, with great unanimity and great earnest-
ness and determination, had resolved against all
conciliation and compromise. But, on the other
hand, the whole Democratic party,and the whole
Constitutional Union party, were equally resolved
that there should be no civil war upon any pre-
text; and both sides prepared for an appeal to
that great and final arbiter of all disputes in a
free country—the people.
Sir, I do not propose to inquire now whether
,the President and Jus Cabinet were sincere and in
earnest, and meant really to pei severe to the end
in the policy of peace; or whether from the first
they meant civil war, and only waited to gain
time till they Ave re fairly seated in power, and
had disposed, too, of that prodigious horde of
spoilsmen and office seekers, which came down at
tnc first like an avalanche upon them ? But I do
know that the people believed them sincere, and
cordially ratified and approved of the policy of
peace; not as they subsequently responded to
^he policy of war, in a whirlwind of passion
and madness, but calmly and soberly, and as
the result of their deliberate and most solemn
judgment; and believing that civil war was ab-
solute and eternal disunion, while secession was
but partial and temporary, they cordially in-
dorsed also the proposed evacuation of Sumter
and the other forts and public property within
the seceded States. Nor, sir, will I' slop now
to explore the several causes which either led to
a change in the appai ent policy or an early devel-
opment of the Oi igiual and real purposes of the
Adminishation. Hut there are two which f can-
not pass by. And tin1 first of t hese was party* ni->
cnssirv, or the clamor of politicians, and espe-
cially ol'eerl iiii wicked, reckless, and unprincipled
conductors ofu partisan piess. The peace policy
was crushing out ike Republican paity. Under
that policy, Mr, it was melting away like snow
Lef'oie the sun. The general elections in Rhode
lahuul and Connecticut, and municipal elections
in New York and in the western States, ga\r
abundant evidence that the people were resolved
Upon the most ample and satisfactory constitu-
tional guarantees to the South as the price of a
restoration of Union. And then it was, sir, that
the long and ai'oni/.mg howl of defeated and dis-
appointed politicians ca.ine up befoie the Admin-
istration. The newspaper piess teemed with
appeals mid tlueats to the Pirodent. The mails
groaned undei ihe weight of letteis demanding a
change of policy; while n seen t. eoncknc of the
(iovei nors of Massachusetts, Yoik, Ohio,
and other States, assembled here, promised men
and money to support the President in the ;rie-
pressihle conflict winch they now invoked. Aim!
thus il was, Sir, (hat the necessities of a paity in
pan<;s oi dissolution, in the wry hout ant'
' of (h " '
mid
natura
roads
and union, it was well known, must soon follow
the direction of trade and interest. The city of
New York, the great commercial emporium of
the Union, and the Noithwest, the chief granary
of the Union, began to clamor now loudly for a
repeal ofthe pernicious and ruinous tariff. Threat-
ened thus with the loss of both political power
and wealth, or the repeal of the tariff, and at last
of both, New England—and Pennsylvania, too,
thelandofPenn,cradledin peace—demanded now
coercion and civil war, with all its horrors, as the
price of preserving either from destruction. Ay,
sir, Pennsylvania, the great keystone of the arch
of the Union, was willing to lay the whole weight
of her iron upon that sacred arch, and crush it
beneath the load. The subjugation of the South—
ay, sir, the subjugation of the South ! I am not
talking to children or fools; for there is not a
man in this House fit to be a Representative here
who do^s not know that the South cannot be
forccd to yield obedience to your laws and author-
ity again until you have conqueiod and subjugated
her—the subjugation of the South, and the clos-
ing up of her ports, first by force, in war, and
afterwards by tariff laws, in peace, was deliber-
ately resolvud upon by the East. And, sir, when
once this policy was higun, these self-same mo-
tives of waning commerce and thieatened loss of
trade impelled the great city of New York, and her
merchants and her politicians and herpress, with
heio and there an honorable exception, to place
heiself m the very front rank among the wor-
shipers of Moloch. iMuch, indeed, of that out-
burst find uprising in the North, which followed
the proclamation of tin; loth of April, as well, per-
haps, us the pioelatnatiou itself, was called forth,
not so much by the fa'l of Sumter—an event long
anticipated—as by the notion that the "insurrec-.
tionas it was called, might be crushed out in a
few weeks, if not by the display, certainly, at
leiwt, by the piesence of an o\erwhehning force.
the
ailicie oi fieain, cieinamiini; vigorous nieasim. ,
win- h i mild iesalt in nothing but cavil war, ie- !
Jsey/td se<ion, and absolute and eternal di.:- ;
union, wie pwi'-rred and Imai k( m d to befoic the I
peace and inumuny and prosperity of the whole
count ry.
Put thine was another and y< t stronger mv
p< lling cause without which tins horrid calamity
of civ i! war might have been postponed, and, per-
haps, finally awited. One of the Inst and woi.-.t
acts of a Congn ss, which, bos n in bitterness and |
nm tun d in nun uls'on, literally did those threes i
wine], a ought not to lane done, and left undone
those !hin<>s u Inch it on-lit to ha\ e do in", was the u
passage of'an objure, iii-von -ideied. iH-de>est"d, !
and Uiei'atrsmanhke hii;h pr-ite<nve fat ill* act,
commonly known as Mimui.'it
Just about ihe same tune, too, the Confedemle ''
Congn ,;s at Alontgomei y adopted our old tanff ji
of lb'.)';, which w-had rejected to make way for
tle■ Aloi i ill act. jixing tie ir i a te of duti'\s at Jlve, 1,
fij'teen, and twenty pel cnt. lower than ourj. !'
The i*( «uJt was as mev.lable ax the laws of trade ^
are inexorable. Tuule and com mm ■ e— iad espe-
cially the t.-ado and commereo of tin; West—be- 1
gan to look to the South. Turned out of tlam
1 course years ago, by the canals and rail-
oi Pennsylvania and* New Yoik, a id di-
verted eastwaulat a heavy h-ss to the West, they
threatened now to lesume their ancient and ae-
cusiomeci. dianno!s~thc water-coursi s—the Ohio
and the Mississippi. And political association J!
These, sif, wen* the chief causes which, along
wittaothojs, led to a change in the policy of the
Adiiiinisiiation, and, instead of peace, forced us
headlong into call v.ar, with ail its accumulated
hoi i oi.
Pitt whatever may have been the causes or the
motives ol the act, it is eirtam that there was a
change m the policy winch the Administration
nieani to adopt, or winch at least they led the
country to believe they intended to pursue. 1 will
not \ enture now to assett, what may yet 1,01110 day
be made to appear, 1 hat the subsequent acts of the
Admuusiratinn, am! its enormous and peisistent
infractions of the Constitution, its high-handed
usui pal ions of power, formed any part "of a delib-
erate eoo.-pnai y to o\ci throw the piesent foim
of Pedeiul 1 •'publican govi rmnent, and to estab-
lish <1 s'loat;1 if niialj.:«.d Uovermuen! in Us stead.
No, so-; whatever il.r-r purposes now, I rather
think that, m (he be^moiiiL1,, they wished heed-
It s.-ly and he ulh.n > into the -u!f, believing; that,
as the sea; of wai was then far distant and diiii-
eult oi uce", s, the display of vi or m reinforcing
Sumter ami Pickets, and tn calling out seventy-
Ji\e thousa.id militia upon tin* firing of the iiist
gun, and .June all, m that exceedingly happy
and o  igmal couoi. it ol' commanding t he insiugent
States to "uispeji,..- la tw< nty days,*' would not,
on the ii'ii' hand, preci pi! ale a ens is, while, upon
the other, i L v.' - > it LI satisfy iis ov. n \ iolent parti-
sans, and thus iev:ve and ro-toie the falling for-
tunes ol the R' p-uMa'sn party.
J can hardiy (.oueeive, iur, that the President
and his ad\ .seis could 1
folly
by a m-
It may
th.'speia
a meie
'ty of the exceeding
expectn'g to Cvory <\t a g -neial civil war
'< e I,,).sy ,.f t !i 1 ee-ii.o'> {hs miiiti.i.
mdi,d, ilmt, w;in o, ic.'ved and most
cummig, :Ii • {.V . ; Jeat un -m t all this as
nleri'ig \\i dge : > uie.t winch was to rive
asundei; or po^sudyju a test, to learn
ics nUmem the N... til ajrl West. Put,
the :
however laj
moven:"/!-'
ansa-.,and Temv-
said • Isewh: re, fi
iiiuii' ase weak'),
v .
• V he, the jl.i]ild secession and i
ni.a, Nuith Catoluia, Ark- '
iaidi1- with ihem,as I have !
n.liions and a li )if of peoulo, '
lexhaubtible lesources, live ;
aund v. d tin.us aid ashling men, ;u:d the gvetves of
an / J'l'kn-n^ <u:d I'lngmg uj> too, in '
one single day, the lio'itier irnni the CJulf to the \
Ohio and the Potomac, to^etlier wjth the abnn- j
uonmcijt by t'ie on(-> sale, i m' 'he occupation by i
the oJier, oi llarpr; s i''eiry and the Norfolk !
navy-yard; jmd the her'e isi and v/hnlwind of !
passion in the North, compelled either a sudden
waking up of the President and his advisers to
the frightful significancy of the act which they
had committed in heedlessly breaking the vase
which imprisoned the slumbering demon of civil
war, or else a premature but most rapid develop-
ment of the daring plot to foster and promote
secession, and then to set up. a new and strong
form of Government in the States which might
remain in the Uflion.
But whatever may have been the purpose, I
assert here to-day, as a Representative, that every
principal act of the Administration since, has been
a glaring usurpation of power, and a y)alpableand
dangerous violation of that very Constitution
which this civil war is professedly waged to sup-
port'. Sir, I pass by the proclamation of the 15th
of April, summoning the militia—not to defend
this capital; there is not a word about the capital
in the proclamation, and there was then no pos-
sible danger to it from any quarter; but to retake
and occupy forts and property a thousand miles
off—summoning, I say, the militia to suppress
the so-called insurrection. I do not believe
indeed, and no man believed in February last,
when Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, introduced his bill to
enlarge the act of 1795, that that act ever contem-
plated the case of a general revolution, and of
resistance by an organized Government. But
no matter. The militia thus called out, with a
shadow, at least, of authority, and for a period
extending one month beyond the assembling of
Congress, were amply sufficient to protect the cap-
ital against any force which was then likely to bo
sent against it—and the event has pioved it—and
ample enough also to suppress the outbreak in
Maryland. Every other principal act of the Ad-
ministration might well have been postponed, and
ought to have been postponed, until the meeting
of Congress; or, if the exigencies of the occasion
demanded it, Congress should forthwith have
been assembled. What if two or three States
should not have been represented, although even
this need not have happened; but better this, a
thousand times, than that the Constitution should
be repeatedly and Hagrantly violated, and public
hbeity and private right trampled under foot. As
for llarpei's Feiry and the Norfolk navy-yaid,
they rather needed protection against the Admin-
istration, by whose orders millions of property
were wantonly destroyed, which was not in the
slightest danger from any quarter, at the date of
the proclamation.
Put, sir, Congress was not assembled at once,
as Congress should have been, and the great ques-
tion of civil war submitted to their deliberations.
The representatives of the States and of the peo-
ple were not allowed the slightest voice in this the
most momentous question ever presented to tiny
Government. The entire responsibility of the
whole work was boldly assumed by the Exec-
utive, and all the powers required for the purposes
in hand were boldly usuiped from either the States
or the people, orfiom the legislative department;
while the voice of the judiciary, thot last refuse
and hope of liberty, was turned away from with
contempt.
Sir, the right of blockade—and I begin with
it-—-is a belligerent right, incident to a'state of
war, and it cannot be exeicised until war has
been declared or recogmzcd; and Congress alone
can declare or recognize war. Put Congress had
not declared or recognized war. On the contrary,
they had but a little while before expressly refused
to declare it, or to arm the President with the
power to make it. And thus the President, in
declaring a blockade of certain,ports in the States
of tiie South, and in applying to it the rules gov-
erning blockades as between nidepcndentPowers,
violated the Constitution.
But if, on the other hand, he meant to deal with
these States us s'lil in the Union, and subject to
I'Vderal authority, ihen he usurped a power which
belongs to .Congress alone—the oowerto abolish
and close up ports of entry; a power, too, which
Congress had also but a few weeks before refused to
exercise. x\nd yet, without the repeal or abolition
ot ports of entry, any attempt by either Congress
or the Piesident to blockade these ports is a vio-
lation of the spirit,if not of the letter, of that clause
of the Constitution which declares that "'no pref-
erence shall be given by any legulation of com-
merce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another."
