1861.
the congressional globe.
Sir, upon this point I do not speak without the
highest authority. In the very midst of the South
Carolina nullification controversy, it was sug-
gested that in the recess of Congress, and with-
out a law to govern him, the President, Andrew
jackson, meant to send down a fleet to Charles-
ton and blockade the port. But the bare sugges-
tion called forth the indignant protest of Daniel
Webster, himsclf-thc arch enemy of nullification,
and whose brightest laurels were won in the three
years* conflict in the Senate Chamber with its
ablest champions. In an address, in October,
1832, at Worcester, Massachusetts, to a National
Republican convention—it was before the birth,
or christening at least, of the Whig party—the
great expounder of the Constitution said:
"We are told, sir, that the President will immediately
employ the mihtuiy force, and at once blockade Chailes
ton! A military lemndy, ;i remedy by dircct belligerent
opciation, ha  thus been suggested, and nothing cKe has
been suggested, as ihe intended moans of pie&crviug the
Union. Sir, thcie is no little icason to think that thUsug-
gestion is trtie. We cannot be altogether unmindful of the
past, and therefore we cannot be altogether unapprehensive
ior the future. For one, oir, I raise my voice beforehand
agam.st the unauthorized employment of militaiy power,
and against supeLasodnig the authority of the l;iw«, by an
aimed toree, under pretense of putting dow n nullification.
The President has no authority io blockade Chai leston.>>
Jackson! Jackson, sir! the great Jackson 1 did
not dare to do it without authority of Congress;
but our Jackson of to-day, the little Jackson at
the other end of the avenue, and the mimic Jack-
sons around him, do blockade, not only Claries-
ton harbor, but the whole southern coast, three
thousand miles in extent, by a single stroke of
the pen.
" The President ha"> no authority to employ military foice
till he bhall he dul,> reiitmed"—
Mark the word:
il required so to do b}' law and the civil authorities His
duty h to calico the law* to be executed, f 1 is duty is to
suppoit the civil autho-tihf'—
As in the Merryman ease, forsooth; but I shall
recur to that hereafter:
<l His duty is, if the law* he re.asted, to employ the mil-
itary foice of the countiy, n neeessaiv, for then support
nnd execution ; but lo <!■> all this in compliance only with I at"
and with dcciunv? oj the (nt'nouif-i. ii. by any ingenious
device*, tho-o who 'le-M the laws escape hum the reach
of judicial authority, as it now provided t<  be cxeici-ed,
it is entirely competent to Cong/ess to make such new pro-
visions as the exigency ot the case may demand.
Treason, sir,rank treason, all this to-day. And
yet, thirty years ago, it was true Union patriot-
ism and sound constitutional law! Sir, 1 prefer
the wisdom and stern fidelity to principle of the
fathers.
Such was the voice of Webster, and such too,
let me add, the voice, m ins last great speech in
the Senate, of the Douglas, whose death the land
now mounts.
Next after the blockade, sir, in the catalogue
of daring executive usurpations, comes the proc-
lamation of the 3d of May, and the orders of the
War and Navy Departments in pursuance ofit—
a proclamation and usurpation which would have
cost any English sovereign his head at anytime
within the last two hundred years. Sir, the Con-
stitution not only confines to Congress the right
to declare war, butexpiessly provides that" Con-
gress (not the President) shall have power to
raise and support armies;" and to '{ provide and
maintain a navy." In pursuance of this authority,
Congress, years ago, had fixed the number of offi-
cers, and of the regiments, of the different kinds
of service; and also the number of ships, officers,
marines, and seamen which should compose the
Navy, Not only that, but Congress has repeat-
edly, within the last five years, refused to increase
the regular Army. More than that still: in Feb-
ruary and March last, the House, upon several
test votes, repeatedly and expressly refused to
authorize the President to accept the service of
volunteers for the very purpose of protecting the
public property, enforcing the laws, and collect-
ing the revenue. And yet the President, of his
own mere will and authouty, and without the
shadow of right, has proceeded to increase, and
has increased, the .standing Army by twenty-five
thousand men; the Navy by eighteen thousand;
and has called for and accepted the services of
foily i eg iments of volunteers for three years, num-
bering forty-two thousand men, nnd making thus
a grand army or military force, raised by execu-
tive proclamation alone, without the sanction of
Congress, without warrant of law, and iy direct
violation of the Constitution and of his oath of
office, of eighty-five thousand soldiers enlisted for
three and five years, and already in the field. And
yet the President now asks us to support the A rmy
which he has thus raised; to ratify his usurpations
by a law ex post facto, and thus to make ourselves
parties to our own degradation, and to his infrac-
tions of the Constitution. Meanwhile, however,
he has taken good care, not only to enlist the men,
organize the regiments, and muster them into ser-
vice, but to provide in advance for a horde of for-
lorn, wornout, and broken down politicians of his
own party, by appointing, either by himself or
through the Governors of the States, major gen-
erals, brigadier geneials, colonels, lieutenant col-
onels, majors, captains, lieutenants, adjutants,
quartermasters,*and surgeons, without any limit
as to numbers,andwithoutsomue.il asonce saying
to Congress—u !3y your leave, gentlemen."
Beginning with this wide breaclvof the Consti-
tution, this enormous usurpation of the mostdan-
gerous of all powers—the power of the sword—
other infractions and assumptions were easy; and
after public liberty, private light soon fell. The
privacy of the telegiapli was invaded in the search
after tieason and traitors; although it turns out,
significantly enough,that the only victim, so far,
is one of the appointees and especial pels of the
Administration. The telegraphic dispatches, pre-
served under every pledge of secrecy for the pro-
tection and safety of the telegraph companies, were
seized and carried away without search warrant,
without probable cause, without oath, and with-
out description of the places to be s.eatc.hcd or of
the things to be seized, and in plain violation of
the right of the people to be secure in their houses,
persons, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
searches and seizmes. One step more, sir, will
bring upon us search and seizure of the public
mails; and finally, as in the worst days of Eng-
lish oppression—as in the times of the Itussells
and the Sydneys of English martyrdom—of the
drawers and secrelaihs of the private citizen;
though even then tyiants hud the grace to look
to the forms of the law, end the execution was
judicial muidi;!, ie>t military slaughtei. lint who
shall t>ay that the future Tibet ius of America .shall
have the modesty of his lioman predecessor, in
extenuation of whose character it is written by
the great historian, avedll occulos, jassilque scelera
iion spcctavlt.
Sir, the rights of property having been thus
wantonly violated, it needed but a lilile stretch
of usurpation to invade the sanctity of the person;
and a vieiim was not long wanting. A private
citizen of Maryland, not subject to the rules and
articles of war—not in a case arising in the land
or naval forces, nor in the militia when in actual
service—is seized m his own house, in the dead
hour of night, not by any civil ftificer, nor upon
any civil process, but by a band of armed sol-
diers, under the veihal orders of a military chief,
and is ruthlessly torn from his wife and his chil-
dren, and hurried off to a fortress of the United
States—and that fortress, as if in mockery, the
very one ovei whose ramparts had floated that
star-spangled banner immortalized in song by the
patiiot prisoner who,
" By tho d:uvn'- duly light,"
saw its folds gleaming amid the wreck of battle,
and invoked the bles-nng^ of Heaven upon it,and
prayed that it ought long wave—
" O'er the toad of the* free and the home of the brave."
And, sir, when the highest judicial officer of
the land, the Chief .1 usticc of the Supreme Court,
upon whose shoulders, "whoa the judicial er-
mine" fell, it touched nothing not as spotless a*j
itself, the aged, the venerable, the gentle and pure
minded Taney, who but a little while before had
administered to the President the oath to support
the Constitution and to execute the laws, issued,
as bv law it was his sworn duty to issue, the high
prerogative writ of habc'.'i —that great writ
of right, that mam balwatkof personal liberty,
commanding the body of the accused to be brought
befoie hun that justicc and right might he done
by due course of law, and without denial or do-
lay; tho gates of the fortress, its cannon turned
towards, and in plain sight of the'city where the
couit sat, and frowning from the ramparts, were
closed against the officer of the law, and the an-
swer returned that the officer m command has, by
the authority of the President, sctpnidvd the writ
of habeas corpus, _ And thus It is, sir, that the
accused has ever since been held a prisoner with-
out due process of law; without bail; vvith'oM
presentment by a grand jury; without, gppedy
or public trial by a petit jury of his own Skte
or district, or any trial at all; without info'rma-r
tion of the nature and cause of the accusation;
without being. confronted with the witnesses
against him; without compulsory process to ob-
tain witnesses in his favor; and without the
assistance of counsel for his defense. And this
is our boasted American liberty ? And thus it is,
too, sir, that here, here, in America, in the sev-
cnty-third year of the Republic, that great writ
and security of personal freedom which it cost
the patriots and freemen of England six hundred
years of labor and toil and blood to extort and
to hold fast from venal judges and tyrant kings;
written in the great charter at Runnymede by the
iron barons, who made the simple Latin and un-
couth words of the times t null us liber homo, in. the
language of Chatham, worth all the classics; re-
covered and confirmed a hundred timesaftorwards,
as often as violated and stolen away, and final lynn d
firmly secured at last by tho great act of Charles
11, and transferred thence to our own Constitu-
tion and laws, has been wantonly and ruthlessly
trampled in the dust. Ay, sir, that great writ,
bean ngy by special command of Parliament, those
other uncouth but magic words, per statutum tri-
cessimo primo Caroti secundi regis, u hich no Eng-
lish judge, no English minister, no king or queen
of England, daie disobey; that writ brought over
by our fatheis and cheri.shed by them as a price-
less inheritance of liberty, an American Presi-
dent has contemptuously set at defiance. Nay,
more, he has ordered his subordinate military
chiefs to suspend it at their discretion ! And yet,
after all this, he coolly comes before this House
and the Senate and the country, and pleads that
he is only preserving and piotecting the Consti-
tution; mid demands and expects of this Hoii^e
and of the Senate and the country their thanks
for hi."} usurpations of power; while outside of
this Capitol, lis myrmidons are elamoiing for
impeachment of the Chief Justice, as engaged in
a conspiracy to break down the Federal Govern-
ment !
Sir, however much necessity — the tyrant's
plea—may bo urged in extenuation of the usurp-
ations and infractions of the President .in regard
to public libei ty, there can be no such apology or
defense for his invasions of private right. What
overruling necessity required the violation of the
sanctity of private piopetty and private confi-
dence? What great public danger demanded the
arrest and imprisonment, without trial by com-
mon law, of one single private citizen, for an act
done weeks before, openly, and by authority of his
State ? If guilty of treason, was not the judicial
power ample enough and strong enough for his
conviction and punishment? What, then, was
needed in his case, but the precedent under which
other men, in ^her places, might become the
victims of execunve suspicion and displeasure?
As to the pretense, sir, that the President has
the constitutional right to suspend the'writ of
habeas corpus, 1 will not waste time in arguing
#. The case js as plain as words can make it.
It is a legislative power; it is found only in the
Fegtslauve article; H belongs to Congress only
to do it. Subordinate officers have disobeyed
it; General Wilkinson disobeyed it, but he sent
his prisoners on for judicial trial; General Jack-
son disobeyed it, and was reprimanded by James
Madison; but no President no body but Con-
gress, ever before assumed the right to suspend it.
And, sir, that other pretense, of necessity,! repeat,
cannot be allowed. It had no existence in fact.
Tlie Constitution cannot be preseivcd by violating
it. It is an offense to the intelligence of this
House and of the country, to pretend that all this,
and the other gross and multiplied infractions of
the Constitution and usurpations of power were
done by the President arid his adviseis out of pure
love and devotion to the Constitution. But il so,
sir* then they have but one step further to take^,
and declare, in the language of Sir Boyle. Roche
in the Irish House of Commons, that such is the
i depth of their attachment to it, that they arc pre-
I pared to give up, not merely a part, but the whole
! of the Constitution, to preserve Ihe remainder. And
j yet, if indeed this piefext of necessity be wcH
I founded, then let me say, that a cause which
