1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLf)BE.
61
any law or laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
And the Secretary of the Treasury is also author*
ized.if he shall deem it expedient, before opening
books of subscription as above provided, to ex-
change for coin or pay for public dues or for
Treasury notes of the issue of 23d of December,
1857, and failing due on the 30th of June, 1861,
or for Treasury notes issued and taken in ex-
change for such notes, any amount of said Treas-
ury notes for fifty dollars and upwards not ex-
ceeding $40,000,000.
Before awarding any portion of the loan in
stock authorized by this act, the Secretary of the
Treasury, if he deem it advisable to issue propo-
sals for the same in the United States, shall give
not less than fifteen days' public notice in two or
more of the public newspapers in the city of
Washington, and^ in such other places of the
United States as ire may deem advisable, desig-
nating the amount of such loan, the place and the
time up to which sealed proposals will be re-
ceived for the same, the periods for the payment,
and the amount of each installment in which it is
to be paid, and the penalty for the non-payment
of any such installments, and when and where
such proposals shall be opened in the presence
of such persons as he may choose to attend; and
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
accept the most favorable proposals offered by
responsible bidders; provided, that no offer shall
be accepted at less than par.
The-Secretary of the Treasury may, if he deem
it advisable, negotiate any portion of said loan,
not exceeding $100,000,000, in any foreign coun-
try, and may issue bonds or certificates of stock
for the amount thus negotiated agreeably to the
provisions of this act, the interest payable semi-
annually, either in the United States or at any
designated place in Europe; and he is further
authorized to appoint such agent or agents as he
may deem necessary for negotiating such loan
under his instructions, and for paying the inter-
est on the same, and to fix the compensation of
such agent or agents, and shall prescribe to them
all the rules, regulations,and modes under which
such loan shall be negotiated, and shall have
power to fix the rate of exchange at which the
principal shall be received from the contractors
for the loan, and the exchange for the payment
of the interest in Europe shall be at the same rate.
That whenever any Treasury notes of a de-
nomination less than fifty dollars, authorized to
be issued by this act, shall have been redeemed,
the Secretary of the Treasury may reissue the
same, or may cancel them and issue new notes
to an equal amount; provided, that the aggregate
amount of stuck and Treasury notes issued un-
der the provisions of this act shall never excecd-
the full amount authorized by the first section of
this act; and the power to issue or reissue such
notes shall cease and determine after the 31st of
December, 18G2.
The Secretary of the Treasury shall report to
Congress, immediately after the commencement
of the next session, the amount he has borrowed
under the provisions of this aci, of whom, and on
what terms, with an abstiact of all the proposals,
designating those that have been accepted a'nd
those that have been rejected, and the amount of
stock or Treasury notes that have been issued for
the same.
The faith of the Uni ted States is solemnly pledged
for the payment of the interest and redemption of
the principal of the loan authorized by this act;
and for the full and punctual payment of the in-
terest the United States specially pledges the duties
of impost on tea, coffee, su ar, spices, wines and
liquors, and also such excise and other internal du-
ties or taxes as may be received into the Treasury.
All the provisions of the act entitled " An act to
authorize the issue of Trensnry notes," approved
December 33, 1857, so far as the same can or may
be applied to the provisions of this act, and not
inconsistent therewith, are hereby revived or re-
enacted.
To defray all the expenses that may attend the
execution of this act the sum of §^00,000, or so
much theteofasmcvy be necessary, isappropuated,
to be paid out of any money in tin; Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr.STEVENSmovcd that the committee rise,
and report the bill to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chaiiyJMr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion
had, according to order, had theUnion generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 14, to authorize a national loan, and for other
purposes, and had directed him to report the same
back to the House without amendment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill. *
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 150, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Allen, Allejffc\neumi, Arnold,
A&lilpj', Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Rally, Ba-
ker. Baxtei, Beanian, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, George H. Bnnvne, Buffinton, Calvert,
Chamberlain, Ambrose W.Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Iloscoe Conkling, Conway, Cooper, Covode,
Cox, Cravens, Cmfield, Cuttendeti, Curtis, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dueil, Dunlap, Dunn, Eiigerton,
Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fc^emien, Fisher,
Fouke, Franchot, Frank, Gooeh. Giansjer, Grider, Gurley,
Haight, Uale, Hauling, Hamson, Hickman, Iloiman, Nor-
ton, Ilutclnn-s, Jackson, Johnson, Julian, Kelloy, Francis
W\ Kellogp, William Kellogcr, Landing, Law, Lazear,
Learv, Lehman, Logan, Looinis, Lovejoj', McClernand,
MclCean, MeKmght, Malloiy, Menzic^, Mitchell, Mooj-
hcad, An^on i\ Morrill, Ju.jtm S. Moiull, Moitis, Nixon,
Noble, Norll, ftngen, Odeil. Ohn, fatten, George H. Pen-
dleton, Perry, Pike, Pomeioy, Potter,Pottei, AlexanderII.
Kice, John II. llice, Richaid-on, Riddle, Uobin&on, Edward
11. Rollins, Jauvs S. lloliin-, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabaruer, Sliennan, Sloan, Spauldmsr. John B. Steele,
WilliamG. Steele,Stevens,Snatton, Henjntuin F.Thomas,
Fuuieio Thomas, Thayer, Tram, Tumble, Trowbridge,
Upton,Vandevf'r3Vati ilorn, Van Valkenbuisih, Van Wyck,
Veuee, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wad-^voitlt, Wall, Wallace,
Chailef! \V. Walton, E. P. Walton. \Yaid, Washbiune,
YWb-tci, Wheolei, Whaloy. Alb-nt f*. White, Chilton A.
White, Wickliife, Wiudom, Woodmfr, Woicc&ter, -and
Wright—150.
NAYS—Messrs. Burnett, Noiton, Reidj ValJandigham,
and Wood—
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Carlile
was confmcd to his room by illness.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF RKBEdfclOtf, ETC.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the suppression of
rebellion against, and resistance to, the laws of
the United States, and to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for catling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union," &c., pnssed Feb-
ruary 29, 1705; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the JudL-
eiary.
FREE LETTERS FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr VAN WYCK. I ask leave to introduce
abill to provide for forwarding letters free of post-
age to Queers and soldiers engaged in the service
of the*uGi'od States.
Mr. P>URNETT. I object. I am in favor of
cutting oil the franking privilege altogether. In
that regarjtJaJ indorse the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Allans be m-
stiuctcd to inquire into tin; exprdn'ney ot establishing a
national aimoiy and foundcry. at or m-ai the city of Pitts-
bur,?, Pen/it} lvania, and to lepojt by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move to strike out ,
"Pittsburg, Pennsylvania," and in lieu theieof
to insert "Rock Island, Illinois."
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to amend the
resolution, so that it shall read:
Resolved^ That a select eoinmiif-c ot nine bo appointed
by the ^pcakoi to mqauo into and icport upon the* expe-
diency ot the establishment of a nauo.uil aimoiy northwest
ot the Ohio river.
There are now two armories, one at Harper's
Ferry, and one at Springfield, Massachusetts,
while we have no armory at the West.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Illinois change the phraseology of his
amendment, so that, instead of saying " west of
the Ohio river," it shall read, "west of the Alle-
ghany mountains."
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the gentleman will make
that change I will accept his amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will make that mod^
ification, so that it shall read,44 west of the Alle-
ghany mountains or northwest of the Ohio river."
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot accept of the
words u northwest of the Ohio river."
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I will leave out
those words.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now move to amend the
resolution as modified, by inserting the words,
"and east of the Rocky Mountains."
Mr.WASHBURNE. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CURTIS. As the matter is already be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs* I move
to refer the whole subject to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa is not io
order.
The question was put upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Johnson; and it was not agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECRUITS TOR THE NAVY.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to inform this House whether he has issued on ordei in
effect that none hut American-born citizens shall be ac-
cepted at the vanous reciuiting stations service in the
Navy of the United States ; and, if such order has beep
hsued, that he be requested to furnish the same to this
House, with a statement of the causes which, in his judg-
ment, has rendered &uch an order necessary.
SUPERANNUATED AND DISABLED OFFICERS.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced abill for retiring superannuated and disabled
officers from the United States Army; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY CONTRACTS.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill regulating contracts in the military
service of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military A (Fairs.
SOLDIERS AT FORT STOTER.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of certain musicians and
soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if that is the same bill he introduced last
session ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is; and I ask the unanimous
consent to put it upon its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; it must be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill concerning the pay of officers of the
revenue cutter service of theUnited States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
TERM OF SERVICE OF MILITIA.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy he in-
stiucted to examine and report at what time, under the act
of 179.). the term of seivicc for the nulitn called mt  the
service'ot the United States begins, and whether any legis
lation is necessary to remove any ambiguity m the terms
of the act; and if *o_, to repoit by biU.
REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill ofFered by the gentle-
