1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
union, and lihmtics of the people and Government of tho
United States; and in furtherance of such conspnaey a poi-
tionot tno people of tlie States of Virginia, Nonh Caiolma,
South Cdiolnia.Tennessee, Aikantsas, and Tex a*, hav^i at-
tempted to withdraw those State* from thcTImon,aud aie
now in aims against the Government; and wheica-* Jamcs
M. Mamis and RohertM. T. II un j-er, tfonatoto fiom Vir-
ginia; Tjiom*s L (Junomw and Thomas Bragg, Sena-
tois fiom North (Jaiolina; James Chesnut, Jr., a Senator
from South Carolina; A. O. P. Nicholson, a Sonatoi liom
Tennessee; William K. Sebastian and Charles R.
Mitciicl. Senators from Arkansas; and John Hemphill
and Louis T. Wigpall. Senator from Texas, have failed
to appear in their teals in the Senate and to aid the Gov-
ernment in this* important ciisi^ ; and i! is app.it ont to the
Senate that s-aid Senator!? ate engaged m said conspnacy
for the\ie.<tiueiion ot the Union and Government, 01, with
full knowledge ot mich conspnacy, have tailed to advi>o
the Government of its pi ogress or aid in its suppression:
Theiefote,
Resolved, That the *-rtfd .Mason. IIc:;ter, Clixgman,
Bragg, Niciiol«o\', ST?ba&tian, Mitciifl,
IIemi'iiili,, Uiid Wiciaij., he, and they heieby aie, each
and all ot' them, e.\pelled hom the Senate ol the United
State?.
Mr. CLA&K. I do not propose to submit any
ycmaiks XO the Senate upon that resolution now,
snlessthoy should be called for by the remarks
dir nations of others; but I ask that the Senate
w^Horder the yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. McDOtJGALL. 1 would suggest to the
Senator fiom New Hampshire, whether a matter
of this kind had not better be referred to, and the
whole subject presented by the report of, a com-
mittee. I take it that the objection against the
Senators named may also be made against other
Senators not named in the resolution. 1 think a
matter of such consequence should be referred to
a committee, and they should report the causes
of this step, and cmbiacc the whole subject, and
report as to all Senators who may have taken
such a course aw to disqualify them for seats on
this floor, it strikes me that would be the better
course. I would suggest a reference of the reso-
lution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from California, that if he wishes a reference to
the committee for any particular reason, [ shall
not oppose it. This resolution includes those
Senatois, and the cases of those Senatois, who
have absented themselves from the Senate, and
all of those, I think, whose cases have not been
considered, who are now absent from the Senate.
I deemed H advisable to put thcni in a resolution
by themselves.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I thought there were
other Senators not present, who stood m the same
catego ry.
Mr. CLARK. Peihaps the Senator was not
aware of the fact, that we declared the seats of
certain Senators who were not here, vacant at the
last session, and that is the reason they are not
included in this resolution,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was not aware of that.
Mr. CLARK. This includes, 1 think, every
individual Senator who is now absent, whose
case has not been already considered.
Mr. jNTcDOTJGALL. That corrects me as to
my information.
Mr. CLAIiK. Then I ask that the yeas and
nays be ordeied.
Mr. BAYARD. I can see no reason why we
should depart from the determination of the Sen-
ate at the last session, m declaim"' the seats
vacant, and adopt now the rule of expulsion. 1
know of no conspiracy on the pait of the Sena-
tors inmu'd in the resolution. 1 cannot say that
it has not existed, but I know the general fact,
that, claim in g tho rio.li t of secession for their States
(though I differed lrom them in that) as a right
under tho Constitution, they have acted openly
with their States. Their Slates have chosen to
leave this Union, Whether they have the au-
thority or not, is questioned. They consider it a
legitimate exercise of reserved rights under the
Constitution. I consider the act as revolutions y.
There is the difference. Shall I cxeiuse the
power of expulsion against a Senator on the
ground of conspiracy, because he may be errone-
ous m point of law as to the eifect of tiie action
of his State ? Am I to condemn him individually
for the action of his State?
I hold that the power of expulsion was given
to the Senate in reference to the individual action
of the Senator, and arising from his individual
misconduct, and was not intended to have any
operation whatever m reference to acts of this
nature. No such case was contemplated; and tho
only possible effect of so wording the resolution,
is simply to_ create additional feeling ond addi-
tional hostility between the already sufficiently
excited people of tins country. I see no reason
for departing from the course which the Senate
took at the end of the last session, and I shall
therefore vote against this resolution as it stands.
Place it in the otiiei shape of decLuing the scats
vacant, and I shall interpose no objection what-
ever to it; but I have no knowledge of a conspir-
acy—and I think I understand what the term
means—on the part of any of those Senators which
the preamble recites as " apparent to the Senate."
The action was avowed, open; it was an appeal
to the people of their icspective States; the people
of their States, by majorities, recognized that
course, and the States assumed the responsibility,
as political go \ ein ments,of t^oing out of this Union.
I am not willing to pass judgment of expulsion
upon the individual, founded on that. I may de-
clare the seat vacant; that may bo proper for the
organi7afion of the Senate; but I am not willing
to go beyond that. %
Mr. CLARK. 1 wish, before debate contin-
ues, that the older may be made to have the ques-
tion taken by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays are demanded on the passage of this resolu-
tion, when tiie question shall bo taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Mr, President, 1 do not regard
it less a cause of expulsion of these several indi-
vidual Senators that they huvoaet^d openly against
the Government. This resolution recites that
there has been a conspiracy against the liberties
and union and existence of tins Government. It
lecites, lorthcr, thai poi lions of the people of cer-
tain of the States ha\e endeavor d to foicn those
States out of the Union; and that those individ-
uals have either aided m that conspnacy or have
failed to give the Government any knowledge of
its progress, or to assist in in suppression. Now,
with all deference to the Shu itor fiom Delawnro,
I claim that that h a good «,iound for expulsion
fiom the Senate. I do lira ea;e that they have
acted openly; yea, sir, I will say that if they have
acted openly, and have put tneivise!ves in con-
spiracy and in involution and m arms against this
Government, 1 would have the expulsion openly
befoie the country.
£ dare say the S. oator would L e glad that these
seats should be doclaied \v« ant, ami that the ques-
tion should bo iri i in obey, ucx w liether they have
the light to go out; hut I want to deny here, on
the floor of the S< nate, the l.ght of any State to
secede; cind when a Senntornrct. des to that action
of hi < Male, or the people oi the Sieto, I want to
declare that he puts himself hi a hostile attitude
to this Government,and des"i ves expulsion from
the councils of tlie nation. J hope that no such
tame mc-asuro as declaring these si ats vacant will
be adopted by the Senate. 1 want tlie S-mare to
proclaim to the nation that we will not have these
men in our councils, and that they shall go out.
We let certain Senators withdraw at the last ses-
sion—no, sir, we did not let them withdraw; they
withdrew thems and h-it their seats vacant,
and we declared them vacant by that aet of vir-
tual r< sanation. ]]nt now, sn, this levoluhon
has gone on; it has made iepMi proiri'-ss; they
have takenup.um a^umst the Co ,'.-nuV'-ut; they
have not onty sei/ed y«>ur a: m <, but they have
assaulted your foi t'iiestions; their t^uns are now
within sound- of your eaju'ai; and shall wo sit
here in the Senate and deliberate and doubt
whether we shall turn oat ot thi > Senate tho \"i ly
men who ate n ''dy >'< explode tims - gunsa<>a;m;t
your capital ' No, Mi. Presid. nf; let the jpdg-
mentol the Senate bo a^ sumum. y, as da isive,
and as signal, as tin u r< voluti ,-;i has b« ■-,) rapid;
and let them be ejected from the eounciU of the
naiiou.
Mr. "RAYARD. Mr. Pre j.'hmt, I can see no
reason foi the action win :h tho honoiable Senator
calls for, nod I do not th:nk thai by your action
in the ease of individuals, you ere to settle the
difficulties that now oxn'tn: this country, or alle-
viate the disastrous condition in wln:h we stand;
or, in other words, teimmate tlie war winch actu-
ally exists. 1 admit all th.ii has bt en Ktiid, but
still i consaku that iliatis no ground for tho expul-
sion of on mdi \ idunl, tin" urh it may be for vacating
the seat. The action wiueh calls tlie individual
oat of the Senate is the action of a political com-
munity; and it is perfectly consistent with differ-
ence of opinion on his partaad mine, without the
slightest taint of his personal character, that he
should withdraw from the Senate of the United
States. If you permitted other Senators at the
last session to withdraw openly in the face of the
Senate, and simply declared their seats vacant as
if they had resigned, on what principle is it that
you now undertake U> expel Senators for mere
non-attendance because their Stateshave done cer-
tain acts ? They have engaged in no conspiracy.
You do not know now that several of those Sen-
ators may not have been opposed to what is called
the secession of their States. They may hold
themselves bound by it since it is done. M^iim-
pression is, so far as 1 have any knowledge of
them, that many of them did hold that secession
was not a constitutional remedy, and were opposed
to the action on tho part of their States, hut gave
way to it after it had taken place. That I pre-
sume from their nou-attendancc. I consider it no
ground of expulsion. I do consider it a ground
for declaring their seats vacant. The Constitution
in reference to the expulsion of members says:
Each IIousc mav determine tho niles of iu proceed-
ings, punis-h Us nitinbeis foi ch&oideily behavioi, and, with
thf concurrence of two thiids, expel a member.3'
I take the whole clau.sc as it stands, and I sup-
pose that that powerwhich is given to the Senate
m reference to the individuality of the Senatoris*
in connection with and immediately subsequent
to the clause which authorizes punishment for
disorderly behavior, and that something more
than disorderly behavior on the part of the indi-
udual—something aliening him personally, as
regards his standing in the community,some gross
immorality, some gross individual aet—is the only
thing which, in my judgment, was meant to he
remedied by the right of expulsion. 1 admit the
right to declare the seats Vacant; but I cannot seo
the necessity or propriety of assuming what is not
proved—what, in my judgment, is not the fact—
that any conspiracy has existed on the part of
these individual Senators, or that it can be made
opparent to the Senate. %
Mr. CLARK. I simply content myself by ask-
ing that a vote on the resolution may be had.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I shall not
vote for this resolution as it-sfands. I will vote
to strike Hie names of these gentlemen from the
roll, and to declare their seats vacant. I will not
vote to expel them, because I think, as to some
Senators named, that that would be unjust and
improper. Expulsion implies turpitude. It is a
letioctjon upon the personal charactei 'of the in-
dividual; it is a stain. Nov/ I know myself that
someSenatois—two m particular—named in that
lesolution, did not indorse the right of secess-on.
They disapproved of it; they never sanctioned it;
and they did not think they could occupy a seat
on this Jloor after their State had seceded. *They
have never, that I have heard of, aided, advised,
or counseled, m any respect, the movement of
their Si ate in the attitude they occupy towards the
Genoutl Government; 1 therefore conceive that it
would be more proper and more dignified for this
body to dcclaie their seats vacant,and strike their
names fiom tho roll, than iMvould be, by the terms
of this lesolulion, to oxp™them from tlie body.
•I think it is too severe a denunciation of the con-
duct of some of the grutlomon, at least, who arc
nam; d in U, and therefore I shall not vote for it.
The X^RLSlDiNG OFFICER, is the Senate
ready for the question on the adoption of the res-
olution?
Mr. LATIJAM. I move to stuke out the word
"expelled,*5 and to insert the words "that their
names be stricken from the roll, and their seats
declared vneant."
Mr. MeDOUG\LL. Mr. President,! differ
w 'th the views of my colleague; and, in stating
that I am prepared to vol^ for the resolution of-
fered by the Senator from New Hampshire, f wish
to say that! do not vote for the expulsion of these
meiiibeis upon the gtound that their States havo
declared tliemsehcs out of the Union. The ex-
pulsion is fur peisonul cause. It is, that they
have espoused tho controversy made against the
Republic, evidenced by one circumstance, per-
hanm:uffieionti independent of what lustoiy has
already leported of them—thet th< y aie not here.
Now, there may be no turpitude, m this act of
thciis, or in their espousing Liu- adversary cause.
Treason was always a gentlemanly crime, and in
ancient times a man who committed it was cnti-
