M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
tied to the ax instead of the halter. However, it
it is none the less a cri'me, and the greatest; and
espousing a cause against the Republic, if it be
not treason, is akin to that crime. Sir, 1 am pre-
pared to vote for the resolution of expulsion.
jNTo man has a right to a place on this floor who
espouses a cause adverse to the Government.
Mr. CLARK. I have -but one suggestion to
make, sir. I hope the amendment will not be
made. In the early part of these disturbances,
many officers of the Army of the United States
• sent in their resignations. They were accepted.
There wasageneral outcry of indignation through-
out She country against that course. The people
demanded that their names should be stricken
from the rolls. Now, while we require the mili-
tary department to strike an officer's name from
the roll who will not serve his country, why shall
we not turn out of this Senate a Senator who will
not serve his country, and set them the example ?
1 hope the amendment will not be made.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to hear the amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the following woids: " expelled from the Sen-
'ate of the United States," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words: "stricken from the roll, and
their seats declared vacant."
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that it will be
necessary also to insert the words, 44 names of
the" at the beginning of tlie resolution, in order
to make the amendinentgramnuuical—u that the
the names of A, IS, C, D," <Sr.c>
The PlUCsmiiNa OFFICER. That correc-
tion will bo made.
Tlie resolution, if amended as proposed, will
read as follows:
Jl( sulrct!, That the mime* of the <.ni«l M imon, rinNTint,
Omnuhan, Cnvwe., Chvsnut, Nienoi.sos, Skiwstiah,
Mil i ni'.i„ Hi-mi'hii.i., and VVmi-AM,, I)'', and they hereby
ate, -ti leken tropin- roll, and their fi'uis deeluioil vacant.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 11, nays as follows:
VI'.AS—Mi vvi-. Uri'clvinrulK'N lhiglit, Johnson
of Missouri, Johnson oj" Latham, Ncnmth,
polk, Powell, It!<•(', ;ni(l S.iiiKbiuy—11.
N \VS - Mi's-h Ambon) , nullum, Biowuini>, Chand-
ler, < 'lat N, ('(>11.HINT, ( 'OW.UJ, i-)l\OI), Doolltllr', iM'v-i'lKll'tl,
Foot. f'\>, lei, i inns, IJ.de, 11;u j.in, Hum-*, Howe, Kinj;,
I /.in ( o I liMii.tn.i, I..UK' oi h.ui-as, Mrlhm^.ill, Morull,
Pomeiey, Sho man, Siminniw, Sujjhm'I, Ten J3v< k, Tj um-
l)iill. Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and WiNon-.'U.
So tije amendment was rejected.
The PRFSIDINTJ OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the resolution.
The question bein^ lalcen by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3:3, nays 1(1; as follows:
YJCAS--Mc-si-:, Anthony, Hun'tiam, I>)ownh)£r, ('hand-
lei , (;/.((iv, < 'ullainel, < 'on on. i)i\on, I Molitlle, Fe^emlen,
Foot, J' o-i.'i, (• i him Hale, Ilail.Ui, llari i^, Howe, KiiijL',
Lane of Indiana, Lane oi Knn-.e>, AIcIJoiijmJI, Mnnill,
J'onieio\. Sljcmi.iii, Simmons Sninnei,Ten K\ek, Tiuni-
bnll, W'.uli , U 11k iiis<iii, WiinmM. and Wihofi—J I.
N \ VS.. -Mfi iJ.i) ,iwJ. Birelvinndfe-, Hi ed't, Jobtr on
of Allium. John on of Tennessee, Latham, Nesmitl),
Polk. i'owriK a,id hVo-M.
Tlie PKK3HjINU«KFICHII. Oi) this ques-
tion the yeas aie 3*2,and the nays 10. Two thirds
having voted for us pjssage, the resolution is
agreed to.
TIIH VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask leave to submit a reso-
lution euih m buck a bill which lias been sent to
the House of Representatives, in which it is im-
port,mf to make some changes;
JtcsolroL That the Secp-laiy Iv dnerfed to request the
IJou-e ol Kqne-f ntatjve- Jo ftnui to the Senate the hill
(S. An, i) to .iiilhome ihe employment oi \ ohmteeis to
aid in eiilc./in^ the l.twa and pu>i< emu; public pioperiy.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
APPRO1, Al, OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The Senare resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. iNo. ]) to approve and confirm
certain acts of the President of the United States
for suppressing insurrection and rebellion, the
question being on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
Air. POLK. Air. President, I procer d with the
reaum^of the resolutions adopted by the conven-
tion of the State of Missouri, where 1 left off yes-
tcrday:
'• Resolved, That, in the opaucn of this convention, the
employment of military force by the Federal Government
to coetce the submission of the seceding States, or the em-
ployment of military force by the seceding States to assail
the Government of the United States, will inevitably plunge
this country into civil war, and thereby entirely extinguish
all hopeofan amicable settlement of the fearful issues now
pending before the country; we therefore earnestly en-
treat, as well the Fedeial Government as the seceding
States, to withhold and stay the arm of military power, and
on no pretense whatever bring upon the nation the horrors
of civil war."
To this resolution the following amendment
was made:
"And it is the opinion of this convention, that the cher-
ished desire to preserve the countiy and restore fraternal
feelings, would be promoted by the withdiawal of the Fed-
eia! troops from such parts of the seceded States where
there is danger of a collision between the Fcdeiul and State
forces."
The only other resolution passed by the conven-
tion, as I believe, was one in regard to the ap-
pointment of certain committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will suspend hj§remarks. The Chair must appeal
to members of the Senate to preserve order. Sen-
ators in loud conversation and moving about the
room, so entirely disturb the business of the Sen-
ate that it is utterly impossible that it shall pro-
ceed. Senators will please take their seats and
come to order.
Mr. POLK. After the convention adjourned,
Mr. President, the people of the State of Missouri
pursued their ordinary avocations m quietude and
without any outbreaks or disturbances of any
kind. When the President of the United States,
on the 15th of April, issued his proclamation call-
ing for seventy-five thousand of the militia of
the States named by him, a demand was at the
same time made on the Governor of Missouri
for four regiments, according to my present rec-
ollection. That demand was not complied with
by the Governor of the State. Thereupon, cer-
tain persons immediately commenced to enlist
volunteers in the service of the United States.
This conduct was without law. The only laws
bearing on this subject passed by Congress, were
those of 179^ and 17JK3; besides, theie were the
militia laws of the State, and these laws had been
pursued by the President of the United States.
There was no other course than that adopted
by the President of the United States, known to
the existing legislation of the country Yet in a
very short time, there were persons in the city of
St. Louis calling themselves colonels, lieutenant
colonels, and majors of regiments that had been
thus illegally raised, but they had no commission
from the Governor of the State, and the Presi-
dent of the United States was not authorized to
£>ive them any.
Mr. President, in the State of Missouri there
was no " law of the United States opposed, or the
execution thereof obstructed by combinations of
men too powerful to be suppressed by the ordi-
nal y eomse of judicial proceedings. " Indeed, sir,
theie was no resistance of any United States law.
Yet Missouri, peaeelul and law abiding, without
cause, against law and in defiance of the Consti-
tution, was invaded by United States tioops, by
troops from Illinois, by tioops from Iowa, and
by troops from Kansas. Indeed,sir, it seems that
from the very moment in which the Administra-
tion resolved upon this policy of coercion, the
Stale ofMissouu was marked as a victim for sac-
rifice, for invasion, and subjugation. As early as
the 30th of April, within about two weeks after
the issuing of the first proclamation of the Presi-
dent, when there was entne quietudem the State
and no extraordinary excitement, before the meet-
ing of the Legislature at the extraoidiiiary call of
it that was made, (and that call was not made as
early as the Legislatures weie called in most of the
uon-slaveholdmg States of the Union,) and before
any steps had been taken by the authorities of
the State, or by the people, or by anybody else,
except those acting or professing to act under the
direction or by the authority of the Government
at Washington, there was issued from the office
of the Adjutant General the following order di-
rected to " Captain Nathaniel Lyon, second in-
fantry, commanding at St. Louis:"
Sir-: The President of the United folates direct* that
you enioli in the mihtaty service of the United Stafof. the
loyal citizens of St. JLoui* and vicinity, not exceeding, with
tbo.-o hcietofore enlisted, ten thousand m number, lor the
pinpo-e oi maintaining the auOioury or' the United Stated,
and for the pioteetion ot the peaceable mhabifant-s of Mis-
souri ; and jou will, if deemed necessaiy for that pmpo^e
by yourself,*and by Ohvei D. FilJey, John Ilow, James O.
Brodhead, Samuel T. Glover, J. Wetzing, and Francis P.
BJair, jr., proclaim martiallawin the city of St Louis. The
additional force hereby authorized shall be dischaigedin
j^art, or in whole, if enlisted, as soon as it appears to you
that there is no danger of an attempt on the part of the ene-
mies of the Government to takd military possession of the
city ot St. Louis, or put the city in the control of a combina-
tion against the Government of the United Btates; and while
such additional force remains in the service, the same shall
be governed by the rules and articles of war, and such spe-
cial regulations as you may presenbe. and bhall, like the
loice heretofore directed to be enrolled, be under your
command. L. THOMAS, Mjutant General.
This order was published in thp city of St.
Louis in a garbled form; apart of it was omitted.
The part omitted was this:
" By yourself, and by Oliver D. Filley, John Ilow, .Tames
O. Bioadhcad, Samuel T. Glover, J. Wetzing, andFiancis
P. Blair, ji."
The only remark I have to make on that, Mr.
President, is, that in my judgment the cause of
justice and of truth and of the Constitution is
never subserved by garbled publications, or by
false representations, or by suppressions of the
truth.
I have already shown, sir, that the President
of the United States has no right to proclaim mar-
tial law, or suspend the writ of habeas corpus9
either by himself or by any of his subordinate
officers, much less on the suggestion of any num-
ber of irresponsible citizens, however worthy and
excellent they may be. But who is it in this case
that is authorized to proclaim martial law? It is
a subaltern military officer, of a grade as low as
a captain of infantry. Martial law seems to me
to have been put at a very cheap rate by this
order of the President.
Again, sir, I hold in the next place that the
President of the United States has no authority
to enroll in the military service of the United
States "individuals not exceeding, with those
hcietoforc cm oiled, ten thousand in number," or
any other number of men, as called for by this
order. The laws of the land indicate clearly the
manner, and the only manner, in which citizens
or soldiers can be enrolled in the military service
of the United States; and those laws do not jus-
tify any such procedure as that indicated in this
order.
Again, the President of the United States says
in this order:
"While such additional force lemalns in the service,
the &ame *hall he governed by the rules and articles of war
and suck special regulations as you"—
That is, Captain Lyon—
" may proscribe, and shalljlke the force heretofore directed
to be cm oiled, be under your command."
The President of the United States has no
right, himself, to prescribe special regulations for
the government of soldiers in the service of the
United States. That, by the Constitution, is re-
served to the Congress of the United States, and
to the Congress alone; and much less has he any
authority to authorize a subaltern captain to pre-
scribe "special regulations," which, in addition
to the rules and regulations prescribed by Con-
gress—the rules and articles of war, in other
words—are to constitute the rule for the govern-
ment of the troops that he may have under his
control.
Missouri had in force a law, passed in 1859, for
the organization and disciplining and training of
her militia. That law provided for an encamp-
ment once a year, not exceeding six days—an en-
campment for the purpose of perfecting the force
in discipline and military drill, and inuring them
to the hardships and duties of the camp. This,
I believe,is common in other States of theUnion,
and especially m the northern section of the coun-
try; and I believe that,in thisrespect,the example
of Massachusetts had been followed by Missouri.
Under this law, a number of volunteer companies
were formed in the county of St. Louis, and per-
haps in other parts of the State, and during the
early part of the summer of the year 1860, such
an encampment was had in the neighborhood of
the city of St. Louis, under the direction of Gen-
eral Frost. It was for the purpose I have just in-
dicated. No complaint was made; nobody was
found to^ allege that there was anything illegal,
insurrectionary, or impioper in that encampment.
During the progress of this season, a similar en-
campment was ordered, under the same law, for
the (jth of May last. That encampment was held.
It was likewise in the vicinity of the city of St.
Louis, and about the same distance from the city,
