THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1861.
New Series...;.No. 5.
as that of the preceding year. It was for thesame
purposes. It was under the same law. It was
under the direction of the same General Frost.
It was held in entire security, or rather in the con-
fident belief, on the part of those who were engaged
in it, that they were not to be interfered with, and
especially so, because they were protected by the
provisions of two constitutions—first, the consti-
tution of the State of Missouri, which says, that
"the right of the citizen to bear arms in defense
of himself and of the State cannot be questioned;"
and secondly, the Constitution of the United
States, which says,that "a well regulated militia
being necessary to the security of a free State, the
right of the people to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed." The encampment was selected
with no view to strength as a strategical point. It
was in the neighborhood of the city, in a grove, on
it beautiful green sward, and having the advantage
of cool and inviting shade. It was accessible to
the city; it was resorted to, in great numbers, by
the citizens, and by the strangers who might hap-
pen to be there, and were led to visit it cither by
interest in the persons who were encamped, or for
purposes of curiosity or pleasure. On Friday,
the lltli of May, when these volunteers were en-
camped there, as I said, in the confidence of per-
fect security, when many of them were absent in
the city of St. Louis, on leave, not dreaming of
attack orof interruption,there were marched upon
them the regiments that had been collected in the
arsenal and in other portions of the city of St.
Louis, well armed with the deadly Minie rifle,
supported by parks of artillery; and without no-
tice, and suddenly, a demand is made upon them
that they surrender themselves unconditionally as
prisoners of war. Circumstanced as they were,
there was no alternative but to comply. They
were marched out between two files of soldiers,
and taken as prisoners of war, and confmcd as
«uch in the arsenal at St. Louis. There was a
large concourse of people there, of all ages, sexes,
and conditions—men, women, and children.
There was excitement, and no doubt deep in-
dignation. Many of those that were there were
the friends and near relatives of the persons who
were thus treated. This feeling exhibited itself
in hoots and hisses, and the result was that a
charge was ordered by the bayonet and then an
order to fire was given, and the deadly Mime ball
did its mission of death on unarmed men and help-
less women and innocentchildren. The slaughter
under the circumstances was tremendous. It was
shocking and revolting; and, as is the case most
generally with those who are wounded with the
Minie ball* very few of those who were wounded
cscaped with their lives; and just before 1 left my
home for the capital one of the victims of that
murderous attack—I shall not be sure whether
the forty-fifth or fifty-second—breathed his last.
Befoie these volunteers—who were taken,
marched down to the arsenal, and confined there—
had been discharged, a number ofpersons, mostly,
if not exclusively, of German descent, wentdown
to the arsenal, and they too, after taking some
kind of an oath—what it was I do not know, ex-
actly—were armed by the United States. Their
arms, too, were loaded and charged with the '
Mime ball. They then marched up through the
city of St. Louis; and when they arrived at the
center of the city and had turned from Fifth street
out on Walnut street, going west, a large concourse
of people having assembled there, and having also
indulged in indignities towards them, as I believe,
and as it is said, having discharged a pistol at them,
but without effect, they turned and discharged their
weapons on the crowd that thronged the sidewalks,
and into the houses that woe adjacent and lined the
street; and so great was the confusion and the ex-
citement of the occasion, that some of those who
were at the head of the column actually discharged
their pieces on those of theircomrades who were
in the rear, and a number of them also fell vic-
tims to that discharge. These were what are
known in that locality as home guards—per-
sons who are marched down to the arsenal and,
on the administration of an oath to them, have
arms distributed to them on behalf of the United
States.
Mr. President, 1 wish to make one remark on
this point. 1 say that such a proceeding is un-
warranted by the laws. The acts of .Congress
only authorize the distribution of arms to the sol-
diers regularly enrolled in the military service of
the United States or to the States themselves. I
know that the pretext is, that this is necessary
for the purpose of protecting uloyal" citizens
againstwhatarecalled"secessionists." Mr.Pres-
ident, it is the imperative and indispensable duty
of the State governments to protect all their citizens
against all aggression on the part of any of their
fellow-citizens, and under our system of consti-
tutions it lskso much and so exclusively the duty
of the State government, that the United States
Government, in this respect, is as alien to the
States as would be the Government of France or
of England; and the United States Government
has no more right to intervene byamiod interfer-
ence, for the purpose of such protection of one
citizen of any State against the wrong-doing of
his fellow-citizen of the same State, than would
Louis Napoleon have to march his gens desarmes
into one of these States for the same purpose.
The Constitution and laws of the United States
are such that even civil redress is prohibited to
the Federal tribunals in such eases for aggression
and wrong that may have been done by one citi-
zen againstanothercitizen of the same State. The
United States courts have no jurisdiction in such
cases; the jurisdiction belongs exclusively to the
State courts; much less has the United States any
authority to interfere by men with arms in then-
hands, for the purpose of doing this thing which
cannot be done before her peaceful tribunals; un-
less, indeed, the tune lias come in which, amidst
the clangor of arms, the warnings of the Consti-
tution, and the inhibitions of the law, are not to
be heard, and in which the military power may
do whatever those who have the control of it may
deem advisable to be done.
On the 14th of May, the Legislature of Missouri
being then in session, passed an act (in pursuance
of that clause of the Constitution of the United
States which " reserves to the States respectively
the appointment of the officers and the authority
of training their militia") for the purpose of or-
ganizing and disciplining the volunteer militia of
the State and providing for the appointment of its
officers. On that same day, General Harney, who
had just returned from this city, took command
of the military post at St. Louis, and he immedi-
ately issued a military manifesto. Let it be borne
in mind that the right thinking and true feeling
citizens of the State of Missouri had been shocked
and outraged by the murderous transaction that
had taken place at Camp Jackson. Let it be fur-
ther borne zn mind that the first public act on the
pai tof General Harney towards the State of Mis-
souri, after his return, was the issuing of this
military manifesto, t.o which I have just referred.
In this manifesto, the general assumes: first, to
instruct the citizens of Missouri as to their duty
and their interests. In all charity, Mr. President,
it seems to me that it might have been supposed
that the people of the State did not need any such
instruction. In the next place, lie proceeds to
warn them of the perils that were ahead of them,
and for that, I think, he deserved their thanks,
for the sequel showed that the perils and woes
which overhung them were thick enough and
grievous enough.
He then assumes upon himself to declare that
the act of the Legislature of Missouri, which I
have last referred to, was in most of its import-
ant provisions unconstitutional, and to v/arn the
people of the State that it would be treated by
him accordingly, and would be held as null and
void; and that any attempt to enlist or collect
volunteers under it would be summarily put down
without regard to any fi subterfuges, whether in
the forms of legislative acta or otherwise."
Mr. President, 1 have a high opinion of Gen-
eral Harney as a good and valiant and gallant
soldier. I have known him long. But he does
great injustice to himself when he allows himself
to assume an attitude so false and damaging as
this. A mere military man assuming to pronounce
a law passed by the Legislature of a State ^un-
constitutional; putting himself above the sover-
eign State of Missouri—above its government in
all its departments, its executive and its legisla-
tive and judicial departments. Sir, it be)onge4
to the supreme court of the State of Missouri in
the last resort to pass upon the constitutionality
of that law; and if a case should arise under it
which would give jurisdiction to the United States
courts, then it belonged to the Supreme Court of
the United States to pronounce that decision; and
it was no part either of the prerogative or of the'
duty of any military gentleman, however high
his position or his character might be, to pro-
nounce such a judgment upon the legislation .of
the State of Missouri.
Let it be further borne in mind, that atthis very
time the Legislature of the State of Missouri was
in session. That Legislature was also in session,
at the time of the bloody transaction of! the black
Friday, at Camp Jackson; but so unwilling were
they to be brought in any way in conflict with the
General Government, that, instead of doing as
some other Stateshad done without such provoca-
tion—that is, undertaking to withdraw the State
from the Union—they contented themselves merely
with passing resolutions condemnatory of these
assumptions on the part of General Harney, and
then adjourned.
What comes next? I have referred to one ar-
senal in the city of St. Louis. It has been there
for many years, an extensive one and rich in
armament; but minor arsenals were now estab-
lished in other paits of the city, depositories .for
gunsin divers localities. The regiments that had
been collccted in that arsenal were moved out of
it. Companies were stationed in different por-
tions of the city; squads of soldiers were placed
at the railroad depots and upon the thoroughfares
entering into the city. The shipments of mer-
chandise by the river were subjected to an exam-
ination by armed soldiers. Goods shipped by the
railroads were also examined, the packages opened
and searched. Passengers by the railroads were
subjected to an examination; cars were stopped
and armed soldiers passed through them, to see
that there was nothing " contraband," as they
said. The object I do not undertake to indicate.
Carriages were stopped going in and out of the city
on the public streets and highways, and in some
instances this was carried to the length of exam*
ining carriages in which there were only ladies,
who were visiting their relatives and friends with-
out a male person with them, except the servant
who was driving the carriage.
Thus the city of St. Louis was under a mili-
tary despotism, more complete and thorough than
she had ever known as a village when she be-
longed to the military despotism of Old Spain.
As may be supposed, under such circumstances,
gangs of informers gathered and spies swarmed,
and citizens good and true, in different sections
of the State, were denounced. The result was
that soldiers, in companies, were sent out to dif-
ferent portions of the State, and citizens arrested
in their homes, and brought into the city and im-
prisoned in the arsenal, without warrant, and by
the mere might of arbitrary military power. This
was the casein the town of Potosi, the shire town
of the county of Washington; it was the case in
Maraim-c; it was the casein Hillsborough, and in
other parts of the State. It would be wearisome
to enumerate all the instances of this lawlessness,
and much worse than wearisome to go through
the tyrannous details of each individual case.
In this state of affairs, when the forbearance
of the people had been taxed to a very large
extent, General Price, at the head of the militia
force of the Stati>, by the direction of the Govern-
or visited St. Louis, and had an interview with
General Harney, Thejr seem to have had a full
and frank conference. They came to an under*
standing. That understanding relieved the State
of the weight of apprehension ahirm
