68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
and of the States, not only to justify and to excuse,
but absolutely to approve his acts. I will read
that part of the resolution:
"That all the extraordinary acts, proclamations, and
orders hereinbefore mentioned be, and the same are here-
by, approved and declared to be m all respects legal and
valid."
Is there a Senator here who believes that the
President of the United States has warrant of the
law and the Constitution for suspending this act
of habeas corpus? If there is, he holds the Con-
stitution in a very different light than did the Su-
freme Court of the United States in the decision
have read, Judge Story in his Commentaries,
and all other commentators on the Constitution.
I have, to some extent, examined the decisions,
and I find they all hold the very same doctrine.
But some gentlemen, as did the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] the other day, seem
to think there was some necessity for it. Where ?
There could be no necessity that would authorize
this violation of the Constitution. Several per-
sons, I have heard, have been imprisoned under
it; among them, a man by the nameofMerryman,
in the city of Baltimore, and the police commis-
sioners of that city, who are now at Fort Mc-
Henry, and denied the privilege of this writ. I
think there could have been no necessity for it;
because this wiit, in my judgment, should never
be suspended, not even in the cases prescribed in
the Constitution, unless the judges of the country
are considered too corrupt to administer the law.
When the judges become tori corrupt, in the opin-
ion of the legislative department, to administer
the law, then I think that Congress might law-
fully and properly exercise the power to suspend
this writ in tne instances prescribed in the Con-
stitution, but not until then.
The Chief Justice of the United States issued
his writ to have Mr. Meiryman brought before
him. it was refused. lie then, I believe, issued
an attach men t for contempt against the command-
ing ollieer at Port Mclionry, Genera) Cadwala-
(ler, and the officer of the court was not permitted
to execute that last process. What harm could
there have been in having this man, John Mer-
ryman, brought before the Chief Justice of the
United {States, if he were lawfully imprisoned ? It
would have been the duty of the Chief Justice to
investigate the ease, and if lie found that Mcriy-
nian was impioperly and unlawfully deprived of
his liberty, to discharge him. If he had been of
t he opinion that he was guilty, and propei ly im-
prisoned, and the case wua not a bailable one, he
would have to remand him to the prison; or if,
in his judgment, it were a bailable ease, and the
man probably guilty, then to discharge him on
bail. What harm, if the man were really guilty,
would there have been in bringing him before the
Chief Justice, and allowing the judgment to be
rendeiod? Why,sir,if you allow the Executive,
or any other oilicer, to suspend this great writ,
who k n that h secure m his person or his lib-
erty? If the President e;ui evlend this power to
all subalterns in the Army, notwithstanding the
laws and the Constitution, which allow freedom
of speech, and to a Senator the privilege to utter
his sen time jits here without being questioned, you
mi1;lit be arrested and put into prison before you
reached your lodgings. I tell you, Senatots,
you uhould pause before you approve the acts
of your President, thus ruthlessly violating the
Constitution of your country and suspending its
laws.
I will say no more on that subject; but I will
proceed to another branch of the argument, for I
intend to be very brief;
u Fnililv. He did, on the 3d day ot'iUav laif, i^ue a pioc-
l.unatioa e,tllin«; into ihe m:i vice oi (lie United Elates lui ry-
tu'o thou-aml and thntyfouj voiuntcei.-. the
H'nulai AnriV !>v the addition of I went \ two thousand seven
hundred .md touiteen nu'ri. an<| ihe -\av> b\ an addition of
eighteen thousand MMinen."'
I demand to know of the friends of tins resolu-
tion the clause of the Constitution or the law of
the land that authorized the President of the Uni-
ted States to double the standing Army, and to
make so large an increase of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States. The Constitution of the United States
is very specific and distinct upon this subject. It
confers upon the Congress of the United States
aione the power to raise and suppoi t armies, and
to provide and maintain a navy. I ask Senators
to point me to the law or to the constitutional
warrant that authorizes the President of the Uni-
ted States to raise armies. It is specifically de-
clared in this resolution that he has added to the
regular Army twenty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and fourteen men. He has more than doubled
it. Is there any law authorizing that? Will gen-
tlemen pretend to say that there is? Has it any
warrant in the Constitution? The Constitution
declares that Congress shall have the power to
raise and support armies. In the resolution it is
said that the President has also increased the Navy
by an addition of eighteen thousand seamen.
Senators, I suppose, undertake to get clear of
the illegal act of the President under the plea of
necessity. That plea of necessity, as was well
said by my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] has
been the plea of tyrants the world over. There
never was a king, potentate, or sovereign, when
he was assuming powers that did not belong to
him for the purpose of crushing the liberties of his
people, who did not do it under the pica of" neces-
sity." I hold that that plea, even if it was legal,
(which it was not, because the Constitution de-
nies him that power,) is not well taken, for the
necessity did not exist. Was the capital of the
United States saved by the increase of twenty-two
thousand men to the regular Army ? Was it saved
by adding eighteen thousand men to the Navy?
I affirm, in the presence of the Senate, that it was
not. What saved it? If saved at all, it was saved
by the volunteer force that came to the standard
of the Government under the proclamation of the
President. I do not know whether the confed-
erate States intended to take this capital. If they
did, it was the duty of the President to use all the
means confided to him by the Constitution to
resist the attempt. That I cheerfully admit. But,
sir, if the capital was sav<?dfrom an attack it was
saved by the volunteer force of the country which
was called out under the first proclamation of the
President.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber and
indeed alt around have been justly eulogistic
of the promptitude with which volunteers ""from
their respective sections of the country rushed to
the service, at the call of the President. When
the President had the right to call out a million
of men for the purpose of protecting the capital,
for the time, prescribed by the law of 1795, which
is until thiity days after the expiration of the
commencement of the then next session of Con-
gress, will Senators tell me he could not have
saved this capital without violating the Consti-
tution and the law by adding twenty-two thousand
to the regular Army, or eighteen thousand seamen
to the Navy? Senators, theie is not one of you
who in his conscience believes that this addition
to the regular Army or Navy saved this capital.
I hope, therefore, that we shall not hear the
plea of necessity urged any more in this Cham-
ber, for really and verily it did not exist. The
call of the Piesident was for seventy-five thou-
sand men; and the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] said that in three or four days
they were marching from his State to Washing-
ton. They came from all over the country, twice,
perhaps thiee times as many as were called for;
and they weie the persons who saved the capital,
if it was saved. I do not think it is becoming the
manhood of the Senate thus to depreciate the ser-
vices of the volunteers of the country when they
did this duty, by excusing the President for add-
ing twenty-two thousand men to the regular Army,
and eighteen thousand seamen to the Navy, con-
tiary to the Constitution and laws of the country,
under the plea of necessity. For one, sir, I never
will approve of the violation of the Constitution
of my country on any plea of necessity—never,
never. I have sworn to be true and loyal to it,
and I will approve of the act of no man who
wantonly and flagrantly violates it.
And, sir, so far as this whole matter is con-
cerned, allow me to say that this secession, this
revolution, this dismemberment of the Union, or
whatever you please to call it, was not suddenly
forced upon the Executive of the United States.
Before the close of the last session of Congress,
1 believe, there weie seven States which declared
that they were out of the Union. Their Senatois
left this flail; they had proceeded to form a pro-
visional government; and they had denied all
and eveiy allegiance to the Government of the
United States. Mr. Buchanan, then President
of the United States, made known these facts to
Congress m a message, and told them that the
remedy was with them, for he had no power under
the Constitution and laws to act in such an emer-
gency. What were the facts? Why, sir, in the
lower House they undertook to pass some bill
touching this subject. I do not remember its
title; my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
who was a distinguished member of that House,
perhaps can tell. I know they spoke of it in
common parlance as the " force bill." That bill
was rejected in th« House; at least it was never
passed. Whether they took a vote on it or not,
I do not know; but I know it did not pass.
Then, sir, here weie States claiming to be out
of the Union. Why did not the present President
of the United States, when he came into office,
(if he wished to increase the Army, if he wished
to increase the Navy, for the purpose of putting
down this revolutionary movement South,) con-
vene Congress earlier? He could have convened
Congress a month or two earlier than he did. He
did not do it; and therefore 1 say to Senators that
I do not think the plea of necessity is well taken.
This increase of the Army and the Navy, then,
did not save your capital or your public property
anywhere.
Then there was no necessity for this increase
of the regular Army; and yet we are called upon
to approve all tiiese acts, to justify and legalize
them. Great God! Senators, can you legalize a
violated and disrupted and broken Constitution?
In my judgment, you cannot. If you do this on
the plea of necessity, or because of the extraor-
dinary times by which we are surrounded, let me
tell you that you set a precedent most dangerous
to the people of a free country. I had been of the
opinion that liberty existed alone in the supremacy
of the law. Demagogues may prate as they will;
but there is no liberty save in the supremacy of
the laws of your country; and if you allow the
President, or any other officer, to violate the laws
of your country with impunity, let me tell you
that your liberties are fast waning away. Allow
it in one case, and let some malicious tyrant—a
Caisar or a Bonaparte—assume that office in fu-
ture, and he will avail himself of this plea of ne-
cessity, and perhaps place around him an armed
band of a million of men, in violation of the law;
and his menials and partisans and favorites will
say, here is the precedent for it in the adminis-
tration ofPrcsident Abraham Lincoln, in the year
1861, when the whole Senate of the nation, under
their oath, indorsed that violation and infraction
of the Constitution.
Senators, let me tell you that when you vote
this resolution, in my judgment, you will not
only infract the Constitution yourselves, (and it
is our duty, I hold, to suppoit it,) but, by justi-
fying and approving the action of the President,
you will set an example most dangerous to a free
people, and one that will be a step far towards
the overthrow of our liberties. Others can do as
they please; but for myself, I cannot and I will
not sanction the violation of the (Constitution of
my country by any official; I will not applaud
it; I will disapprove it; I will condemn it in
every form that I possibly can.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask
the Senator this question: whether he approves
of the action of the Governor of Kentucky, in re-
fusing to send volunteers here, in response to the
president's proclamation, to defend this capital?
Mr. POWELL. I will answer the question
with a great deal of pleasure. I can say to the
Senator that I believe all Kentucky approved of
the action of our Governor, I among the rest. I
believe that men there of every political party
approved it. I believe it is approved by our en-
tiro people. When I say entire, of course there
may be a few exceptions, but certainly every
political organization tn the State, by public re-
solve, approved it, and the Legislature of the State
approved it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I desire to ask the
Senator whether he wished this capital protected?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; I did wish the cap-
ital protected, and I had supposed there were
plenty of men here to protect it.
Mr. President, it strikes me that in the earlier
and better days of the Republic, instead of being
engaged in an effort to pass through the Senate a
resolution approving these violations of the Con-
stitution by the Chief Executive, we should have
been engaged in a far different scene. With such
wanton, such palpable violations of the Constitu-
