70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
from his speech as reported in the Globe, which
1 hold in ray hand. Now, the Senator says that
a territorial form of government is a republican
form of government, I was astonished that agen-
tleman so eminent as is the Senator should resort
to what I call a very shallow subterfuge to avoid
the position which I took. Would the Senator
say that the Government would be fulfilling that
clause of the Constitution which says the tlnited
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government, if it reduced a
free State, one of the sovereign States of this
Union, to the condition of a Territory? I am con-
fident the distinguished Senator would contend for
•no such untenable position. That our territorial
governments are republican to some extent is very
true. They are provided for people who are not
sovereign. They are provided for our distant Ter-
ritories when their condition is not such as to en-
title "them to enter the family of States as members
of the Confederacy. They are governed for the
purpose of preparing them to enter the Union a*
States, and for that only.
But will the Senator say that he observes the
Constitution of his country, which guaranties to
each State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, by destroying a State organization and
reducing it to the condition of a Territory, and
sending Governors from other States to govern
* it? I am sure my friend will not do such injus-
tice to his own ability as to assume and urge any
such position.
I expressed, a few moments ago, my great re-
gret that my distinguished fnend from Oregon
had withdrawn his adherence from those of us
who desired peace and conciliation; who desired
a settlement of the vexed questions agitating the
country without a resort to arms. I know how
fully 1 appreciated that Senator's movements last
session, and 1 deeply regretted that his able and
eloquent advocacy of pence propositions and
amendments to the Constitution had so little in-
fluence upon Senators upon his side of the Cham-
ber. still declare, to-day, that I desire these
difficulties to be settled in any other way than by
a recourse to arms. I do not believe that this
Union will ever be reinstated, or that it will over
be held together by force of arms. I believe that
those who really love the Union, tho.se who wish
to restore the union of these. States, those who
wish to bring them back in harmony under the
< -onstilution of the country, desire to avert war.
I said in my place last winter that I believed war
was equivalent to disunion. I solemnly believe
to-day that every battle you light will widen and
deepen the chasm that divides the States of this
Union. In my judgment,Senators, you can never
reunite this distracted, broken Confederacy by
force of arms. 1 do inH believe that one section
can ever conquer the other; but if it eould,so far
from that bringing about the result for which you
go to war, you would have produced the very op-
posite; you would have forevorclestroyed the con-
stitutional Union.
Senators, in my judgment, we should make
every effort to settle this matter peaceably. I
would like to see this wai instantly cease on both
.sides, and then see the States that arc now ar-
rayed in hostile attitude against each other, ex-
haust" every means possible for the peaceful set-
tlement of the difficulties by such amendments to
the Constitution as would satisfy all parties, and
allow us to live in peace and harmony once moic
as a united people. I desire to see this Union
reunited, and this constitutional Confedeiacy go
o)i as a whole as much as any man in this Cham-
ber. But I feel confident that you can never effect
that by arms. You must do it by compromise;
you must do it by conciliation. You cannot do
it by force. I heartily concurred with the Sena-
tor from Illinois, (now, I regret, no more,) the late
Mr. Douglas, in the speech which he made here
on the 15th of March last. It so fully meets my
views on this question of coercion, that I will
send it forward, and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"I prefer such im amicable settlement to peaceable dis-
union; and I prefer it a thousand time-, to civil war. If
we can adopt such amendments as will be satisfactory to
Viruima, North Carolina, Tennessee, and the other border
fcJutes, the plan of pacification which wilt satisfy them will
create a Union party in the cotton State*, which will *oon
ernhiace a large majority of the people in tho^e States, and i
ImnjrUiem back-ot their own free will and accoul; and thus I
restore, strengthen, and perpetuate this gloilous old Union j
forever. I repeat, whatever guarantees will satisfy Maiy- 1
land and tbe border States (the States now in the Union)
will create a Union party in the seceded States that will
brin  them back by the voluntary action of their own people.
You can restore and preserve the Government in that mode.
You can do it in no other.
"War is disunion. War is final, eternal separation.
Ilenee, disguise it as you may, every Union man in Amer-
ica must advocate such amendments to the Constitution
as will preserve peacc and lestoie the Union; while every
disumoni&t, whether openlyor secretly plotting its destruc-
tion, is the advocatc of peaceful secession, or of war, as
the surest means of rendering reunion and reconstruction
impossible. [ have too much respect for his intellect to
believe, for one moment, that theio is a man l'or war svho
is not a disumonist per sc. Hence I do not mean, if I can
prevent it, thatthe enemies of the Union—men plotting to
destroy it—shall du\g this countiyinto war, under the pre-
text of protecting the public pioperty and enforcing the
laws and collecting revenue, when their object is disunion,
and war the means ot accomplishing a cherished purpose.
" The disunion i&ts therefore, arc divided into two clause6.:
the one open, the other secret, disunionist. Tho.one is in
favor of peaceful secession and a recognition of independ-
ence ; the other i& in favor of war as the surest means of
accomplishing the object, and of making the separation
final and eternal. 1 am a Union man, and hence against
war; but it the Union mii't be tempoiarily broken by a
revolution, and the establishment of a de facto government
by some of the States, let no act be done that will prevent
restoration and ftituic pieservation. Peacc is the only
policy that can lead to that result.
" lint wo are tnld, and we hear it repeated everywhere,
that we must find out whether we have got a Government.
' Have we a Government ?' is the question, and we aie told
we must test that question by u.-mg the military power to
put down alldiscontented spirit^. Pir,thit>question, ' have
we a Government?' Inn been propounded by every tyiant
who has tried to keep his feet on the necks of the people
since the world hef*nn. When the barons demanded Magna
Chaita fiom King John at Jtunnymede, he exclaimed,
4 Have we a Government ?' and called for his army to put
down the discontented barons. When Charles I attempted
to collect the ships' money in disregard of the rights of the
people, and was resisted by them, he exclaimed, ' Have
we a Government? We cannot treat with rebels; put
down the tiaitors ; we must sdioiv that we have a Govern-
ment.5 When James [1 wasdriven from the throne of Eng-
land for finniplim; on the libcittes of the people, he called
for his army, and exclaimed, ' Let ii^how that we have
a Government.' When Geojgo llf ealted upon his army
to put down the lebeliiou in America, T.oid Noitli cued
lustily, * No compromise with tiauors; let us demoiwiate
tliatwc Ji.ive a Government.' When, m 1818, the people
rose upon their tvianls all over Emop."' and demanded
gnaiantees foi then right", every crowned head exclaimed,
4 Have jve a Government?' and appealed to the aimyto
vindicate then uuihority and enfoiee the law.
u Sir, the hiMoiy of the woild does not tail to condemn
the loilv. weakness, and wickedness of that Govei nment
which diaws ns «wou! upon it i own people when thevde-
manded gnaiantees foi then rights. Tin** cry, that we miift
hav<- n Government, Is meiely following the example of the
besotted U >tu lion, \v ho never h-uined anything by mi-for-
tune, never forgave an injut\. ne\ < r foiqor an affront. Must
we deinoustiate that we have got a Government, and co-
erce ob"dicnce without relerenceto thejiHtiee oi injustice
of the complaint? Sir, whcnevei ten million people pio-
elaim to von, with one unanimous voice, that they appie-
hend I hen i ighN, then firesides, and their family aliar* are
in dana;ei, it becomes a wi-e Govt turnout to listen to the
appeal, and to remove the appiehensmn. Histoiy does not
iceoid an example wlteie any human government has been
strong enough to eiush icn million people into subjection
when they believed their tight^ and liberties were impeiiled
without fn t converting the <joveimnent Itself into a des-
potism, and doMrojmgthe l.i^t vestige oftreedom "
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, tli o sentiment
expressed in the extract just read from the speech
of the illustrious Senator from Illinois, now no
more, fully meets my approval. I approved it
when it was uttered in this Chamber; i approve
it now. I verily believe that those who propose
to maintain the Union of these States by arms are
disunionists. They may not wish to destroy the
Union; but the very means to which they resort
for the purpose of saving it, will most assuredly
accomplish its destruction. Hence I have been
from the beginning opposed to war, and I am now
opposed to it. I tlnnk that, in this age, as a Chris-
tian, enlightened people, we should settle these
difficulties without a resort to arms. If Senators
on the other side of the Chamber last winter had
cooperated with Senators on this side, and we
could have had a corresponding action in the other
Mouse, I have no doubt all the.^e dirhcultics could
have been settled. It is well known that propo-
sitions to amend the Constitution were introduced
here, and that everybody on this side of the Cham-
ber approved them, and was ready to go for them;
and why were they not passed? It was because
the whole Republican side of the Senate put their
faces against them. With the exception, perhaps,
of the distinguished Senator from Oregon, I do
not believe they got a vote from that side of the
Senate. My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Dix-
on] I know made a gallant and patriotic speech,
but I do not remember that he voted for one of
those resolutions, though I will do him the jus-
tice to say that I believe, if he thought they would
have passed, he would have done so. We did
everything in our power, by proposing constitu-
tional amendments, to avert the difficulty, and to
restore harmony to a distractcd country. Why
was it not done?
Senators, you on that side of the Chamber arc
responsible for it; and when the passions of men
shall have abated, and this wild fanaticism, this
warlike spirit that now sweeps over the land shall
have subsided, the people of this country will
calmly and dispassionately look into the history
of these times, and if it snail be, as I fear it will
be, that this Union is forever destroyed, that this
mighty fabric of our fathers is torn, this great
Government overthrown, history, impartial his-
tory, will hold you responsible for it; for you
could have settled the controversy; you could
have settled it peaceably; you could have set-
tled it without impairing any rights of any mail
or any State in the Nortl^, by granting proper
guarantees to the South which would have done
you, your property, or your States, no harm.
You declined to do it; the responsibility is with
you. I hoped, when the President summoned us
to meet in this extraordinary session, that I
should have seen in the message of that distin-
guished individual some proposition of compro-
mise, of peacc, and of settlement; butl was sorry,
on hearing it read, to find that it contained no
such proposition. I was in hopes that the distin-
guished Senators on the other side of the Chamber
wouldintroduce some proposition to restore peace
to this distracted country; to reunite, if possible,
these States; to cause this war, that can result in
no good to any, but irreparable and incalculable
injury to all, to cease.
Sir, I have no doubt now that a thousand mil-
lions of money will not make up to this country
the losses that will have ensued in consequence
of this revolution. You will go on; you will
vote here, perhaps, §500,000,000 to carry on this
war for a single year; and if you bring into the
field five hundred thousand men, on information
I get from distinguished military men, you will
have to be very economical in the administration
of your military affairs if it docs not cost you
every dollar of your §500,000,000 to support
your five hundred thousaud men. You will not
get enough revenue in the mean time from the or-
dinary sources to pay one third of the expenses
of your civil Government. The country owing
now nearly one hundred million, will, at the end
of another year, owe six or seven hundred mil-
lions of money; and even provided you get the
money, at the end of another year that debt will
be doubled, and the revenues that you will get
from your tariff will not raise money enough at
the end of two years to pay the interest on your
public debt. In the mean time your commerce is
destroyed, your trade broken down, every indus-
trial pursuit, every material interest destroyed;
your people are thrown out of employment, the
workshops closed, your shipping rotting; every
'art of peace, and everything that is calculated to
make a people great, free, prosperous, and happy,
will be prostrated,and what will you have done?
Will you have reunited the States ? No, sir; you
never can reunite them by the sword. You will
have butchered hundreds of thousands of your
countrymen. There will be thousands of widows
and orphans made upon both sides. You may
sack cities, you may burn houses, you may cut
throats for twenty years, and you will never re-
instate States and reconstruct and reform this
Union by that course. I tell you, Senators, it is
madness to thmk of it.
It is our duty, then, so far from approving
what the President has done, by our votes, to
give that distinguished magistrate astern rebuke
for the power that he has assumed; for the vio-
Tcncc he has done to the Constitution of his coun-
try. We should tell him that we consider that
our liberties are held by virtue of the supremacy
of the laws, and in no other way; and that we
will allow no magistrate, with impunity, to vio-
late the Constitution and the laws of the land
without giving him a stern rebuke.
I believe it was the custom in the free common-
wealth of Athens to decree ail her magistrates who
did not administer her government, or execute the
functions of the government accoiding to law, to
be tyrants; and it was well done, for that people
knew that liberty dwelt only under the shelter of
the supremacy of law. One of tjie most alarming
