74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. McCLERNAND. I now move, pro forma,
that the appropriation be increased $8,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois that he must confine
himself strictly to the amendment he has offered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
-will permit me, I will submit an amendment,
which the gentleman from Illinois can oppose,
c£nd in that way attain the object he seeks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman will confine his remarks to the amend-
ment increasing the appropriation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will try to do so.
It is important, however, that I should first notice
what has fallen from the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. He very candidly informs the House,
and through the House the country, that not one
dollar will he vote to put down, either by regu-
lar or volunteer force, this rebellion ag&inst the
country. Sir, when he took his scat upon this
floor, he took upon himself a solemn obligation,
sanctioned by an oath in the sight of the country
and before God, that he would support the Con-
stitution. Can he do so by folding his aims
while the butteries of rebellion arc leveled at the
capital ? Is that the way he proposes to discharge
his obligation? I leave it for all impartial men to
decide whether it is the proper way. The gen-
tleman says that he is opposed to the prosecution
of this war, because it cannot eventuate in the re-
establishment of the Federal authority. Is the
wish father to the opinion—the declaration? I
will not say so.
The gentleman assumes that the people of the
seceded States 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must confine his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am just coming to
it. [Laughter.]
The gentleman assumes—he must assume as the
basis of his assertion—that all of the seceded States
are disloyal. I respectfully deny the correctness
of the assumption. On the contrary, I assert, and
with entire confidence, that just as the Federal
flag advances towards the heart of this rebellion,
thousands and tons of thousands of loyal men in
the seceded States will be found rallying around
it, ready Lo uphold it. I also deny, sir, that this
is a war of conquest. Far from it. It is a war
to put down rebels and rebellion, and to guaranty
security of person and property to the Union men
of those Suites; it is a war waged in behalf of the
Constitution anil laws. This is its purpose and
mission; and it will fulfill it, with the blessing of
God. Nor is there one of those States in winch
there are not ample numbers of Union men to
maintain a State government after the rebellion
shall have been put down. I tow is it in the State
of Kentucky, in part represented by the gentle-
man himself? It was lately asserted that that State
would go out of the Union, and yet the. verdict of
her people at the last election, by a majority of
more than fifty thousand, was against it and in
favor of the Union; and 1 honorthem for it. Clay
was no follower of Calhoun in the scheme of nul-
lification, nor is Kentucky a follower of South
Carolina m the scheme of secession.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. He is not speaking to his amendment,
and the rule of the House is imperative. It is a
proper rule, and ought to be enforced.
Mr. McCLERNAND. What I have said has
been preliminary only to what I shall now say.
[Laughter.] We must appropriate a &u {Haunt
amount of money and raise a sufficient military
force to put down this rebellion; otherwise its evils
must become more and more aggravated and ca-
lamitous. That is a reason for making the appro-
priation, if not increasing it. The gentleman says
that a standing army is condemned by the teach-
ings of the fathers—that the fathers were opposed
to a standing army m this country. Now, sir,
theie has not been a time since the foimation of
the Government when there was not a standing
army in this country.
Mr. BURNLTT. I stated that the policy of
the Government never was in favor of keeping up
a large standing army.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Would tins proposed
increase make a large standing army for this
country? The gentleman might think so, while,
on the contrary, 1 might think otherwise. We
have a gieat many Indian tribes inhabiting the
country between the Mississippi river and the
Rocjcy mountains and the region beyond. They
have to be kept in subjection. We have various
forts to occupy. We have diversified military
service to perform. I say that fourteen thousand
men is not a force sufficient to watch those In-
dians and to restrain their occasional warfare upon
our frontier settlements; to take care of our forts
and arsenals; and to secure the country against
the evils of rebellion and revolution. It is an in-
sufficient force and ought to be increased, so as
to correspond in magnitude with our population
and public necessities, and so the war minister
under successive Administrations has from time
to time suggested and recommended.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Chairman has not
allowed me a very good chance even in those five
minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. The honorable gentleman
from Illinois was pleased to refer to the fact that,
a few days ago, with himself and the other mem-
bers upon this floor, I took an oath to support the
Constitution pf the United States. Yes, sir, I did
take that oath. I took it with as clear a con-
science, and as firm and fixed a determination to
stand by that instrument, as any member upon
this floor. I understand the breadth and scope of
that obligation, and I do not recognize the right
of the member from Illinois to become my censor
in reference to the discharge of my duties m this
House. I am the representative of the people of
Kentucky, who sent, me here, and 1 am respons-
ible to them and my country, and to nobody else,
for what I do here'.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order. lie must confine them to the
ponding amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. That much t was forced to
say in response to the gentleman from Illinois.
One other remark, and 1 shall take my seat. Each
man must judge for himself as to what his duties
are under the oath he has taken. I believe, sir,
that. 1 am best subserving the interests of my
country, the cause of constitutional representa-
tive government, and the prosperity and happi-
ness of this great people, by advocating a peaceful
solution of onr present troubles.
Air. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question ? The gentle-
man proposes a peaceful solution of our troubles.
That is a very generic assertion, and 1 want to
know upon what basis ?
The Clli AIRM AN. The Chair does not think
this dis( ussion js in order.
Mr. IVJcCLERN AND. Docs he mean a peace-
ful solution by a recognition of the southern con-
Mr. BURNETT. 1 must be the judge of the
character of my answer. Will the Chairman
permit me to answer the gentleman?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will permit
the gentleman from Kentucky to answer any-
thing which the gentleman from Illinois has said
in support of his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, I will proceed. I say
I think 1 would best be subserving the interest of
what I believe to be the cause of my country, by
settling this question in a peaceful, and not in a
warlike mode. Hence 1 oppose this amendment;
and hence I oppose this section of the bill which
looks to an increase and enlargement of the Ecd-
eial Ai my; and, if 1 have time, the gentleman will
hear fiotu me, humble as J nm, before this ses-
sion closes, of the mode and manner in which 1,
as one of the Representatives on this floor, would
settle our disputes. 1 have no concealment. 1
intend to £jive a full, fair, and candid exposition
of what 1 believe to be the best interests of this
country, as connected with the action of this
1 louse, before this session closes, and then I will
answer the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Oy unanimous con-
sent) withdrew his amendment.
Mr. lHCKMAN. 1 go for the largest ox-
pen diture.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman offer
an nmendment?
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to increase the
amount of appropriation proposed in lines six-
teen and seventeen, by adding $10,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the committee has not yet reached that por-
tion of the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I move to increase
the appropriation contained in line fifteen,$20,000.
1 am in favor of the largest expenditure of money
necessary, because I am in favor of the employ-
ment of the largest number of troops necessary.
If it be asserted with any degree of authority by
the gentleman from Kentucky that five hundred
thousand men will not be able to subdue the re-
bellion in the southern disloyal States, then I am
for employing twice five hundred thousand men,
and the eighteen States of the North are in favor
of doing the same thing. We intend that the Con-
stitution and the Union shall be maintained; and
we intend that rebellion,come in whatshapeitmay,
and backed by what numbers it may be, shall not
be enabled to destroy either the one or the other.
I trust in God, that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky does not speak even the sentiment of his
own section, much less the sentiment of his State;
but whether he does or does not, permitme to say to
him here, very frankly, that it matters not to those
who are engaged in this work of preservation
whether ho does or not; for, no matter what their
opinion may be, this Government will be pre-
served, and the gallows will eventually perform
its office. [Immense applause in the galleries.]
The CHAIRMAN. By the rules of the House,
the Chairman of the Committee of the Whole is
invested with the same power as the Speaker in
relation to the preservation of order; and he now
gives notice that, if there shall be another viola-
tion of the rules of the House by the galleries, he
will order them to be cleared.
Mr. HICKMAN. We have met hero, being
entirely cognizant of the fact that certain gentle-
men have come into this Hall for the purpose of
paralyzing the arm of legitimate power: but we
have met here for the purpose of strengthening
that arm. We have met here for the purpose of
teaching those men that they cannot paralyze that
arm, or dimmish its power.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that no member has a right to call in ques-
tion the motives of any member upon this floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HICICMAN. Then I will not call in
question the motives of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, inasmuch as he seems to apprehend that
my remarks are directed especially to him; but
1 repeat here everything I have said, and I de-
clare my convictions now, as I did more than
two years since, that this Union will be^sustained;
that it is not in the power of armed rebellion,
cither in one State or in many States, to destroy
the Government under which we live, and which
gives its security to that gentleman as well as to
me. I vote, therefore, for the largest appropria-
tion of money and of men.
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Illinois
can accomplish the object for which he rises at
another time, while I cannot, and therefore I ap-
peal to him to yield me the floor at this particular
moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania who has just addressed the committee,
has dealt in a general sort of extravagant talk in
regard to the power and the purposes of the Gov-
ernment in relation to this unfortunate condition
of our country. And let me say to that gentle-
man, and to this House, that I point with pride
to the past history and loyalty to this Govern-
ment of the State which I have the honor to rep-
resent in part upon this floor; and as one of her
Representatives, let me say, once for all, that
howe\ermuch my individual opinions mightdifter
with Kentucky, 1 am a native of that State, and
Intrust a loyal son to her; and whatever position
Kentucky may take in this unfortunate condition
of our country, I intend to stand by that position.
I recognize my obligation of loyalty to my immc-
; diate State; and I am one of that class of politi-
i cians who recognize loyalty to the Slate as above
j their loyalty to the l-V-deml Government, and I
\ say so candidly and frankly.
| What else. I was not discussing the result of
1 this condition of things. I tell northern gentle-
men now, that I do not call in question either the
bravery or the gallantry of their men. I have seen
their services upon the battle-fields of the country.
I know their vast resources, and I know their
prowess as a section of the Confederacy. I-un-
