78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
IN SENATE.
friday, jul# 12, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Jtfumal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present the
petition of Daniel II. Whitney, of Belvidere, in
the State of Illinois, asking to have the pay of the
common soldier increased to twenty dollars in
money and ten dollars in clothing and rations per
month. I move that it he referred to-the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial of Edward
Jarvis and others, citizens of Massachusetts, in
which they ask that Congress will sanction the
volunteer sanitary commission recently estab-
lished by the Secretary of War, and also that they
will establish a board of military health, and pro-
vide for the appointment of sanitary officers in
sufficient numbers to accompany the divisions of
the Army, clothed with all the power in regard to
the health of the troops that is consistent with
proper discipline. This is a very elaborate paper,
"carefully drawn up by distinguished gentlemen
familiar with the subject. I shall therefore not
content myself by the simple reference of it to the
committee, but shall ask that it be printed for the
use of the Senate, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. I
hope there will be unanimous consent to the print-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Committee on Military A flairs
and the Militia. The question now is on print-
ing it.
Mr. HALE. That goes to the Committee on
Printing.
Air. SUMNER. Let there be unanimous con-
sent. *
Mr. BAKER. I hope that will be given.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am unwilling to have
the,precedent established of printing memorials;
but at the same time 1 do not mean to ho under-
stood that I would not printany memorials. There
may be peculiar papers, containing important de-
tails una facts ami material statements, that it
would be of ad van (age to us to have printed. Now
1 want to know what tiie character of tins is.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a memorial signed by
three distinguished gentlemen of science in Mas-
sachusetts, with reference to the health of our
tioops, full of facts and statistics, and written
with care and skill; and on that account J think
it is important that we should have the advantage
of it without delay.
Mi. GRIMES. 1 understand that it is the
business of the Committee on IVinting to investi-
gate this very subject, and see whether the public
interests will be promoted by the printing of any
document that may be referred to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print, goes to the Committee on Punting.
Mr. SUMNJCR. If there is any objection to
it, very well.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER'. I have another memorial,
which is in the following words:
To the Umted S!aici> Senate mul House of Representatives in
Congi cv.s* astcmhlcd •
The underpinned, a pouion of the lojal people of tlic
United States, tamentnur, in common w ith man> oilier, [
tiie muii'Mot)'* <-vd-< of civil war, re^prrtfullv pennon that J
you will take such immediate iin-a^nes Coi* the enm<> i«  1
nioval of tin: eatwol this war—heinmn our view, the eon- !
turned p'-unifMon ot slaveiy—as the u isdom and patuousm i
ot'voni hntiui'ahh.' b( di '< may devi&o. I
Tilt' Semite, sir, has already shown its dispo- 1
sition to limit Us notion «t this session to such
measures aB contribute directly to the prosecution I
of the war; ami in that policy, I most cordially
concur. Therefore, while presenting this memo-
rial, [ content myself with asking that it lie oil the
table, Well aware that in this short session and j
with the urgent measures before us, the proposi- :
tion in the memorial cannot be practically treated, ii
TheVlCEPRESIDENT. Themcmorialwill 'j
lie oil the table. [j
_ Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of ;|
citizens of Detroit, Michigan, praying that a pen- ii
sion may be granted to Clementine Pink, widow [J
of Captain Theodore Fink, who died ill the mil- ii
itary service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Fed-
eral Government to take personal property in the
disloyal States for public uses, and to forfeit the
same if the owners are found in open rebellion
against the Government.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
18) relative to the sanitary commission; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 19) to establish a national armory on Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, there are two
departments of the Governmentdeeply interested
in the fabrication of arms, each of them repre-
sented by a committee in this body—the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Committee on
Naval Affairs. In consequence of the overwhelm-
ing press of business that is thrown upon the
Committee on Military Affairs, I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so referred
if there be no objection.
Mr. SAULSIjCJUY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. No. 4) proposing certain
amendments to the Constitution Of the United
States, with a view to the peaceable adjustment
of our national difficulties; which was read twice
by its till?.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask now that it be put
upon the Calendar, and be punted.
The VICEPRES1 DENT. The Senator moves
that the joint resolution be placed on the Calen-
dar, and be printed.
Mr. SITMNER. It had better be referred to a
committee.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. SAIJLSBURY. Letus have the veasand
nays.
Air. COLLAMER. Is it not proposed to
refer it ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir; I want it put on
the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. What is? the motion ?
Mr, SA.ULSBURY. The motion is, that the
joint resolution be placed on the Calendar, and be
printed.
Mr. 1IALE. I thought the motion was to
refer.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No; I did not make that
motion.
Mr. HALE. I thoughtthcSenator from Mas-
sachusetts did.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
ordering; the resolution to be printed, and placing
it on the Calendar.
Mr. HALE. It was on the question to refer
to a committee that I asked for a division. A
motion was made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to refer it to a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. I made no such motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on placing the joint resolution
on the Calendar.
Mr. BRIGHT. On that the Senator from Del-
aware asks for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is no objection, I
suppose, on the other side.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Arc the yeas and
nays demanded ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion to order the joint resolution to be
printed and placed on the Calendar, and there
were, on a division—ayes 16, noes 2; no quorum
voting-. |
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is manifestly a ■
quorum here. There is a misunderstanding about
the question. There is no objection to its going
on the Calendar and being printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will explain to Sena-
tor oil the other side. I made the motion that it
be simply read a first and second time, with a
view of going on the Calendar and being printed.
That was my motion, and all my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody objects to that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the call for a
division withdrawn?
Several Senators. Yes.
The joint resolution was ordered to be placed
on the Calendar, and printed..
SPIRITUODI LIQUORS TO THE TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, instiucted to mqune andrepoit to the
Senate what legislation, if any, Is neecssauly properly to
lestriot the sale ot spirituous liquors in the District of Co-
lumbia daring the existence of troop3 -in said District.
ARMY CONTRACTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer <*r resolution of in-
quiry, which, if there be no objection, I desire to
have considered at this time:
Resolvedy That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate whether any contracts oi puichases have
foren made, by him or undoi his authority, foi oi on account
of the Army or foices in the service ot the United States,
except through its regular officers of the Commissary and
Q.U(U termiHtei';- departments, or without advertisement,
since the 4th day of March last; and if *-o, to lay before the
Senate a full statement of all such contracts or put chases
either made dneetly by himself or under his authority and
sanction, including all contracts loi supplies and tian&pur-
tation by land or watei, by whom and with whom made ;
and also whether any contacts oi purchases have been
made tor or on account ot the forces m the set vice of the
Qniiod States without the authority ufthe War Department;
and if so, by and with whom, with such a particular state-
ment in each case as shall enable the Senate to see the
comparative cost in each case, in icierencu to foimer pur-
chases of the same kind.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NAVY JtATTON.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 9) to
alter and regulate the Navy ration, have instructed
me t(r report the same back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, with two amendments, which
the Secretary will read; and 1 am instructed fur-
ther by the Committee to ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill now.
There being- no objection, the bill (S. No. 9) to
alter and regulate the Navy ration, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the Navy iation shall be computed at thirty
cents, and its component parts apportioned ac-
cordingly, and shall consist of the following daily
allowance of provisions to each person: One
pound of salt pork, with half a pint of beans or
peas; or one pound of salt beef, with half a pound
of (lour, and two ounces of dried apples, or other
diiod fruit; or three quarters of a pound of pre-
served meat,with half a pound of rice, two ounces
of butter, and one ounce of desiccated "mixed
vegetables;'5 or three quarters of a pound of pre-
served meat, two ounces of butter^and tsvo ounces
of desiccated potato; togetherwith fourteen ounces
of biscuit, one quarter of an ounce of tea, or one
ounce of coffee, or cocoa, two ounces of sugar,
and a gill of spirits; and a weekly allowance of
half a pound of pickles, half a pint of molasses,
and half a pint of vinegar.
It is further provided that fresh or preserved
meat may be substituted for salt beef or pork, and
veg< tables for the other articles usually issued
with the §alted meats; allowing one and a quarter
pound of fresh, or three quarters of a pound of
preserved meat, for one pound of salted beef or
pork; and regulating the quantity of vegetables
so as to equal the value of the articles for which
they may be substituted. In case it should bo
necessary to vary the daily allowance, one pound
of soft bread, or one pound of flour, or half a
pound of rice, may be substituted for fourteen
ounces of biscuit; half a pint of wine for a gill of
spirits; half a pound of rice for half a pint of
beans or peas; half a pint of beans or peas for
half a pound of rice. In case of necessity, the
daily allowance of provisions may be diminished
or varied by the discretion of the senior officer
present in command; but payment is to be made
to the persons whose allowance shall be thus di-
minished , according to the scale of prices which
