1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may be established. No commissioned or war-
rant officer, or any person under twenty-one years
of ago, is to be allowed to draw the spirit part of
the daily ration; and all other persons may re-
linquish that part of their rations under such re-
striction as the President of the United States
may authorize; and the spirit portion of the daily
ration may be suspended or stopped by the com-
manding-officer, whenever, in his opinion, it shall
be expedient, for cause of drunkenness; and to
any person who is prohibited fiom drawing, or
who may relinquish the spirit paft of his ration,
there shall be paid, in lieu of it, four cents per day.
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee was, in section one, lilies three and four, to
strikeout "shall be computed at thirty cents,
and its component parts apportioned accordingly,
and;" so that the clause would read'4 that the
navy ration shall consist of the following daily
allowance of provisions to each person," &c.
The amendment was agreed to?
The next amendment of the committee is to
strike out the sixth section, in the followingwords:
Skc. G. Jlndhc it fuither enacted., That the Seetetary ot
T!ie Navy be authorized to piocure the pieservcd moats,
pickJcs, and d^ieoaipsl vegetables, in such manner,
ami under ^ueii le&tuctions and giiaianices, as in bi< opin-
ion will best insuie the good quality of said aittcies."
Mr. HALE. Right here, upon that amend-
ment, I will make a brief explanation, not only
of the amendment, but of the whole bill. The ob-
ject of the bill is to improve the Navy lation and
substitute for salt meat the use of preserved meats,
which are preserved in air-tight cans, and desic-
cated vegetables, which 13 thought to be for the
comfort and health of the sailor, leaving the price
of the rut 1011 and everything else just as it is now.
It has been prepared with reference to the comfoit
and health of the sailor. The section which is
now proposed to be stricken out authorized the
Secretary of the Navy to pi ocure these preserved
meats, butter, and desiccated vegetables, where he
could and at such puces as he pleased. The
Committee on Naval Affairs thought it was vest-
ing too wide a discretion m the Secretary, and
that it would be well to require him to purchase
these preserved meats and desiccated vegetables
as he does everything else, under the general law;
and therefore ri'eommended the striking out of
this section. That is the whole case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engiossed foi a thiul reading;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
PAYMASTERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred Senate bill No. 13, have had the
same under consideration, and instructed me to
report it back to the Senate, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, with amendments. I ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 13) toinciease the number of pay-
masters in the Navy, and to provide for the ap-
pointment of assistant paymasters.
The bill was read, it proposes to authorize
the appointment of six paymasters in the Navy
of the United States in addition to the number
now allowed by law. It also proposes to estab-
lish the grade of assistant paymaster in the Navy,
and to authorize the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint as-
sistant paymaster from time to time, as they shall
be needed for active service in the Navy, not
exceeding thirty in number. Every person who
shall be appointed assistant paymaster shall, at
the time of his appointment, be not less than
twenty-one years of age, nor more than twenty-
six;and previous to his appomtmenthis physical,
mental, and moral qualifications are to be inquired
into and favorably reported upon by a board of
paymasters appointed for that purpose by the
Secretary of the Navy, and under such regula-
tions as he may prescribe.
The annual pay of assistant paymasters is to
be as follows, viz: On duty at sea, for the first
five years after date of commission, $1,300; after
five years from date of commission, $1,500. On
other duty, for the first five years after date of
commission, $1,000; after live years from date of
commission, §1,200. On leave of absence or wait-
1 ing orders, for the first five years after date of
! commission, $800; after five years from date of
commission, £1,000; and when attached to vessels
for sea-service, each assistant paymaster shall be
entitled to one ration per day.
Hereafter no commanding officer of any vessel
in the Navy is to be required to perform the du-
ties of paymaster or assistant paymaster; and
when such office becomes vacant, by death or
otherwise, in ships at sea or on foreign stations,
or on the Pacific coast of the United States, the
senior officer present may make an acting appoint-
ment of any fit person to perform the duties until
another paymaster or assistant paymaster shall
report for duty. Each assistant paymaster, upon
his appointment, is to enter into bonds in the
amount of £10,000, with at least two good and
sufficient secui 1 tics, for the faithful performance
of his duties; and assistant paymasters are to htfve
rank and precedence with assistant surgeons not
passed; and all appointments to fill vacancies in
the corps of paymasters are to be made by regu-
lar promotion from the list of assistant paymas-
te rs.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out the first section after the enacting clause,
in the following words:
'•That the appointment of six paymasters in the Navy of
the United States beauthonzed m addition to the number
now allowed by law."
Mr. FOSTER. That is a pretty important bill,
and I think it had better lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. Let me explain the bill. If ob-
jection is made to it, of course. I eannot.
Mr. CLARK. That does not carry it over
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asked
unanimous consent for its consideration, and the
Chair heard no objection. The bill was directed
to be read to the Senate, and it is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I will make a statement of what
the bill is, and then if the Senator from Connecti-
cut wants it to be over, I shaH have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require a
motion to postpone it now.
Mr. HALE/Tf the Senate will give me their
ear for a few minutes, I will explain the bill, and
then if gentlemen insist upon postponing it, I
shall make no objection; but as the law now is,
the Secretary of the Navy is em powered to appoint
sixty-four pursers, or paymasters, as they arc
called. This bill proposed to raise the number to
seventy; butthc committee move to strike out that
increase and leave the number as it nowis. The
bill, however, proposes to create an additional
corps of thirty-six assistant paymasters, who shall
be appointed fiom ages not less than twenty-one
nor more than twenty-six. That is the substance
of the bill.
The necessity for additional paymasteis has
been felt by the Department for a great many
years, and they have been constantly asking Con-
giess for it, but Congress has refused. In the
present state of things, the necessity has been
found to be so urgent that they have actually
been compelled to appoint acting paymasters
without any authority of law. Under the law,
as it has existed for years back, the necessities
of the service have been found such that they
have had to devolve the duty of pursers, or pay-
masters, on the commanders themselves; and
since I have been a member of this Congress, I
have actually seen a payment made by the cap-
tain and then approved by the same individual
as purser, so that the captain has paid out the
money as captain and approved the payment as
purser. But the necessity of the seivice now is
absolute; and instead of increasing the actual
pursers, we propose to take assistant pursers,
and provide that the corps shall be filled up from
them. Then there is an additional section re-
ported by the committee, that aftei the suppres-
sion of the present insurrection this corps shall
be reduced down to seventy-five. /
That is the whole bill, and I hdpe the_ Senator
from Connecticut will not insist upon his objec-
tion. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section two, line
seven, after the word " thirty,'5 to insert u six;"
so as to make it read:
The President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint assistant i
paymasters from time to time, as they shall be needed for
active service in the Navy, not exceeding thirty-six, iti
number.
The amendment was agreed to.,
The next amendment was to strike out theLse-v~
enth section, in the following words:
Sec . 7. *&nd beit farther enacted, That in vessels with the
complement of one hundred and over, a clerk to the assist-
ant paymaster shall be allowed, whose annual pav shall be
#550 : Provided, That the annual pay of the clerk to pay-
master shall hereafter be $530 in vessels of less than three
hundred complement; and in vessels having the comple-
ment of three hundred mid over, it shall be $700.
Mr. HALE. The amendment is to strike out
that section entirely, and leave the law.on that
subject as it now is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add, as a new sec-
tion :
he it further enacted, That within six months after
the oxpiratioa ot thepr<*$cntinsuriectinn,the corp^of pay-
mas.tei.-> and assistant paymasters shall be rcduced to the
number of seventy-live in the whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed; and the amendments wer^ concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was amended, so as to read,
"An act.to provide for the appointment of assist-
ant paymasters in the Navy."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following®biUs, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 18) making additional appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862,and appropriations of
arrearages for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1861;and *
A bill (No. 19) making additional appropria-
tions for the naval service for the ending June 30,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the year
ending Juno 30, 1861.
The message farther announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 15) to provide for the pay-
ment of the militia and volunteers called into the
service of the United States from the time they
were called into the service to the 30th day of June,
1861.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution directing the return to the
Senate of the bill (S. No. 1) to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property, in pursuance
of its lequest.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 15) to
provide for the payment of the militia and vol-
unteers called into the service of the United States
from the time they were called into service to the
30th day of June, 1861; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affaiis, to whom was referred the
joint, resolution (S. No. 3) in relation to the Naval
Academy, to report it back to the Senate, with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed;
and T ask for the consideration of that report now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 concurring in the report of the committee that
this joint resolution be indefinitely postponed.
The report was concurred in. •
APPOINTMENT OF MESSENGERS.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution;
and if there be no objection, I ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate of March 16,
1860, in relation to the appointment of Senate messengers,
be, and the same is hereby, lepealed.
I will state to the Senate the character of that
resolution. It is in these words:
" Resolved, That any vacancies now existing, or which
shall heteaftcr ocrur, in the places of mes&engers of the
Senate, by death, lesignation, removal, or otherwise, such
vacancy so existing or occurring shall not be filled by the
appointment of other messengers until it is so ordered by
the Senate."
There have been some vacancies created here;
