THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF~CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, J). 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1861.
New Series No. £.
is certainly a question of faith in relation to the
acceptance of the service, pursue uniformly the
practice on which we set out, of organizing this
volunteer force upon the terms and conditions
declared in the proclamation, and then there will
be rro mistake or misunderstandingaboutit. The
chaplain is the only officer as to whom an excep-
tion has been made. 1 am decidcdly in favor of
the reconsideration, although the amount to be
allowed is perhaps more than I would otherwise
consent to allow.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As I understand it,
the provision in the bill at present is, that the
chaplains of volunteers shall receive the same
compensation as chaplains of the regular Army.
It is proposed to amend it by giving them the
compensation and allowances of a captain of
cavalry.
Mr. WILSON". The bill, as originally reported
by the committee, followed the proclamation of
the President, and fixed the pay and allowances
of a captain of cavalry as the compensation for a
chaplain. On the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota, I think, without much reflection—at
any rate 1 did not consider it much myself—the
Senate changed it, and determined to give these
chaplains the same compensation as those in the
regular service. What is now proposed is to re-
consider that vote, and restore the bill to the shape
in which it was originally reported, allowing them
the compensation of a captain of cavalry; and the
reason given is mainly and chiefly that, in calling
out these men, this was the compensation fixed
in the proclamation.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is as I supposed.
My only object in using was to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
what* becomes of the chaplains of the regular
Army, and whether any discrimination is to be
made between them and the chaplains of volun-
teers ?
Mr. WILSON. In the regular Army, I un-
derstand the compensation to be about eleven
hundred and fifty dollars a year.. This will be
three or four hundred dollars more.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There is that differ-
ence, then, between the two classes of chaplains?
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 25, noes 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question again
recurs on adopting the amendment; and if it be
rejected, the bill will be left, in this respect, as it
was reported by the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
the chaplains belonging to the regular service and
those of the volunteer corps ought not to be put
on the same footing; and whether an amendment
of that kind ought not to be made?
Mr. WILSON. I think not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have not considered
the matter, but it htnkes me that there should bo
no discrimination.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to
ask the Senator from Massachusetts how much
the pay of those chaplains will amount to? Will
it not besomething like eighteen hundred dollars
a year? Can he inform me what the aggregate
sum will be ?
Mr. WILSON. I think the pay in the regular
Army is about eleven hundred and fifty dollars.
It is hot proposed to change that. This applies
only to the volunteers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But I under-
stand this runs it up to about eighteen hundred
dollars a year.
Mr. WILSON. I do not. know precisely the
sum, but it is the pay and allowances of a cap-
tain of cavalry. I have not gone into the calcu-
lation.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. Will it not
amount to something like £>900,000 for the whole
number of regiments?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know; but I should
think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike very much, on a
matter of this kind,to interpose; but I look upon
6
this war rather in a financial than a physical pomt
of view. In a physical point of view, I believe
it will be soon determined. As a financial one,
if we waste our treasure it will not be determined.
It is proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
to pay at the rate of $900,000 a year for chaplains
to these volunteers. There are five hundred regi-
ments providedfor by thisbill—five hundred thou-
sand men. Five hundred chaplains, at $1,800
a year, certainly approximates an aggregate of
$900,000._
I think it is an absurd proposition. If this money
is to be given to clergymen, let us divide it among
the clergymen of the country, and not give it
merely to those who may be chaplains of regi-
ments. I think, at any rate, that a chaplain to a
regiment is out of place. I would not vote for a
chaplain to a regiment. I think if they were left
at home to carry on their duties, it would be much
better for them. At any rate, there are enough
who would be very glad to perform the duties for
the pay of an Army chaplain. On the simple
score of economy, therefore, I shall vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 have no idea, sir, that
there will be five hundred regiments called into
the field; and I have no idea that $900,000 a year
will be required to pay the salaries of those chap-
lains. But, sir, if there should be this numberof
regiments, and this number of men, and this
amount of money required to the extent of
£900,000, I am willing to vote it, although it may
go into the pockets of clergymen. These men,
upon the call of their country, have left their par-
ishes and their churches, and they had a right to
understand, as they were taught, that the "laborer
is worthy of his hire;" and they had a right to
suppose, and so understood, that their pay would
be in accordance with what ithad been heretofore
in the Army. If the chaplains are to cost eight
or nine hundred thousand dollars a year, I do not
know what the cost of the regular Army is to be:
it will run beyond all limit. But let it go to any
extent necessary, I am ready to pledge all the
means within the power of the people of the State
that I have the honor in part to represent, to dis-
charge this duty to the chaplain as well as to the
common soldier. We are ready, sir, to go to the
extent of all that we have, and all that we are,
whether it be to maintain aims in the hands of
our soldiers, or the Gospel in the hands of our
chaplains; whether it bo to pay those men who
wield the sword, whether of sreel or of the spirit—
those who fight our battles or visit our camps
and endeavor to restrain them from license, and
call the attention of the troops to other duties than
simply those of arms. We are ready and willing
to pay those men who gladly seek and stand by
the dying soldier who falls a victim to his coun-
try's quarrel, and soothes his spirit in the final
hour. I think, sir, we ought not to regard the
expense in this aggravated point of view. I have
no idea that the amount will run up to the enorm-
ous sum that the Senator from Ohio thinks; but
if it does, there must be a corresponding amount
to defray the expenses of the Army, and that
must be untold millions. Sir, the expense will
be corresponding. I hope the bill, as reported,
will pass.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I suppose
the Army depends almost as much upon the
moral condition of the soldiers as upon their phys-
ical condition and training; and for one, I do not
hesitate to say that, in my opinion, whatever the
amount may be that is paid to chaplains of the
Army, there will be a larger corresponding
amount of service rendered and benefit derived
from them than from any other given number of
men receiving an equal amount of pay. I do
think, sir, that the chaplains in the Army are
among the most valuable of those who give their
services to their country, m this time of its peiil
and danger;and I should be exceedingly reluctant
to see a refusal on the part of Congress to make to
them an allowance, not adequate to the services
that they render—not at all adequate, I think, to I
the services that they render their country—but
to some extent approximating a compensation.
There is a very manifest reasoo why,liven if the
compensation that is proposed to the chaplains in
the volunteer service does exceed that paid to the
chaplains in the regular Army, it should be so.
The chaplains in the volunteer service surrender
eligible and desirable situations at home to go
temporarily into the public service, and not per-
manently; whilst those who are in the regular
Army are there permanently. They are ap-
pointed for life, receiving their pay continually
year after year, and upon which they may rely
during the whole period of their lives; but in the
volunteer service, they may be disbanded in one
year's time. The war we trust will be brought
to a happy conclusion before the expiration of
the three years for which they have tendered or
will tender their services to the country, and then
th# are thrown out of employment; they are
thrown back into the community to begin again
the struggle of life for the subsistence of them-
selves and their families.*" If the chaplains are
possessed of such qualifications as chaplains
ought to have, I do not hesitate to repeat as my
opinion, that they will render a greater propor-
tion of efiicientservice, do thG country more good,
than any other equal number of men that there
will be in the scrvice, either of officers or soldiers,
and I am decidcdly m favor of the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. I think, sir, we ought not to
hesitate to pay them, and pay them liberally. If
they are fitted for the positions which they fill,
they contribute more than all others united to the
preservation of the moral condition of the Army,
which is as necessary to the efficiency of the
Army as its physical condition can be.
Mr. HOWE. This discussion was inaugurated
by some objections that I started myself. I had
got over my objections in consideration of what
was said by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, seconded by the Senator from
Vermont, to the effect that the faith of the nation
was pledged to this rate of compensation contem-
plated by the amendment offered by the chairman
of the Committee on- Military Affairs——
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me one moment?
I meant to be understood that I considered it so
in relation to those who have already come in.
Hereafter you may make the pay as you please;
but as to those to whom the proposition was
made, who have accepted it, and who are actually
doing the duty, the faith of the nation is pledged
that they shall receive a certain amount of pay.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am not going to advocate the
forfeitureof any part of the faith which the coun-
try has pledged to any class of persons engaged
in this conflict; but 1 arose for the purpose of
saying, in justice to myself, that I am nut here to
underrate the value of the services rendered, or
which ought to be rendered, by this class of offi-
cers. I think I have as high an estimation of it
as the Senator from Illinois, or any other Senator
upon this floor; but 1 think the Senator from Illi-
nois, and every other Senator, will admit that the
services to be rendered by the chaplains appointed
for these volunteer regiments are not more im-
portant than those rendered by the chaplains in
the regular service; and so far as the value of the
services are concerned, the rate of compensation
should be no higher.
Now, sir, there is something in the argument
urged here, that these .chaplains are taken from
parishes, taken from employments where they
surrendeied salaries for a temporary service, and
that when this temporary service is concluded,
they will be thrown back again to look for par-
ishes. I presented the same argument yesterday
to the Senate, when I asked that the compensation
of your assistant surgeons—a laborious class of
servitors in this contest, if it is to be a severe con-
test—should be raised from $..>3 33 a month. If
they are fi t for the places to winch they are assigned,
they are taken from a practice which they may
have spent years to secure. They are employed
for a short time, and under the bill as it now
