1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it to follow the precedents; and with that view,
I move that it be referred to the Committee to
Audit and. Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution being put in the form of a joint
resolution, the Journal entry is as follows:
" Mr. Browning asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 5) to
pay to the widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas the
amount due to him as a Senator at the time of Ins death;
which was read twice by its title, and refened to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate."
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That a railway from the terminus of railway
communication west of the Mississippi to the Pacific coast,
is at the present time demanded as a military work; and
also from political considerations growing out of our pres-
ent disturbances.
I submit the resolution now, and ask that it
may be laid on the table until to-morrow, when
I shall call it up, and move its reference to a
special committee.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (No. ]8) making additional appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, and appropriations
of arrearages for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1861; and
A bill (No. 19) making additional appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and appropriations of arrearages
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861.
COLLECTION OP DUTIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up th^
bill (PI. R.No. 16) further to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses. It will not occupy much of the time of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Acting Secretary proceeded to read the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no de-
sire to have the bill reread, the Chair, understand-
ing that it has already been read, will direct the
further reading to be dispensed with.
Mr. HALE. I have no such desire; but I
want to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, who has this bill under
consideration, to the sixth section, which is as
follows:
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That from and after
fifteen days after the issuing of the said proclamation, as
provided m the last foregoing section of this bill, any ship
or vessel belonging in whole or in part to any citizen oi
inhabitant of said State or pait of a State whose inhabit-
ants "are so declared in a state of insurrection, found at
sua, or in any port of the rest of the United States, shall
be forfeited to the United States.
Now, as I read that section, if any portion of
a vessel belongs to any citizen of such a State,
no matter how loyal he may be, though he may
be as sound on all these questions as the Senator
from Michigan himself—and that is giving very
high praise—yet the fact that he has an interest
in that vessel in the port of Boston, New York,
or anywhere else, subjects the whole vessel to
confiscation. 1 should like to have that section
amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. Another section gives the
Secretary of the Treasury full discretion with re-
gard to these fines and penalties. He has the
power to remit them in case the owner of a vessel
should be a loyal citizen, and he would undoubt-
edly do so.
Mr. HALE. I did not see that; but if it is so,
I think it is an unsound and unsafe principle of
legislation to confiscate a man's vessel,and then,
when he presents the case, to say that it may be
released by the Secretary. It is so in regard to
every forfeiture; the Secretary has that power.
The section to which the Senator from Michigan
refers, I suppose, is this:
Sec. 8. Jhul be it further enacted, That the forfeitures
and penalties incurred by vntue of this act may be mit- ;
igated or remitted iri pursuance of the authority vested in j
the Sec/etary of the Treasury by the act entitled " An act I
providing for mitigating or remitting the forfeitures, pen-
alties, and disabilities aeoiuhig in certain rases therein
mentioned," appioved March 3, 1797, or m cases where
special cucum&tances may seem to require it, according
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
But, sir, it condemns every vessel of the kind
indicated, no matterwhere it isfound. After you
have deprived and divested a loyal citizen of his
property, and confiscated it, it is no remedy to tell
him that you turn him over to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who may remit the penalty if lie
sees proper. That is the way it strikes me.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator proposes
an amendment, I shall be very happy to hear it;
but I think the bill is right.
Mr. HALE. I merely wanted to call theatten-
tion of the distinguished. Senator to this point.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is true, it might be a
hard measure under some circumstances; but the
Senator has read the clause giving the Secretary
of the Treasury power to remit any penalties and
fines imposed under the bill, and I think it is as
well as it stands.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to be pertinacious,
and I yield with great pleasure to the Senator
from Michigan. Is it a safe and sound principle
of legislation to condemn a man without cause,
and then give him no remedy in the courts, no
remedy in law, but turn him over to the discre-
tion of the Secretary, under an act sixty or sev-
enty years old? That is the question. This is
a Government of laws, and it should be so; and
property should be holden by the tenure of law,
and not upon the will and pleasure of any officer
of the Government-. It strikes me that the bill is
fatally defective in this respect.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am inclined to the opin-
ion that if the whole bill be read through, and
this section be read in the relationship which it
sustains to the rest of the bill, it will hardly be
regarded as obnoxious to the objection which the
Senator from New Hampshire starts to it by
itself.
This bill is drawn with various provisions in-
tended to provide for executing the laws, and es-
pecially for collecting the revenue, in various
different aspects of public violence. The first
part of the bill provides that, if the revenue can-
not be collected at a port of entry, in any district,
in consequence of public violence, the President
may remove the port of entry to a port of deliv-
ery in the same district. The next provision is,
that if he cannot collect the revenue in conse-
quence of public violence by doing this, then and
in that case, he shall be at liberty to remove the
custom-house to a public vessel—there comes the
force bill which is ingrafted on it. It then fur-
ther provides that, if he cannot collcct the reve-
nue in either of these modes, by removing the port
of entry to a port of delivery, or by establishing
the custom-house on board a vessel; if the degree
of violence is so great that he cannot do either of
these things, then he may discontinue the ports
of entry in that district altogether, and thereupon
foreign ships, or any ships containing property
that is subject to duty, shall not enter.
But there is a higher older of violence, which
may, and occasionally does arise. When an in-
surrection exists, it may be of such a character
and kind (although the war which grows out of
and connected with it is, by the laws of nations in
modern times, as holden by all writers, to be con-
ducted according to the usages of civilized war)
that the Executive could never use against it those
powers which are incident to a condition of war,
unless you give it locality. Suppose there wasa
war of factions all over this whole land; that po-
litical parties were not merely divided, but were
in hostile array: under sjuch circumstances there
could not be a blockade; it would not be adapted
to the case; the usual means of prosecutingorde-
fending against a war could not be applied But
if the insurrection be of a local kind, the means
which are ordinarily used under the laws of war
for carrying on a war can be made to apply toit;
but you must first give it locality. The truth is—
and the whole history of the world shows it—that
it is utterly impracticable ever to put down a local
insurrection by any sort of withholding intercourse
incident to war, unless you withhold all inter-
course from that section of country. You cannot
carry supplies to a people and not carry supplies
to the insurgents whom they maintain. It is im-
practicable. The degree of violence may be of
such a character, and the insurrection may take
such a form, that it may become necessary to usfe
the means which are applicable to that mode of
war; but the great difficulty that arises in the^
mind is, to ascertain under what circumstanced
we may declare it to be local in its character. If
would not do to say that when Shay's rebellion
existed in Massachusetts, Massachusetts was
in astate of insurrection. If the Senator will take1
the section preceding the one to which he has re-
ferred, he will find that it goes on to provide that
if the President, under the act of 1795, shall call
out the militia to suppress an insurrection, and
the insurgents do not disperse by the time the
President directs, then if those insurgents claim
to act under the authority of a State, and the State
authorities do not disclaim it, and do not suppress
it, the President may declare that the inhabitants
and people of that State are in a state of insur-
rection, or the inhabitants of any section of that
State; and " thereupon," that is, upon the issuing
of that proclamation, all intercourse between that
section or State so declaied to be in insurrection,
and the remainder of the United States, shall
cease. That is a condition of war—local war; and
in that case all goods, wares, and merchandise of
every kind, going toit or coming from it, together
with the vessels or vehicles by which they are con-
veyed, shall all be forfeited to the United States.
If we undertake to accept this means of stopping
intercourse and exercising the powers incident to
a state of war when it has locality assigned to it,
can we do it and yet let these people go where they
please with their ships and vessels ? Can we allow
them to go where they choose on the high seas;
hold intercourse with the rest of the world; get
supplies of powder, and everything else that they
want? Certainly not; it defeats the whole pur-
pose utterly. There is a further provision, that
after the proclamation of the President declaring
this condition of things, declaring that all inter-
course shall cease, if any of their vessels are found
on the high seas or in our ports, after having had
fifteen days' notice, they shall be subject to cap-
ture. Whynot? Canwesay,<(youshallnotcarry
by railroads whole trains of powder into South
Carolina to sell to the people, and they to sell to
the insurgents, but you may go abroad with your
ships on the high seas?" The provision which
the gentleman has read is nothing more, nothing-
less, than a carrying out of the previous provision
to which I have referred. It is simply carrying
it out in relation to the high seas, or where their
ships are in our ports and remain in them after
due notice of fifteen days. Within that time they
may go where they please with their ships; but
if they will come to our ports, and will undertake
to hold intercourse with us, and will go abroad,
then, most clearly, if we are going to carry out
our condition of war, we must stop those ships
abroad, and stop the intercourse at home. There
is no other way to carry it through. That is the
explanation of the provision to which attention
lias been called. It is part and parcel of the sys-
tem which the previous section points out.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to be factious about
this matter. I think the section goes a great deal
further than the Senator from Vermont intimates.
I agree with-everything he says; but let me take
an instance: hero is a line of steamers running
from Fall river, in Massachusetts, to the city of
New York, in New York, owned by a company,
and in shares. Under the provisions of this bill,
if one of the most loyal citizens in Virginia or
Tennessee, or any of the seceded States, owns
a share in these vessels, they are confiscated ab-
solutely, entirely, and totally. I think tha^t the
bill ought to be so framed as to guard against
anythingof that sort; because it goes a great deal
further than the premises laid down by the Sen-
ator from Vermont. If provides:
"That from and after fifteen days after the issuing of the
said proclamation, as provided in the lastforegoing section
of this bill, any ship or vessel belonging in whole or iu part
to any citizen or inhabitant of «aid State, or part of a
State, whose inhabitants are so declaied in a state of in-
surrection, found at sea, or in any port ot the rest of the
United States, shall be forfeited to the United States."
The commercial relations of this country have
been so extended that there are probably a great
many lines of vessels in which shares are owned
in some of the seceded States. This bill confis-
cates the whole property in every line of steamers
or sailing vessels of any sort, where the minutest
share is owned by acitizcn of one of thoseStates.
