84
v—
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
If the Senate understand that, and think that is
necessary to maintain the Union, I shall not op-
pose it; but I shall have discharged my duty when
1 bring it to the consideration of the Senate, and
express the purpose, which I certainly must en-
tertain with my present conviction, of voting
against the bill if that provision is contained in it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman seems to
me to be just in the position of a man who, hav-
ing once taken a position, finds it difficult ever to
see that it ought to be abandoned. When we un-
dertake to stop intercourse with a rebellious peo-
ple, most clearly it must be stopped entirely; but
it is very obvious that we cannot distinguish be-
tween men who are loyal and men who are not
loyal in the same State. That cannot be done if
we moan to stop the intercourse. But every pre-
caution was taken m the bill, as the gentleman
will find by examination, that could practically
be effected.
Although it is provided in this bill that inter-
course shall cease between the proclaimed sections
and the rest of the country, yet, after all, in mod-
ern international law it is holden that the power
to make war is a power that may modify that war.
By the international law, all the inhabitants of
the two belligerent parties become personally the
enemies of each other, and all intercourse between
them becomes illegal. Wow, this being part of
the country, it needed a law to make thatso here;
and in thai the gentleman says he agrees with me.
But there may be parts of a State that are loyal
to this country; then? may be particular sections
that are so; there may be particular branches of
tiade which it may be advisable to continue, and
it may be advisable to continue them by partic-
ular people; and then-fore the bill provides that,
though intcnMtur.se shall cease, and the vessels
and propel ty owned in the rebellious States be
confiscated, yet, after all, the President may issue
a license to .sue li persons and to such j mi ts of that
countt y, and in Mich articles as he, in his discre-
tion, ahall consider proper, that intercourse may
be c^iried on under rules and regulations nre-
Rrithed by the Secretary of the Treasury. As 1
before remarked, we cannot make provision for
having their ships seized and confiscated unless
you declare it so. There would be no use of de-
claring a stoppage of intercourse with them if
they could carry it on with their ships where they
pleased. Hence, a piovision was made for ar-
resting then ships in due tune a lit rthe proclanm-
^ tion. It, is true, there may be a ease where some
loyal men have a ship, or it may turn out that the
ship itself was only employed in the inteieourse
between other luubors of the United States, and
not with that patt of the country, or that but a
small share of tt is owned there. It is apparent
that all this must, be left to the Secretary of the
Treasury, as seizures under our revenue laws
now are, and it is left so with a view of making
provision tor these things. We cannot provide
for particulars in all respects in a bill. The only
practicable methodm such cases is to leave some-
body with power to provide for them, and that is
done in this bill. In short, sir, I do not see how
it can be mad'1 any belter.
Mr, HALF,. 1 want, to ask the Senator from
Vermont, as he has looked at the subject, if it
would be practicable to provide for the confisca-
tion of the interest of the owners only, without
confiscating the whole joint property?
Mr. COLL AM ICR. The question is new to
me. 1 think u nu ht be.
Mr. HALK. It seems to me if it could, that
would be the wiser course.
Mr. COLLA.MICR. Th at never was suggested
to me; but 1 will say to the gentleman that there
is no practical diiliculty m the ease.
Mr. IIAL13. There may not be.
Mr, COLLAMKR. There is none at all, be-
cause there is a piovision now in the bill leaving
a discretion for all these very cases, which wc
may imagine or suppose, in the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire to offer an amendment in
regard to the sixth section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bingham
in the chair.) He has oiFered no amendment at
all. The Chair is informed by the Secretary that
a slight amendment is necessary in the third lme
of the sixth section. The word " bill" should be
" act;5' and, if there be no objection, it will be so
modified.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, if it is in
order, I wish to make a motion to refer this bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I am not
opposed to the purposes of the bill at all, and I
am not prepared to say that its provisions are not
constitutional. I never saw it until this morning.
Perhaps the Senator from Vermont—I was too far
off to hear him distinctly before—will explain the
fifth section of the bill to my satisfaction. That
section reads:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever the
President, in pursuance of the provisions of the second
section ot tiie act entitled "An act to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,suppre&3
insurrections, and repel invasions, and to tepeal the act
now in force tor that purpose," approved February 28,1795,
shall have called forth the militia to suppiest* eoml>in;iiioiib
againtt the laws of the United States, and tooau«.e the laws
to be duly execun-d, and the insurgents shall have failed to
disperse by the time duected by the President, and when
said insurgents claim to act under the anthoi ity of any 3 tare
or States, and such claim is not disclaimed or lepudiated
by the persons cxeiei^ing the iunctions of government in
such State or Suites, or in the part or pan- thereofln which
said combination exi-t«J, nor t-uch iiwui lection suppressed
by said State oi State*, then, and in Mich case, it may and
shall be lawuil tbi the Pie-blent, by pioclamntion, to de-
clare that tho inhabitants of micIi State, oi any section or
pait thereof, where such insurrection exists, are m a state
of insuiiection against the United States; and thereupon
all commercial inteieonrse by and Ix'twcen the same, and
the citizens thereof, and the citizens of the rest of the Uni-
ted States, sluil cease and be nnlawlnl so long as such
condition of hostility sshall continue, &c.
1 have not had an opportunity of investigating
the matter, but the doubt I have is, whether you
can, consistently with theConstitution of the uni-
ted Slates', prohibit commerce between the loyal
citizens of this country, although those loyal cit-
izens may live in a community governed by per-
sons who are disloyal.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has stated
the point very well, and I think I understand it.
I merely say that I see no objection to it. The
bill does profess to do that. I will only remark
that this Government never can suppress an in-
surrection where a State countenances and sup-
ports it, but by virtue of such a law as this; and
if we cannot make Mie.h a law, we must give up
the doctrine that the United States can suppress
an insurrection which a State countenances.
Mr. SA [JLKRURY. Mr. Present, 1  m one
of those who hold that tins proceeding on the part
of the southern States is rebellion against the
laws and Constitution of the country. I admit
that. It has now arrived at such proportions
that it is revolutionary; but still, can you, in a
case of that kind, even where a State is in rebel-
lion, consistently with the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United Stales, deprive loyal citi-
zens of a State, although that State may bo in
rebellion, of the benefit of trade and commerce
with any other portion of the country? The Sen-
ator answers that if you cannot do that you can-
not suppress the rebellion. I think the question
is of such a grave character—the rights of the
loyal citizens of this country who may be situ-
ated in disloyal States may be so greatly embar-
rassed by this provision in the bill, that we ought
to take moie time for its consjdeiation, and not
hurry it through on its passage this morning.
Therefore, sir„l move that the bill bp referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Air. LATHAM. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—MVs-k. Anthony, Durham, l.iowmnff, Chand-
lei, Clark, Collamei, Cowan, JJivon, Doohttie/Fc^ben-
den. Foot, Fo-ier, Gnines. Hale, llailan, Ilann. Howe.
Johnson ol Tennessee, King, l.ano of Indiana, Lane ot
lv.uwe*, Latham, Mortill, .WMruili, Pomeioy, iiie<\ Sauls-
biny, Sheunan. Simmon-?, Sumner. Ten Eyek, Tiumhiill,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmor, and Wilson—3d.
NAYS— \hwsis. tt reck mi ulge, Bught, Johnson of Mis-
tsoun, K'oiie'dj, Polk, and Powell— 0.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieiudge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was lequeyted:
A bill (No. 25) making additional appropria- ;
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 3862, and appropriations of
arrearages far the year ending the 30th of June,
1861; and
A bill (No. 26) making additional appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1882*
and appropriations 6f arrearages for the year end-
ing the 30th of Jijrhe, 1861,
ORGANISATION OJF THE AltJIY.
Mr. WILSON, I move that the Senate now
proceed 10 the consideration of the bill (S. No. 3)
providing j&r the better organization of the mili-
tary establishment.
The motion was agreed to*, and the Senate, us
in Corr^niUee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes the President to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, an officer in the War Department, to
be called the Assistant Secretary of War, whose
salary shall be §3,000 per annum, payable in the
same manner as that of the Secretary of War,
who shall perform all such duties in the office of
the Secretary of War, belonging to that Depart-
ment, as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
War, or as may be required by law. Hereafter
the Adjutant General's department is to consist
of the following officers, namely: one Adjutant
General, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
brigadier general; one assistant adjutant general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel
of cavalry; two assistant adjutants general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments each of a lieu-
tenant colonel of cavaliy; four assistant adjutants
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments each
of a major of cavalry; and twelve assistant adju-
tantsgeneral, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
each of a captain of cavahyj and there is to be
added to the Subsistence department two commis-
saries of subsistence, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry.
To the Quartermaster's department there are
to be added as many master wagoners, with the
rank,pay,and allowances of scrgeantsof cavalry,,
and as many wagoners, with tlie pay and allow-
ances of corporals of cavalry, as the military ser-
vice, in the judgment of the President, may ren-
der necessary.
To thcOrdnancc department of the United States
Army, as now organized, there arc to be added
one chief of ordnance, with the rank, pay, emol-
uments, and allowances of the Quartermaster
General of the Army; one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, and six second lieutenants? theehiefancS
the field officers to be appointed by selection from
the officers of the ordnance corps,and the second
lieutcnantsfrom the graduates of the United States-
Military Academy, by transfer from tlie engi-
neers, or the topographical engineers, or the
arUilery-
To the corps of engineers there are to be added,
by regular promotion of its present officers, one
brigadier general, one colonel,two lieutenant "col-
onplsy and two major?; but, hereafter, all promo-
tions iti that corps are to be by sonority,, inclu-
sive of the highest grade; and all vacancies created
by such promotions are to be filled by graduates
oi the Military Academy, recommended for such
piomotions by the academic board of that insti-
tution.
To the corps of engineers there are to be added
three companies of engineer soldiers, to be com-
manded by appropriate officers of that corps, to
have the same pay and rations, clothing, and
other allowances, and to be entitled to the same
benefits, in every respecting the company created
by the act for the organization of a company of
sappersand miners andpontoniersyappiovedMay
16, 184G. These three companies arc to- be sub-
ject to the rules and articles, of war; they are to
be recruited in the same manner, and with the
same limitation, be instructed m and perform the
same duties and be liable to servo in the same
way, and are to have their vehicles, pontons,
tools, implements, arms, and other supplies reg-
ulated in the same manner, as the existing engi-
neer company; and eneh of the four companies
of engineer soldiers is hereafter to be composed
of ten sergeants, ten corporals, two musicians,
sixty-four privates of the first class, or artificers,
and sixty-four privates of the second class—in"
all, one hundred and fifty men each.
