1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The President is also to be authorized to add
to the Medics! department of the Army such
number of surgeons, not exceeding ten, and of
assistant surgeons, not exceeding twenty, as, in
his judgment, may be required by the wants of
the service; there are also to be added to the
Medical department of the Army, by regular pro-
motion, two assistant surgeon generals, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant col#hels
of cavalry, who shall be inspectors of military
hospitals; the officers so added to be appointed,
in the same manner,and to be, in all respects, on
the same footing, according to rank, as the offi-
cers of that corps now authorized by law. The
Surgeon General of the Army is to have the same
rank, pay, and emoluments as a colonel of cavalry.
There is also to be added to the medical staff
of the Army a corps of medical cadets, whose
duty is to be to act as dressers in the general hos-
pitals apd ambulance attendants in the field, under
the direction and control of the medical officers
alone. They arc to have the same rank and pay
as the military cadets at West Point. Their num-
ber is to be regulated by the exigencies of service,
but at no time to exceed fifty. It is to be com-
posed of young men of liberal education, students
of medicine, between the ages of eighteen and
twenty-three, who have been reading medicine
for two years, and have attended at least one
course of lectures in a medical college. They are
to enlist for one year, and be subject to the rules
and articles of war. On the 15th day of the last
month of their service the near approach of their
discharge is to be reported to the Surgeon General,
an order, if desired, that they may be relieved by
another detail of applicants.
In general or permanent hospitals female nurses
may be substituted for soldiers, when in the opin-
ion of the Surgeon General or medical officer in
charge it is expedient to do so; the number of
female nurses to be indicated by the Surgeon Gen-
eral or surgeon in charge of the hospital. The
nurses so employed aie to receive forty cents a
day and one ration in kind, or by commutation,
in iieu of all emoluments except transportation
in kind.
One chaplain is to be allowed to each regiment
of the Army, to be selected and appointed as the
President may direct; but none but regularly or-
dained* ministers of some Christian denomination
arc to be eligible to selection or appointment. The
pay and allowances of a chaplain are to be those
of a captain of cavalry.
The President of the United States is to be au-
thorized tofillanyexistmg vacancies at the United
States Military Academy from congressional dis-
tricts for which no nominations are made by
Representatives m Congress, by appointments
from those districts, or from "at large;"and there-
is to be added to the number of cadets, as now
authorized to be appointed from congressional dis-
tricts and from at large," two cadets from each
State, to be appointed by nominations of Sena-
tors; but each of the additional cadets is t  be an
actual lcsidrnt of the State from which nomina-
ted, and is to have the same qualifications for ad-
mission to the United States Military Academy
as are now required for those appointed from con-
gressional districts and from "at large."
The three months' extra pay allowed by the
twenty-ninth section of the act of the 5th July,
1838, for reenhstments under certain conditions,
the bounty granted by the third section of the act
of the 17th June, 1850, for enlistments at remote
and distant stations, and the premium now paid
for bringing accepted rccruits to the rendezvous,
are to be abolished.
Hereafter two dollars per month are to be re-
tained out of the monthly pay of each enlisted man
in the regular Army, until the expiration of his
time of service, instead of one dollar per month,
as authorized by existing laws. The fifth section
of the act approved September 28, 1850, requir-
ing the Secretary of "War to discharge from the
Army all minors, is to be repealed.
In all cat>es of enlistment and reenlistment in
the military service of the United States, the pre-
scribed oath of allegiance is to be administered
by any commissioned officer of the Army.
The two regiments of dragoons, the regiment
of mounted riflemen, and the two regiments of
cavalry, are hereafter to be known and recognized
as the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth regi-
ments of cavalry, respectively; the officers thereof
to retain their present relative rank, and to be
promoted as of one arm of service, according to
existing law and established usage and regulation.
The Commissary General of Subsistence is to be
authorized, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of War may prescribe, to vary the articles
of subsistence whenever circumstances may ren-
der it advisable, by substituting fresh meats of anv
kind for salt meats; and also potatoes, or other fresn
or desiccatcd vegetables, for those now constitut-
ing the regular ration; but the cost of*the ration
is not to be increased by such substitution. And
there maybe allowed in hospitals, to be provided
under such rules as the Surgeon General of the
Army, with the approval of the Secretary of War,
may prescribe, such quantities of fresn or pre-
served fruits, milk or butter, and of eggs, as may
be necessary for the proper diet of the sick.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill back with several amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was, in section two,
line twelve, after the word " subsistence," to in-
sert the word " each;" and in line thirteen of the
same section, after the word " of," to insert the
word " a;" so that the clause will read: $
And that there shall he added to the Subsistence depart-
ment two commissaries of subsistence, each with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a major of cavalry."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, to
add, at the end of section two,- the following: ,
And four commissaries of subsistence, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments each of a captain ot cavalry, and to
be taken from the line ol tlie Army.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that amend-
ment by striking out all after the word*'6 subsist-
ence;" so that it will add the four commissaries of
subsistence, if the Committee on Military Affairs
think that is absolutely necessary, but will not
increase their pay over the amount they are now
receiving. My purpose is to follow this up by
making another motion, that the words, "each
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a major
of cavalry," in the twelfth and thirteenth lines,
be also stricken out. The object is, to keep the
pay of these officers where it now is as established
by law. I do not think, sir, that this is a time
when the country will justify us in attempting to
raise the salaries of our military ofliceis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa,
to the amendment of the Committee on Military
A flairs.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
now indicate his other amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move now to strike out in
line three, of section two, the words, " one Adju-
tant General, with the lank, pay, and emoluments
of a brigadier general;" and to insert the words,
" one colonel."
For fourteen years, Mr. President, we have had
at the head of the Adjutant General's bureau, in
our Army, an officer, I believe, who discharged
the duties of the position to the acceptance of the
country, with no higher grade than that of col-
onel. He has resigned, and another gentleman
has been substituted in his place. Now, I am not
aware of any substantial reason why we should,
at this particular juncture, reorganize this bureau,
so as to put a brigadier general at the head of it,
for the mere purpose, evidently, ofconferring upon
him emoluments that have never been enjoyed by
his predecessors. At no time thus far, since the
organization of the Government, has there been
a brigadier general at the head of this bureau, and
I hear no reason assigned by the Senator from
Massachusetts, who represents the Committee on
Military Affairs, why tins change should now
take place. It may be that we need more assist-
ant adjutants general. I think: we do. I am will-
ing to agree and to vote for an addition to this
bureau of certain lieutenants, who shall take the
rank of captains in the Adjutant General's office;
but I cannot conceive of any reason why, at this
time, we should increase the superior officers in
any of these biueaus.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I desire to offer an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are further
amendments reported from the committee, the
Chair understands, which the Secretary will read.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add, at the end of section five, the following;
The superintendent of the Military Academy shall bean
officer of the A) my, a graduate of the United States Mili-
tary Academy, and distinguished for his Scientific attain-
ments. , He shall have the local rank, pay, and allowances
of a colonel of engfneers, and be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Military "
Academy has been established now nearly sixty
years; and I believe it is the universal testimony
of this country, and of foreign countries, or of the
citizens offo reign countries who have been brought
in contact with the officers who have been edu-
cated there, that some of the most accomplished
officers the world has ever seen have, been pro-
duced in that institution. I do not believe that
there is any Army in the world that lias, to-day,
more accomplished officers than we have in the
American Army, who have been educated at West
Point. That institution, during this whole time,
has been under the charge of tne engineer corps
of the Army, and under the chargc of no other
department. You know, sir, how that engineer
corps is constituted. It is the elite of the service.
Those who graduate at the head of their classes, ~
are assigned to that particulardepartment. They
are men selected on account of their intellectual
qualifications, on account of their application, and
on account of the ability by which they have dis-
tinguished themselves while at the Academy. It
is now proposed by this amendment to change
this whole thing, and to open the West Point
Academy to the superintendency of anybody who
may, for the time being, be connected with our
Army. I am opposed to it. I am opposed to it,
because I have heard no substantial reason as-
signed why the change should take place; and we
all know that the Academy has operated admira-
bly thus far under the present system.
I fear, sir, that if we adopt this amendment, thfc
Academy will become a sort of political institu-
tion; that we shall have men promoted who have
been put into your ten regiments from civil life;
who have no military qualifications, but who
have been promoted to the distinguished positions
which they are to occupy because they happen to
have been favorite partisans of those who arc in
power; that they, after a while, will be placec^in
charge of your Military Academy for the purpose
of influencing the political sentiments of the young
men who may come into their hands as students.
I think, Mr. President, that in regard to this
Academy, we had better act upon the common
sense principle of letting well enough alone; and
therefore I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think if the
Senator from Iowa, who is usually so vigilant and
careful in examining bills, had read this amend-
ment, he would not have made the speech he has
already made. lie says that if this amendment
is adopted, some of the civilians in the ten regi-
ments may be appointed. Now, sir, they cannot
be appointed under this amendment. It provides
that the superintendent must be a graduate of the
Military Academy. The amendment proposes
that the superintendent of that Academy may be
taken from the Army, but the person taken must
be a graduate of that institution. This is the iden-
tical proposition reported in the bill of the Senate
at the last session, assented to by the then chair-
man of the Military Committee, and by the Sen--
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] and agreed to by
the commission that sat there six weeks examin-
ing this subject. *
The Senator says, why not leave well enough
alone? What is the fact to-day, sir? The selec-
tion of superintendent is confined to the engineer
corps. It does not include the topographical
corps or the ordnance corps. I should not object
• to having it confined to those three scientific corps.
If Senators desire that, I will most cheerfully as-
sent to it; but to confine it to the engineer corps
is to shut out from selection some of the most
eminent scientific men of the country. There is,
to-day, complaint against the government and
superintendency of that institution; the wife of the
superintendent being an avowed and open seces-
sionist, and teaching secession there in social life.
Sir, if you would cast your eyes over the engineer
corps, it would puzzle you or any man to select
from it, to-day, a proper man to be placed at the
head of that institution. There are men outside
