1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
military men,who did nothappen to graduate there.
He has just voted to brand those men; he has
voted that they shall never be appointed to super-
intend the Military Academy at West Point, be-
cause they did not graduate there; and now he
gets up, and reads me a lecture of this sort. I wish
he had remembered it before. I do not want to put
any brand; but I have seen this abuse until I have
been sick; I have been faintat heartat seeing men
whom I was in the habit of looking at every day,
and respecting their judgment, carried away by
these influences, and putting idle boys, who had
been loafing around the city for years, over the
heads of industrious and studious young men
"who had been foiling four years at the Academy.
I think this amendment is right, and ought to be
adopted; and the amendment of the Senator from
New York would be nothing, worse than noth-
ing, without it; indeed, it would be almost an in-
sult to say that these fellows should not be reap-
poin ted to the Academy, and yet may be appointed
to the Aimy over the head of their class.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry to have to dis-
agree with my friend from New Hampshire, who
is so confident that the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New York is worthless without his own
amendment. I think the amendment offered by
the Senator from New York is eminently proper,
that a young man who, at the institution, fails to
come up to its requirements, either in scholarship
or conduct, and is dismissed, ought not to be re-
nominated by a member of Congiess, and sent
back there. It is a favor bestowed by the Gov-
ernment to educate young men at an institution
established by the Government; but when you
come to say, 111 the language of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
that, because a person has been dismissed from
the Academy, he shall not, in a trying emergency
in his country, in a time of war like this, be ap-
pointed to an office to outrank a man who is ed-
ucated at that Academy, the proposition is to my
mind monstrous. Ineligible to serve his country,
though his talents and his qualifications and his
bravery upon the field of battle may show that
he is the very man to serve it! Sir, it never has
been a very favorite idea with me that nobody
can command an Aimy but a man who has been
educated at West Point. The Lieutenant Gen-
eral who commands our armies did not receive
his education there; and it is the case with several
of the most distinguished commanders. The idea
that, because a young man may have been at this
institution,and mayhave been unable,fiomsome
cause or other, to pass an examination there, he
is to be forever ineligible to a position above a
person who happened to be in the Academy, and
go through the regular course, seems tome to be
carrying things altogether too far. I trust that
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. RICE. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. I have seen -cases where a boy who
could not pass cither the Military or Naval Acad-
emy and had no strong friends, was unable to get
reinstated by the poweis here; and I have seen,
upon the other hand, that those who had strong
friends here had no difficulty m obtaining the order
to reinstate them. I think the amendment is suf-
ficiently guarded; because if it should be proved
that the leasons were such as could be overlooked,
the board would recommend a reinstatement.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. There is one difficulty in
this amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire that has been entirely overlooked.
We have no constitutional power to limit the
President on this subject. The power of appoint-
ment, under the Constitution, is with the Presi-
dent, anil with the Senate to confirm, and we can-
not, by law, say that any man shall be ineligible
to an office in the Aimy. The Senate of the Uni-
ted States, in exercising their power of advising j
and consenting to the appointment, can decide, ]
and very probably they ought in the case lcferred [
to by the honorable. Senator from New Hamp-
shire to have decided, that they should not have
been appointed to those places; but, as a question
of lav/, we have no power by legislation to say
that any individual,because he has been expelled
from a college, or boen expelled from West Point,
or been expelled from any other institution, is in-
eligible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not expelled.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Well, if he is found defi-
cient in his youth that he shall never be eligible
afterwards to appointment in the Army. That
is the proposition.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am surprised
to hear so good a lawyer and so sensible a man
as my honorable friend from Wisconsin make
such an objection. This morning we passed a
bill unanimously, without any objection, disqual-
ifying all the citizens of the United States, except
thirty-six assistant pursers, from ever being ap-
pointed pursers in the Navy of the United States.
Wc have exercised that right. We have told the
President, notwithstanding he has the appointing
power, that we designate to him thirty-six men,
and he must select from them; and we have dis-
qualified all the rest of the United States;and yet
the Senator says we have no right to limit the
President.
Mr. NESMITH. I concur in the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York, and I
shall vote for it. I believe it is very desirable,
but I think the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire goes too far. I do not see why
any disqualification should be affixed. I think
expulsion and a prohibition against a young man
being reinstated at the Academy is perhaps suffi-
cient punishment. We do know that young men
are expelled from there for very trivial causes,
and I think a prohibition against reappointment
is sufficient punishment for whatever offense they
may be expelled for. I think the prohibition of
holding any office thereafter in the Army is too
great a punishment. Besides, though not much
of a lawyer myself, I concur with the Senator
from Wisconsin; I do not believe Congress has
the right to fix any such disqualification upon any
man. If it has a right to disqualify him from
holding a military office, it has a right to fix a
disqualification upon him for any civil office.
Why not extend it? If you desire to punish a
man for having been expelled from West Point,
and say he shall never be eligible to a position in
the Army, why not heap on his head the utmost
extent of punishment you can, and say that he
shall not be eligible to any officc?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been endeavoring
to find some set of words that would meet the
objection winch seems to exist to the proposed
provision. I take it there is one thing we all want
to say; that is, not that they shall be forever dis-
qualified from holding an office in the Army; that
is not what we are driving at at all; but that they
shall not take the precedence for a certain time of
the class that they left. I at first suggested the
words " in advance of theirclass," bntthat might
apply to all future time, and provide that no such
man at any future time should ever, under any
circumstances, be placed in advance of one who
was originally in his class. That is not what is
meant. I therefore suggest that these words be
inserted, " or appointed to any place in the Army
before his class shall have left the Academy."
Mr. HALE. "And received their commis-
sions."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they not receive them
as a matter of course ?
Mr. HALE. Not always. I accept the modi-
fication now suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I think would be
just, because the abuse has been in putting these
young men, who left for some reason that was not
creditable, into the Army in advance of those who
stayed through the couise. That ought to be rem-
edied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine proposes to amend the amendment 
Mr. HALE. J will accept the amendment of
the Senator from Maine.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire proposes to amend the amend-
mentof the Senator from New York by inserting,
after the word reappointed,the words "or
appointed to any place m the Army before his
class shall have left the Academy and received
their commissions;" so that the amendment will
read:
• i,idproi i Id further* That ai>y cudet who <4irt!l hereafter
lie reported rh'(i''ieiii en'iei iii conduct or stndie-. nnd^lia!!
be lecommenued to be ih^chary.'d <k>ni the Aeademj, slnll
Jiol br ietwned 01 lpuppocnrod, 01 appointed to any place
in the Aimy bofoio ln  eidv* vbnli have lel't the Academy
and received fivir commissions, except upon the recom-
mendation ofths academic boiud of the Academy.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now |
is upon the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from New York, as amended.
Mr". TEN EYCK. X have not had time to re-
flect on this .subject; but it strikes me that the
amendment as it now stands has the same effect
as if the amendment of the Senator fromv New
Hampshire had prevailed. If I am in error, I
should like to be corrected. As I understand it,
it provides that a cadet cannot be renominated or
sent back,until after his class shall have received
their appointments in the Army., That requires '
a period of some four or five years, and will pre-
clude the cadet from applying on account of age.
The effect of the amendment, therefore, is pre-
cisely the same as that proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will depend altogether
on the punctuation. It is put in the alternative
that he shall not be appointed, or sent back to the
Academy, or appointed to any place in the Army
in advance of his class and before they have re-
ceived their commissions—neither of these three
—unless he is recommended by the academic
board. That is the way it reads, I take it.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move now to strike out the
whole of the eleventh section. I am not very
much in favor of increasing the number of cadets.
I do not think the experience of the country has
been such as should lead us to be in any great
hurry to increase the number of cadets or to add
to the patronage of the Military Academy. I
cannot help thinking that there is something wr'ong
about this whole institution. I do not believe
that in the history of the world you can find as
many men who have proved themselves utterly
faithless to their oaths, ungrateful to the Govern-
ment that has supported them, guilty of treason
and a deliberate intention to overthrow that Gov-
ernment which has educated them and given them
its support, as have emanated from this institu-
tion.
Now, sir, you propose by this section, in the
first place, to authorize the President to appoint
cadets from those States which are so disloyal,
as States, that they refuse to recognize your au-
thority and fail to appear here at all; for if they
were loyal and would appear they would have the
patronage. 1 think it will be soon enough to per-
mit those States that profess to be out of the
Union to have the benefits of this school when
they shall see fit to elect members of Congress and
send them here. They certainly have the right
to place themselves in the same position with any
other States m this respect. Why, then, should
the President be empowered to exert this enorm-
ous patronage for the disloyal States? It maybe
one inducement to them to come back here, that
by so doing they may have this benefit, as well
as other benefits of the Government.
This section also empowers each Senator, as I
understand it, to appoint one cadet. I do not
like to be invested with that power myself. It
will.be found to be exceedingly troublesome and
vexatious, if from three million people I am called
upon to select one individual. I shall find it ex-
ceeding!}' invidious; and so will every other Sen-
ator. Nor do I believe that thcic is any necessity
for the increase of the number of cadets. I be-
lieve there are too many of them already. I be-
lieve that from the idleness of these military-
educated gentlemen thisgreattreason was hatchcd.
Of those whoareemployedactively in overthrow-
ing your Government there are more from the
graduates of this Academy than from any other
class. These things admonish me, at all events,
to be cautious how I go on to strengthen the "in-
fluence of an institution that has thus fur proved
so bad.
I do not believe you derive as much benefit
fiom the education and science of these gentle-
men as you would from the laudable ambition of
men employed in the Army, provided you left it
open tor any man to conic up from the ranks ac-
cording to his own merits. Then, sir, he would
have an inducement to study military science, and
he can find it at other places as well as at this
military school. Then it would eeaso to be a
monopoly, and men would study it; men would
engage in active military life, and the result would
be a great development of the genius of particu-
lar men in this line. In this way men would be
able to render more eminent service to their coun-
try, in m$r judgment", than all you derive from
