1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
and I may be allowed perhaps to say that I am
the more in favor of this provision because those
vacancies are now to be supplied by appointments
from loyal States. I desire that it should be so,
and that our Army should be replenished, and
that these vacancies should be filled in such a
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York will allow me. He is under a misappre-
hension in regard to the section. It does not re-
quire that they shall be filled from the loyal States.
The requirement is, that they are to be filled by
the President by appointment from those districts
or from at large. As I understand the section, he
is to go hunting about through South Carolina to
find, if he can, six boys to educate, and if he can-
not get them there, to appoint them at large.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have not over-
looked the fact suggested by the Senator from
Illinois. I still insist that the effect of th?b pro-
vision is to fill up the West Point Academy by ap-
pointments from loyal States. No man supposes
that the President will make any appointment,
under the provisions of this section, from the State
of South Carolina, or of Georgia, or of Alabama,
or of Mississippi; on the contrary, appointments
to represent the districts in those States will be
made from loyal States. Every man necessarily
supposes that that will be the result of this pro-
vision. We are therefore to have our Army
replenished by loyal men appointed from loyal
States, to fill up the places made vacant by those
who have proved disloyal. This is a good oppor-
tunity to do it. I very much desire that it should
be done, and it seems to mo that this is the place
for the Senate to enact that provision. I am op-
posed myself to undertaking to frame another bill
on this subject. It is appropriate here; it belongs
to this bill; and it seems to me that the provision
should be retained.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated that this section would
tive an additional amount of patronage to the
ixecutive. The Senator from Now York says
that that is not so; that it merely substitutes the
President as the appointing power in place of the
Representatives in Congress who ought to be
here from some seven or eight States. Weil, I
should like to know the difference. Here are
certain southern States that are entitled, through
their Representatives, to appoint certain young
men as cadets at the West Point Academy. Those
Representatives are not here; they therefore do
not make the appointments, and we confer upon
the Chief Executive of the nation the patronage
and power to do what these men were authorized
to do. Does not that increase the patronage and
power of the Executive ? And how long is he to
exercise it? Just so long as the condition of things
exists in the southern States that exists there
now. We are going to establish a precedent, not
only in relation to this matter as it now exists,
but we are going to establish the precedent that
hereafter, whenever there shall be a vacancy at
the West Point Academy, the President shall
select in place of the Representative in Congress,
or the man who ought to be here as the Repre-
sentative in Congress, from a given district.
Thus we are not only giving the President the
power to fill vacancies in the Army itself, but we
are authorizing the President of the United States
to educate an army up to his own liking for future
exigencies. I am opposed to it; but I am espe-
cially opposed to that provision which confers
this power on Senators. 1 do not think it ought
to be granted to them. It belongs to the Repre-
sentatives of the people, and not to the represent-
atives of the States.
It is said we ought to do this because now is
the best opportunity. Sir, it is our duty to be
here and remain hero and attend to the public
business. We are sent here for that purpose. We
are paid an annual, fixed stipend for doing it. The
academic year commences next September. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
tells us that he will immediately take this subject
under consideration and report to us a bill. I
have no doubt he intends to do it, and that it will
be done, and that we shall have some scheme for
filling up the Academy that will be more accept-
able to the majority of the Senate and to the peo-
ple at large than the scheme that is no w embraced
m the eleventh section of this bill. 1 therefore
hope that the motion of the chairman of the com-
mittee will be adopted, and that we shall be done
with the subject at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to strike out the eleventh section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all of the
fifth section, after the word " enacted," dowij to
the word " that," in the fourth line, and insert
"the engineer" before " corps."
It is proposed by this section to create a briga-
dier general, an additional colonel, and two lieu-
tenant colonels, and two majors, and add them to
the engineer corps. If the chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee will state to the Senate that it is
necessary to add two or three officers to the en-
gineer corps from below, of the rank of lie.uten-
ant, I shall with pleasure vote for such a propo-
sition; but I am not quite prepared to vote for-
additional colonels, lieutenant colonels, and ma-
jors.
Mr. WILSON. This proposition was placed
in the bill at the earnest solicitation of General
Scott, who states that the engineer corps is alto-
gether inadequate to the wants of the country.
This section was prepared by him. It was rec-
ommended, too, very strongly by the Adjutant
General. If the Senator insists upon striking it
out, I hope we shall consolidate these two corps—
the engineer and the topographical engineers,
make a slight increase of the higher officers, and
a considerable increase of the first and second
lieutenants; and they are wanted at this time.
We propose, in one of the sections of the bill, to
add one hundred fifty men as sappers and miners
and pontoniers—men that are absolutely needed
in the service. In all the armies of Europe, taking
them altogether, there is one engineer for every
thirty men. One thirtieth part of the armies of
Europe is made up of engineers; and this ratio
would carry ours up to several hundred.
I am willing to strike this out; but I propose
the consolidation of these two engineer corps that
were separated in 1838,1 think, without any cause,
to unite them together, and make one corps of
them. For that purpose, I propose to insert this
clause:
That the two corps of engineers shall be united, and
constitute one corps, to be composed of the following offi-
cers: one brigadier general, three colonels, live lieutenant
colonels, ten major:!, thirty-live captains, thirty-five first
lieutenants, and thirty-five second lieutenants.
This adds one brigadier, one colonel, two lieu-
tenant colonels, and two majors; does not change
the number of captains, but adds some twelve or
thirteen to the first lieutenants, and the same
number to the second lieutenants. Let me state
the, reason for a brigadier general for the corps.
This corps, be it remembered, is supposed to con-
tain, and certainly would contain when united,
the scientific portion of the Army. The advance-
ment is very slow. These men are ten years on
the average behind the rest of the Army in their
advancement. I see no reason why every man in
this corps should be thus prohibited forever from
having the commission of a brigadier general. It
will add very little to the expense. I propose to
have only three or four more of the higher officers
than there are now. I think these corps had better
be consolidated and organized in this form, and I
know that many of the best gentlemen connected
with the corps, who look to the welfare of the coun-
try, desire it to be so. There are some men in the
engineer corps who arc opposed to it, because,
perhaps, they think they may not be advanced
quite so rapidly as they now are, by the union
of the other corps with them; but there is no
reason on earth why these corps should be sepa-
rated. They ought to be together, and I hope
Senators will consent to adopt this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. KING. I ssk that the amendment be read
or stated. I am rather inclined to favor the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts to con-
solidate the two corps; but I do not know what
is the exact question pending.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the question is on
the proposition submitted by myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has so
stated. The amendment will be read.
The' Acting Secretary read it: to strike out,
after the word "enacted," in the first line of tiro
fifth section, down to, and including, the word
"provided," in the fourth line, in the following
words: ...
" That there shall be added to the corps of engineers, by
regular promotion of its present officers, one brigadier gen-
eral, one colonel, two lieutenant colonels, and two majors:
Provided."
And in line five, after the word " in,".to strike
out,the word " said," and insert the words " the
engineer;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 5. Jirul be U further enacted, That, hereafter, nil
promotions in the engineer corps shall be by seniority, in-
clusive of the highest grade, and that all vacancies created
by such promotions shall be filled by graduates of the Mili-
tary Academy recommended for said promotions by the
academic board of said institution.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. If we do not strike this
out, we ought to restore all the others and not
make this invidious distinction.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, we have
already struck out this increased rank in the ord-
nance corps, and in the corps of topographical
engineers. We therefore, to be consistent, should
strike out the increase of rank here. Then, after
we have reduced them all to the same level pre-
cisely, if the Senate see fit to adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, I am not sure
that it would not be right and well to put the two
corns together; but that should be considered by
itself. We certainly, should either restore what ,
we have done in regard to the other corps if we
want to preserve harmony in the Army, or strike
them all out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 13; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Cowan, Dixon,
Fessendcn, Foster, Giimes, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Lane of Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Sherman, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Foot, Har-
ris, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Pomeroy,
Powell, Ten Eyck, and Wilson—13.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears to
be no quorum of the Senate present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very evident that
there is not a quorum here, and will not be to-
night. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 12,1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, requested the House of Rep-
resentatives to return to the Senate the bill of the
Senate entitled "An act authorizing the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the law3
and protecting public property."
The House subsequently ordered that the Clerk
return said bill to the Senate.
APPOINTMENT 01? SELECT COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed the following select
committees ordered by the House:
Select committee to inquire relative to the estab-
lishment of a national armory west of the Alle-
ghany mountains: Messrs. James K.Moorhead
of Pennsylvania, John A. McClernaNd of Illi-
nois, John A.Bingham of Ohio, Francis W.
Kellogg of Michigan, John L. N. Stratton of
New Jersey, Chales Delano of Massachusetts,
William VANDEVEiiof Iowa, James S.Rollins
of Missouri, and John W. Wallace of Penn-
sylvania.
Committee to inquire relative to contracts made
for supplies for the use of the Government: Messrs.
Charles H. Van Wyck of New York, Ellihu
B. Washburne of Illinois, William S. Hol-
man of Indiana, Reuben E.Fenton of New York,
Henry L.Dawes of Massachusetts, William
G. Steele of New Jersey, and James S. Jack-
son of Kentucky.
Committee on the Pacific railroad: Messrs.
Samuel R.. Ccrtis of Iowa, James H. Camp-
bell of Pennsylvania, John B. Alley of Mas-
sachusetts, Francis P. Blair of Missouri, Sam-
uel S. Cox of Ohio, Edwin H. Webster of
