92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
•Maryland, Richard Franciiot of New York,
N. Arnold of Illinois, and A. J. Thayer
of Oregon.
WRIT 01? HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. OLIN, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested to lay
before this House, at lus earliest convcnienec, n copy of
the opinion mentioned m the message of the President
delivered to this House on the opening of its present ses-
sion.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will allow the resolution also
to include a copy of the general order suspending
the writ of habeas corpus, to which reference was
made. I have never seen it, and I should be glad
to see it.
Mr. OLIN. I have no objection, and will
modify my resolution accordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
RATIONS £011 THE ARMY.
Mr. FRANCHOT, by unanimous consent, in-
.txoduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affairs arc re-
quested to leport upon the propriety of so amending the
piesent law in repaid to Aimy rations, as to include battel,
as recommended by the icpoit of the samtaiy commission,
and as now piovidcd for the Navy.
Mr. HUTCIIINS. I move to amend by in-
sorting1 " cheese."
Mr. FRANCIIOT. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, mid agreed to:
Rcso/tcd, Th.it the eeruiicates, docmnontaiy and other
evidenee, in 'In' M'wral ronlosted-eleeuou oum's reletred
to tin: Committee of Elections, be punted.
ClIAlUiWR B. AUTElt.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill of a puvate charac-
ter, for the purpose of reference to the Committee
on Military Allah's. It is a bill to pay Charles
I). Arter for the destruction of property by the
United States Government.
Mr. .STEVENS. I must object.
Mr. LOU AN. If the genllemon ^rom Penn-
syhdina wj 11 allow me to make a very brief state-
ment in reibicnce to the bill, 1 do not think he will
° ^Ir^STEVENS. I think the hill is excluded
by the rule adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, {Mr. Hot.man.]
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Illinois
desires to introduce the bill for relcrcnee only.
Air. STEVENS. it Hot excluded by the
rule3
Mr. LOU AN. I do not think it would be ex-
eluded by the rule, anyhow. It relates to Army
0iVlr!\sTEVrKN.S, If it is intended thai ihe bill
shall be acted on at this session, I must object.
Mr. LOUAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the [louse to make a .statement in reference to
the case.
Mr. NT EVENS. I object.
Mr. VALLAN UKUIAM. I call for the reg-
ular oider of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is th( enll of committees for reports of a
pnvato character.
OLE it K TO COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I use to a question of privi-
lege. J am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to report the following resolution:
Rt'sofrrtL Tli.it the Committee of Election- he .uuhoti/ed
to ''uij'loy a ch'ik, .ita <. ompcni-atiou of four dolliu.^ a daj
duih-'j; In - >ei viee.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
mail from Kentucky whether it is the purpose of
the committee to make any reports at this session
—whether they are doing; anything?
Mr. DAWES. I cannotsay whether it is their
purpose to make any rcpoi Is. 11 is then pni pose
to proceed itamediau 1 y to the consideration of the
business referred to them.
Mr. AVAfcSHfJTJRNE. 1 move fo amend th^
res'iluiion so as to include the Committee on
Commerce and the Committee on Military Affairs,
both of which committees have had to employ
clerks already.
Mr. BURNETT. What committees do you
propose to give clerks to ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Committee on
Commerce and the Committeeon Military Affairs.
The Committee on Commerce, I know, has had
to employ a clerk; and I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that he has had to do the same thing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have.
Mr. BURNETT. If that is to conclude the
amendments to the resolution, I will not object.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE. I move the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the reso-
lutidn so as to include the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order at this time. The House has not yet
received the resolution. Is there objection ?
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection, and
never have had any, to the employment of clerks
by committees that really need them. 1 think the
committees mentioned by the gentleman from
Illinois do need them, and I will not, therefore,
object to the resolution; but I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will stand by his demand for
the previous question, because it is on that con-
dition that I refrain from objecting.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Is it now in
order to object to the introduction of the resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not at this
time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When will be
the time to object ?
The SPEAKER. The Clmir understood that
there was no objection to the resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I made the ob-
jection just as soon as 1 obtained the attention of
(he Chair. 1 must object to the resolution unless
it is so amended as to include the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WAfcSEiniTRNE. I will agree to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
IJivoiiAM,] if he can make a statement similar to
that made by myself and by the gentleman from
Missouri, I Mr. Jh.Aiit.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I can make the
statement myself. The business now before the
Judiciary Committee requires ft clerk.
Mr. WASKliURNE. I withdraw thedemand
for (he previous question for the purpose of ena-
bling the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Binoiiam]
to answer my question. If he answers m the
affirmative, I will agree to his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to state that it was upon the express un-
derstanding that the gentleman from Illinois would
stand by the demand for the previous question,
that i withdrew all objection to the introduction
of (he resolution.
Mr. WASIIIiURNE. If that was the gentle-
man's understanding it is incumbent upon me to
insist on the demand'for the previous question;
and I do so.
Mr. KELLOGG of Illinois. Then I must in-
sist on my objection to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. Wasiu5?'r>:i:\s amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Air. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lav the motion to ice^nsKlcr upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the consent
of the House that the papers in the contested-elec-
tion cases from Pennsylvania, Oregon, Nebraska,
and Vngima, left avith the Cleik, be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
11 was so ordered .
NATIONAL AH3I0KY.
Mr. VANDEVER. I a«k the consent of the
House that the memorial from the State of Iowa
in regaul to a national armory, whieh was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, be with-
drawn from that committee and referred to the
select committee raised yesterday in relation to the
subject of a national armory.
It was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
provide for the payment of the militia and volun-
teers called into the service of the United States,
from the time they were called into service to the
30th day of June, 1861; when the Speaker signed
the same.
QUALIFICATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of privilege, relatingio the qualifications of mem-
bers of the House/ I oT$er th§ following preamble
and resolution: ' ' f
AN Marston of New
Now York, "Edward
: of Pennsylvania, and
Samue\II. i^uRTis of fowa, holding seats m tin-* House as
inemberSjAncrcof, have been swoi 11 into the military service
of the Unit,ad Stales, and hold military ofTiccs under the
authority ot the same; and.whereas James H. Campbell of
Pennsylvania, al« o holding a seat in this House as a member
thereof, ha> admitted upon the floor of tins House that lie
has been so sworn and does j o hold otliee as afoie^aid:
Therefore,
Resolved) That the Committee of Elections be nWiucted
to inquire, and without unneces: aiy delay to report,whether
thcgenllemen above named, oranyotheis claiming ot hold-
ing ^eats as members of this Hou-o, and at the same time
holding any military office under the aufhoritj ofthe United
States, are coimitutionallv disqualified to bemcmbeis of
this House by holding such imhtaiy offices.
Mr. Speaker, in addition to the explicit terms
ofthe Constitution, this question has been decided
twice—solemnly decided as far back as 1802 in
a contested-election case in which one Van Nesa
was a party, holding a commission in the militia
of the District of Columbia. The House unani-
mously decided then, that to hold a military office
under the authority of the United States was a
disqualification of membership in this House and
the Senate. And again in 1846, in the case of
Colonel Baker of Illinois, the question was raised
and referred to the Committee of Elections, and
that committee made a unanimous report that
Mr. Baker was disqualified by reason of holding
a military office under the authority of the United
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is this resolution in
order?
The SPEAKER. Yes. It is a question of priv-
ilege, affecting the seats of members.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As soon as the
question was raised, Mr. Baker resigned his seat
m this House; but the Committee of Elections
proceeded, nevertheless, to decide the question,
and to report to the House; but no action was ever
had in reference to it. I desire that the attention
of the Committee of Elections may be called to
this question. I do not propose to press the mat-
ter at this session; but it may go before the com-
mittee and remain there till the next.
I hope the gentleman from Illinois will not un-
dertake to smother this resolution. We are all
interested m having the question considered and
decided according to the Constitution. There are
reasons of the highest public policy* why there
should be this exclusion; but J will not trespass
on tho patience of the House this morning by en-
tering into the discussion of it, as I propose to do
hereafter. I must again expnss my regret that
any member should attempt to prevent inquiry
into this question—one of the gravest questions
that can be submitted as to the qualifications of
member^ of the House. It is simply a resolution
of inquiry; and 1 trust that if the motion be made
to lay it on the table,, the House will refuse to
sustain that motion, but will let the resolution go
befoie the committee. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Mcknight. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
demanded the previous question. The question
is on seconding the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will hear the
proposed amendment.
Mr. MeKNIGHT. I desire to move to amend
the resolution by insetting the name of Clement
