1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.L. Vallandigham of Ohio. 1 think that after
the address which \vc heard from that gentleman
the other day, the Committee of Elections should
be instructed to.look at the gentleman's creden-
tials, and see whether he is acciedited to this, or
another Congress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, for the purpose
of saying to the member from Pennsylvania, that
if he desires any personal controversy with me,
he can have it outside of this House [calls to
ordei] whenever and wherever lie may choose
to appoint; but he cannot have it on this floor.
I conic into this House to abide by the rules,
usages, decorum, and courtesy, which ought to
characterize a legislative body. I do not mean to
violate them myself, nor to permit others to do so.
Mr. McKNIGHT, Neither do I.
The SPEAKER. This discussion is not in
order. The demand for the previous question cuts
off all debate.
The previous question was not seconded.
The question being on agreeing to the resolu-
tion,
Mr. CAMPBELL said: Before the question is
put I want to say a word, as I suppose the general
language of the resolution, if adopted, would pre-
clude my right to a seat on this floor. I stated the
other day, when a similar proposition was made
to this House, that I was sworn into the service
of the United States as an officer of the State
militia of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
It does seem to me, that if the facts of the contest
weie understood, 110 gentleman who had any re-
gard for his own professional reputation would
make any question about it. I do not rise now
for the purpose of forestalling the judgment of the
House, because my fellow-members on this floor
can judge for themselves. I feel entirely above
and beyond the result that maybe reached on the
question. 1 hold a seat on this floor by virtue of
tlie votes of the people of the eleventh congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania, and I hold a com-
mission under the broad seal of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, and the signature of her
Governor, by which I am at present serving in
the Army of the United States. I hold no two
offices under the Government of the United States.
I have taken an oath of allegiance to the Consti-
tution and the laws; and the gentleman has done
the same. This oath is equally binding on us
both. But, sir, there is no possible conflict be-
tween these two positions. I hold one as mem-
ber of this House, by virtue of an election under
the laws of ihe United States; and the other
under the seal of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania and the signature of her Governor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this question does not rise
to the dignity of a legal question. The case of
Raker, to which the gentleman refers, was one
where he held his commission as an officer of the
District militia, by virtue of a commission from
the President, as I understand the case. But,
whatever the result may be, I rise to say this:
that if there is any conflict in these two positions,
and if the House so decide, 1 would resign my
seat on this floor to follow the flag of my country
in the open field, wherever it may lead. [Applause.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Before I give my vote, I
desire to havp the resolution read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BtNGHAM. I have only this to say about
the resolution: that, touching Mr. Campbell, the
Representative from Pennsylvania, the resolution
asserts, as a matter of fact, that which I do not
understand to be the fact; namely, that he holds
an office or commission under the Government or
by the authority of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The language of
the resolution is copied from the Daily Globe.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to my colleague,
however, that I cannot be controlled in my vote,
touching a matter of fact, by anything reported
in the Daily Globe, when my own information is
original. Without raising any issue with my
colleague about it, I do not understand tlie fact to
be as stated in the resolution. On the contrary,
I fetd very confident that the fact is otherwi.se.
Mr. "VALLANDIGHAM. I do not propose
to prejudge any of these cases at all; and further-
more,! do not raise any question that the gen-
tlemen from Iowa, Pennsylvania, New York, and
New Hampshire, were ail regularly elected mem-
bers of the House. The question is not one of
election, but of qualification. It is a very grave
and important constitutional question; and I trust
that, without further delay, the resolution will be
adopted, and that the Committee of Elections will
take charge of the question and report their views
to the House. It will then come up for discus-
sion^ I repeat, that I do not desire to introduce
the discussion at this present session; and further-
more, I have no sort of personal feeling whatever
in connection with any member embraced in the
resolution; and 1 believe that two or three out of
the six are men of my own political -party.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand, of course, that
the gentleman from Ohio has no personal feeling
in this matter, and I was, therefore, sorry to hear
him say that a proposition from this side was a
personal reflection on him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not understand
the gentleman from Iowa, or else he has failed to
comprehend mo.
Mr. CUllTIS. I understood the gentleman to
say that a gentleman on this side of the House
reflected on him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise simply to
express my regret that the gentleman from Iowa
should have misunderstood what I said. I raised
no sort of personal question with respect to him-
self or others whose names are included in the
resolution. 1 simply replied to an attempt to in-
troduce my name in the resolution on a subject
which had no sort of connection with it. I repeat,
with the permission of the gentleman from Iowa,
that two or three out of the pix members named
in the resolution arc men of my own political
party. My sole desire is to have this question
settled as it ought to be.
Mr. CURTIS. "Will the gentleman allow me
to make an explanation ? The position 1 take in
regard to this matter is this: Of course I could
not hold two officcs at the same time under the
Government of the United States. If 1 believed
I did hold two ofTicesat the present time under the
United States, I should certainly resign one. It
is a matter of too small importance to me. If
both are offices under the United States Govern-
ment, I should continue in the military service,
if I were required for the defense of the country,
and resign my position as a member of the House
with pleasure. But, sir, my constituents require
me to be here; and I have endeavored, therefore,
for the time being, to discharge both duties. Now,
sir, the position which I hold in the military ser-
vice of the United States is that of a loan from
the State of Iowa. The Governor of Iowa was
called upon for troops, and I fell into the ranks.
I was unanimously eleetedacolonel. I was com-
missioned by the Governor of Iowa, and I have
tried to serve in that capacity. 3n my military
position I am merely an olncer of the State of
Iowa, loaned for the time being to the United
States—loaned for the purpose of sustaining the
national flag—loaned to the United States for the
purpose of sustaining the absolute supiemacy of
the laws, which it is the province of the United
States to do. I do not, therefore, conceive that
as a State officer serving for the State of Iowa in
that capacity, I am in any way acting as an of-
ficer of the United States. I have no commission
under the Government of the United States. I
am not an officer of the United States. I am an
officer of the State of Iowa.
. Befoie I take my seat, I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio whether he is not himself
an ofllcer m the militia of the State of Ohio?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 do hold a com-
mission under the State of Ohio.
Mr. CUPvTIS. Then I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, in case of an invasion, or for any
cause, he is not liable to be called out by the
President, if the Government of the United States
should take upon itself the duty of maintaining
the rights and privileges of that State?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Unquestionably;
and 1 then should forfeit my right to a seat upon
this floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot see that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should be com-
pelled to choose between the two positions: and
I would do precisely as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says he would do: select the military
position in preference to the civil.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Believing there
is no incompatibility in the two positions of mem-
ber of this House and an oiiccr of State troops
serving in the Army of the JJnited States; ,and
beiiovingthat the facts in the case are not tfeose
set forth in the resolution, I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon that motion
I demandnhe yeas and nays, and trust that we
shall be allowed to have them. ;
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Appleton, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Goldsmith P. Bailey, Joseph ttaily, Bearaan,
Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
ton. Chamberlain, Ambrose W. Clarfc, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conklmg, Conway, Curtis, Davis, Delano, Diven, Duell,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fen ton, Fessenden, Fisher, Franehot^
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley., Hanch'ett, Har-
rison, Hickman, Horton, Hutching, Julian, Kelley, Franete
W. Kellogg, William ICeiiogg, Lansing, Loomis, Loyefoy,,
McKean,Mitchell,Moorhead, A son P. Morrill, Justing
Morrill, Nixon, Olui, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Pot-
ter, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward
II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shell#barger, Sherman,
Sloan, Stevens, Stratum, Benjamin F. Thouias, Thayer,
Trimble, Trowbudge, Upton, Vandever, Van Uorne, Van
Vaikenburgh, Van VVyek, Verrce, Wallace, Cbarftss W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward, Washbume, Wheeler, Wha-
iev, Albeit S. White,Windom,Worcestei,and Wiignt—92.
NAYS—Me^rs. Ancona,"Burnett,Calvert,Cobb, Roscoe
Conkling, Cooper, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfieki, Crit-
tenden, Delaplaine, Dunlup, Dunn, English, Fouke,Grider,
Ilaight, Harding, Ilolman, Jackson, Johnson, Law, Leary, -
Logan, McKnight, McPherson, Morris,"Noble, Noell, Nor-
ton, Odell,George II. Pendleton, Perry, Keld, Richardson, '
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Smith, John B. Steele^ Wil-
liam G. Steele, Fiancis Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibbard9
Vooriioes, Wadswotth, Webster,Chilton A. White, Wick-
hffo, Wood, and Woodruff—51.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
* TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. And, pending that motion, I move that
all general debate upon House bills Nos. 25 and
26 be terminated in one minute after the House
shall go into the Committee of the'Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. Stevens's first motion was then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 25, making additional appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for-the year ending
the 3Uth of June, 1862, and appropriations of
arrearages for the year ending 30th of June, 1861.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the first reading of the bill was dispensed
with.
Thcbill was then read by paragraphs foramend-
ment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order, which, however, I do not intend to press
at this time. This being Friday, by the rules of
the House, private bills are the regular order of
business,and cannot be Superseded by other busi-
ness except by a suspension of the rules by a
two-thirds vote. I do not propose to press the
point at this time, but I state it that it may be
understood by the House, and may, perhaps, in-
sist upon it in relation to some other bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This bill having been
made a special order supersedes the consideration
of private business.
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that'll do pass.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 26, making additional
appropriations for sundry civil expanses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, and appropriations for arrearages for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the fiist reading
of the bill was dispensed with.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendment-.
