1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which complement may be maintained during the
war by additional calls from time to time, as they
shall be deemed necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
amendments in the order in which they were of-
fered .
The amendment offered by Mr. Blair, of Mis-
souri, was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I desiie, sir, to vote for all measures
asked for to enable the Government to maintain its
honor and dignity, which may be sanctioned by
the Constitution, and by any reasonable view of
the necessity of the case. I will heartily, zeal-
ously, gladly support any honest effort to main-
tain the Union, and reinvigorate the ties which
bind these States together. But, sir, 1 am not
willing to vote for more men or more money than
the Administration asks; more than it can fairly
use; more than General Scott, who advises and
controls the Administration, tells us he thinks
necessary. Neither will I vote for an increase of
the regular Army; for this uprising of the people
■of the North shows that our brave and noble vol-
unteers are ready and able to do the work now to
be done, better than regulars can. And the only
necessity of increasing the regular Army now, is
to give patronage and power to the Administra-
tion, in the appointment of officers.
Neither, sir, will I vote for bills of indemnity
to the President; for bills which are not intended
to relieve the country from its difficulties, but to
cover the acts and doings of the Administration
from fair investigation and honest judgment. Nor
will I vote for the suspension of those laws for
the protection of personal liberty, which the Pres-
ident tells us were passed in too great tender-
ness of the rights of citizens. Nor will I close
my lips., lest 1 may Speak of usurpations, or cor-
ruptions and abuses, which are said to be rife in
this city now, and the Government may be there-
by weakened. Sir, let the government depend for
its strength upon the integrity of its motives and
its adherence to the Constitution. I will vote for
none of these measures; but I will do what is
fairly necessary to give the Administration power
to maintain the Government, and prevent disas-
ter to its flag.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania does
not at all alter the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois. It has precisely the same
effect.
And in regard to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, I beg leave to say that the es-
timates of the Department cover, not only four"
hundred thousand men as volunteers, but they
cover twenty-four thousand regular troops added
to the Army. The Congress of the United States
may deem it unnecessary to grant these regular
troops, and may prefer to confine themselves en-
tirely to the employment of volunteer troops.
And in addition, 1 beg leave to say that I think
it the duty of Congress to provide additional men
to be called into service at the discretion of the
President. If, after Congress shall have adjourned,
it shall be found that more men are needed, I think
it proper to put it in the power of the President
to employ such increased number of men and to
call them out. But it is not a supposable case that
the President will call out the entire number of
men authorized by this bill, unless such a course
shall be found necessary for the defense of the
public interest.
Mr. DIVEN. If I understand the objection
made by the gentleman from Illinois to the pro-
vision of the bill authorizing one hundred thou-
sand more men to be called for by the President,
at his discretion, than he has asked for in his
message, it is because he is willing to trust to the
recommendation of the President. Then, if he is
willing to trust to the discretion and justice of
the President, as exhibited in his recommendation
and m his annual message, surely he ought to be
willing to trust to his discretion in using a greater
latitude, if granted to him by Congress. It is
difficult to determine whatmay transpire between
this time and the mooting of Congress again. We
want, at least, to put it beyond the necessity of
again convening Congress before the time of its
next regular session. Before that time, if ever,
an increased force will bo required. As soon as
the early frosts of October shall justify placing
troops in the cotton States, I trust the President,
in his discretion, will see the propriety of placing
a large army at Pensacola, Charleston,and other
rebellious places in this Confederacy. And I",
for one, fully respond to the sentiment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yesterday, when he
declared that if half a million of troops was not
sufficient to put down this rebellion, then take a
million. I, for myself, have confidence enough
in the President and his council to give the broad-
est discretion to him; and if I were to recommend
any amendment, it would be, not to limit, but to
extend that discretion. Gentlemen having confi-
dence in the President and his council, need have
no apprehension in extending to him this discre-
tion.  
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not understand
this to be a question of confidence; it is a question
of policy and public duty. What is the fact?
The President has not asked us for $500,000,000,
but $400,000,000, to carry on the war on a scale
to insure the suppression of rebellion and the vin-
dication of the Federal authority. Nor has he
asked five hundred thousand men, but only four
hundred thousand^ for that purpose. That is all
the Secretary of War has asked; it is all the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has estimated the expense
of raising and supporting. I appeal to the Presi-
dent's message, and to the reports of the Secre-
taries mentioned, for the truth of this assertion.
Now, why is this limit thus imposed ? I suppose
it is because Lieutenant General Scott neither
asked nor desired more men—a larger military
force. He supposed, we may assume, that force
was sufficient. I am willing, sir, to give the
amount of money and men required by the Exec-
utive; and I do so upon the supposition that he is
more familiar with the military necessities of the
Government than I am. Under the Constitution,
it is the privilege and the duty of the Executive,
from time to time, to give Congress information
of the state of the Union, and to recommend to
their consideration such measures as he shall
judge nccessary and expedient; and if, as in this
case, he has recommended the raising of a mili-
tary force of particular numbers, shall we say,
in the exercise of our imaginations, that, per-
chance, the force is too small, and that we will
increase it. Is that a safe or usual rule of legis-
lator!? Not so; our function is to legislate, not
upon mere conjectures or suppositions, but upon
ascertained or probable facts.
Distrust! When the Piesident has asked Con-
gress to increase the force recommended by him
to be raised, and I refuse to do so, it will be time
enough to talk about distrust! Besides, sir, I
must be permitted to act upon my own judgment
and sense of propriety. It does not remain for
me to define my position in regard to this war, at
this late day. Early foreseeing it, I sounded the
tocsin of alarm, and warned the country and the
Government to prepare for it. I am at all times
ready to vote men and money to carry it on upon
a scale calculated to insure our success. I am
prepared to do that; but let me, at the same time,
say that I propose to hold the Executive respons-
ible for the due and successful use of the men and
money voted. Does the gentleman object to that?
It is the gentleman who would seem to distrust
the President and his ministers, and not I. In
this instance I have taken their recommendation
as a basis of legislation. The gentleman would
seem to repudiate it. His action would seem to
reproach the Executive with a want of informa-
tion—for making a recommendation which would
mislead us and compromise the success and honor
of our arms. I do not do so. I do not assume
to be better informed upon this subject than the
Commander-in-Chief who is charged, under the
Constitution, with conducting the war, and who
must be responsible for its success. Butenough,
perhaps too much, on this point.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, approaching this question in a spirit of
candor, objects to my amendment upon the ground
that if Congress should refuse the increase of the
regular Army asked for by the Executive, the
four hundred thousand volunteers might not be
enough. My answer to this objection is first, that
if Congress should refuse the increase of the reg-
ular Army they would doubtless supply volun-
teers in equal numbers in lieu of regulars; and
second, that there is no.present probability of a
refusal of the proposed increase of the regular
Army. What are facts? The House has already,
by an overwhelming majority, voted money .to
raise and support the proposed increase, and I
think the indications are unmistakable that the
Senate will concur in our action. I have been
drawn into a party debate unexpectedly. I have
said more than I intended to say. I yield, the
floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment to the amendment offefed
by my colleague, [Mr. McKnight,] and I am
also opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McCleknand.] I want this
bill to stand just as it was reported by the com-
mittee. I have confidence in this Administra-
tion. I have confidence in the old chieftain at
the head of our Army, who is directing and gov-
erning and controlling the war movements. J do
not believethey will expend a dollar more money
or bring a man more into the field than is neces-
sary. But I want to say to them that we want
this rebellion put down; that down it must go;
and when the President tells us that he wants
at least four hundred thousand men and at least
^400,000,000, we should give him that, and a fur-
ther fund to draw from if it shall be required.
Now let us vote five hundred thousand men and
§500,000,000, and look to the Administration to
put down this rebellion, and thus restore peace
and prosperity to our country.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, I am in
favor of voting any number of men and any
amount of money to support and defend and main-
tain this Government, but I am not in favor of
voting more than is necessary. I hope gentlemen
will not oppose an amendment which is so entirely
reasonable as this is. The amendment simply pro-
poses to bring down the appropriation to the rec-
ommendation of the President in his message. It
proposes to give all that the Government has
thought proper to ask.
Now, sir, I am in favor, decidedly and uncon-
ditionally, of sustaining, defending, and support-
ing this Government—the best Government the
world ever saw, the last hope of free government
upon this continent; but, at the same time, Iamnot
in favor of what is termed southern subjugation.
I understand this measure to be framed for the
purpose ofdefendingand supporting,this Govern-
ment; and to the extent that it may be necessary
to give support and defense to this Government
by voting men and money, ! and my constituents
are ready to go. But surely we ought not to an-
ticipate the recommendations of the Government
itself. The President has told us in his message
that all he desires and all that will be necessary,
in any possible contingency, will be four hundred
thousand men and $400,000,000. Now, surely
when we grant all that the Government asks,
gentlemen ought to be satisfied. I do not under-
stand that a solitary member has yet taken upon
himself to say that more than four hundred thou-
sand men are necessary—not one. If such neces-
sity exists, I beg that gentlemen will enlighten us
and show us the grounds of that necessity. While,
then, I stand pledged to my constituents to give
for the>>suppoi't and defense of this Government
all that is necessary; beyond what is necessary I
cannot vote a man or a cent.
I ask again, if any gentleman can say that more
men are needed than the President has called for ?
I hope, thsn, gentlemen will yield to this reason-
able amendment, which comes up to the entire
necessities of*the case. The Government have
made an estimate of the number of men that will
be needed; and, in making it, they have doubt-
less taken into consideration every possible con-
tingency. I am ready to vote for that number of
men because I suppose it to be necessary, or that
it may become necessary. But I cannot suppose
that more is necessary, and gentlemen cannot say
that more is necessary. I hope the amendment
may prevail, and that we will bring down the
number of men to four hundred thousand. That,-
I think, is all that gentlemen can expect of us,
especially in the peculiar attitude that we occupy
coming from Kentucky. But, though we come
from Kentucky, we represent upon this flo'or as
loyal a set of Union men as are to be found in any
part of the United States—men who would peril
their all to sustain this Government, but men who
would not vote one dollar or one man more than
