THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RITES, WASHINGTON,' D; C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 15, 1861,
New Series 7§o.% ;
first addressed the committee, it is his frankness
and candor. He does not conceal his purpose
here* He tells us, in response to my colleague
from Kentucky, [Mr, Harding,] who says that
Kentucky, or at least his constituents and him-
self, are ready to vote men and money for the
purpose of defending the Government, of vindi-
cating the Constitution, and of preserving the
Union, but th-at they will not vote one dollar for
subjugation—the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
say, tells my colleague, and tells the country,
that it is the purpose of the eighteen northern
States to reduce the southern States to abject
submission.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to correct him.
Mr. BURNETT. CeFtainly; if it does not
cotiic out of my time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I believe my remark was—
at least I intended thatit should be—this: that our
intentions are to bring the disloyal to submission
or acquiescence. X understand that to mean sub-
mission to the binding obligation of the laws.
That is what I mean. Whether it shall be neces-
sary to go further than that, is for the gentlemen
'who occupy the position of rebellion to determ-
ine.
Mr. BURNETT. I quoted the gentleman lit-
erally. I wrote his words down at the time, and
other gentlemen around me wrote them down.
What else? The gentleman told this House
and the country thatit might be necessary to make
the wheels of this war run so deep that the prints
would be left for a century to come. Now, sir,
how any man of intelligence, how any man upon
this door who has been an observer of what has
occurred since we reached here,can foramoment
entertain a doubt as to what are the purposes and
objects of these appropriations and this immense
number of men that are to be called into the field,
is to me passing strange. Half a million men—a
hundred thousand more than the President asks
for; appropriations to be made at the called ses-
sion of Congress amounting to more than seven
hundredand twenty-five million dollars! Nothing
like it has been seen in the history of modern
times. It has no parallel; and, sir, the man who
doubts that the object of this war is for the sub-
jugation of these States and to hold ihem by mil-
itary government, is, to my mind, exceedingly
dull of comprehension. No man can doubt it, m
my judgment.
Now, sir, it has been my purpose, and it shall be
my studied purpose, to have no conflict with my
colleagues fiom Kentucky upon this floor, in re-
gard to our action here. It has been thrown in
my face time and again, that i do not represent
the sentiments of Kentucky. Sir, I do not stand
here professing to speak the sentiments of Ken-
tucky-, but 1 say to my colleagues here, to-day,
that Kentucky has no sympathy, if we may judge
by her past action, and the voice of her people as
spoken through her constituted authorities, in a
war which looks to the subjugation of the south-
era States. Let me tell gentlemen here again, that
I represent, and profess to represent upon this
floor my own sentiments, and I am responsible
to my constituents for them. I do not know what
the sentiments of Kentucky are; but I ask my
colleagues to look at the action of that State in
this controversy up to the present time. The
Executive of this Government called upon the
Governor of Kentucky to furnish troops at the
commencement of tins war, for the purpose, as it
was then given out, of the defense of this capital
and for the maintenance of the constitutional au-
thorilieseven here. Then,sir, our Legislature was
in session. The Governor of Kentucky responded
that Kentucky would not furnish men, and that
response was indorsed by the almost unanimous
vote of the popular branch of the Legislature. It
Wcis acquiesced in by all parties in the State.
Well, sir, what else? On the 1st day of Jan-
uary last, when the act of secession had fmen ac-
complished by all the now seceded States, with
the exception of Virginia, North Carolina, Ark-
ansas, and Tennessee, when their revolutionary
purpose had been accomplished, the party which
elected my colleagues to*seats upon this floor
held a solemn convention in the city of Louis-
ville; and there, the representatives of that party
of the State of Kentucky, including some of the
distinguished gentlemen now holding seats upon
this floor, declared, by a series of resolutions,
what were the sentiments of the people of Ken-
tucky. And what were those resolutions? They
declared opposition to the policy of coercion.
They declared that whenever a war was com-
menced for the purpose of subjugation, it was the
duty of the people of Kentucky to resist it with
arms in their hands. This, sir, was not my party;
li was not the language of my party*, but it was
the language of the Union party of the State of
Kentucky.
And let me say here, when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania last up [Mr. Campbell] says
that he will spare the Union men, the loyal men,
of Kentucky, that there are no other men in Ken-
tucky but loyal and true men. Let me tell him
that there are no other men there; and that when
Kentucky comes to act in her capacity as aState,
when her voice shall determine what her course
shall be, she will be a unit; she will act together
as one man; and I trust in God she may be saved,
as I, one of her Representatives, have labored
most industriously to save her, from the horrors
of civil war.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, how many troops from
his State have been mustered into the confederate
army ?
Mr. BURNETT. I want to save my State
from the horrors of civil war. When the gentle-
men who are the representatives of the Union
party in Kentucky placed that State in the posi-
tion of neutrality which is denounced in such
strong terms by the President of the United States
—declared even to be disunion itself—I, as one
of the citizens of Kentucky, yielded my acqui-
escence in that position, and was ready to stand
by it. It was my hope that Kentucky might be
permitted to maintain that position. I had no
agency in putting her in it; but, sir, I repeat that
I was ready to stand by her, as one of her citi-
zens, when she was placed there. These aic
matters of record. I never entered into any dis-
pute or question with my colleagues. They can-
not be denied, for they are facts recorded in our
history. They are recorded as the acts and deeds
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. So far as
I know, they have not been reversed by the ac-
tion of her people; and further, to show gentlemen
the state or feeling in Kentucky, I point to the
fact that the troops which have been called for
by the Government have been refused. Nor, sir,
have the people of that State yet responded in any
locality to the call for troops to join the Federal j
Army in carrying on this war.
Mr. Chairman, I want to save my State from
the horrors of an internecine war. I have no
heart for this war. One of my colleagues told
me that I sympathized with these people in the
South. Is it strange that I should sympathize
with men now living upon the soil of old Virginia
who have in their veins the same blood thatcourses
through my own ? Is it remarkable that, when
there are between me and those men the strongest
tiesof blood, I should desiie to doall in my power
to save them from the horrors of war?
My friend from Illinois [Mr. McClerstand]
yesterday asked me how I proposed to settle this
question? I desire succinctly to reply to that
question. My venerable colleague, [Mr. Crit-
tenden >] at the last session of Congress, ottered
propositions which required no surrender of prin-
ciple on the part of our biethren of the North*—
none at all, sir—and he pressed them earnestly
upon the attention of the Semite. He said then
that unless something like his propositions was
passed, and passed soon, these troubles would
befall us. Yof his proportions and his words met
with no response from the other side, or from the
great North, liis vordi were unlistcned tos and
his propositions were voted down. Let me tell
gentlemen'that the South have only asked for
constitutional guarantees. They asked for them
when all the States were represented in this Hall.
The' man called the arch traitor, now president
of the southern confederacy, upon the floor*of
the Senate declared that if the North would give
the South a proposition like that offered by my
colleague, and so said his secretary of State, then
this revolution would cease.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate has ceased
on this bill.
Mr.McCLERNAND. When Mr. Davis made
the remark referred to, the gentleman and the,
House know that South Carolina had declared
she could never be brought back into the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr, McKnight's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. COX demanded tellers on Mr. McCler-
nand's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. VanWkk,
and Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers having
reported only forty-seven in the affirmative.
Mr. CURTIS, I move to strikeout the words
" not exceeding three years." I move the amend-
ment merely for the purpose of improving the bill.
In the revolutionary war it became necessary to
call for volunteers during the war. In my judg-
ment, that would be a better way to call out vol-
unteers now. I see no reason why we should
limit the time to one, two, or three years. If we
are to have an Army*, the longer they are retained
while the war lasts the better for the Government.
It ought, indeed, to be raised for the war, for then
we will save the expense of repeated enrollments.
The amendment was rejected.
; Mr. VALLANDIG EIAM. I offer the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, jurtficr, That before the President shall have
the right to call out any more volunteers than are already
iu tire service, he shall appoint seven commissioners, whose
mission shall be to accompany the Army on its march, to
receive and consider Mich propositions, if any, as may at
at>y time he submitted from the executive of the so-called
confederate States, or of any one of them, looking to a sus-
pension of hostilities and the return of said States, or any
one ot them, to the Union, and to obodience to the Federal
Constitution and authoiity.
Mr. Chairman, I do not rise to debate this ques-
tion at length—the hour for that discussion has
not yet comr:—but simply to remind gentlemen
on both sides of the House that when, four years
ago, the obscure afid far-distant Territory of Utah,
with less than one hundred thousand inhabitants,
and insignificant in power and resources, was in
armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, the President appointed two com-
missioners to accompany the Army upon a like
mission of generous forbearance and humanity.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order
that the amendment is irrelevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. VALLANDTG-HAM. 1 rise simply to
remind the House of that significant fact, and to
inquire whether, if, in a case like that, where the
lives and fortunes of a people so few, so insig-
nificant, and so odious in their manners and their
institutions, were concerned, this great and pow-
erful Government thought it becoming, in a spirit
of justice and moderation, to send commissioners
to accompany, and indeed to precede, the Army
on its march, for tho purpose of receiving prop-
ositions of submission and of return to obedience
to the authority of the Federal Government, we
ought not now, in this great revolution—-this great
rebellion, if you prefer the word—to exhibit some-
what also of the same spirit of moderation and for-
bearance; and while the legislative department is
engaged in voting hundreds of thousands of men
and hundreds of millions of dollars, we ought
not, bearing the sword in one hand, to go forth
with the olive branch in the other?
I offer the amendment in good faith, and for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there be such a
disposition in the House. For my own part, sir,
while I would not in the beginning have given a
