98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
dollar or a man to commence this war, I am will-
ing—now that we are in the midst of it without
any act of ours—to vote just as many men and
just as much money as may be necessary to de-
fend and protect the Federal Government. It
would be both treason and madness now to dis-
arm the Government, in the presence of an enemy
of two hundred thousand men in the field against
it. But I will not vote millions of men and money
blindly, for bills interpreted by the message, and
in speeches on this floor, to mean bitter and
relentless hostility to and subjugation of the
South. It is against an aggressive and invasive
-warfare that I raise my vote and voice. 1 desire
not to be misunderstood. 1 would suspend hos-
tilities for present negotiation, to try the temper of
the South—the Union men, at least, of the South.
But as the war is upon us, there must be an army
in the field; there must be money appropriated to
maintain it; but I will give no more of men and
no more of money than is necessary to keep that
army in position, and ready to strike, until it
can be ascertained whether there is a Union sen-
timent in the South,and whether there be indeed
any real and sober and well-founded disposition
among the people of those States to return to the
Union and to their obedience to the authority of
this Government. I trust that this amendment
will receive that consideration which I believe it
justly deserves.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, from the fact
that it will be holding out to those men who are
occupying a rebellious attitude, a reward for their
treason 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One question, by
the gentleman's permission. I ask him whether
he is opposed to the return of those States which
have seceded from the Union?
Mi". WRIGHT. 1 am not opposed to the return
of those States which have seceded from the
Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One question fur-
ther. if they desire to return without lighting,
without striking another blow, I ask the gentle-
man if he intends that they shall be made to fight
and compelled to stand up and receive our cannon
shot, anu the edge of our swords, and the points
of our bayonet, whether they resist or not?
Mr. WRIGHT. When those gentlemen now
fighting under the standard of rebellion lay down
their arms  
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Th at is a case
clearly within my lesolution.
Mr. WRIGHT. And sue for peace, and sur-
render their leaders, then I am for peace. [Great
applause in the galleries.")
The CHAIRMAN. 'The Chair will order the
galleries to be cleared if they ugam violate the
decorum of the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call upon the Chair to
enforce the rules of the House. This applause
is repeated every dajr, after it has been repeatedly
announced that if it is renewed the galleries will
be cleared. I nowask that the rules of thg House
be enforced, and that the galleries be cleared, the
ladies' galleries excepted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
state that this is the first occasion of the kind
since lie has been in the chair, and he trusts it
will be the last. He will forbear enforcing the
rules of the House this time, believing that the
galleries will not again violate the rules and de-
corum of this body.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is not my purpose, Mr.
Chairman, nor my object, to carry on against,
these .southern seceding States a war of aggres-
sion. It is not my purpose that it shall be re-
garded as a war of subjugation. Hut the mission
of the Army of the loyal States south, is to de-
fend the integrity of this Government and main-
tain the unsullied honor of its flag; not to rob
southern men of their property; not to interfere
in any way with the negro question; and so long
as the object and destiny of that Army, in march-
ing forward, is to preserve the integrity of the
Union, 1 am opposed to any proposition of peace
while these men hold arms in their hands and
maintain their attitude of hostility. And such I
believe to be the sentiment of the loyal men of the
North, or the loyal men of the North and South.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have heard a great deal
said, since I have been here, within this Hall, and
out of this Hall, about peace. I want to see no
peace that is to be established upon the overthrow
and disintegration of the Republic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WRIGHT. I have not occuped five min-
utes or three minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The time has expired,
and the gentleman can only proceed by unani-
mous consent. [Criesof " Goon !"] The Chair
hears no objection. *
A Voice. For five minutes only,
Mr. WRIGHT. It is too late; no restriction
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to proceed for five minutes, as we are acting
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. WRIGHT. 'No such terms of pcace will
I vote to accept or entertain. I agree with the
gentleman from Ohio entirely, that when our
army marched into Mexico, as also into the
Territory of Utah, there were, as I understand
it, commissioners appointed by the Government
to go with that army. But I now confine my
remarks to the army of Mexico. Why did we
send* commissioners with that army? Because
that was a conflict between nations. The war
which is being wagedin the United States now is
a war waged by members of our own household.
With regard to the case of Utah, the gentleman
from Ohio asks how it was there. It is true that
Utah, at that time, was a Territory, and perhaps
there would be some similarity between that case
and the present. But in this domestic war which
is being waged upon the part of members of our
own household, I think it behooves the General
Government to attempt, at least, to exert its power
to dictate terms to them. They are not aware, I
presume, of whntthoy have already done; neither
do I believe that these men engaged in this wicked
rebellion know not only what lias been accom-
plished, but the position they actually occupy.
Why, sir, through the whole northern and east-
ern portions of the United States, hundreds and
thousands of men who have spent a long life in
procuring the means of subsistence and comfort,
and who regarded themselves as rich and inde-
pendent, aie, to-day, in consequence of this foul
treason on the part of the southern States, candi-
dates for the poor-house. Who has caused and
produced all that suffering, and who is to atone
for it? Throughout the whole country.you find
all kinds of business at an end; you find com-
merce suspended ;*you find the doors of the manu-
factories closed; you find all handicraft woik
abandoned; and you find want and famine march-
ing over the land. Who has produced all this?
These men of the seceding States who have risen
up and attempted to stiike down the Government.
Now when tliey come to us and ask terms for
these unholy and unrighteous acts, 1 am willing
to say to them that we will take your terms into
consideration when you lay down your arms and
abandon the project of a southern confederacy;
that then we will treat with you, and not before.
The offenses have been too severe and too great,
that have been committed upon the part of'these
southern secessionists to go unpunished.
Now, sir, I do not want it understood that I
advocate what is regarded ns the subjugation of
these men—that is, that we want to* hold their
country as conquered territory; but 1 tell you,
sir, what I do believe is the duty of this great
Government: it is to send our Army there that
patriotic men may breathe in the rear of it, if
they cannot breathe in the front of it. [" Good !"
" Good!"] Wherever that Army has advanced,
you find ihe Union sentiment is poimitted to live
and thrive and flourish. How is it in i cgard to
noithwestern Virginia? Wefind her Represent-
atives upon this floor to-day. To whatevei point
this army of occupation has advanced, wherever
they have permitted the sfais and stripes to be
unfurled, wehave a representation m tins House,
and soon will have a representation upon the floor
of the Senate. If northwestern Virginia had been
under the flag of secession, would there have been
a representation fiom that State in either of the
two Houses to-day? No, sir. The kind of sub-
jugation about which I wish to speak is the sub-
jugation of traitors, m order that patriots may
live, and in order that the benefits of our laws
and institutions shall prevail. If the gentleman
from Ohio calls that subjugation, I tell him 1 am
in favor of such subjugation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUTCH1NS moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word to,'"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " see that
the war is vigorously prosecuted, to the effectual
puttingdown ofthisrebel!ion;"so that the amend-
ment shall read:
Provided further, That before tire President shall have
the right to*call out any more volunteers ihan are already
in the service, lie shall appoint seven commissioners, whose
mission it shall tie to see that the war is vigorously prose-
cuted, to the effectual putting down of this rebellion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Ia it in order to
amend that?
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would remind
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the elec-
tions in western Virginia were held prior to the
armed occupation to which he has referred.
Now, sir, I am opposed to the amendment of
my colleague. If he would add what I would
move to add, if it were in order, the character of
it—I will not say the atrocity of it, for that would
probably be out of order—would be well under-
stood, " to prosecute the war vigorously against
unresisting men who are asking peace upon the
terms of a return to the authority of the Consti-
tution and of this Government." That is what
his amendment means, and it means nothingelse.
If it were in order I should characterize it in the
language which it deserves; but I will not vio-
late the proprieties of the House. The commit-
tee can do just as they see fit in regard to these
questions. I have made the proposition to go
upon the record, to remain there, and be read
hereafter, and read by the people throughout the
States of this Union, and pondered by them.
The question was taken on Mr. Hutchin-s's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes fourty-four, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Vallandigham's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Roscoe
Conkling and Alley weie appointed.
The committee proceeded to divide; and the
tellers reported twenty-one votesin theaffirmative.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 will not insist
on a count of the other side; but I hope gentlemen
will give us a voteon the amendment by yeas and
nays m the House. [Cries of " Oh, no!"]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to insert after the word
"major," in the ninth line of section two, the
words " to be elected by the officers and privates
of the regiment." I offer that amendment because,
while this bill provides for officers, it makes pro-
vision only for the appointment of officers of the
grade ofgencrai and chaplain. There would seem,
perhaps, to have been an oversight on the part
of the committee who prepared the bill, and I offer
this amendment more with a view of calling at-
tention to this seemingomission than for any othei
purpose. There would seem to be no power any-
where for the creation of these officers. There is,
obviously, no such power in the War Department
in the absence of legislative provision, and there
seems to be no authority for the election of these
officers. I therefore offer this amendment, and,
unless some other gentleman does it, I shall offer
a similar amendment in reference to each grade of
officer mentioned in this section.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, it
is true, as stated by the gentleman from Ohio,
that neither the President nor the Secretary of
War has authority to appoint these officers, un-
less the power is given them by this act. But we
leave the subject where it stands at present, and
the officers of these regiments will be appointed
under the laws of the different States precisely as
at present. In some States these officers are
elected by the soldiers themselves. In other States
the Governors have the appointment of the chief
officers, and the company officers are elected by
the privates. The bill leaves the power where it
| now rests, with the States and under the laws of
' the States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to strike out as follows:
''And that they fhall he formed bv the Piesident into
regiments ol mlanity, with the exception ot such numbers
for cavalry and atnlloiy he may diieet, not to exceed
the proportion of one company of* eaeli of tho^c arms to
every regiment of intaiitry, and to be organized as in the
regular service."
