1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Such force to be organized into companies and squad-
rons, or legiments, ot other buWivisions?, as the Fre&ident
may dnoet, and officered according to the laws of the
States* luinishing such volunteers: Provided, That when
any State authorities have refused, or shall refuse or neglect,
to furnish such volunteers when so called upon, the Pres-
ident may receive, organize, and officer &uch troops accoid-
ingto the rules and regulations which the President may
prescribe.
The object of this amendment is to meet the
very poirit made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Riddle.] There is a great discrepancy in
the manner of organizing and arranging volunteer
forces, and some general principle should be
adopted. This amendment proposes that the
power shall remain where, as the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has stated, it is
now—in the States; but it also provides a mode
by which it shall be uniform throughout the Uni-
ted States. I can see no earthly objection to a
rule like this, that the Governmentof the United
States shall say whether the force shall be organ-
ized into companies, squadrons, battalions, or
regiments, leaving to the States the appointment
of officers. Where the State authorities have
refused or neglected to furnish the force called for,
then the question arises, how the troops from
such States are to be officered; and some rule or
practice shoflld be adopted on the subject. In the
State of Missouri, forces are being received and
mustered into the service of the United States as
companies. I think authority ought to be given
to the President to receive companies, and then,
when they are organized into battalions or regi-
ments, they must be officered by some rule.
Where the Governor of a State runs away, as
the Governor of Missouri has done, some other
authority must officer the forces, and it becomes
necessary that we should prescribe some rule
upon the subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Iowa to the clause
of the Constitution which provides that Congress
shall have power to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval forces.
The President certainly has no power to prescribe
them, and it strikes me that his amendment is in
conflict with this provision of the Constitution.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not think so.
The CHAIRMAN. Wo further debate is in
order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I propose to add, in the eleventh
line, the words "one commissary,a lieutenant."
As regiments are to be organized under the bill,
as it now stands, there is allowed one quarter-
master, a lieutenant. My amendment proposes
to add one commissary, a lieutenant. The du-
ties of a'quartermaster, as is well known to all
familiar with the organization of the Army, relate
entirely to the movement and the quartering of
troops. The commissary has to provide the food.
The duties are entirely different, and in the reg-
ular Army are always kept separate. In the Mex-
ican war we had quartermasters and commissa-
ries. I can see no objection to keeping the duties
separate in the volunteer service, as they are in
the regular service. Tins amendment will add
nothing to the expense, because these officers are
taken from the lieutenants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to insert, in the six-
teenth line, after the words "second lieutenant,"
the words "one third lieutenant."
Mr. Chairman, I have offered no amendment
more necessary than this. In the regular Army
there are generally three lieutenants to a com-
pany. The third one is called a brevet second
lieutenant; but all the drill and all the movements
of the Army—the latest additions made by the
Secretary of War—seem to require this third lieu-
tenant. In the volunteer service, where compa-
nies run up as high as a hundred and a hundred
and ten men, there is the more necessity of this
third lieutenant.
In the Mexican war, after some time, there
were three lieutenants allowed to each company.
Certainly it is necessary now. If it were not, I
would not ask for the increase. We want no
burden of officers; but those which are necessary
to the general police and regularity of the com-
panies, we do want, and must have. Resides, the
adjutant, the quartermaster, the commissary, and
many others, are always taken from the lieuten-
ants, so that the companies are generally desti-
tute of a sufficient number of officers. I hope,
therefore, that this third lieutenant will be added.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa that, if his amendment pre-
vails, it will be necessary to fix the amount of
pay of these third lieutenants.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman rise
to oppose the amendment ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. Yes; unless it is amended
as I suggest.
Mr. CURTIS. ^ Well; say with the same pay
as brevet second lieutenants.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Then I am in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The brevet second
lieutenant in the regular Army is simply put there
to have some place to stow away these young
cadets as they come from West Point. They are
not needed. The multiplication of officers is a
multiplication of expense without any sort of ne-
cessity; and I trust the amendment will be voted
down.
The amendment of Mr. Curtis was rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by inserting
four assistant surgeons instead of one assistant
surgeon. In the British service there is one as-
sistant surgeon for every ninety-seven men, when
the army is in active service. This amendment,
if adopted, will leave to each surgeon the care of
two hundred men. Much of the loss in our Army
i^ occasioned by the want of medical and surgical
aid. In active service the loss from this cause is
as five to one. I propose this as a matter of pre-
caution, for our Army is to be in active service
from this time forward, as I trust.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that the vote
on the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis,] by which a commissary was in-
serted, be reconsidered.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri,that the House can vote down
the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Very well. I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the last line
of the section, by striking out " eighty-two " and
inserting " one hundred,"so as to make the com-
panies consist of one hundred men. My object
is to have companies at least one hundred strong.
I think it would be better to have them still
stronger. In the regular sen-vice their strength
is one hundred and one, I believe. The maxi-
mum here is eighty-two, corresponding with the
call; but there is no objection to its being one
hundred. The officers of companies would gen-
erally prefer their being one hundred strong; and
most armies in the world are now adopting that
number. I hope it will be adopted in our volun-
teer service.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The eighty-two pri-
vates provided for, with the five sergeants and
eight corporals, and other subordinate officers,
make an aggregate of one hundred and one men
to each company. A larger company than that
is unwieldy; and I trust the number will not be
increased.
The question was taken on Mr. Cuiitis's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. D1VEN. I move to amend the fourth sec-
tion, by adding, after the word 44 six," the fol-
lOwing:
To be selected from'persons educated at the Military
Academy at West Point, 01 from persona who have served
in the tegular Army not ie^s than five years.
So that it will read:
Sec. 4. be it further encirtci, That the President
shall be authouzed to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent ot the Senate, tor the command of the foiccs pro-
vided foi in tins act, a number of major generals, not ex-
ceeding MX, to be selected from pcij-ons educated at the
Military Academy at West Point, or from peisons who have
reived "in ihe regular Armv not los« than five years, and a
number of hrigadiei genetals, not i'voredms: eighteen, and
the other divir-ion and brigade officers icquired toi the or-
ganization o! thet-e forces except t.ie aide—de-camp, who
bh.ili be selected b> their ic-spi ctivc generals from the sub-
altern officers of tlie Army or volunteer coips.
Mr. Chairman, it is undoubtedly within the
knowledge of the House that we have now out of
service men educated at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, men who have distinguished themselves
in service, who are set aside, while civilians'are
placed in the command of our armies." I desire
that this Army shall be made as efficient as it' is
possible to make it. I desire that this rebellion
shall be put down by the smallest expenditure of
hurhan life with which it is possib!e<to put it down;
and I know no better protection to the life of ihe
soldier than skill in the officer. While -we have
officers thus educated and thus skilled, shall we
imperil the lives of our gallant volunteers by sub-
jecting them to the misjudgment of unskillful
officers;
. While on this subject, sir, I wish to make one
passing remark—a thing which is entirely un-
usual with me, for I am accustomed to speak only
to the particular point which 1 wish to enforce.
The inquiry has been made: " why is such an
army as this being mustered, if not for the sub-
jugation of rebellious States?" I wish to do all in
my power to quiet the apprehensions of any man
here with reference to any designs of this Gov-
ernment on the rights of the States. I wish to
say—and I think my knowledge of the sentiments
of the North enables me to speak correctly—that
there is no such sentiment to any extent prevail-
ing.
The.CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. DIVEN. I was giving my reasons for
desiring an efficiep t Arm y. I believe that efficiency
of the Army requires efficient officers. We want
an Army officered by efficient men to put down this
rebellion—officered by intelligent educated men
who will know when they are trespassing on the
rights of States, and who will confine their duties
to conquering enemies. That is why I want our
Army intelligently officered. Let me. tell you that,
it is just as fatal to the Constitution and to the
liberties of the country to subjugate a State as it
is for a State to rebel. It matters not whether the
Union of these States is destroyed by the Gov-
ernment taking away the rights of a State, or by
a State usurping the rights of the Government.
There is not a whit of difference. When this re-
bellion shall be over, South Carolina, the worst of
the rebel States, will be South Carolina still, with
all the rights which Massachusetts has, or else
the Constitution is at an end, and human freedom
too.
Let no man fear the mission of this Army. It
is to maintain the integrity of the Constitution,
and not to Irample on the rights of States. Those
rights must be inviolate forever, or the whole of
this fair fabric of the Union must crumble to
pieces.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me, sir, to return
my thanks 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky rise to oppose the amendment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes, sir, pro hac vice. I
do so by thanking the gentleman,who is a stran-
ger to me—but I understand he comes from north
of Mason and Dixon's line—not only for the
amendment he has offered, but for the sentiments
he has avowed. The only security against dis-
union is the preservation of the Constitutioivand
the observance of the rights of States and individ-
uals. Therefore you ought to have intelligent
officers at the head of your regiments and of your
brigades. I am against political generals as much
as I am against political preachers.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the proposed amendment,
as_ follows:
Or who shall have,by actual service in war, shown effi-
ciency and capacity for such command.
I am gratified, Mr. Chairman, that the amend-
ment has been proposed which is now pending
before the committee; and I hope thatafter it shall
have been properly guarded and protected, it will
be adopted by the committee and the SHouse. It
will be seen that the only object of the amend-
ment which I propose is to admit to these import-
ant appointments a class of persons of undoubted
capacity, who would otherwise be excluded; for,
if I remember correctly the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, it requires these ap*
pomtments to be made from persons who have
been in the service for at least three years, or who
have graduated at the Military Academy at West
Point. I say, therefore, I consider that the amend-
ment, in the form in which the gentleman offered
it, unintentionally limits the discretion of the
Executive to an unnecessary extent. Some rule
