102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
letters, excepting, perhaps,"Colonel Coetis's regi-
ment of Iowa troops
Mr. Van Wyck's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. Colfax's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
following proviso, to come in at the end of the
bill:
Provided, homelier, That" the military force hereby pro-
vided for in this net, shall not he employed in subjugating
and holding as a conquered province any sovereign State
now or latety one of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. That amendment is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT. With all due deference to
the gentleman from Illinois, it is not out of order.
"We have various precedents of limitations upon
appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Not in appropriation
bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will state his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My point of order is,
that this amendment is out of order upon this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr, BURNETT. I do not wish to take up
time in speech-making. I merely ask a vote on
that amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COVODE. I offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 12. Jlml be it further enacted, That a bonus of thirty
dollars will be paid to cach of the three-months volunteers
on then- reenhsling for the war, and that an additional
bonus often dollars to each volunteer be paid where they
reenlist, by companies; and, also, that an additional bonus
often dollars to eacll volunteer be paid wheniliey let'nlist
by regiments, making the bonus jn the latter ease fifty dol-
lars.
I wish to say a word only with regard to the
advantage to the Government where volunteers
reenlist by regiments, and even by companies.
It saves the expense of transporting the troops
home, and also the expense of raising and equip-
ping new troops in different localities and bringing
them here, feeding them and drilling them for
three months before they are fit for service. I
offer this; amendment after conference willi parties
who fully understand the subject; and I hope it
will be adopted.
Mr. NOBLE. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania:
Sec. h3. Tu all cases where the person entering the stir-
vice under this act shall have previously enteicd tile ser-
vice under the proclamation of the President, of April luM,
ior tile term of three months, such person, 'or his heirs, as
the case may be, shall receive, In addition to the bounty
allowed by this act, the further sum of tilteeu dollars.
I would merely say, in reference to thutumend-
ment, that I do notperceive tin1 advantage spoken
of by the gentleman from.Pennsylvania. I do
not think there will be any difficulty in getting
an abundance of men, tinder any provision what-
ever; but my amendment will give to all volun-
teers who have entered tlie service for three months
an inducement to reenlist.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not under-
stand that the gentleman's amendment proposes
any bounty to the three-months men who re-
enlist.
Mr. NOBLE. Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I oppose theamend-
ment; I prefer the one offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
The SPEAKER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, m order to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs what is the pay per
month of soldiers as fixed by this bill ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Eleven dollars, and
S3 50 in addition for clothing.
The SPEAKER. Making §14 50.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
one question. It is this: when the pay of a sol-
dier in the regular Army is eleven dollars per
month, clothing is furnished by the Government
—is it not ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. When the pay is
eleven dollars?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Yes, eleven dollars a
month.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The soldier is
charged for the clothing he gets.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is a monthly allow-
ance of $2 50.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then this bill increases
the allowance for clothing one dollar per month,
making it $3 50, instead of $2 50.
Mr. Noble's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania:
Sec. 1Q. Jlnd be it ^further enacted, That a bounty of
fifty dollars shall be paid to each soldier of the three-months
volunteers who shall reenlist in the scrvice of the United
States.
Mr. Chairman, I would very cheerfully vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, if I regarded it as practicable; but I do
not believe that you can reenlist any regiment as
a regiment, or that you can reenlist any company
as a company. I therefore prefer to offer to each
soldier, without any embarrassment, fifty dollars
on reenlistment.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Indiana one question. Thisbili proposes to give
the three-years volunteers a bounty of $100. I
desire to ask the gentleman if he proposes to give
the three-months men who reenlist fifty dollars in
addition to the $100.
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAKE. Well, I am in favor of that.
The amendment to the amendment way dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following, as an
amendment to the amendment:
Arid to the amendment as follows:
And each volunteer who shall have enlisted for three
months, and heen, or Muill be, honorably discharged on the
cvpii.iti'iu of hi* leim of beiviee, shall leeeive a bonus ot
twenty live dollais.
The amendment to the-amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Covode *s amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawks> reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
hud had under consideration bill (If. R. No. 28)
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid
in supporting and defending the Government of
the United States, and had directed him to report
the same to the llouse, with sundry amendments,
and with a recommendation that it do pass.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
agieed to.
The question being on the second amendment,
Mr. VALLANDI'GIIAM. I move now the
amendment which 1 proposed in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, as fol-
lows:
Provukd/urthcr, That, before the President shall have
the !i<4iit to call out any moio volunteers than aie alieady
in the M-iVioo. he ^iiall appoint seven cominihMoaorfc, whose
minion it !>hall be to aecoaip.my the Aiuiy on its march,
to ireeive and eonsidei Mich juopo-itum^ if any, a< may at
any lime be submitted, by the executive of tiie so-called
conirdi rate Plates, or ol any one of them, looking to a
Mi^ponsum of hostilities, and the lenun of said State*, or
any ot them, to the Union, or to obedience to the Federal
Constitution and authorities.
I ask the yeas and nays on that amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I move the previous question
on all the amendments and the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first on Mr. Vallandig-
iiam's amendment.
Mr. YALLANOIGHAM called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. i should have been
glad to have had a vote by yeas and nays on the
record for that great hereafter.
The remaining amendments were agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccordingly
read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed;and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR DOUGLAS.
Mr. LOGAN offered the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the proceed-
ings had by the Senate and House touching the death of the
late Senator Douglas, including the remarks of each House
on that subject, be published for distribution by the mem-
bers.
SUPPRESSION OF REBELLION.
Mr." BINGHAM. I ask that House bill No.
20, to provide for the suppression of rebellion
against, and resistance to, the laws of the United
States, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
it was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at
five o'clock and five minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 13, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, showing
the postal service discontinued under the authority
of the act of Congress approved February 28,
1861; which, on motion of Mr. Collamer, was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNING. I present a petition of in-
habitants of Ctuincy, Illinois, praying the estab-
lishment of an arsenal and armory at that place,
and ask to have it referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which committee I believe has that
subject under consideration.
It was so referred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Mrs. Q,uindaro Nancy Guthrie, a Shawnee
Indian, praying an equal participation with the
Shawnee Indians in all the benefits under the
treaty stipulations with that tribe; which was
referred io the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL presented a petition of cit-
izens of California, praying that a pension may
be granted to the widow of Captain R. B Cun-
ningham, of the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the petition
of John Carter, late a soldier in the service of
the United States, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. As I observe that petitions
and memorials, in relation to armories and other
subjects, are referred now without objection to
the appropriate committees, I &sk that the memo-
rial which I had the honor to present at an early
day of the session in relation to the location of
the Naval Sclrool at Perth Amboy, New Jersey,
may be taken from tlic tabic, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 20) au-
thorizing the appointment of an Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy, and fixing the salary of the
same; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Aifuirs.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 21) for
the relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen, and marines, of the United States sloop-
of-war Levant, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Rep-
resentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (No. 25) making additional appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
