1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL txLOBl;
m
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 186*2, and appropriations for
arrearages for the yearending 30th of June, 1861;
and
A bill (No. 26) making additional appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862,
and appropriations of arrearages for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1861.
Reports from committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a petition of citizens of Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing that a pension may be granted to Clementine
Fink, widow of Captain Theodore Fink, who
died in the military service of the United States,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain Roger Jones,
of the United States armory at Harper's Ferry,
praying the settlement of his accounts and indem-
nity for the loss of his private effects^ and also
that the men of his command may be indemnified
for their losses, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to. _
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 17) con-
cerning the pay of the officers of the revenue cutter
service of the United States, have instructed me
to ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. These officers all being appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Committee on
Commerce, we think, is the appropriate reference.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
petition of Edwaid Jarvis, Samuel G. Howe, and
C. C. Felton, praying the establishment of a board
of health for the Army, and that the authority of
the volunteer sanitary commission may be recog-
nized and increased, reported in favor of printing
the usual number; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 18) making additional appropiiations for the
support of the Aimy for the fiscal year ending
June 20, 1862, and appropriations for arrearages
for the fiscal year ending June 20,1861, reported
it with an amendment, and asked its immediate
consideration; but gave way for the presentation
of the credentials of Senators from Virginia.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from serving on the Committee on Claims. The
Senate will recollect that when the committees
"were formed, my colleague was not here, and had
not been qualified as a member of the Senate. I
wish to resign my position upon the Committee
on Claims, and ask the Senate to substitute my
colleague in my place.
The motion to excuse Mr. Polk was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the vacancy be filled?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done,
if there be no objection. The Chair appoints
Mr. Johnson, of Missouri.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask to lie excused from
serving upon the Committee on Pensions, and I
hope the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Johnson]
will be appointed in my place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves that he be excused from further
service upon the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall this vacancy be filled ?
M r. SAULSBURY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that be the
pleasure of the Senate, the Chair will designate
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Johnson.]
SENATORS FItOM TIllGINIA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is with no
ordinary pleasure that I rise to present the cer-
tificates of the Senators elect from the Common-
wealth of Virginia,forthe purpose of having them
read at the desk;and I move that they be permit-
ted to come forward, be qualified, and take their
seats. I look upon thisasafavor^ble omen. The
return of the Old Dominion to this body, 1 think,
is indicative of future good, a^tJ the future restor-
ation of the Union of these States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be road. /
The A eying Secretary/read them, as follows:
Virginia, to wit: /
The Legislasire of thig'Stateiiaving, on the 9tb day of
July, 1861, in musuartee of the Constitution of tile United
States, chosen Waitj^an T. VVili.ky, Esq., a Senator of
tliis State, to filfv the/vacancy which has happened by the
withdrawal and Vwiication of James M. Mason, Esq., I,
Francis H\ I'lerpom, befng Governor of the Commonwealth,
do hereby certily the same to the Senate of the United
Stales.
r Given under my hand and tiie seal of the Coramon-
S'J wealth, this 11th day of Julv, 1861.
FRANCIS II. PIERPONT.
Virginia, to ivit:
Tiie Legislature of this State having, on the 9th day of
July, 1891, iu pursuance of the Constitution of tlie United
States, chosen John S. Carlit.e, Esq., a Senator oi this
State, to fill ,the vacancy which has happened by the
withdrawal and abdication of Robert M. T. Hunter,-Esq.,
I, Francis H. Pierpont, being Governor of tiie Common-
wealth, do hereby certify the same to the Senate ot the
United States.
r -| Given under my hand and the seal of the Common
l1" s-J wealth, this 9th day of July, 1861.
FRANCIS H. PIERPONT.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the Senate proceeds to
swear in these gentlemen, I beg leave to entermy
protest. 1 think these credentials ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. They
involve very grave questions. You are under-
taking to recognize a government of the State of
Virginia, which is not the regular State govern-
ment, even though that State government maybe
in what you call a state of rebellion. You are
bound to take notice of the fact that Mr. Letcher
is Governor of Virginia, and that his term of
office, under the constitution and laws of Virginia,
has not yet expired. If yeusay he is in rebellion,
that does not authorize a portion of the people of
Virginia to form a Legislature for the purpose of
electing Senators to take seats in this body. You
have no authority to create a new State out of a
part of an existing State. I think the questions
are very grave.
Of course, I know very well that you have the
commanding majority in this House; but I think
you had better pause and have an investigation
before you undertake to swear in members under
such an authoiity. I make the motion, before
swearing in either of these gentlemen, that the
credentials be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I have no personal feeling of any kind
about this matter, but it seems to me tobeagrave
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
and I must enter my protest against it. I make
the motion that the "credentials be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
distinctly hear the motion of the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. My motion is to refer these
credentials to the Committee on the .Judiciary,
before swearing in either of the appointees under
; them, on the ground that you have judicial notice
| of the fact, that the Governor of the State of Vir-
1 ginia is elected for a number of years which have
i not expired, and necessarily the question of au-
j thority in the body that undertakes to appoint, is
| a matter which ought to be inquired into in so
! grave a case as this. The case is precisely similar
: in principle to one that occurred m my own State
' early in the history oftheUnited States. TheGov-
| ernor of the State undertook to make an appoint-
1 ment afterthe Legislature had met and adjourned,
to a vacancy which had occurred antecedent to
the meeting of the Legislature; and when the ap-
pointee presented his credentials here, they were
objected to, and the matter was referred to a com-
mittee; and a report was made on it, and made
adverse to the right of the party to take his seat.
The principle of the case is precisely the same; it
goes to the question of the authority to appoint.
I think it ought to be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to refer the credentials to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is a inatter of indif-
ference to me, sir, what disposition is made of
the credentials of the proposed Senators from
Virginia; but I wish to call "the attention of the
Senate to one fact, which, in my mind, shows the
propriety of the motion now niade,_These cvedetv-
tials, as read by the Secretary-, state that, on the
9th day of July, the Legislature of the Slate .of
Virginia, owing to the abdication of Mr, Mason
and Mr. Hunter, elected these gentlemen -to seats
upon this floor. No longer ago, however, sir,
than yesterday, this body treated Mr, Mason and
Mr. Hunter as members of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. Yesterday you expelled tliosegentie-
men from seats upon the floor of this Senate as
members of the Senate. T,hen, at the time of this
election by the new government of Virginia, there
was no vacancy in the Senate of the United States
from that State, according to the judgment of the
American Senate. Yesterday morning, when you
met, according to the judgment of a majority of
the members here Mr. Mason and Mr. Hunter
were members of this body. You treated them
as members of this body; you exercised your
power of expulsion upon them. Could you have
expelled thersu as members of the Senate, from
seats on this floor, if they were not, at the time
of the vote, in your judgment, actually members
of this body ? If they were, yesterday morning,
members of the Senate of the United States—and
you have treated them assuch,and expelled them—
can you now allow these gentlemen to be sworn
in as Senators from the State of Virginia, when
the credentials presented here show on their face
that they were elected not to fill any vacantsy;
when the facts, as you have decided them, show
that there was no vacancy in the Senate? For
that reason, and for none other, 1 think the
credentials should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the mo-
tion of the Senator from Delaware will not pre-
vail. These certificates from the Commonwealth
of Virgina afford 'prima facie evidence that the
election has taken place regularly, and that these
gentlemen have been regularly certified here as
the Senators from that Commonwealth. Is there
any proof before this body, presented in any. way,
that the election has not taken place regularly,
according to the Constitution of the United States
and of the State of Virginia? The certificates
themselves furnish jirima facie evidence that these
gentlemen are the Senators elect from the Com-
monwealth of Virginia. The other great fact is
equally clear, without regard to what the Senate
did yesterday, that these vacancies did exist on
the 9th of the month, when this election took
place. That fact is known to this body; it is
known to the country. The late Senators from
Virginia were not here. The vacancies did in
fact exist when this election took place.
These are facts within the cognizance of this
body. They aie known to every member here.
Here are the certificates of election of these gen-
tlemen, and there is not a single scintilla of proof
from any quarter that they are not the Senators,
and have not been properly and regularly elected.
There is no one else claiming the seats, no one
making a contest for them. There is not a par-
ticle of evidence from any quarter that these gen-
tlemen are not the Senators elect according to the
forms of law and the Constitution. Wjrfltr
How was it in the case from Indiana? Trore
was a contest about the election of the Senators
from that State a few years ago, and papers were
presented protesting against their election before
they were sworn in. They, however, came for-
ward with their certificates, and were qualified,
and the matter was investigated afterwards. It
strikes my mind that it is clear and conclusive,
upon the proof now before the Senate, that the
gentlemen, whose credentials have been presented,
are the Senators elect from Virginia; and there
can be no objection to their being qualified and
taking their seats. Then, if their seats be con-
tested, or any proof presented that the election
did not regularly take place, the subject can be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, or the
Senate can take such course as it thinks proper.
Why should there be a reference of these creden-
tials, when there is no intimation, no evidence m
the world, except that these gentlemen are Sen-
ators from the State? It is known that the old
State government is in rebellion, making war
upon the Government of the United States. As
it appears to my mind, there can be no reason,
at this stage of the proceeding, why this reference
should be made; and I hope that the Senators
will be permitted to go forward and be qualified,
