1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have merely asked, though, that this subject
should be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
I thought it too grave to be decided at once in this
way. I did not desire even to open my hps on
the questions involved. I still think them grave.
I shall pursue the argument no further. Of course,
it is for the Senate to decide; but I persist in my
motion.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the time
orthe Senate; but there is a single remark that
fell from the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] of which I feel bound to take some notice.
He says that the recognition of these gentlemen
under the commission that they bear will be rec-
ognizing insurrection in a State. I deny it, sir;
I deny it utterly. I say that a greater perversion
of terms never could be used. It is because we
will not recognize insurrection in a State, that we
admit these gentlemen. The part of the State to
which the Senator alludes are themselves in a
state of insurrection, and it becomes this Gov-
ernment to recognize the loyal and the true men
that still cling to the Union and support the Con-
stitution, and call upon this Government to main-
tain its constitutional obligations and put down
insurrection. Talk about precedents, sir! Why,
the whole thing is new. These States have parted
so far as they could, or the men under whose con-
trol they are have parted from their constitutional
obligations. There is no precedent, because the
world never saw such a state of things.
I hope that the Senate will not hesitate. Sir,
this is no question of form, no question of cere-
mony; it is a question of life or death with this
Republic, and with this Government. The men
that are in arms against you are in arms against
your very existence. The idea of your national
life a day after you yield to their position, is ab-
surd and inconsistent. Sir, this Government had
borne and forborne until your forbearance was
construed into pusillanimity; and during the last
session of Congress the most insulting language
that ever fell from human lips was uttered 111 ref-
erence to this very General Government; and the
gentlempn for whom so much regard is now felt
and expressed, sat by, counseled and advised
with the man wiio told us that we had been smit-
ten a staggering blow in the face that we dared
not resent.
Yes, sir, that is exactly the way this Govern-
ment has been treated; and it has come to the
very last point, where it must either vindicate its
existence by all the force that it commands, or it
must go out in national disgrace forever. This
is the day; this is the hour; this is the time; this
is the experiment. Sir, it is the culmination of
the great contest that has been going on through
all time between despotism on the one side, and
constitutional government and liberty on the
other. That is the issue; and we are fighting the
battle of all past ages and all coming generations.
They all culminate in the experiment that weare
making to-day. Sir, this war has been forced
upon the country. Things went on until the last
question that was left to it was to submit igno-
rniniously, or, with all the energy that it could
command, send its thrilling voice out to the mil-
lions that were subject to its control, and that—
in their folly, I had almost said—believed they
had a Government to defend them. And, sir,
they have rallied as never a people rallied before;
and I tell you, Senators, if you hesitate to meet
the issue, to meet it in all its aspects, in all its
contingencies here 011 this floor, on the field of
battle, and everywhere, you are unworthy of the
day and the hour in which God Almighty has
permitted you to enact the part .that He has as-
signed you in the great chapter of human destiny.
X am glad that 1 was born about the time I was,
so that my lines fall here to-day. I am glad that
my destiny is linked in the great contest that has
been coming, and coming, and coming with every
successive generation, and every successive exper-
iment that the world lias ever made in all the past.
X foi l to-duy that the blood which has been shed on
every battle-field is at issue-in the contest that we
are now carrying on. I feel that the blood of every
patriot who has poured out his life on the scaffold,
the worth of it and the effect of it are all in issue;
and 1 feel, sir, that if we are faithful to the hour;
faithful to the crisis; faithful to the duty; God
will pour out on this nation the blessings that
have been evoked by the prayers of the pious in
all time past. It is no holiday contest in which
we are engaged. It is not the time to hunt up
justices of the peace records to find precedents
of form as to how we shall go along*. We must
accept the contest as it has come, anomalous in
its character, destitute of any precedents in the
past; but, I trust in God, destined to shed infinite
light on the future. And, sir, at such a time, at
such a day, and in such a contest, the only ques-
tion I ask of any man is, "is your heart right;
if it be, give me your hand; jom with us in this
great struggle;" and if there are loyal men in
Virginia that are determined to stand by the cause
of civil liberty in this hour of her peril, let them
rally; let them form a constitutional Government
as they best may; and let this Federal Govern-
ment pour them out men and money if necessary
to sustain them in their contest.
While I am up, I want to say another thing.
The people of this country are exceedingly impa-
tient at the manner in which this thing is carried
on; and I do not know that that impatience will
not be turned to indignation, if they find that
when the loyal State of Virginia claimed her place
here, the Senate hesitated and deliberated whether
to admit them, lest it might conflict with some of
the formal rights of the men whom we expelled
yesterday or the day before. I will, on this oc-
casion, repeat the emphatic language of a Senator
whom I always used to listen to with pleasure—
I have no doubt more pleasure than you are now
listening to me—the late Senator from Missouri,
(Mr. Benton.; Some oneappliedto him to retract
a position which he had taken. " Sir," said he,
" I take no backward step." I want that to be
the motto of this Administration; I want that to
be the motto of the Republican party in all its
organization; and if we cannot put down this re-
bellion, let them put us down. The day for com-
promise has gone by. Sir, we have lived on
compromises. It was our daily food constantly.
No evil came up but a compromise was proposed,
and the nature of it was just this: the party that
is now in rebellion against the Government took
everything that they could take and gave nothing
back, and they called that a compromise! I think,'
for one, that that day has gone by. I have 110
compromise to offer, except the Constitution of the
United States. It is good enough for me.
I have been led into these remarks, sir, not all
Qf them exactly pertinent to the very question,
but because I wanted this occasion to say some
things in answer to other things that I have heard
dropped upon this floor. I hope there will be no
reference of this question. I hope that these gen-
tlemen will"be treated just exactly as my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was treated when he
came here. There was an objection raised to his
admission, but the Senate swore him in; and, I
believe, it was not until some twelve months after-
wards that an investigation was had,and a party
report was promulgated against him, and he was
sent home.
But, sir, the Legislature of his State sent him
back. The same course, as is suggested to me
by my friend, was adopted in regard to another
case which—I do not want to offend anybody's
feelings or sensibilities—as those who remember
anything about the humble course I took know,
was one that I thought had not half the showing
on the face of it that this case has; nothing like it.
I refer to the case of the election of Senators from
. Indiana. It is well known that it was the opinion
of a large body of the Senate—not of a majority,
I grant—that those gentlemen hail not even a
prima facie right to a seat 011 this floor; but the
Senate, I think in accordance with its almost uni-
versal practice, admitted them, swore them in,
and then committed the case to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
I hope the same measure of justice that was
was meted out to Iowa and to Indiana will be
meted out to Virginia.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word? I have not considered this mat-
ter before. I think it the gravest subject which
can engage our attention. I think the admission
of these gentlemen to scats, under the author-
ity under which they come, is so grave a viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, that
it will be the first act in subversion of your Gov-
ernment, which you say you are contending to
preserve.
Mr. LATHAM- Mr. President, on my way
to resume my duties in this bodjr-, I learned 'of thes
action in western Virginia, and I; formed a very
'erroneous judgment relative, to the.stdps-, there,
taken. I at first supposed, from the limited ia-*
formation to which 1 had access, that the western
portion of Virginia was seceding from the east"
ern, and setting up a distinct and independent
government; and X came here prepared, if that,
was the case, to put my seal of condemnation on
any Biwjpjfami-.ment. as I had heretofore .done
relativ^P^Ppo.vementsof other southern States.
I am determined, so far as I am concerned, to
recognize in no manner,^shape, or form, what, I
regard as the most damnable heresy that tljjs
country or any other couid be afflicted with—the
doctrineof secession. Such, however, I am glad
to say, is not the fact in this case. The govern-
ment which is represented on this floor by these
gentlemen, has the same constitution of the Com-
monwealth of Virginia that that people have al-
ways had. The members of the Legislature who
sent them here were elected on the 23d day of
May, in accordance with the old law of Virginia;
and if representatives from Ac.comac, Richmond,
or any other portion of eastern Virginia, see fit
to go to western Virginia to the Legislature that
is there convened in accordance with the consti-
tution and laws of the State of Virginia, and
swear fealty to the Government of the United
States and the Commonwealth of Virginia, th%y
are entitled to seats in that body.
More than this, sir; the fact exists, without
stopping to argue how it does exist, that there
are vacancies upon this floor upon the part of the
Senators from that State. You have these seats
vacant. Two gentlemen appear at your bar, and
presen t a certificate in due form; just exactly such,
a certificate as has been presented for three quar-
ters of a century, admitting Senators upon this
floor. It bears the great seal of the Commonwealth
of Virginia, and you are bound, in accordance
with all rules and precedents, to admit them to
seats, in the absence of Senators from their State.
If there is any question of propriety involved in
the case, the Senator from Delaware, after they
have taken their seats, can move to refer the ques-
tion to the Judiciary, or any other proper com-
mittee, who can then inquire into all the facts con- ■
nected with this election; but in the absence of
any persons appearing to contest their right, and
in the face of vacancies, you are bound, out of
respcct to the great seal of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, to admit them upon this floor.
Under this view, I trust sincerely that the Sen-
ate will allow them to be sworn in, and take their
seats on this floor; and then, if there is any ques-
tion, let it be referred to the Committee on "the
Judiciary, to investigate into the facts, and let the
whole history, and the manner in which they were
allowed on this floor as members, go upon the
record.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will answer
the question of the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] by asking another question. Because
the Senate, on the 11th of this month, voted for
a resolution expelling certain Senators, h& as-
sumes the fact to be that no vacancy existed JRktr
to that time. I want to ask the Senator thelM-
ple question, if the vacancy did not exist prior
to that time?
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will Answer him. In my judgment, the
Senate had a right to treat the act of those Sen-
ators when they withdrew, if they chose so to
treat it, as a vacancy. I voted the day before yes-
terday morning for a resolution declaring the seats
vacant; I would have voted for a resolution de-
claring the seats vacant from the moment these
former Senators withdrew from the.Senate; but
my opinion did not seem to accord with that of a
majority of the Senate, and they treated the sen-
atoiial delegation from Virginia as being full.
They, by solemn vote, expelled them from their
seats upon this floor. I presume, if the Senate
of the United States had considered that the seats
were vacant before that time, they would not have
assumed to expel men from this body who were
not at the time members of the body. What I
meant to say was this: that the Senate themselves
have passed upon this question; the Senate have
said that on Thursday morning there was no va-
cancy from the State of Virginia; and the Senate
having said so, having decided so, X think it
would be consistent for the Senate to adhere to
