1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senate should strike what seems to me so
fatal a blow to this measure of the Administration.
I can but think that Senators have failed to con-
eider the effect of the proposition that has bcoh
made by my colleague. It is very clear to my
mind that the officers of the Army who are to he
commissioned in these new regiments, and whose
presence in these regiments is indispensable to
give *hem efficiency, in my judgment, can never
be induced to accept those commissions if this
bill contains these provisions. "Will any officer
of the Army surrender his present position and
take a commission in one of these new regiments,
with the understanding expressed on the face of
the bill that he is, at the end of this controversy,
to be discharged from the service and to go into
retirement5 is it not very clear that we, by means
of this provision, are to exclude from these new
regiments every officer of the present Army? It
seems to me that Senators have not considered
the effect of the vote that has just been taken. If
they have, I have no more to say. For myself,
I think it fatal to the measure.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in the form of an additional section:
Jind le it further enacted, That no person shall be com-
missioned us major general or brigadier general m the regu-
i;u Army, who shall not have previously served for the
period oi fen years in tiie regulai or volunteer Army of the
United Suites; and no peison shall be commissioned as
eolom'i, lieutenant colonel, or major in the regular Army,
who shall not hnve previously served at least two years in
the regnlai or volunteer Aimy of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted by the Senate. I take it the
Senate must certainly vote down a proposition
of that kind.
Mr. NESMITH. The only object of the
amendment is, that in the regular Army we may
avoid the difficulties which we encounter in the
volunteer Army by securing the appointment of
officers who at least have experience. It excludes
poisons been appointed from civil life, who have
never had any military experience. That is the
entire object and effect of the amendment. Ten
years 1 think is the shortest period in winch any
man can acquire the information necessary to
quality him to command in the Army as briga-
dier or major general. I think that two years is
a shoi t time for any man to acquire the necessary
schooling or experience, in order to qualify him
for the position of colonel, lieutenant colonel, or
major. 1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NESMITH. I have another amendment
to offer as an additional section:
jind he it fail her enacted, That whenever the public ser-
vice may require the appointment of any citizen to the
ie;jit!a! Aimy, a boatd of officers shall ! <■ mMmited,before
winch the applicant shall appear for examination into hi*
phv-ipal ability, moral character,attainments, and geneial
fitn"s-, ior the ^etviee; if the board repoit id favor of the
applicant, lie shall be deeiwd eligible tor a commission in
the Anm; and it is luither piovided, that the President
shall withhold the commi^ions of all such ofiiccrs until
ait' i they i-hail have passed such examination.
The former proposition which I offered having
been voted down, I hope and trust that this will
not share the same fate. My first amendment
merelv looked to the qualifications of staff offi-
cers, fiom major general down to the rank of
major. The present amendment refers to the
qualifications of officers below major. I am satis-
fied that what is known as the southern confed-
eracy have pursued a more judicious system in
the selection of their officers than we are about to
pursue, judging by the indications given by the
vote on the previous amendment. They have
selected their general officers from the line of the
Army; they have selected men of experience;
whereas, on our side, we have selected men of
but very little experience; and the impression
seems to prevail in the Senate that there is no
expei ience necessary to enable a man to com-
mand an army. Although m any other position
of life a man requires education and experience
in older to discharge its duties properly, Senators
seem to think there is none required for a major
general, a brigadier general, a colonel, or any
officer in the Army. They appear to think that
any man can be picked up from civil life and
placed in these responsible positions. I protest
against it.
I offered an amendment to the volunteer bill,
that the President might have the power to obviate
these difficulties among the volunteers. I wish
now to carry out the same general idea. In every
other departmentof the Army, I may almostsay in
every other department of the Government, there
are certain qualifications required for officers. For
instance: when you come toappointa man a chap-
lain in the Army, you require, by law, that he
shall be an ordained minister of the gospel. In
order to be an ordained minister of some evan-
gelical church, he must have passed an examina-
tion. Your own regulations contain the principle
which is incorporated m this amendment of mine,
that no man shall be appointed to any office in the
Army unless he has previously undergone an ex-
amination. You provide for inspectors ot every-
thing else. Yourclothing is inspected; your arms
are inspected; your provisions arc inspected; your
doctors have to pass a board of examination.
Everything has to be examined and present some
qualifications for its position in the Army, except
the general officers who are to lead the Army.
Now, sir, as a soldier, I should be willing to
listen to a very bad sermon, even if it went so far
as to be heterodox. I should be willing to wear
a very dilapidated uniform; I should be willing to
ride a very bad horse; I should be willing to go
intothe contest with a very bad gun; and I should
further be willing to submit, I could afford to sub-
mit, to taking the nostrums of a quack doctor who
might be appointed a surgeon in the Army; but,
sir, I could not afford to go into battle ana be led
by an ignorant and incompetent general. I say,
if it is necessary to have these qualifications for
everything else that pei tains to the Army, an ex-
amination, or some sort of experience, it is neces-
sary that it should extend to the officers who are
to lead the troops in the field. While I should
be willing to submit to all the disadvantages and
inconveniences of which I have spoken, I could
not submit to be led by a bedizened general, cov-
ered with lace and shining epaulets, who had an
empty, brainless head. 1 could not submit to be
led on a railroad car with troops into a masked
battery, or placed by a commanding officer in a
position where I should be compelled to fire on
my comrades or have them lire on me. If you are
going to provide for an increase of the Army, it
is high time that a stop was put to incompetent
appointments—to the appointment of men of that
kind.
I regret—and while I am up 1 may refer to it—
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio yesterday,
when he deprecated the.Army, and charged that
all this treason had grown up in the Army, and
that they had been wanting in fealty to their coun-
try. I admit that certain portions of the Army
have seceded; but the general, sweeping charge
ought not to be applied to the whole. Army.
Sir. WADE. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken if he alludes to \yhat I said. I did not de-
nounce the Army at all. I spoke about the insti-
tution at West Point.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well, sir; the Senator
charged treason upon the graduates of the insti-
tution at West Point. 1 admit that those who
have seceded have been guilty of treason; but I
do not admit that there lias been any greater pro-
portion of treason m the Army than "there has
been in civil life. I claim that every ounce of
flesh, e\cry ounce of muscle, and every ounce of
bone, which composed and constituted the bodies
of those officers who have withdrawn from the
Army, belonged to this Government. The Gov-
ernment educated them; the Government had
made them for its use. They constituted a part
of the assets of this Government; and when they
withdrew, they were guilty of fraud upon the
Government, m addition to having practiced
treason. I admit all that; but there are many offi-
cers from States winch have seceded who still re-
main loyal; and there has been no greater propor-
tion of treason in the Army officers than there has
been iu this very body. Treason was hatched
and incubated at these very desks around me. It
did not commence in the Army; it commenced in
the Senate, and it gradually did extend to the
Army. I say that as a mure matter of justice to
the Army, and to the men in it from the seceded
States who have remained loyal.
I know that an attempt is made to overcome
thejusticc of the amendment which I have offered,
by saying that men may be selected as adjutants
or aids, and placed upon the staff of incompetent
generals, who will furnish the necessary brains
to carry on a campaign. - .That is;the .system
which was pursued-to $o_me extent in iMexi&i,
The. general officers there, I believe to a veryjgreat
extent, were put out to cadets /ronrWest Point
to be treated to what was at that time called wet-
nursing. They managed-and furnished brains to
conduct the campaign., The men who woreepau-
lets, and had the nominal command, were ostens-
ibly known to the public as the commetndersiof
columns; while all the brains and intellect to,lead
them were furnished by subordinate officers;
Mr. WILSON. The amendment which the
Senator proposes will, if adopted, by the SeraU#,
I think,defeat the organization of thfsc regiments.
There are eight hundred and fifty officers inthese
regiments. The Government, when it called the£e
regiments into the field,made an arrangemei$t.th#t
one half of the captains, lieutenants,and field offi-
cers, should be taken from the line of the Army.
Nine of the eleven colonels, I think, have been
taken from the Army. One of the others has served
the country in the field. Another, from your own
State, sir, (Mr. Sherman in the chair,) has re-
cently been adjutant general of that State. A
large portion of the field officers are. men who
have had military education, and served the coun-
try; and I do not hesitate to say, that in the or-
ganization of the new regiments, the field officers
are men at least equal to the field officers of .the
old regiments.
Then, it is proposed that one half of the cap-
tains and first lieutenants be taken from the old
regiments, and I think that has been carried out,
so far as the nominations have been made. It
was further agreed that the second lieutenants
should be taken from the companies after they are
organized. But some twenty s thirty, or forty men
have already been made second lieutenants—men
who were sergeants in the old regiments. The
object of this was to enlist a better class of men,
so that young men could have an opportunity
of going into these companies, and being elected
second lieutenants. I do not hesitate to say here,
that the men generally who have been selected to
officer these legiments are men of talent, of cul-
ture, of character,and that no more care has ever
been manifested than has been manifested in mak-
ing these appointments. The Government had
the opportunity to pick among hundreds, yes,
thousands,of the young men of this country, who
were anxious to get into the Army. Tfc-day there
are pending applications from more than fifty
young men of my State, who are graduates of
universities, of the law schools, and other schools,
who have devoted themselves to the study of these
subjects to some extent, and who have the aspi-
ration to go into the Army.
Mr. NESMITH. Will the Senator allow me.
If those gentlemen have the necessary qualifi-
cations, the amendment which is now pending
works no hardship, for it merely provides .that
they shall be examined to develop these qualifi-
cations.
Mr. WILSON. That is all true; and if we had
time to organize a board for this examination, I
would like it; but it is utterly impossible to do it
now. These men have been appointed; they have
had their papers sent to them,and they have been
ordered away from their homes; they are on recruit-
ingservice now; thousands of dollars have already
been put in their hands to recruit this force; and
it is impossible to carry out the proposition made
by the Senator. If wc had only a few men and
had time to act and establish such a board and.
have this examination, I would like it.
I hope the Senate will reject every one of these
nominations that is not fit to be made; and for
myself I intend, when they are sent in here, to
make the most thorough and searching investiga-
tion. I intend, if they go to. my committee, to
call upon the Senators and, as far as i can, upon
the Representatives from the differentStates,and
let them examine the list from their States; and
if a man is appointed that is unfit, and I can find
it out to be so, or a man who is not of good per-
sonal character, I mean to use whatever influence
I can to reject him.
Now, sir, I want to say another word. The
Senator talks about the policy of the southern
confederacy. I say to that Senator that there is
no comparison whatever between the officers of
the southern confederacy and the officers now in
the service of this Government. They cannot
compare a moment in talent or experience. They
