THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Sdventii Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1861,
New Series Noi 8.
know that although he has received such a paper
as that, his name will not be sent in to the Senate;
and if it is discovered at headquarters that they
have been imposed upon in regard to any of these
men, their nominations will never be sentin to the
Senate. When they are sent in here, they expect
us to do our duty and sift them closely, and we
ought to do it; and, for one, I mean to do it.
Now, sir, a single word in regard to a remark
of the Senator from California about the appoint-
ments from the old Army into the new regi-
ments. The Senator says they have not been
<«made without giving dissatisfaction. They must
have given dissatisfaction to some men, certainly.
I have no doubt of that; and the reason was this:
quite a number of the men in the old regiments
are in places in which they ought not to be; that
is, they are where the law fixes them, but they
have riot the personal qualifications and the fit-
ness, compared with others below them. The
truth is, that this Army of ours is paralyzed to-
wards the head. Your ablest officers are young
captains and lieutenants; and if I wished to-day
to organize a heavy military force, such as we
arc calling into the field, if I had my own way, I
would abolish the Army as the first act, and I
then would take officers from the Army and place
them where their talents fit them to go, without
reference to the rank they occupied in the old
regiments. There are men who are field officers
that ought to be second lieutenants; and there are
second lieutenants who would make generals.
That is the condition of our Army to-day; and
the nearer you come towards the head, until you
reach perhaps the distinguished commander of
the Army, the less ability you have.
Mr. NESMITH. How would it do to turn
the tail around, and make it the head?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator. I
believe that the men who are to carry on the war
ought to be generally the men who have reputa-
tions to make, and not men who have made rep-
utations, and want to preserve them. I would
rather trust the men whghave reputations to make.
There will be complaint at any rate. I know that
in taking these men out of the Army, the desire
has been to take men fitted to be placed in the
most responsible positions, so as to make the
Army most effective. That there has been some
favoritism, 1 do not doubt. That some brave
soldiers who have served in the interior regions,
of the country, who have bcea upon the shores
of the Pacific, who have chased the Indians over
the plains and through the gorges of the mount-
ains, who have not been dancing attendance on
Washington, who jiave not been brought in con-
tact with public men, with General Scott, with
the Adjutant General, with the most influential of
the officers of the Army in this city, whose voices
are somewhat potential in these appointments—
that some of these men have not had justice done
them, I do not entertain a doubt. I regret it; I
am sorry for it, and I hope that m the future ap-
pointments that are to be made, this will be rem-
edied as far as possible. I a^ree with the Sena-
tor from California, that in taking men ftom the
old regiments, equal and exact justice should have
been dealt out; but I think it is impossible to or-
ganize these regiments properly by simply follow-
ing the rule of seniority.
But, sir, when these nominations come in here
for confirmation, if they are so manifestly partial
and unjust, we can rectify them in the Senate by
rejecting the bad ones, and give an opportunity
for the appointment of men whose names have
been overlooked. I know there are some men
who have been in servicc on the frontier for many
years, who have slept in camps, who have fol-
lowed the flag of their country, and who, because
they have been at a distance doing their duty,
have been overlooked, while some men whom
you never can get into the field, though you may
issue a dozen orders; whom you can never get
away from this city; men who have been the
favoiites of certain officers of the Government,
who have hung around this city, have received
high appointments. I know one or two such
cases; and, for myself, I mean to use what influ-
ence I can to prevent their confirmation when the
time comes.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one amendment that
I desire to make. I move to insert in the last
section, in the eighth line, after the word " men,"
the words " hereafter to be;" so that it will then
read, "that the men hereafter to be enlisted in
the regular forces shall be entitled to the same
bounties," &c. As the section now reads, any
man enlisted in the regular forces is to be entitled
to the same bounty as the three-years volunteers.
This extends the bounty to all the men who may
be at this time in the regular service of the Uni-
ted States. I am willing that the experiment
should be tried with these regiments upon pretty
much the same basis as with volunteers. I am
willing to give them the same bounties, in order
to induce enlistments, but we do not want to go
back and give it to all the men who have already
enlisted.
Mr. WILSON. I concur in the idea thrown
out by the Senator from Iowa, and which his
amendment proposes to carry out; but I think
there will be a little injustice m it, and I hope he
will consent to modify his proposition. He pro-
poses to limit the bounty to those hereafter to be
enlisted. If he would apply it to these enlist-
ments, I should consider it agreat improvement.
We have recruited some men in the new regi-
ments since Congress met here, under the prom-
ise that they should have the same bounty as the
volunteers, $100, at the end of three years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say, "enlisted in the
regular forces under and by virtue of this act."
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. GRIMES. That would give the bounty
solely to the men in the new regiments, and not
to men in the old regiments.
Mr. WILSON. We want to fill up the old
regiments, as well as the new.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say, « since the 1st day
of.Tuly last."
Mr. GRIMES. That would cover it; and 1
modify my amendment in that way.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend by striking
out of section six, in line five, the wotd " three,"
and inserting "five;" so as to make it "five
years" in place of three. It is proposed to aug-
ment this Army and enlist men for three years,
barely time enough to discipline them and make
soldiers of them, and then discharge them. Those
enlisted after January 1, 1863, it is provided shall
be enlisted for the term of five years. I move this
amendment for the purpose of having uniformity
in enlistments. I know there was a good deal of
talk in the Senate the other day on the joint res-
olution approving the action of the President, to
the effect that this legislation must look to dis-
banding these additional regiments at some time.
I know there is a provision in the bill before us,
introduced on the motion of the distinguished
Senator from New York, for that purpose; but I
venture to predict that no man here will ever live
to see this Army reduced. The Army should
have been augmented if our present difficulties had
not occurred. If there had been a loyal Army of
fifty thousand men prior to last year, these diffi-
culties never would have occurred. It is notorious
that the Army was not large enough for our fron-
tier and sea-board service. You may predicate
your legislation upon the idea that this Congress
shall bind future Congresses, and that you will
have some provision in the bill which shall com-
pel the disbanding of the- Army; the President .
may be compelled to do it, but you will have to I
raise a new army at once after disbanding the old j
one. This country is not going to exist hereafter j
with so small an army as it has had heretofore. '
You talk about overrunning and conquering the |
seceded States. If you do, you must have a large 1
standing army to keep them in sutyection, if you
intend to hold them in that way. if, on the other
hand, a division should take place, which I dep-
recate, you must have an army to garrison three-
thousand miles of frontier, in addition to the
frontier which we now have, and I predict that,
in any event there will be no diminution of this
army. No man here will live to see a smaller
standing army than the Army we have to-day*,
with the increase for which this bill provides;"
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say thai
the subjectof the amendment waa fully discussed
in the committee. The argument in favor of the
three years' enlistment is this: that by it you can
fill up the regiments in time for service in the
present war; without it, you cannot; and you may
just as well strike down the bill at once as to in-
sert the five-years enlistment. It is known to all
that where there is a three-years service men
prefer it to the five-years service. It was for this
reason that that provision was inserted in the bill;
and I do hope the honorable Senator from Oregon
will notpersistin his amendment; for I assure him,-
with the experience I have, that if it is insisted
upon the Army cannot be enlisted.
Mr. NESMITH. I have no desire to incum-
ber the bill or to do anything to militate against
its passage. My only object was to make the
enlistments uniform throughout the Army; and
the other reason which I before suggested was
that three years was about as short a tim'S as a
soldier could be properly drilled, disciplined, and
made effective; and yet you propose to discharge
him at the expiration of that period.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted at the end of the sixth sec-
tion:
In selecting and appointing officers from the Army into
regiments hereby cieated, the relative rank by them held
in the Army shall be preoerved.
I have no desire to embarrass or incumber the
bill; and if the Senator from Massachusetts is not
willing that this amendment shall be adopted, I
shall not press it; but it strikes me as being very
proper. It covers this case: suppose that two
captains or two lieutenants are appointed into one
of these regiments from the engineer corps: it
merely provides that they shall preserve the sam-e
relative standing towards each other in the regi-
ments to which they have been transferred, as
they did before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been done in
the appointment. They are numbered regularly.
Mr. GRIMES. It may have been done in the •
appointment, but it has not been done by author-
ity of law. This will be an additional safeguard.
There can be no objection to it, if it has been
already done.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I ask that it be read again.
The Acting Secretary again read the amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that will
effect the purpose. That would remit them. Two
or three will rank. For instance: a captain in one
of the new regiments may be made second to a
lieutenant who is left in the line, according to the
wording of the amendment." It is indefinite.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I" desire to ask the
chairman of the committee a question. Have we
not taken captains out of the regular Army and
made them colonels m the new regiments, and
have we nottaken subordinate officeis, lieutenants
in the regular Army, and made them colonels?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know certainly that
we have; but I think we have in some cases. I
think some men have been appointed field offi-
cers—I do not know as high as colonels—who
were formerly captains. There are certainly men
who were captains who have been appointed
majors.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Suppose you bava
taken a first lieutenant out of the old Army, and
made him a lieutenant colonel in the new; sup-
pose you have taken another first lieutenant out
