1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hi
Congress will not obey the requirements of the
people of the country on this as well as on all
other subjects; and therefore there is no mox-e
necessity that we, at the present time, shall say
what the Army of the United States, in point of
numbers, shall be years hence, than that we shall
pass an act saying what legislation on any other
subject shall be years hence. It is assuming what
we have not the foresight to determine. Let to-
morrow take care of itself. Let us be wise to-day
and not attempt to be wise for to-morrow; for to-
morrow may bring exigencies, and must bring
exigencies, about which we know nothing to-day.
I do not think, therefore, that legislation for the
future on this subject is any more desirable, or
any more wise, than it is on any other subject.
Besides, sir, it seems to me, as the honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] suggest-
ed, that there are great evils in attempting to de-
termine that this inciease of the Army shall not
continue beyond a certain period. It will create
between this addition to the Army and the exist-
isting Army a feeling of jealousy, or a feeling of
superiority on the one side and inferiority on the
other. Although all will be the regular Army ot
the United States, one will be considered the per-
manent Army and the other casually the army
of the United States. There will not be good feel-
ing between either officers or soldiers thus circum-
stanced. There will not be that feeling of unity
which constitutes the great strength of an army.
There will be bickcrings and divisions and jeal-
ousies;-and, as has been suggested, it will be very
difficult, if not impossible, to officer the new Army
at all by taking officers from the old Army. That
will be a very decided difficulty.
Looking at the matter, sir, in any of its aspects,
it does not seem to me that it is wise or discreet
to put the seventh and eighth sections proposed
by the Senator from New York into this bill. I
am satisfied that if we pass the bill without those
sections, making the Army as large as it is need-
ful to-day, future time will be at least as wise as
we, and continue it or reduce it as it may be ne-
cessary. ,
Mr. NESMITH. There is another point in
this matter which, I apprehend, has not been con-
sidered. The amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from New York provides for the disband-
ment of the Army upon the contingency of the
settlement of our present difficulties. That is to
be a part of the law under which the Army is to
be organized; and when that occurs, every soldier
in the Army has a right to demand his discharge,
as I apprehend. It may be possible that at six
or twelve months, or at any other period after the
adjustment of the present difficulties, we may be
involved in a foreign war; and^'f we are, under
this provision every soldier in the Army has a
right to demand his discharge in the face of the
enemy.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, it will be recol-
lected by Senators, that at the last session we voted
several million dollars to defray the expenses of
an Indian war in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories, and also several hundred thousand dol-
lars to defray the expenses of Indian wars in
California; and almost every session for many
years past, similar appropriations have been made.
The amount thus expended has been immense;
but as great as that has been, it is nothing in com-
parison to the loss of the lives of our own citizens
on the frontier. The truth is, the Army has been
so small that it was impossible to guard every
point. An outbreak would take place at an un-
guarded point, and troops would be ordered there
from a point where they could not be well spared.
By the time they would get to the place where the
outbreak occurred the damage would have been
doneand the marauders would have escaped; and
during their absence, in many instances, out-
breaks have taken place at the Very points they
have left. I will state a single case. A battle took
place between some settlers and the Indians, and
a company of soldiers was ordered from the waters
of the Mississippi to those of the Missouri. The
cost of transportation was immense. By the time
they got to the Missouri the difficulty was over
and the damage was done. During their absence,
outbreaks took place on the borders of the Mis-
sissippi, and they were ordered back. They went
over the line three times, at an expense of many
thousand dollars to the Government, and were
never in the right place at the right time. The
honorable Senator from Iowa must know, that if
there had been a proper force three or four years
ffgo on our frontier, the lives of fifty citizens of
his State and mine would not have been sacrified.
Sir, I believe that, as a measure of economy, the
Army should be increased. I hope the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from New York
will not prevail.
Mr. HARRIS. I had not intended to say any-
more in reference to this amendment 
Mr. WADE. Let us adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. As a motion to adjourn is
suggested, I wish to say that it is important for
the dispatch of the public business that there
should be an executive session for about five min-
utes. I ask, therefore, if it is not convenient to
have a vote on this measure this afternoon, and
as the Senator from New York has something to
say upon it, which we all desire to hear, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to that motion?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
setts.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 13, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mi'.Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (No. D) to alter
and regulate the Navy ration;
A bill (No. 1) to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws, and pro-
tecting the public property; and
A bill (No. 13) to provide for the appointment
of assistant paymasters in the Navy; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrencc of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 16) further to provide for the collection of
duties on imports, and for other purposes, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
COLLECTION" OF DUTIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 16) further to provide
for the collection of duties on imports, and for
other purposes, is merely a verbal one; and I ask
that it be taken up and concurred in.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment read,
as follows:
Section six, linp four, strike out tlie woid " hill/' and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word " act."
The amendment was concurred in.
SUSPENSION OF POSTAL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral; which was read, referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to Be printed:
Post Offk'e Dppartntfvt, July 12, 1861.
Sir: The act of Congress in u-lation to the postal ser-
vice, approved Felnuary 23, 1861, provides *'that when-
ever, in the opinion of the Postmaster O'cncial, the postal
sei vice cannot be nafelv continued, or the postolfiee reve-
nues collectcd, or the postal laivs maintained, on any post
route, by reason of any cause whatsoever, the Postmaster
General is heieby authoiized to discontinue the postal ser-
vice on such loute or any pait thereof, and an> po-n offices
thereon till the same can he safely lestored, and shall re-
port his action to Con^re^s." In compliance with this act,
and because of the obstmetion of the seivice by the insur-
gents, I duccted it to be discontinued on the 27th of May,
by an order herewith communicated, in the so-called se-
ceded States. except in wo^UM-n Vnginia; and have since
duected its discontinuance m West and Middle Tennessee.
The events which have lendercd this course necessary are
so well known as to lender any explanation of my action
unnecessary It seems, indeed, more to be required that I
should explain why I suffered the service to continue so
long in those States. The chief reason for this was, that
the mails alone afforded the means of dfffuslirg any correct
information among the people of the South, and' disaht/s-
ing their minds of the prevalent errors which the conspir-
ators had availed thcai&elves of to organize the insurrec-"
tion. I felt assured that the expressions of public sentiment,
which would be evoked on the first act of war, if allowed'
to reach the people of the South, would go far to break:
down the conspiracy.
The postal service afforded tlie best means to communi- *
eate to the people of the South the judgment which I was
confident the civilized world would p.ronounce against the
rebellion, when its real purpose was distinctly seen; and
although I knew that the instruments of the revolutionary
despotism temporarily established there were doing every-
thing in their power to suppress all correct information,,it
was nevertheless apparent that information of the most
important character was disseminated through the mails.
Actuated by such views, F was not only disposed to eon*
tinue the seivieo in existence when I came into office, but
even to restore it where it had been discontinued bym£
ptedecessor; and for this purpose, at an early day, t sent
a special agent to the South, to establish the principal offices
which had been discontinued. But the insurrectionary
leaders comprehending, I believe, as I did,the effect of the'
mails upon then power, refused then to allow those offices
to be leestablished, and more recently have excluded the
mails from all pomons of the country in which their mili-
tary power is established. While the military despotism
which was organized in sccret clubs by the conspirators is
suffered to dominate ovei the people of the South, there is
no means of ascertaining whether the policy 1 have pur-
sued has been advantageous or not. But I have no doubt that
the people of the South will vindicate it and themselves the
first moment that they are liberated from the cruel despot-
ism which now prevail*. The discontinued service, as
appeals by a detailed statement herewith submitted^ cost
the Government $3,096,427 24 over and above the receipt*
therefiom.
1 am, bir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. RliAtR, Postmaster General'
The Speaker of the House of Representatives.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following; memorial; which was read,
and referred to the Committee of Elections :
To the honorable House of Representatives:
The undersigned claims the light to represent the first
congressional distnct of Noith Carolina on the floor ot
your honoiable body, and respectfully requests that his
credentials may be leferred to the appiopriate committee.
CHARLES HENRY FOSTER.
Washington, D. C., July 12, 1861.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that that me-
morial goes under the new rule adopted on the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana—that it is
simply referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. Yes; but it pertains to the
seat of a member, and when it comes back, the
Chair does not wish to be foreclosed as to what
it may then decide.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask leave to have the
bill (S. No. X) to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting the public property taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
CLERK TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to offer the following res-
olution:
IlesoUeJ, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
authorized to appoint a clerk to said committee, to serve
durinc the Thirtv-Sevemh Congress, at the compensation
allowed for like service in the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object, provided
the resolution be so modified as to make it read,
" during the present extra session of Congress."
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to accept the
modification.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
GENERAL HARNESS REPORTS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secietarj of War furnish to this House
the several lopoit-i that may'bave been made by Geneial
Harney, duunq; ins command of the United States forces
iii the Statu of Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 have no objection to
that, provided the phrase "if not incompatible
with the public interests" be inserted.
Mr. BURNETT. I accept the modification.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
BELATIONS WITH FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. WALLACE. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That while we desire to cultivate friendly re-
