1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GL<
Mr. ROSCOE GONKLING moved to suspend
the reading of the names.
Objected to.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 45; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aidrich, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Bcaman, Bingham, Francis
P. Blair, Samuel 5. Blair, Blake, Buftinton, Campbell,
Chamberlain, Ambrose W. Clark, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, lloscoe Conkling, Conway, Covode, Ciittenden,
Cut Us, Cutler, Davis. Dofaplame, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fesseuden, Fran-
chot, Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Gnder, Gurley, Ilanchett,
Harding, FLmisuii, Hickman, Hutching Jackson, Julian,
Kelley, Fiancis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing,
Loomts, Lovejoy, McKeati, McKnight, Mitchell, Anson
P. Mon ill, Justin S.IVIomli, Olin, Pauon, Pike, Pomerov,
Poiter, Pottei, John II. Rico, Riddle, Edward II Rollins,
Sedgwick. Shanks, Shellalmrger, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens,
Sti.uton, Fiancis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upton, \ andever,
Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wads-
worth, Wall, Wallace, Chailcs W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Washburne, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S.White, Windom,
and Woicester—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
George H. Browne, Burnett, Cobb, Cooper, Corning, Cox,
Cravens, Dawes, Delano, English, Fouke, Gooeh, flaight,
Hohuan, Johnson, Law,Lazear,Luary, Logan, Moorhead,
Noiton, Nugen, Odeli, Perry, Ucid, Alexander II. Rice,
Kiehaidson, Robinson, Smith. John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,'rumble, Valiandigham, Vib-
hatd, Vooihecs, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wood, Wood-
ruff, ami Wiight—45s
So John B. Clark, of Missouri, (two thirds of
• the House voting in favor thereof,) was expelled
from the House of Representatives.
During the vote,
Mr. WADS WORTH stated that Mr. Mal-
i-ory and Mr. Menzies were absent on account
of sickness.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was not within the
bar when my name was called, having been called
out. If 1 had been I should have voted in the
negative, not from any regard for the merits of
Guneial Clark, but in deference to the privileges
of this IIousc, winch in a case like this should be
•dealt with more deliberately and formally.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
ItEEERENCE OF A PAPER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the At-
torney General, in reference to the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House.
Mr. OLIN. I move that the communication be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
printed.
The motion, was agreed to.
COLLISIONS AT SEA.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
stiucted to inquire whether any legislation is expedient to
pieveut coliiMons at sea, by the use of lights, or by the in-
tioduition oi'auch safeguards as are now used by the prin-
cipal maiitime nations of Europe, with leave to repoit by
bill or otheivvi&e.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the call of committees for reports
of bills of a private nature.
The list of committees was called over, and no
reports were made.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call of
States for resolutions, as the next businessin oi der;
but was interrupted by
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, who moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
COOLY TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the President of the United States com-
municate to the House of Representatives, at the com-
mencement of the regular session ol Congress in December
next, any information then in possession of the Govern-
ment and not heretofoie communicated, with respect to
the Asiatic cooly trade, so called.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to h% put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
SUSPENSION OF HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. BINGHAM. By the consent of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Blair] I move to re-
consider the vote by which the communication of
the Attorney General, with reference to the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. OLIN. The communication was referred
upon my motion. I called for the communication
specially for the use of the Committee on Military
A flairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. The question of the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas cotyus has been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary by an
order of the House.
Mr. OLIN. Certain bills have been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, involving
certain questions upon which we supposed that
communication would throw some light, and with
that view I introduced the resolution calling for
the opinion, so that the committee might have it
before them. If the gentleman had desired it he
could have called for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Judiciary Committee
have used duediligence to obtain the official opin-
ion of the Attorney General. The committee re-
quested that opinion; and I suppose the Attorney
General, in making his communication to the
House, did so as much to comply with the re-
quest of that committee as to respond to the reso-
lution of the House itself.
The SPEAKER. In referring the communi-
cation to the Military Committee,it was ordered
to bo printed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I presume that the Mili-
tary Committee do not propose to use the opin-
fonof the Attorney General any further than may
be necessary for action on their military bills. If
there is any action to be taken decidedly upon the
opinion of the Attorney General itself, then, I
apprehend, it would be proper to have it referred
to the Judiciary Committee for that purpose. I
therefoie suggest that the Clerk be requested to
make out a copy thereof, to be laid before the
Committee on Military Affairs; but that telecom-
munication itself be referred to the Judiciary
Committee for their direct action thereon.
Mr. OLIN. Of course, I have no objection to
a reference of that opinion to the Committee on
the Judiciary. All I wish is, that, at the earliest
opportunity, that opinion may corac before the
Committee on Military Aflaiis. We wish to ob-
tain possession of it for the purpose of making
ourselves familiar with Us contents; and I called
for it with that view. I have no objection to the
reference the gentleman desires, provided we can
have it at the « arhest moment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it has been ordered to be printed; and it will prob-
ably be m each member's box to-morrow morn-
ing.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
thcij the communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLAIIl, of Missouri. I now insist on my
motion.
RIGHT OF BLOCKADE, ETC.
Mr. COX. AVill the gentleman waive that mo-
tion for a moment, to enable me to introduce a
resolution of inquiry, to which, I presume, there
will be no objection?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to its being read for information.
No objection being made,
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States, at the
begin mngof the next session oi Congress, or at this session,
if compatible with the public service, communicate to this
Hou->e all correspondence with the English, Fiench, Span-
ish, and other Governments with reference to the right of
blockade, privateering, and the recognition of the so-called
confederate States.
REDUCTION OF EXPENDITURES. ' ^ f ;
JVIi"- E• A. CONKLING.' I appeal to fhe gen-
tleman from Missouri to withdraw his motion tfefor
the present, and allow the call of the States far
resolutions to proceed. I have in my handkt res-
olution which I desire to offer. J
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, I will hear it read
for information.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, there being no objec-
tion, offered the following resolution; which was
read,- considered*and agreed to: . '
Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed ij>y the
Speaker to report to this House in what manner and to
what extent tire expenditures of the Government of
United States may be reduced, ami what officers may be
dispensed with.
OBJECT OF THE WAR.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the sole object of the Government, in its
piesent and future military operations, resulting from the
armed resistance to its authority, is, and ought to be, to
maintain the integrity of the- Union, as established by the
Constitution, the enforcement of the laws, and the protec-
tion of the constitutional rights of the loyal citizens of
every State; and such operatlonsoughtnotto be buspended
until the authority of the Federal Government shall have
been firmly established throughout its territorial limits. .
Resolved, That the Union must be preserved, and that
no adjustment of pending difficulties c$u  ever be sanctioned
by the Government thar is not based On the acknowledged
integrity of the Union, and the supremacy of the Consti-
tution of the United States. : ' , - ,
Mr. STEVENS. I object. I think these ab-
stract propositions ought to go over.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under the call of the States
for resolutions, I am entitled to offer this reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. When the States are called,
the gentleman will be entitled to do so;.but now
there is a motion pending to suspend the rules to
go into committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I insist upon ray
motion.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac~^
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of \
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rich-
ardson in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 27) to promote
the efficiency of the Army. <r
The bill was read through. The first section
provides that any commissioned officer of the
Army who shall have served as such for forty
consecutive years,«nay,upon his own application
to the President of the united States, be placed
upon the list of retired officers, with the pay and
emoluments allowed by tin's act.
The second section provides that if any com-
missioned officer of the Army shall have become,
or shall hereafter become, incapable of perform-
ing the duties of his office, he shall, as provided
in the third section of this act, be placed upon the
retired list, and withdrawn from active service and
command, and from the line of promotion, with
the following pay and allowances, namely: the
pay properof the highest rank held by him at the
time of his retirement, whether by staff or regi-
mental commission, the service rations to which
he may then be entitled—including general offi-
cers who may be retired—and the regular allow-
ance, as fixed by law, for one servant, and with-
out any other pay or allowances; and the next
officer in rank shall be promoted to the place of
the retired officer, according to the established
rules of the service. And the same rule of pro-
motion shall be applied successively to the vacan-
cies consequent upon the retirement of an officer;
provided, that if the disability be proved to result
from wounds received in action, the pay proper
of the retired officer shall be that of his highest
rank by brevet or otherwise; and provided fur-
ther, that there shall not be on the retired list, at
any one time, more than seven percent, of the
whole number of officers of the Army, as fixed
by law.
The third section provides that, in order to carry
out the provisions of this act, whenever any offi-
cer of the Army who may be incapacitated, as
before recited, shall voluntarily apply to be retired
from active service, or on being ordered to per-
form the duties appropriate to his commission,
shall report himself unable to comply with such
order, or whenever, in the judgment of the Pres-
ident of the United States, an officer of the Army
shall be in any way incapacitated from perform-
