1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States in the presentcrisis. In presenting
this petition, I desire to say that I entirely concur in
the sentiments of the petitioners. It is my purpose
to vote for any measure which may be reported
from the appropriate committees, calculated, in
my judgment, to sustain the Government in the
vigorous prosecution of the war for the defense of
the Constitution and thepreservation of the Union.
1 shall do this, sir, in the hope and belief that,
strengthened and supported by the popular will,
as manifested in the measures adopted by Con-
gress, the Administration will throw into the con-
duct of the war all the ardor and energy and en-
thusiasm which now inspire the hearts of the
people. It is my belief that the Administration
has already done all that could be expected or
desired in the vast preparations for war which
have in so short a period of time been made—
bringing the country, in a few brief weeks, from
the long quietude of a peace establishment, in
which preparation for war had been too much
neglected, and the art of war almost lost and for-
gotten, to our present condition of security and
power; so that at this moment, whatever may be
the result of the present contest, the Government
of the United States is the most firmly established
Government on earth. Still, I acknowledge that
I have shared somewhat in the natural impatience
which I know the people feel at any signs, real
or apparent, of inaction or unnecessary delay.
Whatever may be the issue of the conflict, let it
be short and decisive. Now that the arbitrament
of war has been chosen by the revolutionists, let
the war be so conducted as to bring the question
in issue to a speedy and a decisive result. The
contest is not one which my constituents have
sought: they desire that its end may soon come,
and that it shall be such as shall not invite to a
repetition. " Beware of entrance to a quarrel;
but being in, bear it that the opposer shall beware
of thee." So they propose, on their part, to
conduct this contest.
Men and money in any number and to any
amount it is our business to grant to the Admin-
istration. That being done—no halting, no delay,
110 thought of peace, till the supremacy of the
Government of the United States shall be an ac-
knowledged fact throughout our entire domain. I
rejoice at the signs which indicate early and ener-
getic action on the part of the Government; for of
all things, in my judgment, delay is most to be
dreaded. Temporary defeat may not be fatal;
but the slow canker of tardy inaction will rust
into the very heart and spirit of the people. This
war is to them a serious and costly business.
They demand that it be short, decisive, ten ific,
and overwhelming; and if in any quarter they are
thwarted of this purpose, their indignation will
be proportioned to their disappointment.
The events of the day are marked by rapidity
of movement. At the commencement of the last
session of Congress, little more than six months
ago, the great rebellion which has now reached
its height, involving no less than eleven States,
was only threatened. To-day, whatever may be
its continuance in point of time, we may feel as-
sured, that if the popular will shall be carried into
execution,it is already more than half suppressed.
That it cannot, if properly treated, grow from a
rebellion into a successful revolution, is already
decided. Its end is certain, though its length of
duration may be uncertain. The United States of
America are to remain one nation. The territo-
rial integrity of the Union is to be preserved in-
violate. This is what the people of the United
States mean by the immense sacrifices they are
now making—this and nothing less. Whatever
stands in the way of this, whether it be apolitical
creed or a vested right, whether it be democracy
or slavery, must go down and perish. And this
is true,not merely because twenty millions of peo-
ple have so determined, but because, in the na-
ture of things, a great nation like this cannot be
overthrown and destroyed, without, in its dying
struggles, if die it must, overwhelming all the in-
stitutions created by its laws in a common ruin.
How, then, can the peculiarinstitution of the South
escape destruction, when it shall be found to stand
in the way of the preservation of the Government?
Yet, in utter blindness to this obvious idea, the
maddened South is rushing upon its fate.
Six months ago, Mr. President, I savv, as dis-
tinctly as I now see, the groat conspiracy against
the Union that has nowreached the pointof open,
flagrant war against the Government. If I saw
it then a little more distinctly than some others,
it was, perhaps, because I had a more correct up-
preciation of the true character of the violent and
desperate men who were engaged in it. Had it
been possible then, by measures of conciliation,
involving no sacrifice of principle, to disarm these
men of the baleful influence they exerted at home,
and so to strengthen the Union men of the South
as to enable them to resist the torrent of secession,
I would, under the circumstances then existing,
have consented to such measures. Theevent, how-
ever, has shown that every such effort, however
patriotic, was useless. The redress of grievances
was not the object of thedisumonists. They had,
indeed, no practical grievances to be redressed;
those of which they complained being wholly im-
aginary. If they declared that their constitu-
tional rights were violated, before the question of
the protection of their alleged rights could have
been considered by any competent tribunal they
had, to the extent of their power, overthrown the
Constitution itself, and engaged in war against
the Government of the United States. To talk
of redress of grievances with such men were to
parley with the assassin who attempts your life.
Looking, then, at the manner in which thisgreat
rebellion was commenced, and at its progress to
this time, I have no difficulty in saying how it
should, in my judgment, be treated. Its dimen-
sions Iknowaroimmense. Itinvolves,nominally
at least, powerful and wealthy States. Among its
adherents and supporters are brave men and able
men; its armies are poweiful; yet, after all, it is
the work of a faction. It is, with all its pretense
of State authority, a lawless rebellion still, and
as such it must be treated. If it were confined to
a single State, we should have no difficulty as to
the mode of its treatment; that it extends over
many States, may render its suppression more
difficult, but docs not render it impossible, and in
no respects changes our duty with regard to it.
I speak for only one State; and the voice of that
State is, that this rebellion must be crushed. Let
it require a longer or a shorter time, let it cost
more or less money, a greater or less sacrifice of
human life, still it can be, it must and it will be,
crushed. If the ordinary means of waifare can
do this, let them, as I hope they may, suffice; but
if more shall be required, more must be resorted
to. It may be, should the war continue to drag
its slow length along, that means, which seem to
us terrific in their consequences, may be required;
but it ought to be understood now, m the begin-
ning, that whatever means may be necessary to
preserve the territorial integrity of the United
States and the unity of the nation, will, when the
necessity shall arise, be used freely, fully, and
unhesitatingly. If, m the course of events, it
shall appear that either slavery or this Govern-
ment must perish, then the voice of a united
people will declare, let slavery perish, and let the
Government live forever. Such is the stern de-
termination to which thousands have come, who
have been considered hcretofoie men of moderate
views. I will not enlarge on this point. It is
enough to state it. Itistlie calm, deliberate opin-
ion of that great conservative class who, in the
outsetof these troubles, were anxious, if possible,
to find a peaceful solution of our difficulties.
Finding this impossible, they have come to the
conclusion that the Government shall be saved
from destruction whatever else may perish.
Let me not be misunderstood. The object of
the struggle we are now engaged in, on the part
of the loyal States, is not the abolition of slavery;
but if it shall prove a long continued contest, that
may be its inevitable consequence. Let those
most interested consider this truth, in all its bear-
ings.
Representing a constituency who are governed
by the calm and resolute convictions of thinking
men, moderate in their views, yet earnest and
decided, slow to resort to extreme measures, yet
never shrinking from the consequences of any
measures, however extreme, that circumstances
may render necessary, I have voted, and I shall
vote for any and all bills tending to the vigorous
prosecution of the war, till its last battle has
been fought and its last vifctorywon. If, now,
the insurgents were ready to lay down their arms
and acknowledge the supremacy of the United
States, 1 should rejoice to see them return to
their allegiance. Till they do so, the war will
continue; and with every day of its continuance
the consequences to the States in rebellion will
become more and more serious and terrible; - la
their future, should the war go on, I see many,
scenes of horror, at which humanity shudders;
but these horrors will be of their awn seeking;
We who are resisting their efforts to overthrow
the Government are not responsible for the su£
fering they are bringing on themselves. Our duty
is plain; and though we were to shrink from its
performance, the true, fearless, patriotic heartof
the nation, beating high, as it does, with the love
of civil liberty, and devoted to our constitutional
form of Government, would find other men to do
its bidding.
Sir, my desire is to see an early, overpower-
ing, irresistible movement of our troops upon the
insurgents. Every day's delay, beyond the time
absolutely necessary for preparation, is fraught-
with incalculable mischief to the cause of the
Union; more especially if this delay is caused by
political rather than military reasons. Negotia-
tion has long since been exhausted. The ques-
tion now is, whether rebellion shall triumph—
whether, in short, the Federal Government has
the power to protect and perpetuate itself? The
sooner that question is decided, the better; what-
ever may be the decision. If thg rebellion has,
sufficient inherent power to become a successful
revolution, let the country know it. But if,-as I
fully believe, the Federal Government has power
to enforce its laws, and defend the honor of its
flag, on every foot of its soil—from the Atlantic
to the Pacific—let the world have evidence of that
power. To-morrow, next week—at the earliest
possible moment—let the invincible columnsmove
southward, and let the crushing blow be struck.
When the stars and the stripes float in peaceful
triumph over Richmond, Charleston, Savannah,
Mobile, and New Orleans, the witness and the
proof, not of subjugation, but of restoration and
protection, the people of the loyal States will feel
that the South is not conquered, but saved. I
knQ.w that it is their deliberate purpose to accom-
plish this; that this purpose call be shaken by
no disaster; that they have the power to carry it
into execution; and that they will never abandon
the contest, to which they have devoted their
lives, their fortunes, and theirsacred honor, until
the Constitution and Union shall be everywhere
acknowledged and supreme.
The petition was, oil motion of Mri Dixon,
ordered to lie on the table.
ELECTION OF SECRETARY OJ? THE SENATE.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution;
and if there be no objection, I should like to have
it acted on now:
Resolvei, That the Senate do now proceed to the elec-
tlon or a Secrutuiy of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to; and the Senate
piocecded to ballot for Secretary.
The ballots being collected and canvassed, the
result was announced, as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 36; necessary to
to a choice, 14; of which—
John W. Foi-ne}' loeeived 26
Astmry Oieldns    5
Wiliiam Hickt'y.  4
Jobnllrown  1
There were two blanks, which were not counted.
John W. Forney having received a majority
of the whole number of votes, was declared elected
Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. Foknet subsequently appeared, when the
oaths prescribed by law were administered to
him by the Vice President, and he entered upon
the discharge of his duties.
LIEUTENANT CHARLES THOMAS.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave to present the
memorial of Charles Thomas, a lieutenant in the
Navy of the United States, praying to be placed
on the list for active service. I ask that the me-
morial may be read, and I accompany it with a
joint resolution, and desire that both be referred
to the Committee on liaval Affairs.
I will state to the Senate that, among the acts
complained of the naval retiring board, there is
none that I know of that is harder than this in-
stance to which I now call the attention of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. This gentleman is
in the full possession of all his faculties, mental
and physical. He is comparatively a young man.
The retiring board struck his name off the list
