im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
without giving any reason whatever. He is very
anxious to give his services to the country; and
therefore memorializes Congress that his name
may be put upon the active list, and that he may
be put upon the same footing that he would have
occupied if the retiring board had not acted as it
did. I ask that the memorial may be read; it
discloses the facts much better than I can state
them; and then I ask that the joint resolution be
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The Chief Clerk read the petition, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress assembled:
The petition of the undersigned, Charles Thomas, a lieu-
tenant In the Navy of the United States, would most re-
spectfully represent:
That he entered the Navy of the United States as a mid-
shipman, on the 2d of February, 1829; that lie remained as
such until the 8tli of September, 18-11, when lie was promoted
to the rank of lieutenant, and continued as such in active
service (ten years and four months of which were spent at
sea) until September, 1865, when, by the act of Congress
creating the naval .retiring board, he, by that board, was
placcd on the reserved list, for what cause he has never
been able to ascertain—having, while holding the position
of an officer in the Navyoftho United States, always (as
he believes) performed his duty faithfully to his countiy,
and to the satisfaction of his .superior officers. That Irom
that timo until the year I860, ho was without employment
in the Navy of Ins country, to which he had devoted his
entire energies} that, m the said year 18G0, the then Sec-
letary of the Navy called him again into active service,
and placed him in command of the TJnitod States store-
ship Falmouth, stationed at At>pimvall; that he remained
in command ot said ship tor nearly nine months, when, by
order of the honorable Secretary of the Navy, on the 24th
of June, 1861, he transferred the command to Commander
E. W. Carpenter.
Fully believing himself to be, morally, mentally, and
physically, competent to perform any duty the Department
might think proper to honor him with, he would most re-
spectfully ask to be placed on the active list of the Navy,
and an opportunity given him to show, not only to the
board, but to th« whole woild, that he was unjustly dealt
with by said board.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedient
servant, CHARLES THOMAS,
Lieutenant United States Navy.
Baltimore, Md., July 13,1861.
The memorial was referred to the Committor
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LATHAM asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 6) to place the name of Lieutenant
Charles Thomas upon the active service list of the
United States Navy; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PETITION.
Mr. BROWNING presented the petition of
Y. Y. Ralston, and other residents of Gluincy,
Illinois, praying the establishment of a national
arsenal mid armory at that place; which was
referred to the Committee on iNaval Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADEa.sked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 22) for
the protection of Government contracts; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TEN EYCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
23) to organize a metropolitan police for the city
of Washington; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 24)
authorizing the Secretary of War to reimburse
the New York seventy-first regiment for expenses
incurred in employing a regimental band; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a.bill (S. No.
25) to confiscate property used for insurrection-
ary purposes; which was read twice by its titlev
reterred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 26) to provide for the confiscation
of property belonging to rebels; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRACTS 01" THE \YAIt DEPARTMENT.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to offer a resolution;
and if there be no objection, I ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That the .Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to inform the Senate what contracts have been
made by his Department since the 4th of March, 1861, giv-
ing the name and residence of the contractors, the article
or thing contracted for, the place where it was to be de-
livered, the sum paid for its performance or delivery, the
date and duration of the contract, or what military supplies
have been purchased since that date, the price paid lor the
same, of whom and where purchased; also, what payments
have been made to troops called out by the proclamation
of the President, since the 4th March. 1861, from whatap-
proprlations such payments have been made, or by author-
ity of what laws the warrants have been paid; whether
any, and what, bounties have been paid to volunteers, as
named above, for enlistment; if so, by authority of what
existing law.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Kentucky to
the resolution of inquiry already passed by this
body, introduced by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] covering, it seems to
me, the whole ground of this resolution.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think it reaches sev-
eral points in this resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. It reaches all the points,
according to my memory, except the amount
paid to volunteers.
Mr. POWELL. If it docs, the same answer
will cover both.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think we ought
to ask the same questions we have once asked,
and have the same replies that were made before.
I think if the gentleman would confine the resolu-
tion to that which the other one already adopted
does not cover, there would be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont ob-
ject to the present consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion lies over.
MESSAGE PROS! THE IIOUSE.
A message from the Houso of Representatives,
by Mr. Robert Morris, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A bill (No. 23) for the relief of certain musi-
cians and soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter, in
South Carolina; and
A bill (No. 27) to promote the efficiency of the
Army.
PINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution for closing the present
session of Congress on the 19th of July, at twelve
o 'clock, m.; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of State, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
names of the judges of the district courts of the
United States in the various States of the Union,
and a list of the districts m which there are va-
cancies; which, on motion ofMr. Trumbull, was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, a.nd
ordered to be printed.
REPORT OT? A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from'the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill, (H. R.
No. 19) making appropriations for the support of
the Navy for the fiscal year ending June 30,1862,
and appropriations of arrearages for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1861, reported it with amend-
ments.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to th£ consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 18) malting additional appropriations for the
support of the Army for the fiscal year ending
June 30, I8G2, and appropriations of arrearages
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861. There
is a particular reason in relation to a part of it, at
least, jwhy it should be considered and passed to-
day, ?f possible.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Conversation
is general in the galleries, and interrupts the pro-
ceeding of the body. The Chair gives notice to
all persons in the galleries, thatconversation there
must be entirely suspended. This order must be
regarded, even to the enforcement of clearing the
galleries if it be not so regarded.
The-first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance was, in section one, line twenty-
eight, after the word "volunteers," to insert "two.
millions;" so that the clause will read:
For pay of the three-months volunteers, $2,507,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
section two, making appropriations for the year
ending June 30,1861, to strike outlines six, seven,
eight, and nine; which are in the following words:
" For pay of threc-fnonths volunteers, $160,000.
" For pay of three-years volunteeis, $1,600,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment as a sep-
arate section:
be it further enacted^'Thcd all appropriations here-
tofore made for carrying oh the coast suivey upon the At-
lantic, Pacific, and lake coasts, be, and the same are hereby,
discontinued.
r. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
realbn given for that, besides my fiiend's scruplcs
abou\ the coas^survey. It has no connection at
alt wi\h this bjll.
Mr.TGRIIwES. My fear is that, in the Sena-
tor's es&n^ion, there never will be a bill before
the Senafeio which any proposition to curtail the
coast surrey, or suspend its operations, will be
applicable. I suppose it is as applicable to this
bill as it is to any other. It has been the habit
of Senators, and of the Senate,! believe, to attach
similar propositions to appropriation bills. My
object in offering the amendment is to suspend, as
is apparent from the amendment itself, the oper-
ations of the coast survey during the period of
this war. I suppose the Senator knows, and
everybody knows, that it is impossible for the
coast survey to be carried on now upon the At-
lantic coast, or probably upon the Pacific coast,
and we certainly have not the money to carry it
on upon the lake shores. I want to show to the
country, Mr. President, that while we are ap-
propriating $179,000,000in one bill, there is a little
evidence on the part of the Senate of a disposition
to curtail expenses somewhere else.
I have been told, I do not know with what
truth, sir, that in order to keep up the coast survey,
for which we appropriated last spring $450,000—
nearly half a million of money—the forces have
been transferred from the Atlantic, where it was
impossible, for them to carry on the survey, to the
lakes, where they are pretending to prosecute it,
and, for aught I know, are prosecuting it; but I
do not think we have the means for doing it now,
and therefore I wish that that money may be
diverted to another channel, and be used for the
energetic prosecution of this war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am hardly prepared to
coincide with the views of the Senator from Iowa
upon this subject. There has been no recom-
mendation of that kind made tons by the Depart-
ment which has it in charge—the Treasury De-
partment. I suppose that' this matter, like all
others, has been wisely considered; and if it was
thought necessary or advisable to disband this
corps at the present time, we should have had
some notice of it. At any rate, I am not pre-
pared to act upon the bare suggestion of the Sen-
ator with regard to the means at our disposal, so
far as to entirely overthrow this system; and this
is overthrowing it for a certain time at least.
We do not know how long this war may con-
tinue. It may end in the course of a few months;
but if it does not, and is likely to last for a much
longer period, I suppose we shall be advised m
due time of the necessity of suspending these
operations. Weare agreed, I take it, all, or sub-
stantially all, of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives, in the propriety of completing
this work, which has now gone so far. Its util-
ity none can question. The necessary result of
passing the amendment which has been proposed
by the Senator from Iowa is entirely to disband
the corps; and we all know, because it has been
demonstrated to us, that to disband it and reor-
ganize it again, as we may have to do in a very
short period, would be necessarily to entail a very
considerable expenditure of money on the Gov-
ernment, to say nothing of the difficult operation
