122
THE CONG-KES^ONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
from beginning to end, unless there is something
in the bill before us which calls for them. There-
fore now, once for all, I desire to give my vote in
such a way as shall discountenance the introduc-
tion of any of these propositions.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KING. I offer the following amendment,
to come in as an additional scction:
Jinrf be it further enactcd, That ali appropriations and all
provisions of law applicable to three-year3 volunteers, shall
appiy to two-yeais volunteers; and two-years volunteers
shall, in ail respects, he deemed, treated, and regarded as
three-years volunteers, except as to the time of service.
I will state the reason for offering this amend-
ment. In the StateofNew York, the Legislature
being in session, an act was passed before the call
was made by the President, in order to have their
troops ready. They would as soon have made
the term of service for one time as another; their
object was to answer the exigency of the Govern-
ment. Under these circumstances, a military
board was appointed for the organization of that
corps, a committee of which came here to Wash-
ington and consulted the Presidentand Secretary
of War on the subject. The result was an agree-
ment to accept the New York volunteers for two
years, to the extent of thirty-eight regiments—
thirty thousand men; and they are now in the
field. I simply propose to put these volunteers
thus accepted by the Government on the same
footing with the three-years volunteers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to amend
that by inserting a provision limiting it to this
bill. 1 do not like to legislate on this bill, and
intend merely to confine it to the appropriations.
So far, however, as payment is concerned,I sup-
pose there is no objection to making the appro-
priations contained in the bill applicable to the
volunteers spoken of by the Senator from Now
York.
Mr. KING. My hope and belief is, that the
time of service ofull these volunteers will be the
same. It is my opinion and hope that these dif-
ficulties will be brought to a close within less than
two years; but I feel as though there should ho no
question at any time in the Senate but that these
troops thus organized, officered, and sent to the
Government and accepted by them, should be
placed on the same footing as those that are in for
a longer time, or during the war. The three-
years volunteers are accepted for three years, or
during the war; they may only serve a year; they
may serve even less than a year. 11 is well to meet
the qui-stion at once, that the New York volunteers
thus organized and accepted shall be put on a foot-
ing with the three-years volunteers. I have no
doubt that many of them will serve longer, if they
are wanted to serve longer.
Mr. WILSON. The State of New York pro-
vided by law that the volunteers should serve for
two years. The State of Indiana promptly voted
to laise some regiments for twelve monlhs, and
has raised two regiments for twelve months. The
New Yolk regiments are in for two ye.us; two
regiments from Indiana are in for one year, and
the other regiments from Indiana for three years.
Now , we want to provide in paying these men, as
we have provided, or intended to provide, in the
bill wc passed the other day, that the volunteers
from New York and these two regiments from
Indiana shall stand upon the same footing as the
three-years volunteers, in all respects. That is
what the Senator fiom New York debires, I un-
derstand.
Mr. KING. That is right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear the
amendment read again. So far as this bill goes,
we ought only to piovule for the pay, andnot for
bounties, or anything of that kind.
Mr. King's amendment was again read,as fol-
lows:
Jind he it further enactcd. That all appioprl.Uionsand all
provision.- of law applicable to throf-years voluut<M-i-, shall
apply to two-ycnix volunteer; and two-y^at-. volnmeeis
shall hi all le^pucK lv d-em'-d, mwteJ, and ro^inled as
tlnee-)e,ir.s volunteer, oxrept a- to the tune of seivico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not cover it.
The Senate, of course, on this bill, does not want
to provide for anything except the payment of
those volunteers; and it should be so limited.
Mr. KING. I think it well to provide for ita.ll
so as to prevent any question being raised here-
after. My own opinion is, that all the volunteers
raised by States and acceptcd by the Government j
should be put on the same footing. I would put I
the Indiana one-year volunteers on the same foot-
ing. The amendment I have offered is designed
to do that; to treat all the volunteers who have
thus far been accepted by the Government in the
same manner, whether they have been accepted
for a longer or a shorter period of service. Trfey
are all liable to be discharged before the expira-
tion of two years. The two-years volunteers are
to serve for two years,unless sooner discharged;
and when their services are not wanted any
longer, they will be discharged. If they are mus-
tered outat an earlier period than two years, they
will all go out together. Of the number acceptcd
by the Government, those who promptly came
here I think should not be put on a worse footing
than others. I think we had better meet the case
by a general provision, and say that all these vol-
unteers shall be put on the same footing. If here-
after other volunteers are wanted for different pe-
riods of service, the terms and conditions on which
they shall serve may be provided in the law au-
thorizing their being called out. I hope the Sen-
ator from Maine will conscnt to let this provision
be clear and full.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to any
such thing. The Senator ought to be aware, and
doubtless is, that this is nothing but an appropri-
ation bill furnishing the money to pay the troops.
I am opposed entirely to having provisions that
properly belong to the bills under consideration
before the Senate, introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, added to this bill. If
you want any general legislation upon the subject
of volunteers, whether for three years, two years,
or a less term, put it on the bill to which it ap-
propriately belongs, and do not embarrass this
measure with a subject of that desciiption, which
is entirely out of place. If the Senator will con-
fine his amendment to a provision which is per-
fectly simple, making ail the provisions of law in
this bill contained respecting payments of money
for services to volunteers, applicable to all vol-
unteers who have enlisted for a period exceeding
three months, I have no objection to it; it would
be* proper enough ; but when you come to say that
all, for whatever time they may have enlisted, are
to be included with relation to bounties and other
arrangements that are made to induce men to en-
list and serve through the war, then it becomes,
in my judgment, entirely improper. This bill is
an improper place for it. To put it here will only
tend to embarrass the passage of the bill, and I
am opposed to it here at any rate.
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from Maine
states, this is simply an appropriation bill; and it
seems to me all we want to do is, to provide that
the provisions of this bill shall apply to the two-
yeam volunteers of New York and the one-year
volunteers of Indiana. The bill that the Senate
has already passed takes care of the two-years
volunteeis of New York and the one-year volun-
teers of Indiana, and places them on the same
footing with the three-years volunteers. I would
suggest to the Senator from New York that
theiefore it is not necessary to put all these pro-
visions in this bill. They are already provided
foi.
Mi*. KING. The reason for my offering this
amendment was, that I found in this appropri-
ation bill an omission of any provision for the
payment of the two-years volunteers or the vol-
unteers for a shorter period of service. It was
unquestionably an omission, because there is no
intention to withhold payment from these troops,
[f it is the intention of the Senate to put them on
the snme footing with others, it will not embar-
rass this bill or any other. It is no matter where
the provision is made which puts these volunteers
all on the same footing. My desire is to have a
general clause that shall put them all on the same
footing, somewheie in one of the bills; because I
find tlu t these bills have been drawn omitting en-
tirely all provision for the two-years volunteers.
1 desire to provide for them now, lest by any acci-
dent such a provision should escape m the other
bills. I suppose it tt> be the intention of the Sen-
ate to make all these provisions applicable to ali
the volunteeis; and I would inquiie of the Sena-
tor from Maine if he does not so intend?
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as this bill goes;
but we do not want to put on this bill a provision
that belongs properly to other measures.
Mr. KING, It seems to me it must go into
some general bill in order to pass the House of
Representatives. It is an omission, an error, in
all these bills, that the two-years volunteers have
not been-provided for. There is no doubt about
that. I propose to correct it. I find no fault about
it. Itis a mere omission, unintentional, no doubt;
but I fear that the same omission may occur in
other bills. I therefore desire and hope that the
Senate will consent-now to put all these volun-
teers on the same footing.
Mr. "WILSON. In the volunteer bill passed
by the Senate, this case is covered fully and com-
pletely, and intended to be so, to apply to the vol-
unteers of New York and of Indiana.
Mr. KING. The case of appropriations?
Mr. WILSON. It puts them precisely in all
respects on the same footing, with the same priv-
ileges and bounties, and under the same regula-
tions as though they were three-years volunteers;
and all you want here, is to apply this appropri-
ation bill to them. That is all.
Mr. KING. I can see.no objection to makingthis
provision general, unless there be a willingness that
m some of the bills, all of which, as I believe, have
been drawn without describing these volunteers
according to their technical term, they shall have
the benefits which are to be given to the volunteers
for three years. I do not understand the objec-
tion to makingthis provision general. I am will-
ing to make the provision applicable to this bill
of course, but I want it applicable in all cases,
and I want a general provision in order that there
may be no accidental omission of these volunteers
for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I can suggest an
amendment which.will cover everything m rela-
tion to this bill? Let the proposition lieputinthis
shape:
JInd be it farther enacted, Th;it alt appiepilations and all
provisions of law heroin contained, applicable to three-years
volunteers, shall .appiv to two-yeais volunteers, and all
other volunteers who have enlisted for a period exceeding
three mouths
Mr. KING. I would strikeout of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, the words
" herein contained." I desire to embrace the In-
dianaand Ohio volunteers for a shorter period than
three years; but I am disposed to take the vote of
the Senate, and I am sorry to find the chairman
objecting. 1 ask him how these other volunteers
came to be omitted in this bill? They have been
omitted in all of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is said that the appro-
priation made for the payment of volunteers is in
this bill applicable solely to the three-years vol-
unteers. Now it so happens that there are those
who have volunteered for two years, for one year,
and for six months. It is desiiablc to provide for
paying the whole of them, and it is meant to pro-
vide for paying the whole of them. By the amend-
ment which I have suggested, that provision is
made. It provides that everything herein con-
tained with regard to appropriations,&c., in this
bill, shall apply to those classes of volunteers.
The difference between me and the Senator from
New York is that, on this bill, he desires to put
aiider, declaring that all provisions made already,
or that hereafter may be made, no matter what,
applicable to three-years volunteers, shall apply
just as well to any volunteer whatever, who may
have enlisted, perhaps, for no more than one hun-
dred days. 1 am opposed to that. When you
come to see what those provisions are which are
contained in the other bills, then we can under-
stand it; but 1 do not want to make it in advance
upon this bill, which regards the payment of
money. In this bill which regards the payment
ofmoneyand nothing else, I am willing that they
shall be put on a level. Here they aie equal; else*
where they may be equally provided for. That
is all.
Mr. KING. Now I come to understand the
objection to the amendment which I have pro-
posed; and it is simply that there is an unwilling-
ness to put these volunteers on the same foot-
ing 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No such thing.
Mr. KING. The only effect of changing the
amendment as I offered it is to prevent this bill
putting them on the same footing. The amend-
ment as I offered it does put them on the same
footing in all respects. Here has been an omis-
sion—an omission unintentional, no doubt—run-
ning through all these bills, so that they apply
