1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLO
/
128
only to the three-years volunteers. Undoubtedly,
if the mattSr had been thought of by those who
prepared them, the bills would have been made
applicable to all the volunteers. I merely desire,
by some general declaration, to put these volun-
teers on the same footing. The Senator from
Maine intimates to-me that he is willing they
shfluld all be put on the same footing, though I
understood him to say, in advocating his amend-
ment, that his objection to mine was that it put
them on the same footing. I move to amend his
amendment by striking out the words " herein
contained."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Maine is an amendment to an
amendment, and as such is not susceptible of fur-
ther amendment. The only way the Senator from
New York can accomplish his object will be to
vote down the amendment of the Senator from
Maine. The question is on the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. KING. I should like to hearthe amend-
ment read as proposed. I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine to be a substi-
tute for mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. KING. Let me hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say " have been or
may be received into the service of the United
States," instead of" who have enlisted."
Mr. KING. I agree to that. All of ours have
been received at any rate.
The amendment was read as modified.
Mr. KING. I did not hear the limitation that
I understood was there. I should like to hear
the Clerk read it again as last proposed by the
Senator from Maine, distinctly.
The Chief Clerk read, as follows:
Jlnd be it, further enacted, That all appropriations and
all provisions of law herein contained, applicable to three-
yeais volunteers, shall apply to two-years volunteeis, and
all other volunteers who have been or may be received
into the service of the United States for apeiiotf exceeding
three months.
The amendmentofMr. Fessenden, as modified,
was agreed to; and the original amendment of
Mr. King, as thus amended, was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I desire to offer
an amendment to this bill; on page 9, after line
one hundred and eighty-five, to insert:
For increasing the military defenses in the harbor of New
York, $200,000.
It may not be known to Senators generally that
there is in the city of New York great uneasiness
feit 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise to a question of
order upon that amendment. I believe it is not
in order, according to the rules.
Mr. HARRIS. If it is not in order, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the question; let
the Chair decidc.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
excluded by the rule of the Senate which requires
amendments that increase appropriations to be
made in pursuance of a recommendation from a
Department, or on the report of a committee. The
30th rule is in these words:
"No amendment, proposing additional appropiiations,
shall be received to any general appropii.uion bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of s ome existing law,
or some act or resolution, previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments."
Under that rule, the impression of the Chair is
that the amendment is excluded.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurred in and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentative were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia:
A bill (No. 23) for the relief of certain musi-
cians and soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter, in
South Carolina; and
A bill (No. 27) to promote the efficicncy of the
Army.
Increase of the army. \ /
The Senate resumed the consideration eft the
bill (S. No. 2) to increase the present military
establishment of the United States. On Saturday
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in with the exception of
the following:
■And be it further enacted, That the increase of the mil-
itary establishment created or authorized by this act is
declared to be for service during tiie existing insurrection
and rebellion; and within six months alter the constitu-
tional authority of the Government of the United States
shall be reestablished, and organized resistance to such
authority shall no longer exist, the military establishment
shall be reduced to the number, grade, rank, and pay author-
ized by law on the 1st day of May, 1861. *
Mr. Fessenden moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out " six months" and insert-
ing " one year;" and the pending question is on
this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KING. I assent to that, of course.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when this prop-
osition was first submitted, I was opposed to it.
Being pressed, however, strongly by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. King,] and wishing, if
possible, to obtain a united vote, I said to that
Senator that I would not resist that amendment;
and the other day I made that statement on the
floor of the Senate. I have since reflected, how-
ever, on the subject; and I am constrained to say
that I must change the assurance I then gave,
and must oppose the amendment. I believe that
its adoption will work injuriously to the public
service. Upon that point I entertain no doubt
whatever. The plan of the Government has been
to fill one half of the field and company officers
above the rank of second lieutenant out of officers
from the old regiments. It will take about three
hundred men from the old regiments and put them
in these new regiments; and, sir, I venture to say
that these new regiments, when completed, will
be as well officered, if not better officered, than
the old regiments; I think better. One of these
regiments is a regiment of flying artillery, a regi-
ment to he gotten up solely of good men; and it
will take three or four years properly to instruct
the men and the horses.
Mr. GRIMES. How long?
Mr. WILSON. Three or four years. So say
some of our bestofficers, andamongthem Colonel
Sherman, who wrote me a letter which I received
from his headquarters yesterday in regard to that
point. He thoughtit was very important to know
precisely what the Government intended to do in
raising that regiment.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator then pro-
pose to extend the term of enlistment more than
three years? [f it requires more than three years
to drill the officers and men how does it happen
that we limit the period of enlistment to three
years?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator
frankly. We do not propose to disband the regi-
ment; we do not propose to disband the horses,
nor sell them; we propose to enlist our men for
three years; and the probabilties arc that they
will reenlist. This amendment is a proposition
to destroy the regiment when raised. I am op-
posed to it, and it seems to me unwise, in the
present condition of the country, to put in this
proviso in the length and breadth proposed. If
it were a pro viso saying that this force was raised
at this time to meet the present wants of the coun-
try, and as soon as, or one year after, the war
closed, the President should reduce the Army
according to the wants of the country, without
specifying how, leaving the Government to pre-
serve these new regiments or a portion of the old
regiments, I would not object to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It it so now.
Mr. WILSON. It may be so; but upon that
point I think it very doubtful.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the amendment be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk again read it.
Mr. WILSON. I may be in error in regard
to the preservation of those regiments, but the
amendment provides that the whole Army shall be
reduced in grade, rank, pay, and number, to what
it was on the 1st day of May last. Sir, I think
the provision too particular and too sweeping. I
think wo had better make no amendment at all;
but if an amendment be adopted, I think it had
better be left more general in its terms. X must
confess, sir, that I do not see the wisdom of any
amendment, or why we at this time, in proposing
to raise this force, should provide for its disband-
ment. Why may we not trust the Congress that
shall then be assembled, trust the President who
shall then be in the Government of the country,
and trust the American people, to settle that ques-
tion according to their own interests ? The Sen-
ator from New York has great faith in the Ameri-
ican people. I agree with him in that; but, sir,
Congress will be as wise one year after we have
put down thisrebellion,as we are to-day. X think
wo shall then know what the country wants;
whether it wants the twenty-two or twenty-three
thousand men provided for by the passage of this
act, in addition to what we already have,- or
whether it wants to come back to the fourteen
thousand men we now have enlisted. In this
emergency, with these men ordered out in the
mode they have been, I think it better to leave that
question to be settled by the future.
Such an amendment cannot fail to work most
injuriously. If the officers of these newregiments
were all taken from civil life, then we might dis-
band those regiments at the end of three years
without any trouble; but, sir, one half of them
have been taken from the old Army. None of
those officers will go into these new regiments
with the same confidence they would have if they
remained in their old ones, and they will tell you
so. They think that most of the old regiments,
being small regiments, will be kept at the end of
the contest, and that the new regiments created by
this act will be those, that will be disbanded; and
further, that by taking commands in these new
regiments they are more likely to be thrown out
at the end of the contest. Men who have agreed
to accept commissions in these newregiments are
in trouble in regard to this matter to-day, are
anxious about it, and some of them are regretting
that they left their old places in the old regiments.
Why then press this proposition ? In this crisis
of the country, when these troops have been called
out in the mode and manner in which they have
been, why should we continue to press this amend-
ment on the country ? If it would work no harm,
if it would do no injury, I would not care about
its being inserted in the bill, for this reason: be-
lieving that the country will know what it wants
when this contest is ended, that the Congress of
the United States will reflect the will of the peo-
ple, and that the people and Congress can decide
this question as well as we can, and better too, I
would be willing that they should settle it, and I
would not object to its being in the bill; but I am
confident, and I know it is the opinion of nearly
every man connected with the Army, thaw this
amendment as it now stands will work injuriously
to the Army of the United States.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have not the
vanity to suppose that anything I can say will
change the views of any Senator upon this ques-
tion ; and yet, sir, I cannot satisfy my own sense
of duty by giving a silent vote upon this amend-
ment.
This measure of increasing the Army has been
entered upon asameasureof the Administration.
It has been thought proper by the Administra-
tion to enlarge the permanent force of the coun-
try by adding eleven regiments. Without wait-
ing for an act of Congress, the execution of that
measure has been commenced. Officers have
been commissioned, and have boon sent to various
parts of the country to organize their regiments,
and have entered upon the business of recruiting.
Now, sir, it seems to me that for us to adopt this
amendment will be virtually, practically, indi-
rectly, to defeat this measure of the Administra-
tion; for I maintain that if this amendment be
adopted, we convert these regiments into volun-
teer forces. They will amount to nothing else.
Why, sir, we have commissioned, as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has stated, some three
hundred officers of the Army as officers of these
new regiments. What will be the effect of this
amendment upon those gentlemen ? -I ask you,
sir, I ask any Senator, what will be its effect?
Will an officer of the Army, who supposes he
holds his position for life, accept a commission of
major in one of these new regiments with the ex-
pectation that that regiment will be disbanded at
the end of the war, and he thrown out of employ-
ment, when ho holds the rank of captain in one of
