THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
.your present regiments ? No man will be so un-
wise as to do this; and you may depend that the
effect of this amendment will be to drive off these
three hundred officers that are now proposing to
accept offrce in these new regiments, back into
their old regiments; and these new regiments will
become nothing more than regiments of volun-
teers
'Again, sir; I have long been of opinion that
our Array was quite insufficient for the exigencies
of the country; and this opinion has been greatly
strengthened by the remarks that I have heard
from Senators representing the States on our fron-
tiers. It has seemed to me that an army that
was adequate for the state of the country when
it was not half so large; when we had not half so
great a frontier; when our population was not
half so great, was quite inadequate even for a peace
establishment at the present day. More than
this, sir; let this war terminate as it may; let
peace be established to-morrow, if you please;
let the necessity for a large volunteer force ccase;
you know, sir, every Senator knows, that it will
be necessary, for years to come, probably during
the whole of our lives, to maintain, at certain
important positions, military force. Wo cannot
conceive of a state of things which will make it
expedient or prudent to dispense with a large
military force in our country; and no man," I
apprehend, will suppose that that force can be
sustained by a volunteer militia.
Cut, sir, 1 have another objection to this amend-
ment. I object to it because it amounts to nothing
as a matter of legislation. It seeks to proscribe
to our successors at some future day a rule of
action. I think it is enough for us to attend to
the legislation of our own time, and to leave to a
future Congress to dispose of this question as
they shall see fit. 1 suppose, sir, that a future
Congress may disband these new regiments, or
the old regiments, as they shall deem most expe-
dient. These regiments, as was well remarked
by the Senator fiom Massachusetts the other day,
are got up on a much more economical scale than
the old regiments of the Army. Where in ihe old
regiments of the Army there were three colonels,
here we have one; where there were three lieu-
tenant colonels, here we have one; where there
were six majors, here we have tluee; and the
companies are nearly twice as huge as in the old
regiments; so that in these new regiments there
is a saving to the Government of neatly one half
of the expenses of the officers. if we were to
aboiii-di any poition of the Auny; if any of the
regiments were to be disbanded, in my judgment,
it should be the old regiments; but this amend-
ment seems to look to a disbandment of the new
remanents at the end of the war. 1 am opposed
to it entirely.
Mi. HALE. Mr. President, it is well known
to everybody who has watched the course of so
humble an individual as myself, that I have always
been opposed to an increase of the Aimy, and
been m favor of the diminution of it; but 1 listened
with a good deal of pleasure to the remai ks of the
honoiuble Senator from New Yojk, and [ agree
to the policy lh.it he assumes in opposition to this i
amendment. I think the amendment is unwise at :
this tune. 1 think we ought to put forth vmor- i
ously whatever force we intend to put tuith, and ,|
we should not paralyze the morale of the Army
by such a prospective decapitation of them all as
this amendment proposes. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof," so far as this matter is
concerned; and I will not answer, as I otheiwise
would, the remarks which felt from the Senator
from New York m regard to the necessity of a
standing army, and of a large one. I am willing
to give this force which the President asks, and
trust to the wisdom of those who will be our places
when this war ceases, or those of us that are left
here. Though 1 challenge any man m the Senate,
or any one who has ever been in the Senate since
I have been heie, to find one who has been more
radically opposed to an increase of the Auny, and
who lias been more earnestly in favor even of a
diminution.of it than I have; yut, with great def-
oieiiee to the gravity and wisdom of the seinoi
Senator from New Yoik, [Mr. Krxo,] I think this
is an unwise place to mgiaft such an amendment
as tins. I think we had better give this Army,
and give it ail the means that we can, all the
strength and encouragement we can, without hang-
ing this ban over them to tell them that when the
war is over they shall bo disbanded* When the
war is over, the Army will be reduced; and will
be greatly reduced, I nope and trust and believe.
I believe that the experience of this war will be
to show that we do not want a standing army,
but«only.such a standing army as Rhode Island
had, and Massachusetts had, and as Maine will
have under the wise and judicious legislation
which she has introduced, and which I trust all
of the States will have. While I think such will
be the result of the experience of this war, I think
it would be most unwise to ingraft such an amend-
ment as this on the bill at this time.
I would not have made even this explanation,
sir, had I not always heretofore opposed any in-
crease of the regular Arn>y.
Mr. GRIMES. One of the great arguments
that seems to be urged by gentlemen in opposition
to the proposition submitted by the Senator from
New York is, that a great many of these officers
who have been prospectively assigned to these
eleven regiments, are taken from the line and staff
of the old Army, and when the new regiments are
disbanded they will be left out of employment.
Now, I propose, if this amendment of the Senator
from New York shall be adopted, to introduce a
provision declaring that the officers appointed
from the line and the staff of the old Army to these
eleven regiments, shall be permitted to resume
their old positions in the line at the expiration
of the three yeais, or at the expiration of their
term of service. The Senator from Massachu-
setts urges that these are the best officers of the
Army that have been transferred from the old
line into the new regiments, for the sake of leav-
ening the whole lump. Let them go into the new
regiments and leaven the lump; let them create
that discipline and morale which they say they
want to communicate to the eleven new regi-
ments; and then when we want to disband a por-
tion of the Army, and reduce it to a peace estab-
lishment, if it would be unjust to them to turn
them out of employment, let t hem go back to their
old places, and let the civilians who have been
appointed in the old regiments to supply their
places go back to civil life. That seems to be
what the Senator is aiming at. lie is trying to
take care of the tegular Army officers, and not to
take care ot the civilians. All the appeals that
have been made to us ou this subject have been
m behalf of the icgular Army ofliceis, and not in
behalf of the civilians who have been appointed.
The Senator said if regular Army officers had not
been appointed to the.se eleven icgiments, he would
not say a single word in their behalf, but would
allow those eleven regiments to be disbanded; but
because Army officers have been transferred into
the new regiments, these long appeals Are made
to US.
Now, Mr. President, permit me to say that
there is not a man m this Senate who will go be-
f«jie me in a disposition nnilin an anxiety to fur-
nish to the President of the United States every
means m my power, or m the power of tins body,
to put down this very causeless and wicked re-
bellion; but 1 do not believe that, by the creation
of these eleven regiments, we do put any power
m his hands. Although 3 am willing to vote for
this bill as it has now passed through the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and place these eleven regi-
ments in his hands m the diameter of volunteers,
I do believe that in that character, or m the char-
acter of a regular Army, they will be inefficient to
him, because there is a prejudice against a standing
aimy. Men cio not wish to enlist into the regu-
lar service. Why, sir, your Army now is author-
ized by law to bo established at seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred; and how many men have
you left m your service? Why, you lack several
thousand of having as many recruited in your
service as you are authorized by law to have in
your old regiments; and yet, knowing that you
cannot reciuit the old regiments, which you have
been attempting to iecruit for thieeor four months,
you undeitake to raise another regular service to
the extent of twenty-four thousand men, and
fasten that upon t!m country as a permanent stand-
ing army, knowing all the time that it hps been
impossible for you to increase your old regiments
up to the standard authoiized by law. 1 do not
know with what truth the statement is made m
the newspapers, but i see it stated that the week
before last, m New Yoik city, whcie are the
headquarters of the eleventh regiment, and where
there are between forty and fifty officers on re-
cruiting stations, the whole number of men re-
cruited for the whole six days was twelve—two
men to a day. That is the progress they are mak-
ing with the recruiting of these eleven regiments.
If, instead of sending forty men there, you had
sent one man, and called .for volunteers in the
name of the United States, instead ofhaving only
twelve men, you would have had twelve thousand.
It is said here that they want a more efficient
force than the volunteers. Now, I should like to
know, sir, if you call for volunteers for three
years, if it is not just as possible to drill them,
and to make them just as effective and as good
soldiers, as it is if you enroll them under the name
of regulars? In order to securc the recruiting of
these eleven regiments, you have reduced the
period of enlistment from five to three years, and
you propose to give them the same bounty for
recruiting that yon give to your volunteers. You
therefore have a period of service of only three
years. Now, can you not make those volunteers
just as efficient and just as good soldiers as if they
were called regulars, and you had no provision
by which they should be disbanded at the end of
the war, or at the end of three years? I appre-
hend you could.
Another argument urged here is, that we -need
a larger standing army. I do not believe it. I
cannot sympathize m that argument. I believe,
with my ancestors, that standing armies are hos-
tile in their tendency and effect on republican
governments; that they are provocative of wars;
and I am not willing to say to the people of my
section of the country that they are hereafter to
support a larger standing army than that which
is now authorized by law. In this country, wo
want nothing but our armories, our arsenals, our
depots of arms, and the nucleus around which,
when a great exigency arises, the volunteers of
the country can rally. We do not want any better
evidence of it than we have seen during the last
three months. When the President of the United
States issued his proclamation for volunteers to
defend this capital against the enemies of the coun-
try, regiment after regiment of volunteers and
militia marched with greater celeiity and with
greater precision than any regulars that have ever
been in the employment of the Government of the
United States; and when the volunteers have ex-
hibited the patriotism, the military ardor, and the
military skill, that they have exhibited during the
last three months, it is not the time for the Govern-
ment, or the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, or for any other gentleman, to say
that we must raise a large regular force, because
the volunteers cannot betelied upon; because they
are not firm enough in action. The volunteers,
with a little moie expeuence, will become as effi-
cient, and, in my humble opinion, more efficient,
than any regulars that will be drilled under the
officers who have been proclaimed to the world as
the appointees of the Administration to take charge
of these eleven regiments.
Mr. President, if we need a larger standing
army, after this war is over, it is not for us to
determine the magnitude of that army, but for
our successors. It is not for us to dampen the
ardor of the people at home whom we lepiesent,
by telling them that hereafter, if they support this
war and support the Administration, they are to
have fastened upon them a huge standing army
of forty-three thousand men. Let me tell you
more, Mr. President; the inevitable result of in-
creasing the regular Aimy, by the creation of
these eleven regiments, will be to enlarge the old
regiments up to the standard of these new ones.
When the chanman of the committee fust intro-
duced his bill it had a provision to thateilect; but
he or the committee has stiicken it out. If that
provision bad been adopted, the standing army
to be fastened upon the people of tins country,
instead of being seventeen thou sand eight hundred,
would have he.'n sixty-live thousand seven hun-
d'red, besides your two icgiments of engineers,
your ordnance, and your staff, amounting to sev-
enty thousand men,cosiing the Government about
one thousand dollnis pei day, or §70,01)0,000 a
year. 1 am not pieparod to vote for any such
standing auny, or to provide, or to declare m any
way, that we have got to laiseanythinghke such
an amount of money as that to suppoita future
peace establishment. I am willing to vote all the
volunteers that may be necessary; I am willing
