1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
to assist in making these regiments into volunteer
regiments; but never into regiments of a standing
. army.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa arraigns me before the Senate for
having an anxiety to take care of the Army offi-
cers, and watching over their interests. I do not
profess—I never have professed—to be devotedly
attached to the interests of Army officers. I have
been upon the Military Committee more than four
years; I have been brought in contact with offi-
cersof the Army of the United States; and I must
say, that my admiration of those officers has not
been increased by my experience; but, sir, I will
say here to-day what I believe to be true, that
this Government, at this time, is not watching as
it should watch over the interests and the rights
of the Army officers of the United States.
Sir, we had, I believe, about seven hundred
field and company officers in the one hundred and
ninety-four companies or nineteen regiments of
the old Army. Something like one hundred and
fifty of those officers have resigned their places,
and some of them are following the flag of rebel-
lion against the country; some of them are in
private life. They have left behind them some
five hundred and fifty officers. Most of them
have shown their devotion and their fidelity to
the country. They stand by your flag to-day;
they obey your orders; and whether they feel
that they are treated justly or unjustly, in the face
of the enemies of their country, they are true to
thl cause of their country. Now, when we be-
lieve the interests of thecoun try require an increase
of the Army of the United States, 1 say it is the
part of every legislator to say to it, as far as in
him lies, that the interests of the faithful men who
stand by the flag of the country shall be caied for.
The Senator says that I rcmai ked that if these
regiments were to be officered by civilians, we
could dismiss them at the end of three years. So
wc could; and work no particular injury, for this
reason: by organizing these eleven regiments, and
enlisting the men for three years, and appointing
the officers from civil life, we simply make eleven
regiments of volunteers—nothing more, nothing
less; and when you bring men into the Army from
civil life, if you tell them their commissions are
to run only for three years, they can go out of the
Army without any difficulty, and without any in-
justice. But, sir, in order to make these new reg-
iments efficient, the Government has adopted the
plan—and I believe it to a wise one—of putting
in every one of these regiments twenty-seven offi-
cers from the line of the Army—men of culture,
men of experience, men fitted to make these regi-
ments at once veteran troops.
The Senator asks why they are better than the
volunteers. Does not the Senator see why they
are better? You have appointed eleven colonels
for those regiments. Nine of those colonels, I
think, are taken fiom the Army. One of them
is a brother of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. a man educated, I think, at
West Point—a man who has served the country,
a gentleman acknowledged by military men to be
a man of great capacity, who is at the head of a
brigade over the river to-day. Then, sir, you
have taken for colonels ten out of eleven men
trained to the Army, and who have served their
country in the public service. Take your list of
lieutenant colonels and majors, and there you find
men who are officers of the Army. Open your
list of captains and of first lieutenants, and you
will see about half of them taken from the Army.
Would not a regiment thus organized, led by ex-
perienced and brave officers, be incomparably
better at the end of a few days than a regiment
raised in Massachusetts, or in Iowa, or New York,
with not an officer, perhaps, trained in military
affahs in the ranks uf the regiment? You make
these regiments at once, in the course of a very
few days, good troops, to be relied on m all emer-
gencies.
The Senator asks me in an under tone if we can
enlist these men. I think there will be no diffi-
culty in filling the ranks. I think, when the bill
passes which allows them to be enlisted for three
years, and gives them a bounty of £100 at the end
of three years, and these officers are able to enter
the field to reciuit, that they will fill up the ranks
in a short time. It is true, it has been difficult to
fill up the ranks of the Army for five years with-
out any bounty, when you take anybody in the
volunteers without even the medical examination
necessary, the fruits of which are before you in
the hundreds of sick men that you have to dismiss
and send home. I say without even a medical
examination you take a man in the volunteers for
the war and pay him §100 bounty* atyfcough the
war may close in a few months.
Mr. COLLAMER. We do not pay bounty.
Mr. WILSON. Let me say to the Senator
from Vermont that when the Administration called
for volunteers for three years it promised that they
should be enlisted for three years, or during the
war, and that at the end of the war each man
should have a bounty of $100; and it is in the
present bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. X ask the Senator if there
is not also a sum paid by the States to the volun-
teers in addition to what they receive from the
United States?
Mr. WILSON. In many of the States, in ad-
dition to this liberal policy of the Government,
the States or the townships have appropriated
money—have increased the wages of the volun-
teers largely. In some townships of my own
State they pay men a dollar a day, or agreed to
pay them when they started. All sorts of bounties
were poured out by the patriotic men of the coun-
try, to induce men to go into the volunteers.
Under this pressure, under this mighty uprising
and impulse, the ranks of the volunteer regiments
were rapidly filled up; and if you want two hun-
dred thousand more you can have them, I have
no doubt, m the next thirty or forty days. Under
such circumstances, it could not be expected that
the lanks of the Army would be easily filled up,
where they are paiticular about men in many re-
spects; where there is no bounty at all,and wheie
they are compelled to serve for five years. This
bill provides that they shall be raised for three
years, and that they shall have, at the end of the
three ycais, a bounty of £]00. In other words,
they are placed on the same footing as the volun-
teer regiments.
The Senator from Iowa would not depress and
dampen the patriotic aidor of the country, by
letting the country understand that they have to
support a large Army at the end of the war.
Now, air, Intake it the country understands its
own interests; and when this contest is closed,
as I hope it will be closed at least in a year, I
take it the public burdens will be such, the taxa-
tion will'be such, that the people will seek all
proper ways to reduce their expenditures; and
if they have a man in the Army more than they
want, they will strike that man's name from the
rolls. Believing that the people then will know
what they want, what their own interests require,
and that they will be just ?s competent to decide
this question as we aie to-day, I choose to leave
the question with them.
Now, sir, a single word in regard to the Army.
It is a well known fact that we have about fifteen
thousand miles of frontier,and during the last few
years wc have had about fifteen thousand men in
the Army—one man to a mile on your frontier.
You have three thousand square miles of terri-
tory, and thirty million people; and the idea
that a little aimy of ten, fifteen, twenty, or forty
thousand men can be dangerous to the liberties of
the people, I think ought to be scouted by every
American citizen. Our fortifications from Maine
to the Rio Grande, during the last few yeais, have
stood without, sentinels, or guardians, or anybody
to fill them. You have had a little Army, and ithas
cost about a thousand dollars a man. When you
had your fortifications filled with a proper force,
and when you had youi frontieis not &o large as
tlicy aie now, you suppoited your A rmy foi $400
a man, yearly. You have carried it up to more
than $800 a year. Yon have had no stationary
forces. You have had a little foice that has had
to fly from one end of the country to the other,
and the great increase of expense has been owing
to your vast expanse of tenitory, and your im-
mense bills for transportation. A force thut did
not require to hurry a company from one end of
the Union to the other, as wn have had to do,
would cost less per man than does this little force,
that you have to scatter up and down the country,
and keep on the wings of the wind ail the time.
That is the fact about it.
Sir, I believe if we had in October last placed
men in the fortifications where General Scott then
asked the Administration to allow him to place
them, that you would have held the forts otf\
Charleston and the mouth of the Mississippi to-
day; that you would have hold, fortifications on
the Gulf that would have checked this rebellion, -
or, if it had not checked it, "would have enabled*
you to hold those strong positions which ybtt;
have lost and have got to take back at the cost of
millions of money, and nobody can say here Jo-
day how much of human blood. General Scott
asked the Administration in October last—when-"
he saw to some extent what the country now.
sees, that there was a rebellion being organized—
to allow him to placc men in certain important
fortifications in order to hold those strong military
positions. It was thought that it would excite
men who proposed to raise the flag of treason, and
the advice of the old chieftain was disregarded,
and the forts at the mouth of the Mississippi were,
lost; other important military posts and forts were
lost; and now you propose to raise a military
force to recover and reconquer them.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says that a force
of forty thousand men last fall, properly distrib-
uted, would have prevented all this trouble.
Mr. WILSON. Not forty thousand; I said a
proper force.
Mr. GRIMES. A proper force in the hands
of proper men. If that force would exercise a
conservative influence and save the country, un-
der certain circumstances, would it not be equally
dangerous to the liberties of the country, if it was
controlled by wicked and improper men? Now
my conviction is that if we had had a standing
army last winter to the extent of seventy thousand
men in this country under the command of the
then Secretary of War, the present President of
the United States would never have been inau-
gurated in the office which he holds.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, thatis a
matter of opinion. The Senator has a right to
entertain it. 1 do not entertain such an opinion.
Sir, I have heard a great deal of treason in the
Aimy. i am not the apologist of treason in or out
of the; Army; but I am not one of those who be-
lieve that treason originated in the Army, or that
treason was taught these men at West Point. On
the contrary, sir, the teachers of treason were the
men who filled seats on this floor and the floor of
the House of Representatives; the men who filled
places in the Cabinet; the politicians of the coun-
try, who saw that, by the providence of God, by
the growth of the population of this country,and
by the spread of liberal ideas, power was to pass
from their hands; and they, accepting the doc-
trines of secession, have taught treason to the
country; and their own people, accepting their
teachings, and raising the banner of revolt, have
snatched from your Army men who went, many
of them, with tears m their eyes, and unwillingly,
to the call of their States, their wives, their chil-
dren, and their friends; and to-day, sir, while we
are here, there are men with our columns in Vir-
ginia, born on the soil of Virginia, whose rela-
tives and friends, mothers and wives, are implor-
ing them to resign their commissions and come
home and live with the people of their States, and
they on the soil of their native State are fighting
under the banner of the Republic. Sir, 1 think
injustice has been done the Army ni thesecharges
that have been made, as though the Army of the
United States led in thistnason. 1 do not think so.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator docs not
mean to comey the idea that I am throwing any
aspersions on the Army. I referred solely to the
late. Secretary of War, who had the disposition
of the A rmy and the power to place it m just such
places a*s he saw fit; and with that power to dis-
tribute it over the country or to placeit where he
pleased, I do not think the present President would
ever have be< n inaugurated.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose there is no
Senator on this floor who would be willing to in-
duce the officers of the regular Army to enter the
new regiments, with the understanding that they
were to leave the profession of their lives when
this trouble closes. That is the proposition of the
honorable Senator from New York. The dis-
tinguished Senator from Iowa proposes to sugar-
coat the pill of the Senator from New Yoik^ by
saying to these officers of the old Army, "if you
will accept commissions in ihe new, wc \\dJ,at
the close of the war, ictum you to the rank that
you now hold in the old Army;*' that is, sir, we
will take a first lieutenant in the old Army and
