126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
advance him in that Army for his gallantry and
courage, perhaps, to a brigadier generalship; we
■will take a second lieutenant of the old Army and
transfer him to the new, and by his gallantry and
courage he is advanced in the new regiments to
a brigadier generalship. After the war closes,
the Senator from Iowa proposes to bring back
the brigadier general in the new regiments to the
position of first or second lieutenant in the old.
I do hope, Mr. Presiderft, that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York may
not be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order to offer a further
amendment to the amendment pending before the-
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move to strike out—I
hardly remember the amendment, bat I think it
is—all commencing with the words " shall be re-
duced," to the end of the amendment before the
Senate, and to insert " may be reduced in such
manner and to such extent as Congress may di-
rect."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the proposed amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to strike out of the amendment the follovvin
words:
" Shall bo leduced to the number, grade, rank, and pay
autbouzed by law on tlie 1st day of May, 1S61."
And to insert:
May be reduced in sucli mariner as Congress may direct.
Mr. IIOWB. Mr. President, the purpose of
the amendment, you perceive, is simply to change
the character of the proposition so far as this:
instead of imposing upon the Government the ob-
ligation absolutely and unconditionally to reduce
the Army to its present status at the conclusion of
the war, or within one year from the close of the
war, to submit it to the discretion of Congress to
reduce'or not to reduce the Army, as in their judg-
ment they shall think the exigencies of the coun-
try may demand. My own judgment, Mr. Presi-
dent, is that the country requires an addition to
the standing Army of the United States. I can
very easily understand, however, how Senators
may differ from me in this opinion; I can very
well undeistand how Senators may deem the
present Army of the United States adequate to the
purposes of a peace establishment; but I cannot,
for my life, understand how any Senatorcan deem
an addition to the regular Army at all requisite to
the prosecution of the present war. If the only
purpose for which you propose to increase the
Army of the United States is to light the present
war to an end, that purpose does not meet my
approval nor my sanction.
So far as the exigencies of the. present war are
concerned, it seems to me the volunteer force of
the country its decidedly the best force. To prose-
cute and terminate this controversy, sir, [ do not,
for one, want men who are lighting for twelve dol-
lars a month, and think themselves adequate to
earn that sum. I want just the sort of men you
have got in your volunteer regiments, men who
are fighting in full view of the whole issue before
them; men, every man of whom feels that the
whole value of the country rests upon his single
shoulders, and feels abundantly competent to re-
deem the whole value of the country. Tlnit is the
sort of men [ think you need. That is the sort
of men I am happy to know, to-day, you have in
the Army which is prosecuting this war, abun-
dantly adequate to all its exigencies—men, I am
happy to remind the Senate, who are to-day doing
up the work of this war; and doing it, if you may
allow me to use a commercial phiase, to older.
I do not understand, then, any propriety 111 call-
ing this an addition to the military establishment
of the United States, when its existence is lim-
ited by thovery conditions which limit and which
teiminate the existence of this volunteer force.
But, as 1 said before, and I submit it with great
deference to the judgment of other Senators, I do
think we need an addition to the Army of the
United States; not, however, for the purpose which
lias been suggested and urged here as any reason
for increasing our Aimy; not that the present
Army is not adequate to enforce the laws of the
United States in time of peace, and to enforce
them upon the people of the United States. I
think our present Army is sufficient for that pur-
pose. But I submit, with all deference, that that
is not the purpose of a standing army—to enforce
the laws. A very small army, if any, is needed
to enforce the laws upon a people which makes
their own laws. We have other purposes. We
have, as has been remarked here already, an im-
mense frdfcer to defend. You have military
posts,forts, and fortifications, scattered along over
an exterior line of fifteen thousand miles; and
that is not all. The countries bordering upon
this exterior line are becoming every year more
and more populous. Your whole northern fron-
tier is becoming more settled; your whole south-
ern frontier is becoming-more settled; and you
have newavenuesof communicationbeing opened
every year between your Atlantic and your Pa-
cific sea-boards, and of countries fronting them
on the other side of the globe. Nowr, if there be
any occasion for these military posts at all, it
seems to me there is occasion for men to occupy
them, and in proportion as these exterior dangers
increase, seems to me the necessity for an addi-
tional force of some kind ought to be provided.
But this is not all: You have not only to pro-
vide for our own protection against any hostility
which may be betrayed or developed on the part
of our neighbors; we have other necessities for a
military force of some sort. We have people,
and very many of them, within our borders, who
do not belong and do not constitute a portion of
the people of the United States. We have numer-
ous Indian tribes; very many of them. Our con-
nection with them, or relations to them, are grow-
ing more and more intimate every year. We are
throwing our own people faster and faster into
their very neighborhood. They must be protected
against them, or ought to be. It has been said
here repeatedly, in the course of this debate, that
the protection hitherto afforded has not been at
all adequate.
It is said that, for want of a sufficient number
of troops, you have had to move bodies of such
men as you had in the Army, frequently to great
distances, and with great speed ;and, after all, have
not furnished adequate protection.
Now, if the sole question was whether the
present military establishment were sufficient to
enforce the laws of the country upon our own
people, it would be proper still to remember that
you had, thirty years ago, seven regiments of
infantry in your Army when you had a popula-
tion of twelve million. Now the population is
over thirty million, and you will have but nine-
teen regiments of infantry if you pass this bill as
it stands. Your military force will not be greater
in proportion to the population of your country
than it was thirty years ago.
Mr. GRIMES. Each of these new nine regi-
ments is equal to three of the old, so that you add
three times nine, in fact.
Mr. 1IOWE. It is true that the number of
piivates in these regiments is larger than the num-
ber of privates in the regiments existing in 1830.
Numerically, I know, your infantry will be larger
when this bill is passed, in proportion to the
number of regiments, than it was in 1830; numer-
ically, it will be larger in proportion, I think, to
the population than it was in 1830.
Mr. GRIMES. We had no cavalry in 1830;
and now we have five regiments besides the new
ones.
Mr. HOWE. I will not contradict the Senator
from Iowa, for he is moie familiar with this mat-
ter than I am; but I was under the impression
that wo had one regiment of cavalry and four of
artillery at that time.
Mr. GRIMES. The first regiment of cavalry
was called the regiment of dragoons, and was
raised immediately after the Black Hawk war in
1833, of which Henry Dodge, of Wisconsin, was
first colonel. That was in 1833.
Mr. IIOWE. I have no doubt the Senator's
recollection is correct; but, as I said before, our
necessities for an armyarenotat all guided,gov-
erned, or limited by our own population. We
want it for other purposes than to keep our own
population in order and subordination. Never-
theless, it seems to me it is proper for the Senate
to consider that when this war shall have term-
inated, you will have scattered through the coun-
try at least five hundred thousand discharged
soldiers, men going into the country and into
the towns with habits, tempers, and dispositions
which they have acquired in the camp. This of
itself must be a new cause of disturbance; this of
itself ought to demand of us some provision—not
the'provision that is made in this bill, but some
portion of that provision. You organized several
new Territories during the last session of Con-
gress. You opened those Territories to settle-
ment. You are going to throw our people into
those Territories in the very neighborhood of a
great many new tribes with whom we have had
no immediate contact. They must go there with
or without protection. You have a post route
now, one overland mail route all the way from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, travers-
ing a great many miles of uninhabited country—
a country uninhabited, at least, by any intelligent
and civilized population. All these facts exist,
and seem to me to call for the provision of some
force to make life and business and commerce
reasonably safe, and that force must be provided
by a regular army or by volunteers. It seems to
me if you have any constant and continued de-
mand for force of any kind in a Government like
ours, it should be a profession by itself, and you
should exempt all your laboring class, all your
productive class, as far as possible, from all these
extraordinary duties. That seems to me to be
the true policy.
The labor of protecting these additional miles
of frontier, these new routes of communication
through the interior of the country, protecting our
relations with these new nationalities or tribes of
Indians within our borders, it seems to me should
not devolve upon the industrial, the laboring
classes of the community; but you should pro-
vide a regular profession for that as much as a
regular profession to manage the business of your
Departments here, to conduct the commerce of
your country, or to conduct any other branch of
business necessary to the well-being of the coun-
try. It may be, sir, when all these necessities
are duly considered, when the war shall have
terminated and Congress can look fully upon the
necessities of the country, that the whole of this
additional force may not be deemed necessary.
When that time shall have arrived, the national
Legislature will be able to comprehend what it
does and what it does not require, and will be able
to say whether the whole force should be con-
tinued or may be partially or wholly reduced to
its present condition. I should like very much,
therefore, to see the amendment 1 have offered to
the amendment now before the Senate, which
was submitted by the Senator from New York,
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to make a speech upon this matter; I merely
want to suggest to the Senate the propriety of ex-
pressing our opinions by our votes, instead of by
long speeches. Probably every Senator has his
mind made up on this matter. The House of Rep-
resentatives is very much ahead of us. It has sent
in a resolution here tliatit will be ready to adjourn
on Friday, and we must hasten our votes and our
acts if we intend to be ready to go with them.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on concurring in the amendment as
amended.
Mr. KING. I regard this amendmentas asim-
ple declaration of the purpose of this Congress.
We all understand that one Congress cannot bind
a future Congress. The present Congress at the
next session, or any future Congress, may at any
time make what law they think proper on the
subjcct-mattcr. I have thought it better that, at
this session of Congress, we should confine our-
selves to that legislation which is desirable and
necessary for the emergency that called us to-
gether; and I have been desirous, indeed anxious,'
to vote to furnish all the forces which might be
required. I deemed it better that we should de-
clare that that was the object and purpose; and
that we should not here, at this session, attempt,
to pass upon the question of a permanent increase
of the standing Army. There is no doubt that
when the difficulties which exist now have passed
by, and Congress assembles, it will legislate upon
the subject, whether this amendment be adopted
or not, and putthe standing Army on such a foot-
ing as the exigencies and condition of the coun-
try may then require. There are various reasons
to my mmd why it would be desirable to make
this provision for the increase of the force one
for the emergency, and to declare it to be so.
