1861.
THE COKGRESsfoyAL GLOBE.
12 i
The country has rushed with a patriotism that
certainly commands, and must command, the ad-
miration not only of ourselves, but of the world,
to meet this emergency, and to put down thisin-
surrection. Through all the loyal parts of the
country, a disposition exists to pour out and to
give all that may be necessary to accomplish the
object—one in which I do not doubt that we here
fulry participate; but in the feeling that exists
on such occasions, we should be careful how we
undertake to deal with the permanent legislation
of the country.
We are appropriating very large amounts of
money, willing to give it ad libitum to the Admin-
istration. The debt of the country at the end of
these difficulties must be some five hundred mil-
lion dollars, or more. An annual expenditure to
pay the interest and a very moderate amount for a
sinking fund, may fairly be estimated at a sum of
$50,000,000 annually of charge upon the Treas-
ury. A permanentincrease of the standingArmy
that shall carry up our cxpqnse for the Army to
$30,000,000 a year, with a corresponding increase
for the Navy, would make the charges for debt,
Army, and Navy, amount to about $100,000,000
annually. We should desire by our action now to
show the country, that we are notgoing to charge
the Treasury with such heavy amounts perma-
nently. 1 believe,Ihavenotadoubt,thatwhatever
is wanted for the present emergency, will fur-
nished under any circumstances; but our annual
expenditures, after this emergency is over, are to
be giuch greater than heretofore. Underall thecir-
cumstances, I have thought it better, without ref-
erence to what our opinion might be as to whether
the standing Army ought to be increased or not, to
provide that this increase shall be for the emer-
gency. It has been usual to do so on former occa-
sions. When an increase of the Army for the war
of 1812 and for other wars was made, it was pro-
vided that it should be for the war, and it was pro-
vided that at the end of the war a reduction shoujd
take place; and it did take place. It took place
under the action of Congress, as it will here.
Gentlemen who allude to this amendment as an
attempt to forestall the future judgment of the
country, do not do justice to the proposition.
They do not choose to meet the question nakedly,
as to whether the standing Army should be per-
manently increased or not. They speak of the
propriety and fitness of the reduction of it here-
after, and yet are unwilling to say that it shall
be reduced. In the war with Mexico—the statute
has just been handed to me—when an increase of
force was authorized, its reduction was provided
for also. Let me read one of the acts then
passed:
^That the President of the United States bo, and he
hereby is, authonzed to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, one nmjoi general, and two
brigadier generals, in addition to the present miiitaiy estab-
lishment : Provided, That when the wai with Mexico shall
be terminated by a definitive tieaty ol peace, duly concluded
and laulied, the number of major geneml-. in the Atmy
shall be reduced to one, and the numbei ol' brigadier gen-
eials shall be leduecd to two; and the President ol the
United States is authonzed and directed to select liom the
whole number which may then be in office, without regard
to the date of thcircommissioiis,the numbei to be retained,
and causae the remaindei to be dischaiged tram the seiviee
of the United States."
These provisions have been made heretofore
when the standing Army has been increased, un-
less it has been intended that the increase should
be permanent. There is a question of faith raised
here, and it is put forward in relation to these
officers who are appointed from the old regiments.
It is said, that if it is expected that they are to
go out of service at the end of the emergency
which has called them into it, they cannot be in-
duced to take these commissions. That propo-
sition has its converse. If they go into the ser-
vice with the expectation that they are to be con-
tinued, with whatface can we, after inducing them
to take these commissions, undertake to reduce
them? My own opinion is against a great stand-
ing army. I know this subject is so well un-
derstood, that it needs no elucidation by argu-
ment, and I shall not attempt it. I have made
my proposition because it is in accordance with
my opinion, and I shall vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the next amendment.
Mr. KING. The second amendment was only
a part of the first; and with the failure of the
first, it of course falls. The whole proposition
was designed to test the question whether the
increase should be permanent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not competent
to withdraw it. The question is on concurring
in the following amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause legunentsi, battalions, and companies
to be disbanded, and officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, to be discharged, so as to reduce
the military establishment as is provided by the preceding
section.
Tho amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want to have
the yeas and nays on the question of increasing
the standing Army.
Mr. KING. The vote on the first proposition
was the test vote.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
rejecting those two amendments. I want the
yeas and nays. I want to record my name against
the permanent increase of the standing Army.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will unani-
mously consent to the reconsideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; and it will be regarded as reconsid-
ered. The question now is on concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the proposition
be read.
Mr. FOSTER. I object to its being read. These
amendments have been read over and over, and
if gentlemen will absent themselves and not attend
to the business, or will allow votes to pass here
and then have to move to reconsider in order that
they may vote on the subject, I do not think they
arc entitled to particular courtesy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read
twenty times. The question is on ordering this
proposition again to be read.
The motion to read the amendment again was
agreed to; and it was read, as follows:
Jliul be it further evaded* That the increase of the mil-
itary establishment cieated or authorized by this act is
declared to be for service dining tlie existing insunection
and rebellion ; and within one vearaftei the constitutional
authority of the Government of the United States shall be
leestablibhed and organized lesihtance to such authoiity
bhall no longer exist, the miiitaiy establishment may be
leduced in fcuch mannei and to :=uch extent as Congress
may direct.
Mr. COLLAMER. It weems to me that that
proposition is susceptible of division. The first
part of it declares that the increase provided by
this bill shall cease at a certain time. The other
part is, that the whole Army shall be reduced to
what it was before. They are two things entirely.
One of them relates peculiarly to the force raised
by this act; the other extends to the whole Army.
Mr. KING. Whether this proposition be
adopted or rejected, my second amendment is un-
necessary. The amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin supplies the purp'ose of the second
section. This proposition simply provides that
the Army shall be reduced by the direction of
Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is, that the section itself is not sus-
ceptible of two distinct propositions. The Sen-
ator from Vermont can look at it himself.
Mr. COLLAMER. What was the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
which was adopted?
Mr. KING. That the reduction should be
made by Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was that adopted?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. We did not understand it
alike. I understand that there is m the proposi-
tion a provision that the reduction shall take place
by an act of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator de-
sires a separate vote, he will be kind enough to
take the section and indicate upon what part he
desires the first vote, and on what pnrt the second.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw the call, if the
Chair thinks the amendment is not susceptible of
division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment as amended; and
the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Breckinridge, Carlile, Chand-
ler, Cowan, JJooiittJe, Fe^senden, Grimes, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Johnson of Missouri, King, Latham, Morrill,
Pearce,Po!k, Powell, SauUbury, Sherman, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Willey, and Wiimot—23.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Crowning, Clark, CoUamer,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, I-Iarlan, Harris, Howe, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, McDougali, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Rice, Ten Eyck, and Wilson—18.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment still remaining.
Mr. KING. The second amcndmcntought not
to be adopted by the Senate. The proposition, as
I originally drew it, required, in distinct terms,
the Army to be reduced, and the second section
provided that it should be done by thj3 President.
The amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
provides that it shall be reduced under the direc-
tion of Congress hereafter, and therefore this clause
ought to fall, the first providing the manner in
which the reduction shall be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, desir-
ing some days ago to submit a few remarks upon
the joint resolution to confirm the acts of the
President since the 4th of March last, I obtained
tho floor for that purpose, but yielded it to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who desired to have some other bill then taken
up. On Saturday last I was confined to my
room from indisposition, and I expected to say
something this morning. I do not desire now to
interfere with the progress of business before the
Senate; but with the leave of the Senate, I shall
be very happy to have that joint resolution taken
up and made the special order for to-morrow at
one o'clock, so that I may know that I shall have
an opportunity of making my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up joint resolution (S. No. 1) to
approve and confirm certain acts of the President
of the United States, for the purpose of making it
the special order for to-morrow. The Chair hears
no objection. It will, therefore, be considered as
before the Senate; and the question is on making
the joint resolution the special order for to-mor-
row, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION O*' THE AK3IY.
Mr.WILSON. Iprcsentanamendment,which '
I intend to offer to the bill for the better organiza-
tion of the military establishment, as a substitute
foi it; and 1 move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
14) to authorize a national loan and for otjier pur-
poses; the question being on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
on Saturday hist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two amendments were
made when we were octing as in Committee of
the Whole tho other day, which, 011 examination,
the Finance Committee think it would be as well
to leave oat. I will name these two, and then the
question can be taken on all the others in gross.
In section one, line sixteen, an amendment was
made striking out 4< three years after date," and
inserting "at the pleasure of the United States
at any time after three years from date." It is
thought best to leave the text of tho bill as it ori-
ginally stood in this respect. In section two, line
nine, the words " of the certificate" were stricken
out, and " thereof" inserted. We wish to restore
the words that were stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the question will be taken on concurring
in all the other amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring 111 the two amendments indi-
cated by the Senator from Maine.
The amendments were not concurred in.
