THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1861.
New Series No.
NAVAL ACADEMY AT NEWPORT.
Mr. SHEFFIELD presented resolutions from
the General Assembly of Rhode Island with ref-
erence to the location of the Naval Academy at
Newport; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAVT AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING-. I offer the fol-
lowing'resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members of the
House be, appointed, to winch shall be referred the subject
of a general bankiupt law; and that said committee report
at the next session by bill or otherwise.
I move the previous question on the passage of
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
_ Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITION FOR A NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That this Congress recommend the Governors
of the heveral States to eonvcm; then Lcgihlatuiea tor the
puipo?e of calling an election to select two delegates from
each congressional distiict, to meet in general convention
at Louisville,in Kentucky, on the firtt Monday in .Septem-
ber next; the purpose of the said convention to bo to devise
measures for the restoration of peace to our country.
I move the previous question on its adoption.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 51-; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Appleton, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxtei, 13eaman, Bingham, Piaucis p.
Blair, Samuel S. Hlair, Blake, Jlutfinton, Chambeilam,
Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Ro^coe Conkling,
Conway. Curtis, Cutler. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duell, Dunn, Edgeriun, Edward*, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,Fes-
senden, Franchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Gmley,
Hafe, Hanchett, Ilariison, Hickman, Horton, Hutcluns,
Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lan-
ding, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKoan, McKmght, McPher<on,
Mitchell,Momhead, Justin S. Morull,Nixon, 01 in, Patton,
Pike, Poitct, Potter, John II, Rice, Riddle, Edwaid fi. Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Shank*, Sheffield, Shellabaigei, Sheiinaii,
Sloan, SpaukHng, Stevens, Stratton, Renjaimn F. Thomas,
Tiowliridge, Upton, Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkon-
buigh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W.
Walton, C. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, nnd Wmdom—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Arieona, Joseph Daily, George
II. Browne, Burnett, Calvert, Cubb, Cooper, Coining, Cox,
Cravens.Cuttenden, DelapUuue, iHinlap,English, Fisher,
Fouke, Gridci*, Haight, Harding, Holman, J.vkson, John-
son, Law, Lazear, Lo<ian, McOlernand, Malloty, Morris,
Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Udell, George II. Pendleton,
Reidj Uichaidson, Rohm.-on, James S. Rollins, Smith,
John U. Steele, V\ llliam G. Steele, Vallandigham, Vib-
baid, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Ward, Clulton A. White,
Wickhffe, Wood, and Woodruff—51.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DELANO stated that his colleagues, Mr.
Rice and Mr. Train, were detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. RLDDLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Trimble, was detained fiom the House by sick-
ness.
FOREIGN INSURRECTIONARY CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. CORNING submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not, in his
opinion, incompatible with the public mtoiot. to submit
to thM House all correspondence between this Government
and loieigu Power*, on the subject of the exi-ung inr-unec-
tion m tiie United Status.
Mr. COX. A similar resolution has already
been adopted by the House, I will say to the gen-
tleman from New York:.
Mr. CORNING. I prefer that this should be
adopted, if the House will indulge me.
"She resolution was adopted.
DECLARATORY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. OLIN submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the resolution of this House adopted on
Monday, the 8th instant, restricting the business of the
present extraordinary session to questions of immediate
national interest, be so con&uucd as to admit of the con-
sideration only of practical measures of legislation on the
subjects embraced in the message of the President and the
repoits ol the several heads ot Departments, and to exclude
all re&olutions of a merely declaratory nature ; and that the
Speaker be directed to rule as out ol order all matters thus
excluded, without waiting for points of order to be raised
thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
That resolution changes the rule of the House,
and is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. OLIN. Upon what ground ? It does not
change the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does.
It gives construction to a rule.
Mr. OLIN. That is not a change of a rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the res-
olution to be out of order. Does the gentleman
appeal from his decision ?
Mr. OLIN. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the resolution submitted by the gentleman from
New York changes a rule of the House; and, one
day's noticc being required, under the rules, to
submit any proposition for a change of the rules,
that the resolution is not in order. From this
decision the gentleman from New York appeals;
and the question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the. House'"
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mi. OLIN. Will the Chair hear a single sug-
gestion ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. OLIN. I do not desire to debate, butsim-
ply to make a suggestion to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Any suggestion is in the
nature of debate, and is not in order,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I wish to know what
rule of the House the resolution of my colleague
repeals or modifies?
The SPEAKER. It gives construction to the
resolution adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] the other day, con-
confiningthe business of the House; which, hav-
ing been adopted, becomes a rule of the House.
Mr. OLIN. It does not change that resolution
at all.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. OLIN. 1 give noticc that I will bring up
the resolution to-morrow.
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. WARD intioduced a bill to establish a gen-
eral and uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States; winch was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
STEAMER CATILINE.
Mr. VAN WYCK submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Depauments and officer-* of the Gov-
ernment aie heieby lefjiioted to withhold the puvment
of any and all monejs claimed to be due to any per.-on or
persons on account of the u-?e oi value of the steamboat
Catiline, until the committee of investigation shall leport
thereon.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr, VAN WYCK submitted the following
resolution:
Hao'lved, That the committee appointed to examine in
lecaid to contiaft* made by any oi the Depaitments of the
Government be authoiized to employ a eletk at the usual
late -of compensation
Mr. BURNETT. For how long?
Mr. "VVASHBURNE. Duiing the sitting of
the committee, 1 suppose.
Mr. BURNETT. If the time can be limited
to the present session of Congress, I have no
objection. The committee has received no leave
to sit during the recess of Congress, and I will,
not consent that a clerk shall be appointed to con-
tinue in office after our adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he withdraw his resolution.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well; I Will with-
draw it for the present.
PUNISHMENT OF CONSPIRACY.
Mr. HICKMAN. I present a bill to
and punish certain conspiracies, and ask that it
may be put on its passage. I will state that it has
received the sanction of the principal law officer
of the Government, and also of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill was read for information. It provides
that if two or more persons within any State or
Territory shall conspire together to overthrow, or
to put down, or to destroy by force, the Govern-
ment of the United States; or to oppose by force
the authority of the Government of the United
States; or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay
the execution of any law of the United States; or
by force to seize, take, or possess any property of
the United States, against the will, or contrary to
the authority of the United States, or by force, or
intimidation, or threat, to prevent any person from
accepting or holding any office of trust, or place
of confidence, under the United States, each and
every person so offending shall be guilty of a
high crime; and upon conviction thereof in any
court of the United States having jurisdiction
thereof, or district or supreme court of any Ter-
ritory of the United States having jurisdiction
thereof,'shall be punished by a fine not less than
jj.500 and not more than $5,000; or by imprison-
ment, solitary or social, and with or without hard
labor, as the court shall determine, for a period not
less than six months, nor greater than six years;
or both such fine and imprisonment.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand thatthe
gentleman can introduce that bill at this time and
have it put upon its passage without unanimous
consent; and I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman merely gave
notice that he would move to put the bill on its
passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not interpose any ob-
jection to the bill being put on its passage if it can
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
until it can be printed and we can have an oppor-
tunity to see it.
Mr. HICKMAN. That committee have al-
ready given the bill their assent, and it would be
useless to refer it to them now.
Mr. BURNETT. I think it is too important
a bill not to take the ordinary course of legisla-
tion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will then withdraw tho
bill, and give notice that I shall move to suspend
the rules to put it on its passage as soon as the
morning hour has expired.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of establishing 2
national armoiy at some point on the Juniata river, in the
State oi Pennsylvania.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that, if the
gentleman wili allow the inquiry to go to the spe-
cial committee raised at the present session of
Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I have no ob-
jection to that, and will so modify my resolution.
The lesolution, as modified, was adopted.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, inti-odueeda bill granting an invalid pen-
sion to Jacob Gales; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. CALVERT, by unanimous consent, in-
