180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
a .bill to organize a metropolitan police
for the city of Washington*, which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
REBELLION.
^MrrALLEN. l ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That whenever the Stales now in rebellion
against the General Government shall cease their rebellion
au$l become loyal to the Union, it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment ta suspend the further prosecution of the present
war.
.ResoZt>e«£, That it is no part of the object of the present
war against the rebellious States to interfere with the insti-
tution of slavery therein.
I demand the previous question on the adoption
of the resolutions.
Mr. BLAKE. I hope the gentleman will insert
the proviso, that their leaders will be delivered up
to be hung;. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLEN. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN". I rise to a question of order.
I make the point that this resolution is excluded
by the terms of the order of the House, adopted
on motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Hoi,MAN.}
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of ordei.
Mr. ALLEN. It is certainly not excluded by
the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana,
which was intended confine the business of the
House to matters connected sviih the military and
naval operations. The resolutions which I offer
look to the object of the present military and naval
operations of the Government.
Mr HOLM AN. The construction of the Chair
is certainly not warranted by the resolution. The
subjects to bo considered arc those concerning the
military and naval operations of the Government.
Certainly, a proposition to limit those operations
mid declare their purpose, would be wfthin the
objects de«iy;ned to be considered.
The SPEAKER. On examiningthe resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio, and that adopted on
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, the Chair
adheres to his decision. The latter resolution,
which is now the rule of the Mouse, provides
that only business concerning the military and
naval operations of the Government shall be in
order at thin session. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio only makes a declaration as to
the object of the war. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
CONGRESSIONAL TOWNSHIP IN OHIO.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced abill for the leiiefof congressional town-
ship ei^ht .south, of range three east, in Mercer
county, Ohio; which was read a first and second
lime, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FIOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair just made.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to take an ap-
peal, other business having intervened.
BENJAMIN F. SIMON.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill foi the relief of Benjamin F. Simon;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
WILLIAM Y. STRONG.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill for the relief of William Y. Strong;
which was read a fust and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
Are not ali of the«e eases out of order under the
Holman resolution ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That resolution J
specially provided for the introduction of bills for !
leference. 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. \
JACOB BItOWN. I
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, intro- 1
duced a bill foi the ichef of Jacob Brown; which '
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. i
CEXSU1US OF THE PKESIDENT. j
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing resolutions, and move that they be deferred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
confers upon Congress alone the power to " raise and sup-
port aimies," and to " provide and maintain a navy and
therefore the President, in the proclamation of May 3,1861,
and the orders and action, by his authority, of the War
and Navy Departments, increasing the Aiiny and Navy,
and calling for and accepting the services of volunteers tor
thiee years without warrant of law, usurped powers be-
longing solely to Congresss, and so violated the Constitu-
tion.
Resolved, That the right to declare a blockade as against
an independent Power, is a belligerent right, depending
upon the existence of a state of war; and that as Congress,
and Congress alone, have the power to declare or recognize
the existence of war, the President has no right to order a
blockade until after Congress shall have declared or recog-
nized war with the Power whose ports are to he blockaded;
and further, that Congress alone can abolish or shut up the
ports of entry of any State within the Union; and that,
therefore, the Piesident, in blockading and shutting up the
ports of entiy in certain of the States of the Union, with-
out the authority of Congress, violated the Constitution.
Resolved, That Congress alone have the constitutional
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus; and that until
the wiit has been suspended by act of Congress, it is the
duty of the President, and all other officers, civil and mili-
tary, to obey it; and that therefore the Piesident, in sus-
pending said wi it himself, or attempting to authorize cer-
tain military officers to suspend it, or to disobey it, or in
sustaining them in disobedience to it, violated the Consti-
tution.
Resofverf, That by the Constitution " no money shall be
drawn from the Tieasmy bnt in consequence of apptopri-
ations made by law ;"and that in oidmaty the drawing Ilom
the Tieasury of money unappropriated or appropil.ited foi
, one pui poc<!, and applying the same to pmpo->es for which
- no appropriations had been made by law, the President
violated the Constitution. -
Resolved, That the search of certain telegraph offices in
the month of May last by officers and agent** ot the Execu-
tive, without seat eh warrant upon probable cause, sup-
poited by oath or affirmation, and partieul.uly dessciibing
the place to be .snatched, and the things to hi; seiy.cd ; and
the seizine of papeis and dispatches in said ofliees was a
violation of the constitutional "rightof the people to be
secure In their peiMms, house-*, papeis, and ctfeets against
unreasonable vo.uehes and seizme> and that the Presi-
dent, in ordering said search and seizures, violated the
Constitution.
Resolved, That neither Congress, nor the President, nor
the judicialy, have any constitutional power to abridge the
fieedom of speech or of the press; and that the suspension
of newspaper ptoses by military authority and forcc, and
the attest ot citizen* by militaiy or civil authority, for the
evpu*s<ion by speech, or through the press, of'opinions
upon political subjects, or subjects of any kind, is a viola-
tion oi the Constitution.
llewlred, That the at rest without civil process of persons
not subject to tiie mles and article* of war, nor in eases
aitsing in the land or naval ibices or in the nulttia. when
in actual service, bv soldiers m the service of the United
States i^ a bicaeh of the Constitution, and a violation of
the constitutional ltbeity ot the pcison.
Mr. LOVFJOY. I move that those resolutions
be laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I only desire that
the resolutions may be referred to the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of theUmon. I demand
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolutions were then laid upon the table.
Nlr. HOLMAN. Iask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution in reference
to the business of the House.
Mr. OLIN objected.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to rcconsidcr the vote
by which the icsolutions offered by Mr. Yallan*-
digham were laid upon the table; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSPIRACY AGAIXST THE G0TERX3fES"p.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now call up the bill which
I presented this morning, and ask that it be read
for information. If there be objection to its intro-
duction, I will move a suspension of the rules.
It is a bill to define and punish certain conspir-
acies.
Mr. COX. I insist on the call of the States
proceeding-.
The SPEAKER. The morning; hour has ex-
pired.
Air. VALLAXD7NGHAM. I object to the
introduction of the bill unless it be agiced that
before it is forced to its passage we shall have an
opportunity to examine it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that it may be introduced.
Mr. BURNETT. We will not put the gentle-
man to thattrouble if he will give us the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not object to that.
I withdraw the motion for the suspension of the
rules.
The bill was introduced, and read a first and
second time by its title. It was then ordered to be
engrossed an(l read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the bill be made to
provide that it shall in no wise interfere with the
right of military commanders to take cognizance
of these offenses.
Mr. HICKMAN. I decline to accept the
amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The object of the
bill is a very proper one.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a point of order. Is de-
bate now in order.
The SPEAKER. It is, the previous question
not having been called.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I approve of the
general purpose and object of the bill, and if time
were allowed, in order that it might be printed,
and members of this House could examine it, it
is probable that it would command almost unani-
mous support. But I am not willing, upon a bill
.relating to the jurisprudence of the country, and!
which is to go upon the statute-book, and which
ought to remain theic permanently—for I am op-
posed to unstable legislation—to be brought to a
vote without its consideration by a committee,
and that, too, upon a bill not printed; a bill fix-
ing a heavy penalty, and for which i doubt whether
the gentleman from Pennsylvania can point to
that clause of the Constitution under which he
drew it up.
And now, sir, in order that I may not be mis-
understood, let me say that, while I am not will-
ing to vote against the bill—because the object I
conceive to be a proper one—at the same time I
am not ready to go upon the record in favor of it
without the opportunity of examining it as to its
details, and of satisfying myself that it is a bill a
vote for which I may be satisfied with one, two,
three, or four years hence. It is a bill which, if
carefully drawn, ought to have been passed four
or five yours ago, because there are not a few, I
behove, in some portions of the free States of this
Union, who might have been justly and properly
punished under it for conspiracies to resist the
fugitive slave law. I demand thepreviousquestion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICICL1FFE. I am not familiar with
the rules of the House; and I would inquire
whether it is in order, after the previous question
is seconded, to move to postpone the considera-
tion of the bill. My object is to have the bill
printed, that 1 may have an opportunity to read
it. I have not been able to hear u read. I want
to vote for it if I can; but I want to look at its
details. A postponement until to-morrow cannot
prejudice the bill, or prevent its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the motion in not in order, if objected to*
Objection was made.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 7; as follows:
\ EAS—-Messrs. Aidiieh, Allen, Alley, Aneona, Arnold1,
Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Bailv, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blau, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, lUifflnton, Calvert, Chamberlain, Clatk, Cobb, Col-
fax, I-redetick A. Coakling, Roseoe- Conkling, Cooper,
Covode, Cox, Cravens, Chittenden, Cutler, Davis. Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, felly, English, Pen-
ten, Fisher, Foukn, Ftanchot, Pvank, Gooeh, Granger,
Gtidei, Guiley, liaight, Hale, Itanchett, Harding, Harri-
son, Hickman, Holman, Hutchins, Jackson, Johnson, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Law,
Lehman j Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, McClernand, McKean,
McKnight, McPherson, Mallory, Menkes,Mitchell.Moor-
head, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nu-
gen, Olin, Patton, George II. Pendleton, Perry', Pike, Porter,
Richardson, Riddle, Robin-'on, Edward II. Rollins, James
H. Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Sherman,
Sloan, Spauldmg, John 13. &toe<o, William G. Steele,
Walton, Wa-hbume, Wheeler, Wiialey, Albert S. White,
Chilton A. White, WicklUFe, Wmdom, Worcester, and
Wii^lit—1Q3.
NAYrt — Messrs. Ashley, Burnett, JDiven, Edgenon,
Goodwin, Pometoy, and Wood—7.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WICKLIFFE said: I have read the bill,
