1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
two-years volunteers that nowapply to the three- j
months and three-years volunteers. These arc all j
the changes the Senate have made; and I hope ;
they will be concurred in by the House.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, and the several Senate amendments were road
and concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the amendments of the
Senate were concurred in; and also moved to lay
♦ the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIOLATION OF CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. WOOD asked consent to submit the fol"
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Gcneial inioim this House
whether he has! authorized any po^tma-1ei 01 arty other
person in or ut any po?>t officc m the United States, to open
letters or violate si;als} 01 whether the same has been done
with his knowledge and consent; or if he knows whethci
private correspondence has hecn violated at or in any post
office in the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. WOOD. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended, (two thirds not voting therefor.)
NAVY RATIONS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.9, to
alterand regulate Navy rations; which was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed".
ASSISTANT NAVAL PAYMASTERS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 13, to provide
for the appointment of assistant paymasters in the
Navy; which was recommitted to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
-THE LEVANT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 33, fixing the
date of the loss of the sloop-of-war Levant; which
was recommitted to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and ordered to-be printed.
TEMPORARY CLERKS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to employ temporary clerks; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
AUXILIARY OCARD
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING asked the consent
of the House to report, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, a bill (i-I. R. No. 35)
to amend an act entitled " An act to establish an
auxiliary guard or watch for the protection of
public property in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes."
There being no objection, the bill was reported
for the consideration of the House. It provides
that from and after the date of its passage, that
portion of the auxiliary watch or guaid for the
city of Washington, the appointment of which is \
now vested in the Mayor of the city of Washing- i
ton, shall be appointed by the Secretary of the |
Interior, and continues in office such of said watch [
as now hold theirappomtmcnts from the Mayor, ■
until other appointments shall be made. I
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire whether this is \
the bill we had before us on this subject at the !
last session of Congress? j
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am not aware j
that any bill like this was ever introduced. It is I
very likely that this provision, or something like j
it, may have been introduced into some bill at 1
the last session—I have notexnminod sufficiently |
to ascertain; but my belief is that this specific !
proposition was never before the House until J
now.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire whether this bill
increases the police force of the city as it is now
organized?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will .state pre-
cisely what the bill does, in 1340, I think, a bill
was passed creating what was called an auxiliary
guard or watch, vesting in the Mayor the appoint-
ment of a certain portion of die force—number-
ing in all, I believe, thirty-five or forty men. A
year, or perhaps two years ago, a section was
included in one of the appropriation bills increas-
ing the number of that watch to sixty, or there-
abouts—perhaps fifty-odd; but still continuing
the appointment in the Mayor. Under both of
these acts this force are paid directly from the
Treasury of the United States, and constitute a
separate and distinct force from the ordinary po-
lice of this city. For reasons, upon which prob-
ably-I need not enter, the committee, as well as
others, think that the power of appointment should
be vested at this time in the Secretary of the In-
terior—at least in some part of the Government—
and we think in that officer, as the most appro-
priate one of all those connected with the Govern-
ment. I demand the previous question on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman with-
draw the call for the previous question for a sin-
gle moment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With pleasure.
Mr. BURNETT. I have had the pleasure of
serving upon the Committee for the District of
Columbia, during three terms of service in this
House; and if I am not mistaken, at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, a proposition
identical with this was offered in this House and
voted down. The reason ascribed for the defeat
of the proposition was, that as the police force of
this city was well regulated, it was better that the
appointmgpowershould be continued in the hands
of the Mayor. On thatoccasion,I believe, the vote
of the Iiouse was almost unanimous against vest-
ing the power of appointment in the then Secre-
tary of the Intciioi. 1 may be mistaken, but such
is my recollection. I ask the gentleman from New
York, then, why is it we should change the ap-
pointing power of the police force of this city, if
the duties of the position arc now and have been
faithfully discharged?
Mr. ROSCOE CON KLING. I do not remem-
ber what was the action of a former Congress. I
do remember, however, upon information, that
the then Secretary of the Interior made the pre-
cise request which this bill will answer. What
the action was upon that request I cannot say.
The gentleman states that the House based its
action upon the fact that the police force of that
time was satisfactory as to the mode of its con-
stitution, and therefore rejected the proposition.
Mr'. BURNETT. Yes, sir; that is my recol-
lection.
Mr. RQSCOE CONKLING. I think that is
very likely; and if the force now were satisfac-
tory in character and management, if there were
no complaint agaiiibt it,doubtless this bill would
not now be hete, and being here, doubtless the
House would acquiesce in what was the action of
a former Iiouse.
Without going into particulars, I will state that
the bill was reported for the reason that a change,
and a change at this time—at the earliest possible
time—would be fruitful of great benefits in the
administration of the municipal order of this city.
The committee have therefore reported this bill;
and it will be seen that it is not reported in the face
of any such hypothesis as that stated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; namely, that the police
force itself is satisfactory in character and admin-
istration, or that the appointing power is satis-
factory.
Mr. COX. I believe the police force in this
city at present, at least a large proportion of them,
have their appointments from the Mayor of the
city. If this bill passes, there will be a division;
the Mayor will retain the appointment of some,
and the auxilary guard w ill temain to be appointed
by the Federal officers. I approve of that meas-
ure thoroughly. I believe we will have better
peace, and mote oider in the city if that bp the
case. My observation, and my information now,
are that the present police, of this city are not in
such repute as to be able satisfactorily to preserve
the peace of the city as it ought to be preserved.
Some such measure as this is necessary; some
change is necessary. Whether this will produce
the result, I am not able to say; but it seems to
me that there ought to be a force which will act
in harmony very closely with the Federal author-
ity now in this citv.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. This bill, as far
as it goes, is a cure for the difficulty which the
gentleman suggests. There are some otherprop-
j ositioius suggested in regard to th'a matter which,
! at a future time and in another bill, may come
i properly before this House. I renew the demand
for the previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I moveto recon-
sider the vote by which a bill introduced to-day,
entitled a bankrupt law, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with * view to have it
referred to a special committee raised on that
subject.
It was so ordered.
BOOKS OF DELINQUENT MEMBERS.
Mr. LANSING. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That all books ordered to be printed by the last
House, and allotted to Representatives of districts which
have sent no i epresentauon to the present House, be dis-
tributed equally among we members of this House-.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. LANSING. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that I may be enabled to intro-
duce the resolution.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The. resolution was passed.
Mi. LANSING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATHANIEL M'LEAN, ETC.
Mr. ALDRICH,by unanimous consent, in-
troduced abill for the relief of Nathaniel McLean,
Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E. Flandreau;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BURNETT. If the House will consent,
I propose to offer a resolution, in order that the
House may be apprised, from the proper quar-
ter, of the books and documents which remain
here and are ready for distribution among the
members of the House.
Objection was made.
ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to pievent the sale of the public lands,
except to actual settlers, for ten years after the
same shall have been surveyed and the plats of
survey returned to the local land office; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. OLIN, the House
(at fifteen minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 16, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to present the peti-
tion and papers of John Egenolf, m relation to his
claim to a California war bond, which I move to
refer to the Committee on Claims, not with the
expectation that anything will be done with them
now, but simply as a safe depository until the
next session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Oliver
Allen, praying an extension of a patent granted
him for an improved bomb lance for killing whales;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
THOMSON presented the memorial of
Lieutenant Commanding David D.Porter, of the
Navy, in relation to a patent quoin for pointing
ordnance; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a letterfrom
the chief clerk of the War Department, inclosing
