TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
and station bills of the different classes of vessels In the
Nary, an4 for the binding of twenty sets of the same for the
use of the Department and the Havy.
I will state that this amendment is unanimously
recommended by the Naval Committee, and it is
asked for by the Secretary of the Navy on the
report of several of the oldest and most experi-
enced captains in the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand the object of this. The chairman gives no
explanation of it. Let it be read again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. COLLAMER. What are watch and sta-
tion bills
Mr. IJALE. I am asked what they are. I do
n<?t know what they are; but the Secretary of the
Navy earnestly recommended the printing of
them, and several of the senior officers, such as
Commodore Smith, Commodore Paulding, and
several others, recommended it to the Secretary,
and the committee adopted the recommendation
of thoseofficers withoutany very practical knowl-
edge of what these watch and statioij, bills are.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the special appropri-
ation for this imply 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour fixed
for the special order has now arrived.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am exceedingly un-
willing to interfere with the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and will not, if he desires to go
on now; but if it suits his convenience as well to
let this bill go on for half an hour, I think we
may finish it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am quite content;
the Senator may have half an hour for this bill.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. That will bo un-
derstood as the sense of the Senate, unless it be
objected to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to ask whether this
specialappropriation is intended to have these bills
printed elsewhere than at the Government print-
ing establishment? If not, I do not see the ne-
cessity for any appropriation. I'have no objection
to the printing of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can putin an amend-
ment that the printing shall be done at the print-
ing office.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate decided at the
, last session that they would not commence, even
in the case of the Supremo Court, the system of
having particular jobs of printing done at other
offices than the Government printing office. All
I wish is, that these bills, whatever they are, shall
be printed at the usual place and in the usual form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That unquestionably is
right in every particular; we ought not to break
into the system. Let the Senator from New
Hampshire draw the proposition over again, so
as simply to provide for printing the quantity lie
desires at the Governmentprinting office, without
any specific appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I would rather withdraw the
amendment, fori do not know enough aboutit to
alter it. I offered it at the suggestion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy and his officers. I withdraw
the amendment.
TheVlCEPRESIDENT. Ifnofnrtheramend-
ment be offered, the bill wilt be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment which
I wish to offer. It is to come in as a separate
section:
And be if further enactci, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to withdraw all naval
officers now employed in the coast survey and hght-hot^c
board; or so many of the same ab lie may need lot the ser-
vice ; and the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint persons from civil life to
supply such vacancies ay may occur in the light-house
board, and at the same compensation as the per&ons with-
drawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust that will not be
passed. That is general legislation, and open to
the same objection that I made to the proposition
of my friend from Iowa. There seems to be no
pressing necessity for it on an appropriation bill.
It can be put in a naval bill. I must object to it,
unless there is some good reason for it on the
score of pressing necessity.
Mr. HALE. I know nothing aboutit; but I
understand there are some officers detachcd from
the naval service by law and assigned to duties on
the light-house board. Thisis a provisionsimply
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy, if he deems
ii necessary, to withdraw them from that duty,
and cause their places to be filled by persons from
civ.il life. It is merely to enable the Secretary of
the Navy to command the whole naval force in
time of war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Hasit been recommended
by any officer either of the Navy or Treasury
Department?
Mr. HALE. I do not know that it has been.
It is recommended by the Committee on Naval
• Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill is an improper
place for it. I do not know that I should object
to it in a proper place, but I must oppose it here
on the same principle that I opposed the other
amendment. I do not want it on an appropria-
tion bill. It embarrasses us exceedingly and gets
up debates on the passage of those bills, which
delay them very much. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw it.
Nr. HALE. I am not obstinate, but I think
we might as well have a vote on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not want it here.
It is certainly not of such pressing necessity that
it must be put here.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will withdraw it,
and try another place for it. Now I have another
amendment, which I am instructed by the Naval
Committee to offer:
.8nd be it further enacted, That captains in the Navy who,
under existing laws, have been, 01 shall hereafter be em-
ployed as eliiels ot bureaux, shall be entitled to receive the
fame pay as captains " on other duty,'-' from and after the
date of the act "to increase and regulate the pav of the
Navy of the United States," apptoved June 1, 1880, to'be
paid out of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise ap-
piopnated.
Let me explain the amendmentin a few words.
By the last section of the last act that reused the
pay of the Navy, this provision was made:
" Nothing in tliisactcontained shall bo &o construed as to
increase or modily the piebent pay of the chiefs of bureaus
in the Navy Depaitrneut, with whom shall be classed tlic
present superintendent of the Naval Observatory."
The chicfs of bureaus, you sec, were there
made an exception to officers performing " other
duty." I do not know that it affects more than
a single man in the Navy, and he is one of the
oldest officers in the service—Commodore Smith
—who is at the head of a bureau. Ho, by this
act, is made inferior in pay to his junior. I be-
lieve the sum is a small one, only about a hundred
dollars a year; but he feels it asa personal degra-
dation to be placed by an act of Congress, with-
out any charge brought against him, below his
junior officers. This provision is simply to put
him with the sanic class of officers of equal grade,
doing other duty, with the pay which he would
have had but for this clause in the pay bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree that that is wrong,
and it should be remedied. If the commodore is
in that condition, he ought not to remain there,
but should be put on the same footmgwith others;
but the same objection applies to this amendment
as to the other. This is a bill providing for the
payment of Navy expenses according to existing
laws. The proposition is to pass a new law with
reference to salaries. They are totally distinct,
and 1 am quite surprised that the Senator who
represents the Committee on Naval Affairs should
have chosen one of the appropriation bills from
the Committee on Finance to put on legislation
with regard to the salaries of officers in the Navy.
Thisis no place for such propositions, and I really
must make the same objection to this amendment
that I made to the others. I admit that the prop-
osition should be passed, and i will support it
with pleasure in any proper place where the Sen-
atorwill move it; but I mustobjcct still, and stren-
uously, to introducing this legislation on these
bills, and I hope the Senate will sustain me; for I
assure them that if they do, we shall save our-
selves a great deal of trouble and annoyance with
reference to the appropriation bills.
Mr. HALE. The Senate will see that I have
not been pertinacious in these matters. I have
yielded to the seductive influence of the Senator's
eloquence twice. This is a simple act of justice
in a very small matter, due to an old and faithful
officer of the Government, who feels himself de-
graded by this discrimination; and it is agreed
that it should be done. The sum is very triflng;
he cares nothing about the sum; but he does not
want to stand on the legislation of his country
this slur at him. I do not know that I shall over-
step the truth if I say that he feels and thinks that
it was put on to do the very thing which it does—
mark him with degradation; and'it ought? to be
removed.
In regard to putting these matters on a naval
appropriation bill, I will say this: it is wrong, I
know, as a general thing; but still it is right if
precedent is to sustain it. You did it at the last
Congress; you have done it every Congress since
I have been here,and you have done itin instances
where it ought not to have been done. I should
be glad to-day to see every law paying any officer
of the Army and Navy a single cent above the reg-
ular pay-bill, repealed. Such provisions have
been put on appropriation bills constantly. Here
is a meritorious case—a small matter for an old
man who may not live to another session* of Con-
gress—over seventy years old; and I hope the
Senate will do him this little bit of justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Inasmuch as the Senator
from New Hampshire admits that it is wrong to
attempt to put such provisions on the appropria-
tion bills, and admits, at the same time, that the
money is of no sort of consequence to the indi-
vidual, and we all know there are half a dozen
bills from the Naval Committee on which it can
be put, I really hope he will withdraw this too;
or if not, that the Senate will vote it down.
The question being put, there was, on a divis-
ion, ayes five, noes not counted. So the amend*
ment was rejected.
Mr. THOMSON. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line twenty-five:
For completing the iron steam battery at Hoboken, New
Jersey, being erected under thesupermtendence ot Edwin
A. Stevens, Esq ,asum not exceeding $812,000: Provided,
That the Seeretaiy of theNavy, upon an examination being
made by a board of examiners to be appointed by him, shall
deem it expedient to complete the same.
This provision is in accordance with the views
of the Secretary of the Navy, and the recom-
mendation of the Secretary in the report which
has been transmitted to Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if it comes from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Reported by their order?
Mr. THOMSON. Yes, sir. It has been rec-
ommended, as I was stating, by the Secretary of
the Navy; and I believe it is very much desired
by other officers of the Government, including
the highest. We have already expended on this
battery §500,000; and by the reports which I have
before me of William fcemble, an eminent civil-
ian, and Captain Hudson, of the Navy, (who
were ordered by the Department to investigate the
matter,) it is estimated that it will require $812,000
more to complete the battery; and then it will be
the most efficient battery afloat in the world, capa-
ble of performingany service, with a speed greater
than that of any vessel on the river or on the ocean.
Its steam power will be equal to a horse power
of eighty-six hundred and Jtwenty-four tons. It
is to be four hundred and twenty-four feet long;
and I think will be shot proof and shell proof, and
be able to resist any ordnance that is now in use.
It will be seen, Mr. President, that the amend-
ment winch I have offered is a mere conditional
one. A board of examiners is to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, and if they make
a report which is satisfactory to him, then he can
go on and complete the battery. If the report is
not satisfactory, of course he will expend no
money. 1 do hope that, in the present times,
this amendment will be adopted. In four months
from to-day this great machine can be completed,
and will be of immense service to us. This ves-
sel can go to New Orleans or to Charleston.
Mr. GRIMES. How much water will she
draw?
Mr. THOMSON. She can be reduced to less
than seventeen feet.
Mr. CLARK. She cannot go into Charleston
harbor.
Mr. THOMSON. I believe there are new
channels opened there. She certainly can get
into New Orleans. I do hope this amendment
will be adopted. It is certainly quite germane
to the bill. It is not open to the objections which
have been made by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance, because it is an ap-
propriation, and it docs belong to the naval ap-
propriation bill. I think,myself,it wasanomis-
sion on the part of the other House in not insert mg
it there.
