140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
which is sometimes made the pica of unconstitu-
tional usurpation. In the case of the man in
Maryland, who has been confined so long in Fort
Mcf±enry,andupon whose case the questionarose
•which drew out the opinion of the Chief Justice,
to which I have referred, was there a necessity,
in the view gentlemen take of it, for holding that
man in that fortress, instead of turning him over
to the civil authorities? What was the charge?
The chief charge, I believe, was that weeks be-
fore he had been concerned in treasonable acts,
and in burning down bridges. Was not the judi-
cial authority there to take charge of it, try him,
and, if guilty, to convict him and punish* him?
Will any Senator point out the necessity for the
occurrences which are now taking place every
day, of arresting individuals without warrant of
law? If that be a necessity in the present condi-
tion of affairs, and when Congress is in session
here, what a long necessity we have before us,
and impending over us! Sir, let Congress adjourn
approving and ratifying these acts, and the same
character of necessity precisely, even stronger
perhaps, will justify the President in superseding
the laws in every State of this Union where, in
hisopinion,itshould be done; and, sir,there will
not be a vestige of civil authority left to rise after
the passing tread of military power.
But, Mr. President, I deny this doctrine of ne-
cessity. I deny that the President of the United
States may violate the Constitution upon the
ground of necessity. The doctrine is utterly sub-
versive of the Constitution; it is utterly subversive
of all written limitations of government; and it
substitutes, especially where you make him the
ultimate judge of that necessity, and his decision
not to be appealed from, the will of one man for
a written constitution. Mr. President, the Gov-
ernment of the United States, which draws its
life from the Constitution, and which was made
by that instrument, does not rest as docs the Con-
stitution in many other countries, upon usage or
upon implied consent. It rests upon express
written consent. The Government of the United
States may exercise such powers, and such only,
as are given in this written form of government
and bond which unites the States; none others.
The people of the States conferred upon this agent
of theirs just such poweis as they deemed neces-
sary, and no more; all others they retained. That
Constitution was made for all contingencies; for
peace and for war. They conferred all the pow-
ers they deemed necessary, and more cannot be
assumed, to carry on the Government. They
intended to provide for all contingencies that they
thought ought to be provided for, and they re-
tained to the States all the powers not granted by
the instrument. If in any instance it may be
supposed that the powers conferred are not suffi-
cient, still none others were granted, and none
others can he exercised. Will this be denied,sir?
Or is the doctrine to be advanced that all consti-
tutional questions are to be made entirely subor-
dinate to the opinions and ideas that may prevail
at the hour in reference to political unity and as-
sociation ? It lias been held heretofore—I thought
it was axiomatic, and received everywhere—that
the terms of the Constitution of the United States
were the measure of power on one side, and of
obedience on the other; and let us take care how
we establish a principle that, under the presumed
stress of circumstances, powers not granted may
be assumed; take care that you do not furnish an
argument which the world and history will re-
spectupon the part of people and States, to throw
off an authority which no longer respects its own
limitations.
Mr. President, these are a few of the reasons
which control me in voting against this resolution.
It seems tome (hat Congress should express some
opinion upon it, and I trust it will be voted upon.
If the vote shall be as I fear it will, it will be an
invitation to the Presidentof the United States, in
the absence of other legislation, to do the like acts
of usurpation whenever he thinks they are neces-
sary. What will be the cfFectofit ? Herein Wash-
ington, in Kentucky, in Missouri, everywhere
where the authority of the President extends, in
his discretion he will feel himself warranted by
the action of Congress upon this resolution to sub-
ordinate the civil to the military power; to nnpris-*
on citizens without warrant of law; to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus; to establish martial law;
to make seizures and searches without warrant;
to suppress the press; to do all those acts which
rest in the will and in the authority of a military
commander. In my judgment, sir, if we pass it,
we are upon the eve of putting, so far as wo can,
in the hands of the President of the United States
the power of a dictator.
With such a beginning as that, what are we to
expect in the future ? Sir, when I see men impris-
oned within hail of the Capitol, without a war-
rant, and the courts paralyzed,and Congress*not
rising to protest in indignant tones against it, my
mind is filled with gloomy forebodings of the
future. What may we expect, except a line of
conduct in keeping with what has occurred?
Mr. President, is this contest to preserve the
Constitution ? If so, then it should be waged in
a constitutional manner. Is the doctrine to obtain
that the provisions of the Federal Constitution
are to be entirely subordinated to the idea of po-
litical unity ? Shall the rallying cry be, " the
Constitution and the Union," or are we prepared
to say, " the Constitution is gone, but the Union
survives?" What«ort of Union would it be ? Let
this principle be announced, let us carry on this
contest with this spirit, and wink at or approve
violations of this sacred instrument, and, sir, the
people will soon begin to inquire what will be-
come of their liberties at the end of the strife.
The pregnant question, Mr. President, for us to
decide is, whether the Constitution is to be rc-
spcctcd in this struggle; whether we are (o be
called upon to follow the flag over the ruins of
the Constitution? Without questioning the mo-
tives of any, I believe that the whole tendency
of the present proceedings is to establish a Gov-
ernment without limitations of powers, and to
change radically our frame and character of Gov-
ernment.
I was told the other day, by a very excellent
and distinguished man, who was not long since
in the service of the Government abroad, with
whom 1 wasconversingupon the present extraor-
dinary condition of public affairs, that many Amer-
icans abroad, when they are asked by foreigners,
in view of the present condition of things here,
"Wo supposed that your Federal Government
rested upon consent: how do you propose to
maintain it hy loice?"—often, he ways, the an-
swer coming from citizens of the United States
would be, " it was intended to rest upon consent;
it has failed; it is not strong enough; we intend
to make it stronger; we will change the character
of the Government, and we will give it all the
strength that we deem essential, without regard
to the provisions of the Constitution, which was
made some eighty years ago, and is found not to
fit the present" condition of affairs."
Sir, t think it is quite tune that the attention of
the Senate were called to the tendency of the day.
I know that there are thousands and hundreds of
thousands of true, conservative, thoughtful men,
who love the Constitution of their country, scat-
tered all through the adhering States, and who
never would consent to conduct this contest with
arms one step further or one day longer if they
believed that any purpose existed substantially
to change the character of our system, to interfere
with personal rights, or the rights of political
communities, and who are willing to go just as
far as the Constitution warrants them, and no
further. There are many who are of a different
opinion, and have a different purpose to pursue.
I read the other day in a leading, able, influential
paper in one of the northern States, some sugges-
tions which are abroad in this land, which fill
many heads and many hearts, and which derive
strength and consistency and point from much
that 1 see passing around us here. That able
paper says:
u The war may poon pass away; we may have a quick
and\it.il battle-iielU, and the Noith pro\e it«> ptoWess, as
eeitamly it will; but the tnnh of national umtj and power
that the^o events have given enduios—combined, con-
densed, conccntiated—m Army and fta^y.
" ft is! the ch.uaetd i.-tic of the hi-toiy of our times, that
it gives to yeajs the labor which was the burden in other
times tor ng 's ; and the sudden lie-hm? into one bounding
artery of all the life-blood of the jYoich may now c.-eate
We shall a<-k the question, Why all these State linos ?
Wily all tin* neediest, ctnnboiponip, intneate eutanglc-
menf ot difrVient poweis to make law and to deciee judg-
ment? We can affoid now to efface the old colonial geog-
raphy. It the admitted powers of States within the
nation that has been the mkiicc of all our tioubic. Nor
will the removal of State power, and the ci cation or a na-
tionality, be a ta^-lc vo formidable.'1
" This aitiftcia! difficulty oi Stale rights is not an insur-
mountable one. It must yield to the greatest good of one
power; we are not strangers and stiange to each other."
* * * * " We need not all these Legislatures,
all these sovereignties. We are one, and to move as one."
That, sir, in%y opinion, is the purpose of a
growing party in this country, and is the inevit-
able tendency of the present conduct of affairs.
I remember to have read, not long since, a speech
made by the present able Secretary of War, in
this city, in which he said that the southern States
must be subdued, and that at the end of this con-
test there would be no more Virginians as such,
or Carolinians as such; but only Americans all.
Sir, the name of American is a proud one, and I
love it; but it is the preservation of the names of
Virginians and Pennsyl van ians, and the distinctive
existence of all these States,which alone can keep
the name of American a proud one. I never want
to see them blotted out.
I said, sir, that in my opinion, the tendency was
to change our character of Government, and that
the purpose, if not avowed, is acted upon to con-
duct those proceedings without regaid to the limit-
ation of the Constitution. These things I have
enumerated go to show it. Tins joint resolution
goes to show it. I call upon Senators to defend
the constitutionality of these acts, or else to ad-
mit that we intend to conduct this contest without
regard to the Constitution. Sir, the character of
the contest itself gives a fearful foreboding of it.
The whole-subject has been argued over and over
again, and I will not weary the patience of the
Senate in speaking of the character of the Govern-
ment now. I content myself with saying that it
never was in contemplation, by the framers of
the Constitution that this Government should be
maintained by military force to subjugate the
different political communities that compose the
States. It was declared by Madison, ay,and by
Hamilton, the great Federalist, himself a member
of the convention that framed the Constitution,
that it was not in the competency of the Govern-
mentthus to preserve it. But look at the contrast.
An army of half a million men concentrating
from ail points, not to execute the laws against
individuals; not a militaiy force employed in aid
of the civil power—the civil power of the Uni-
ted States docs not exist in the States which have
withdrawn—but for the purpose of military sub-
jugation. Call it what you will, if is military
subjugation if successful. Suppose the Federal
troops are able to overcome all the opposition
before th^m: what is contemplated and avowed ?
They are to march through Virginia, through the
Carolinas, through all the Gulf States down to New
Orleans, to occupy them, to subdue them, in the
language of the press, and in the language of em-
inent gentlemen, who lepiesentthe feelings and
the purposes of the majority. That, sir, is pros-
ecuting the war unconstitutionally. Even if there
was a warrant, in the Constitution to carry it on
in that way, it would be the overthrow of the .
Constitution finally, and of the public liberty.
There is no warrant in the Constitution to con-
duct the contest in that form.
Sir, in further proof of my statement, that the
disposition is to conduct this'contest without re-
gard to the Constitution, witness the remarks
that fell the othci day from the able and very elo-
quent Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Baker.] He
is a constitutional lawyer; he knows what the
Constitution of his country is—no man better.
He declared, in the presence of the Senate and
the country, that he meant direct war, and that
for that purpose nothing was so good as a dictator;
he therefore was for conferring upon the Presi-
dent of the United States almost unlimited pow-
ers. I give his words. Nobody so good as a dic-
tator to conduct this sort of war we were in, and
of which he is in favor! Is anything necessary
more than to state this to show that, at least so
far as that Senator is concerned, he proposes to
condu<Jt it without regard to the Constitution ? I
heard no rebuke administered to that eminent
gentleman. Upon the contrary, I saw warm
congratulations from more than one Senator, ap-
parently upon the sentiments and the character of
the address.
In the course of the same spcech to which I
have referred, that eminent Senator declared that
not only must that country be ravaged by armies,
but that unless the people of those States paid
willing and loyal obedience to the Federal Gov-
ernment, their State form must be changed, and
