1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
they must be reduced to the condition of Terri-
tories; to be governed by Governors sent from
Massachusetts and Illinois. This was said seri-
ously; and afterwards, when referred to by my
colleague on a subsequent day, reaffirmed by that
eminent Senator. If necessary, reduced to the
condition of Territories 1 Is there authority in
the Constitution to do it?
# Mr. BA.KER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky
yield to the Senator from Oregon ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. I deem myself very unfortunate
that I cannot get either of thu Senators from Ken-
tucky, junior or senior, to understand what I did
say, whether it was well said or ill. Now, with
great respect for the Senator, I will try once
more; and because I am so misrepresented, I
hope he will bear with me one or two moments;
it will not hurt his speech. I was making a
speech the other day against giving too much
power to the President. I was occupying my
usual constitutional-guarded position against the
increase of a standing army. I gave, as an ex-
cuse for voting for an army at all, the present
condition of public affairs; and in that light and
with that purpose, I did say, in a speech very
well reported, that, in order to save the Union, I
would take some risk of despotism. I repeat that
riow: I will risk a little to save all.
Again: I expressed my sincere hope—perhaps
I may have added my conviction—that in a better
and not a very distant day, the southern States
would not only return to their allegiance, but
would become loyal in sentiment, as well as opin- |
ion. I expressed then what I fool now,a fervent i
hope that the people for whom, he well knows, 1 j
pleaded, with his friends as well as mine, daring j
the last session of Congress, should again be one
with us,in feeling and in destiny. But I declared
then what no comment of his or his colleague will
drive me from, that if, contrary to that hope—if
I may not add that conviction—thev did not do
it, if they would not scud members here to gov-
ern them, it was bettor, far the sake of ultimate
peaces for freedom, civilization, humanity, that
they should be governed as Territories arc gov-
erned, rather than permit perpetual anarchy, con-
fusion, discord, and civil war. [Manifestations
of applause in the galleries.] I did say that, and
I do believe that now; and f think the events of
the next six months will show that it would be
better for the country and the world and the Sen-
ator himself, if he believed it. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
of the Chair to inform citizens in the galleries that
there must be no interruption. There must be
no marks of approbation or disapprobation. The
Sergeant-at-Arms and the doorkeepers will see.
that the order of the Senate is strictly enforced,
and will arrest any person who violates the rules.
Mr. BRECHIN RIDGE. Mr. President, I did
not misunderstand the position of the Senator from
Oregon, and I think that I stated it in substancc
as he has stated it himself. I accept, however,
his statement, if it varies from#the one I made.
The declaration just made by the Senator is addi-
tional proof that the Consiitntion of the United
States is not to be the measure of the authority
exercised by the Government in the prosecution
of this contest; and the appioval of the public, in
so far as that public is represented here, is addi-
tional evidence to my mind that the sanctity of
the instrument is ceasing to influence the feelings
and actions of the people. Sir, I want the coun-
try at large, I want the people of the United States,
to understand distinctly what the issue is. How-
ever they may determine it, it may be well to let
them understand what it is. In the valley of.the
Ohio and the Upper Mississippi, they are, I think,
resting under the impression that the Constitu-
tion oT the United States is not to be violated; and
they are hot yet prepared to take the ground that
the principle of political unity shall be held supe-
rior to the provisions of the Constitution. Now,
the Senator rcuffinn.3 upon this floor that, if it
should became necessary in the opinion of Con-
gress, he would be m favor of reducing these States
to a territorial condition. Well, sir, if they are
out of the Union, I suppose we have the power
to make war on them under that general power,
which exists in all people to make war, and con-
quer them and do as we please with them; but if
they are regarded as still being States in this Union,
and to be treated according to the provisions and
the powers conferred by the Federal Constitution,
there is no pretense of argument, none will be
made, that the instrument contains any authority
to reduce them to the territorial condition. It is
an additional proof of the statement I made, that
the Constitution of the United States is put aside
in this contest. I want the people to know it.
Let them determine. They will determine as they
tlunk best for their own interest and their own
destiny. Perhaps, sir, they will pause and con-
sider what is likely to become of their own liber-
ties after this spirit shall have worked out itself.
I consider it not only subversive of the Consti-
tution, but I consider it subversive of the public
liberty, to clothe any man with dictatorial pow-
ers, and to undenake, under a republican form of
government, to govern ten million people as if
they were in a territorial condition. This Union
is composed of States. The people cf the States
made it. The Constitution |£c!arcs, in express
terms, that" the United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government;" and yet it is announced upon the
floor of the American Senate, by a Senator of the
United States, that, in a certain contingency, he
would destroy a State itself and make it a Terri-
tory.
Mr. President, as a further proof, I will accu-
mulate two or three more. The excellent Sena-
tor from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,] heretofore
always legarded as one of the most moderate and
conservative in the political organization to which
he is attached, unless I misheard him yesterday
in some rematks which he was making just as 1
entered the Chamber, said in substance that, if
the institution of African slavery stood in the way
of the Union, it must be abolished. I may not
give his words; but I think I have given the sub-
stance of his idea, and he nods approval# Well,
Mr. President 
Mr. Dixon7 rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kentucky £rive way?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DIXON. I have here what 1 said yester-
day, as reported in the Globe. I have marked
the passage to which the Senator alludes; and I
ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" 1 ppeak for only one State; and the voice of that State
that thi-s lebelhun mu-t be ciu«hed. Let it require a
longer oi a ^liojtei time, let it eost moie or less money, a
gieater or le^ sacrifice of human lite, still it can be, it
must and will be, ci ui-hcd. It the ordinary liieain ot war-
fare can do this, Jot them, as I h< p« they may. suffice; bat
it moie shall he icquired, more must be lesoi ted to. It may
be, should the war continue to drag its slow K'ustli alonsj,
that means, which seem to u- teitific in their conse-
quences may be lequired; bnt it ought to he understood
now, in the beginuinjr, that whatever means mav he ncces-
saiyto piescivt: the territoiial integrity of the United Static
and the umtv of the nation, will, when the necessity shall
arise, he u-e'd fteely, fully, and unhe^it.uinaly. If, in the
com-e nl events, it shall appeal lh.it either shivery oi this
Government inu^t peuih, then the \meeol a united people
will declate. let slavery pencil, ami let the Government live
foiever. Hueh is the stein determ,nation lo winch thou-
sands have come, who have been considered heietoiore
men of modeiatc news, 1 will not enlaicre on tlu^> point-
It is enough lo state it. Jt l- th" ealm, deliberate opinion
otthat gieat con-eivative class who, in the outlet of these
troubles, wcie anxious, if po-Mhle. to hnd a piMeelul solu-
tion of our d'tlieuiues Finding this impossible, they have
come to the conclusion that the Government shall be saved
fiom destiuction whatever eNe may peiish.
" Let me not he miMindei stood. The object of the stiug-
gle we aie now em n«ed in. on the paitot the loyal States,
Is not the abolition oi blaveiy ; but if it shall prove a long
continued contest, that may he its inevitable consequence.
Let tho.sC mo-tinieiet-ted eoiifcider this tiuth in all it* bear-
ings."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe, sir, that I
did not misrepresent the position taken by the
Senator from Connecticut. Let us pause one mo-
ment, Mr. President, and consider to what that
leads. Men who love the Constitution and the
Union of the States as sincerely and cordially as
the Senator himself could possibly do, consider
the Union not an end, but a means—a means by
which, under the tcinis of the Constitution, lib-
ertv may be maintained, property and personal
fights protected, and general happiness secured.
The substance of what is there declared by the
Senator is, that the unity of the Government shall
survive not only the Constitution, but all rights
both of persons and of property.
The institutions of the southern States existed
before the Constitution was formed, and were
intended to be secured by it. Their political
rights are no more sacred in the view of the Con-
stitution than their other rights. Their property
of any other description is no more sacred in view
of the Constitution, or of their own laws, than the
description of property to which the Senator re-
ferred. To declare that this contest shall be pros-
ecuted, if necessary, to the abolition of slavery in
the southern States, is in principle to declare that,
if it becomes necessary, it shall be prosecuted to
the total subversion of all State authority, to the
total overthrow of all rights, personal and politi-
cal, and to the entire subversion of their liberties,
possibly of ours. The conclusions are not too
large which I draw from the principle announced
by the Senator; and taken in connection with the
declaration of the Senator from Oregon, taken in
connection with the acts which are treated in this
joint resolution, and the other acts which I have
enumerated, it proves what I fear, and what I
desire the country to understand, that the Con-
stitution of the United States is no longer to be
held as the measure of power on one side and of
obedience on the other, but that it is to be put
aside to carry out the purposes of the majority.
I hold, sir, that it is no legitimate mode to pre-
serve the Union of the States by trampling the
Constitution under foot; and 1 do not believe that
the people of the adhering States are willing to
go into this strife with vast armies, make war,
abolish institutions and political communities
themselves, struggling simply for the idea of ter-
ritorial integrity and national unity, finding, when
they come out of the contest, the Constitution
gone, and themselves at sea as to the character of
the institutions with which they shall emerge
from it.
Sir, I have accomplished my object if I have
called attention in a broken, but plain and pointed
way, to the fact that these acts which I have
enumerated, and these declaiations,and these pro-
ceedings which are occurring around us, prove
that the Constitution is not to be the measure of
action; and strangely enough it sounds for gen-
tlemen to decline that they do all these things to
preserve the Constitution of their country !
Mr. President, in ray jugdment, the people of
the United States are not for this; and, in my opin-
ion, they will not agree to wage war for any such
purpose with any such results. They will not
agree to let any of the functional ies to whom they
have confided power, under whatever patriotic pre-
text, wander away from the Constitution. If they
shall become at any time satisfied that the tend-
ency of this conflict, whether it be the purpose or
not, shall be either to abolish the existence of any
of the States or to abolish any of.their institutions,
including, I will add, that of slavery, however ob-
noxious to many, they will never consent to let
the war be waged for that purpose.
Mr. President, I regret to say that what may be
called the more extreme violent and resolute men
of the Republican organization appear to have
control of its destiny at this time, and all efforts
are being made for the purpose of preventing
any return to peace, and of inflaming the public
passions against the institutions of the South. I
heard a bill read at that table this morning by
its title; and how did it read? "A bill to sup-
press the slaveholders' rebellion." If it had
had a title, " A bill to provide for the execution
of the laws," or any other pailiamentary title
known heretofore in American legislativeproceed-
ings, of coursc I should not have been astonished;
but when I see in a deliberative body nn attentpt
made, through the very heading of a bill, to create
odium and prejudice against a particular interest,
which is equally protected with others under the
Constitution of your country, it shows a frame of
mind which leads all thoughtful men to despair
both of the Constitution and the country, if such
a spirit can pievail. Yes, sir, there is now upon
your Calendar, or has been referred to a commit-
tee, a bill, the title of which is, "A bill to suppress
the slaveholders' rebellion." 1 have not seen the
bill, but I am informed by a Senator near me tha.t
in the body of the bill there is a proposition to
set free all the slaves in the States that have with-
diawn. 1 suppose it will be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator be
kind enough to wait until I get through? Unless
