146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings, or by the power vested in the marshal,
it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States to eall forth the militia of such Slate, or of
any other State or States, and cause the laws to
be duly executed; and that the militia so to be
called forth shall be continued, if necessary, till
the expiration of thirty days after the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. The first section of the act
of 1795 is not affected by this bill. That sec-
tion, as I said before, has relation to insurrections
within a State against the lawful authority of the
State. For the purpose of suppressing such in-
surrections against State authority, within the
jurisdiction of a State, the first seetion of the act
of 1795 remains in full force. That part of the
gentleman's inquiry is thereby answered. The
second section of the act of 1795 is repealed, for
the reason which I before stated to the House,
namely: that we have substantially inserted it in
the first seetion of this bill, and have inserted the
additional words, not found in that act, but justi-
fied by the precedents of 1803, 1806, 1808, and
1812, to which I before referred.
I called the attention of the gentleman to the
fact before, that the act of 1808 authorized the
President of the United States, when, in his judg-
ment, the public exigencies require it, to call out
one hundred thousand of the niililia of the United
States. We have incorporated these woids in this
bill for the purpose of avoiding and excluding
what is, in my judgment, a forced construction
which was put on the act of 1795, in the Decem-
ber message of the late Executive of the United
States, wherein he informed this House, and the
people of this country, that he had no power
under the act of 1795 to call out the militia of the
United States to vindicate their own Constitution
against insurrection and rebellion, in the absence
of a Pedeial court and a Federal marshal, within
any State in which that rebellion or insurrection
might arise. The gentleman is answered.
Mr. SHELLABARGrKR. 1 desire to make an
inquiry from my colleague.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I observe that in
the second and third sections of this act there is a
departure from the language of" the act of 1195, in
this: by the act of 1795, the continuance of the
militia in service is limited to thirty clays beyond
the next session of Congress. In this bill it is pro-
vided that it shall not extend beyond the next
" regular'' session of Congress. Why the dis-
tinction ? Why not let it stand so as not to extend
more than a given number of days beyond the
" next" session, instead of the next " regular"
session ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill expressly provides
that the militia may be discharged atany time by
proclamationofthe President. My colleague may
observe another limitation more impoitant than
that to which he refers, in the act of 1795. Under
the limitation of the aet of 1795, the President
cannot employ the militia for a longer period than
three months in any year. After that, they have
to be mustered out of the service whether Con-
gress wills it or not, if-the militia demand it. I
undertake to say that this three-months limitation
has cost the people to-day a million dollars. To
avoid a like difficulty in the future, we provide in
this bill that the militia called into service shall
serve until discharged by the President's procla-
mation, which the President may issue at any
time; but, at ail events, if not sooner discharged
by the President, they will not continue in service
longer than for sixty days after the next regular
session of Congress, unless Congress provide
therefor especially. It seems to me that the bill
is fairly guarded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This bill proposes
to authorize the President to call out the military
force, of the country, not in aid of the execution of
the laws of the land by civil process.
Mr. BiNGHAM. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think not.
Mr. BINGHAM. The operative words in the
act of 1795 are quoted in the bill in this form:
_ That whenever, by leason of unlawlul obstructions, com-
Dinations, or assemblages of persons, 01 lebelhon against the !
authority of IheGoverninent of tiie United States. It shall j
become impiactieable, in the judgment of the President of |
the United States, to enfoice, " by tfye ordinary comseof i,
judicial fnoceedings," the laws of the United States, &c. ii
This is precisely the language of the act of
1795.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Still, there is the
addition of "rebellion," which has not been, as
I understand, in any preceding act since 1795.
Mr. BINGHAM. The word " rebellion" is
incorporated in the bill, as an amendment, be-
cause it is the word used in the Constitution. It
is supposed that the legislation of 1795 had ref-
erence to rebellion, and to nothing else. We put
the word in the bill in order to make its object
and purpose plain.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The point I make
is this: that the theory of this Government con-
templates the employment of a military force
solely in subordination to civil authority,and for
the purpose of executing laws, aiding the judicial
and executive officers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I view the matter precisely
as my colleague does. I have no doubt that the
true construction of the act of 1795 was, that the
President of the United States-should, in the ex-
ercise of a sound discretion, call out the militia in
aid of the execution of the laws, by suppressing
rebellion against the laws. But a forced construc-
tion was put on that act, to the surprise of every
intelligent man in the country, which was to the
effect that if the rebels should, cut the throats of
the Federal judge and Federal marshal, in any
State, (he Executive could not act against their
assassins, or enforce the laws within such State.
We say, in the light of the legislation of 1808,
that such was never the purpose of the legislation
of 1795. The act of 1808, passed with singular
unanimity under the administration of Jefferson,
expressly provided that whenever, in the judg-
ment of the Executive, the execution of the*laws
might be so obstructed by assemblages and com-
binations as to make it impracticable to execute
the laws by the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceeding, it should be lawful for him to call out the
people m defense of the laws, and enforce obedi-
ence to them.
The principle, Mr. Speaker, in short, of all
this legislation, is this: that the institutions, the
Constitution and laws of this country, repose for
their security, and look for their enforcement
against resistance and rebellion, to the whole
loyal people. This bill, sir, simply unfetters the
hands of the Executive of the Government, so
that when the Constitution is assailed by rebels
and traitors, the people may come to its rescue,
and assert its obligation against all combinations
of men; and that, too, in obedience to andincon-
formity with the requirements of law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no personal ambi-
tion to serve by any action the House may take
upon this subject. I only desire to sec the record
made up, and to discharge my own duty as a
Representative. I have no disposition to cut off
debate; but as the morning hour is rapidly run-
ning out, 1 now demand the the previous question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
bin.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will merely state
that the gentleman has not controverted the posi-
tion taken by me at all.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask my col-
league another question before the vote is taken.
The militia which was called out in pursuance of
the proclamation of the President in April last,
was called out in pursuance of the act of 1795.
Their time has-not yet expired. Now, if that
act is repealed, as is provided by this bill, in what
condition will those volunteers be left, unless some
saving clause is introduced into this bill on the
subject, to legalize their enrollment until their
time has expired ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state, in reply to my
colleague, that we have not considered it import-
ant to raise the question suggested by the gentle-
man, inasmuch as the time for which these volun-
teers enlisted has already nearly expired. Indeed,
according to the construction of some, the time
expires to-day or to-moirow, and the law, I say
it with all lespect for my colleague, takes no notice
of small things. If theie had been any consider-
able time to run, such a saving clause as my col-
league has suggested would have been inserted.
I now renew my denrand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary were then taken up and con-
curred in; as.follows:
First and second amendments:
Section one, fourth line, afterthe word" persons," insert
"or rebellion against the authority of the Government of
the United States." And mseit in the fourteenth line, after
the vftni li States/' the words "or to suppress such rebel-
lion;" so that the seetion as amended would read:
That whenever, by reason of unlawful obftiuctions, com-
binations, or assemblages of per.-oi^, oi rebellion against
the authority of the Government of the United States, ii
shall become impracticable, in thw judgment of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to entoree, by the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings, the laws of the United State* within
any State or Territory;of the U/iited States, it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States to call forth the
militia ol any or all the States of the Union, and to em-
ploy such parts of th« land and naval forces} of the United
States as he may deem nece.-sary to enforce the faithful
execution of the laws of the United States, or to suppress
feuth rebellion in whatever State or Tenitory the re of the
laws of the United States may be forcibly opposed, or the
execution thereof forcibly obstructed.
Third amendment:
Section three, line five, after the word " President," in-
sert, "Provided, That sach continuance in service shall not
extend beyond sixty days after the commencement of the
next regular session of Congress, unless Congress shall ex-
pressly provide by law therefor: Jind provided, further,
That the militia so called into the service of the United
States shall, during their time of service, be entitled to the
same pay, rations, and allowances for clothing, as are, or
may be, established by law for the Army of the United
States ;7> so that the section, as amended, would read :
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the militia so
called into the service of the United States shall be subject
to the same rules and ai tides of warns the troops of the
United States, and he continued in the service of the Uni-
ted States until dischaiged by piociamation of the Pre«i-
'sdent: Provided, That such continuance in service shall
not extend beyond sixty days after the commencement of
the next regular session of Congress, unless Congi ess shall
expressly piovide by law therelor: Jind provided further,
That the militia so called into the service of the United
States shall, dunng their time of service, be entitled to the
same pay, rations, and allowance for clothing, as are, or may
be, established by law for the Army of the United States.
Fourth amendment:
Section four, Ime thirteen, before the word "five," in-
sert the word u twenty;" so that the section will read:
Srcc. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That every officer,
non commissioned officer, or private of the militia, who
shall fail to obey the ordeis of the Piesident of the United
States in any of the cases before recited, shall forfeit a sum
not exceeding one year's pay and not less than one month's
pay, tobedetenninedand adjudged by a eomt-martiaj; and
such officer shall be liable to be cashiered by a sentence of
comt-imutial, and be incapacitated fiom holding a commis-
sion in the militia, for a term not exceeding twelve months,
at the discretion of rhe coin t; and such non-commissioned
officei oi pnvate shall be liable to imprisonment, by a like
sentence, on failure of payment of the fines adjudged against
them, for one calendar month for every twenty-five dollars
of such fine.
Fifth amendment:
Section eight, line three, after the word " Union," in-
seit the woids "suppress insurrections and icpel inva-
sions ;  so that the section, as amended, would lead:
Src. 8. JtnJ be it further enacted, That soctions two,
three, and loui, of the act entitled "An act to ptovide for
calling fmth the militia to execute tiie huvs of the Union,
suppiess lnsunettion^ and icpei Invasions, and to repeal
the act now m force tor those puipo?e?r" appioved Feb-
ruary 28,1795, and so much of the residue of s;.id act, and of
all other acts, as conflict with this act, are hereby repealed.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time.
Mi. BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We shall want to
use some of these acts one of these days. I hope
the yeas and nays will not be ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. WASHBURNK. I move to reconsider
the vote by which a bill from the Senaffwas this
morning referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that it be referred
to^the Committee on Naval affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, in writing, was received by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
