148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
West Point Military Academy; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REVENUE MARINE.
Mr. WASKBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill relative to the revenue marine,
to fix the compensation of the officers thereof, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and, with an accompanying com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HTJTCHINS. I aslt the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill defining the
duties and fixing the compensation of the Clerk,
Sergeant-at-Arms, Postmaster, Doorkeeper, and
Librarian, and settling the number and pay of the
other employes of the House of Representatives,
and for other purposes.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. "WALTON, of Vermont. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, Thar there be printed for the use of the House
five thousand extra copies of the report of I860 on com-
mercial leiatioiis.
I desire to say that this is the usual number.
This is the seventh volume of the series, and un-
less the order is made to print it, the series will
be broken. The order should have been made at
the last session of Congress, but it was accident-
ally omitted. I have an estimate from the Super-
intendent of Printing, and it will cost $1 63 per
volume.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Vermont if he believes that a
single one of these books that you sen<l forth are
of any sort of service to the people to whom they
are sent; in other words, do they ever open or read
them? Did he ever hear of such a thing?
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I think this is
one of the most important documents published
by Congress. It is on commercial relations, and
a fleets all the commercial interests of the country.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The argument of the gen-
tleman that this is the usual number of copies, is
no reason why we should continue this publica-
tion now. 1 think this is a good time in the his-
tory of the legislation of the country to commence
a little reticnchment and reform, in the publication
and sending forth of books which are compara-
tively of no value at all, and 1 hope wo shall com-
mence with this report on commercial relations;
and although this may be the number usually
ordered, let us refuse altogether to print it.
Mr. WALTON, of Vn-mont. If it is the desire
of the House to stop the publication of documents,
this is the best time u> do it. I do not wish to aigue
the question. I demand the previous question.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the num-
ber of copies called foi ?
Mr.,WALTON, of Vermont. Five thousand
copies.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In my judgment,
it is a book that ought to be in every public library
in the country.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oidered; and being put, the res-
olution was agreed to.
TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-,
miuee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five hnndted copies of the report of the
Secietar) of* tTie Treasuiy on the condition o( tin' finance^,
with the accompanying documents, be punted for the u-se
of the Ticariijty Department.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR DOUGLAS.
Mr, BAILY, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Re$olvedf That there be punted and hound, under the
direction of the Committee on I'nutins:, twenty thousand
copies of the obituiiiy adduces dehveied in the Senate
and florae on the death of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, for
the use of the members of the House.
EMPLOYMENT OF A CLERK.
Mr. POTTER, from the select committee on
the loyalty of Government employes, reported
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee of investigation ap-
pointed under the resolution of this House, adopted July
8, " to ascertain and report to the House the number of per-
sons, with the names thereof, now employed in the several
Departments, ot the Government, who are known to enter-
tain sentiments of hostility to the Government," &.c., be
authorized to employ a clerk ata rate of compensation not
to exceed four dollars per day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It ought to be con-
fined to the present session. *
Mr. POTTER. Probably before the present
session closes it will be necessary that a resolu-
tion shall be introduced here authorizing the com-
mittee to sit during the recess. A very large amount
of business is already before t.he committee, and it
will be utterly impossible for them to close their
labors before the close of the present session.
For that reason, I object to the limitation sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he modify his resolution by adding the
words, " while the committee shall be in session,
and while actually employed."
Mr. POTTER. I accept that modification.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is the resolution
in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is. It is a report from a
committee.
Mr. "VALLANDIGHAM. In a proper shape,
I should have no sort of objection to it; but I
think it is too broad.
The resolution was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following as the select committee to
inquire in what manner the expenses of Govern-
ment can be red need: Messrs. Frederick A.Conk-
i.ing, Kellogg of Illinois, Burnett, Blair of
Pennsylvania, Nixon, Ciirisfield, and Browne
of Rhode Island.
MESSAGE FltOM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate a7id House of Representatives:
I tiansmitto Con^re^ a copy of cot respond once between
the Sceietarj of Ht.ue and hei Untannic Maje^y's envoy
eYtraoidm.iry and minuter plenipotentiary acciedited to
this Government, relative to an exhibition of the products
ot mdustiy of all nations, which is to take place at London
in tlx1 course ot ne\f year. As the citizens of the United
States may justly pud" themselves upon their proficiency
in the indu>trml ait?., it is desirable that they should have
piopcr utilities towauis taking p.ut iti the exhibition.
With tins view, I reeomineitd .stieh legislation by Congress
ut this se-.MOii as may he nece^saty foi that purpose.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, July, 1861.
T|ie message find accompanyingdocuments were
referred to the Committee on Manufactures, and
ordered to be printed.
MARITIME RIGHTS.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous conscnt to oiler
the following resolution:
IiesolreJ, Thatthe ProMdcntof the United States,if com-
patible with the public in lei e-', communicate to thib House
all. or *aieh pot turns as he nvu deem advisable, ot' the eoi*~
re-pondence on file in the Dopaitinont of Slate between
tin- Government and ail iorcian i'oweis, fiom 1833 to the
piet>ent time, with u-ferunce to muntime rights.
Mr. OLIN. T object to its introduction.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt the gentleman will
withdraw hiss objection when lie understands my
motive it) offering the resolution.
Mr. OLIN. I decline to withdraw my objec-
tion.
"WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. OOVODE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have printed the bill relative to
the West Point Academy, which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
EULOGIES ON MM. SCRANTON.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing;
Rctoli rd, That ten f hon-and copies of thr  eulogies on the
late Geouie W. Scianfon, Kite n ntemhoi of this llouac, he
punted for the use of meinheia ot the House.
THANKS TO GENERAL M'CLELLAN.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be presented to '
Major General G. B. McClellan, and the officers and sol-
diers of his command, for the series of brilliant and deci-
sive victories which, J>y their skill and bravery, they have
achieved over rebel^and traitors in arms on the battle-fields
of western Virginiaf
\ TH|f VOLUNTEER FORCES.
of Missouri. I move that the
rules blTsujpended, afcd that the House resolve
itself in?b rfte Committee ofthe Whole on the state
of the Umon on House bill No. 36.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McCler-
nand in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 36) to increase the-
efficiency of the volunteer forces of the United
States.
The bill was read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. One word of expla-
nation in reference to this bill. The Committee
on Military Affairs were chargcd with the consid-
eration of the President's message and accom-
panying documents, and especially of that part
which concerns the military establishment of the
country, and have had under consideration that
recommendation of the Secretary of War to add
to the military establishment of the country eleven
new regiments—nine of infantry, one of cavalry,
and another of artillery; which recommendation
has been, in some sense, carried into execution
by General Order No. 16,the officets for these new
regiments having been selected m part,and, I be-
lieve, nearly entirely. The committee unani-
mously dissented from the recommendation of the
Secretary of War. They do not consider that
there is any occasion now for increasing the mili-
tary establishment of this country. They believe
that the'volunteer force called out, and which we
have authorized the Presiden t to call out, is amply
sufficient to defend the country against the as-
saults of all its enemies. They believe, also, that
if there shall be an occasion for a greater military
establishment than that which we now have, as
a peace establishment at the end of the war, the
proper time to do so will be when the war shall
nave been ended.
The Congress which will be then in existence
will have all the facts before it from which to
judge of the necessity of it, while we would have
to anticipate, and to form a judgmentin reference
to the future, if we should now undertake to form
an establishment which is to subsist as a peace
establishment.
In addition, it is believed that we shall have the
advantage of the record which shall have been
made by all the officers in the service, as well
those of the regular Army as of the volunteer
force, by which we will be able to select the most
efficient officers for the new regiments; whereas
these officers would now have to be selected, as
it were, in the dark and at random, without our
being able to put their fitness to any practical or
certain test. They are appointed simply on their
recommendations,and wecan have nowno knowl-
edge of their capacity. If we were to make the
selections now, we would cutoff whatwill be one
of the greatest incentives to exertion on the part
of officers, both of the regular force and of the
volunteer force, during the war.
Inasmuch, however, as something has already
been done towards the formation of these new
regiments by the appointment of officers, your
committee have thought proper not to disturb it,
except to strip it of that feature which alone makes
it repugnant to a free people—that of establish-
ing a large standing army. While we have left
the organization precisely us it was made in every
other respect by the Secretary of War and the
General-in-Chief—loft it with the number of men
and the officers selected from the Army to educate
and instruct them—we have recommended that
these regiments shall, in the first place, be re-
cruited by officers taken from civil life, and that
the two hundred and fifty officers of the regular
Army shall not be detachcd from their duties in
the field, until these new regiments shall be ready
to receive them.
The committee believe that it will require some
time—may bo six months—to complete the re-
cruiting of these regiments; and during all that
