150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
introduced a bill to canfer the very powers upon
the President which are conferred by the bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary this
morning by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.] Last year, sir,, we refused, in express
terms, to invest the President with these powers.
Some wjll remember the strenuous opposition with
•'which the measure was met. The question was
put to Mr. Stanton whether the act of Congress
of 1795 conferred these powers upon the Presi-
dent. If so, it was asked, why then pass any
further bill ? Mr. Stanton—one of the best law-
yers who ever satin this House—announced that
the law of 1795 did not confer any such power;
that the bill he introduced was to supply an
omission in the act of 1795.
Mr. CURTIS. Let me interrupt the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I have only an hour, and I
hope that not a moment of it will be taken from
me. My party is small. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I only desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he states the propo-
sition of Mr. Stanton rather too strongly.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot yield if it is to be
taken out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will betaken out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
(Mr. Stanton) made another significant declara-
tion at the same time, as to the purposss of the
Republican party and the incoming Administra-
tion, that I commend to the war party upon this
floor. He said:
" I apprehend that no man contemplates marehinga Sin-
gh- hostile loot Into the territory of any State of this Con-
federacy ; never, until it is absolutely necessary in self-
defense, and until southern armies are inarched on northern
foil, or the soil of this capital; never. That is not con-
templated."
In less than two months from the date of these
declarations, by the chairman of the Military
Committee of the last Congress, the President
issues this extraordinary proclamation.
I implore gentlemen to pause for reflection.
Answer mo this question: where did you derive
the power to coerce a Statu into obedience to the
Federal Government, acting through State author-
ity? Is the powerto be found either in thu express
grants of the Federal Constitution, or in any de-
duction fairly to be derived from those express
grants? It is a well-known matter of history, that
in the formation of the Constitution the proposi-
tion was made repeatedly—upon four different
occasions I believe—to confer upon Congress the
power to use the Army for the purpose of coer-
cion against a State; yet, on eveiy occasion, it
was rejected by the father* of the Republic. I
would tike to hear some gentleman on the other
side on that point.
1 desire to call the attention of members to an-
other of the series of measures which it is pro-
posed shall be passed by this Congress. We
have pending m both Houses, I believe, a joint
resolution proposing to indorse and ratify the acts
of the Executive from the 15th of Apitl to the
10th of May last. Reference has been made here
and elsewhere to gentlemen taking upon them-
selves n solemn oath to support the Constitution
ot the United States. The wisdom of our fathers
required that the highest officer of the Govern-
ment— the ChiefMagistrate of the Union—should,
before entering upon the discharge of his duties,
take a like oath that he would support, defend,
and protect the Constitution of the UnitedStates.
Then, when he would hold others to a rigid re-
sponsibility for the discharge of their duties, high
as he is, -I enter here this clay my solemn protest
against his flagrant and repeated violations of the
oath he took on the 4th of March last; against
his dangerous usurpations of power and*"open
defiance of law. I state, as a member of this
House, that the President has violated the Con-
stitution of the United States by his proclama-
tions of the 19th and 27th of April last, declaring
a blockade of southern ports.
It is one of the incidents of the war-making
power to declare a blockade. It is an act of war,
and Congress has alone the power to declare war.
I'o quote from a distinguished Senator, the Presi-
dent of the United States has no more authority to
declare a blockade of the southern ports of New
Oileans and Charleston, than he has to declare the
blockade of the northern ports of New York and
Boston. He can no more blockade Mobile, sir, !
than he can blockade, the port of Chicago, in your
own State. Need I, in abody of intelligent Rep-
resentatives, quote authority for what I assert?
Must I refer to men of learning who lived in days
gone by? I might refer, then, back to 1832, when
South Carolina proposed to nullify an act of Con-
gress. I might refer to the declaration of the ablest
man, in my judgment, who ever satin the Senate
—I mean Daniel Webster, of Massachusetts. He
stated that General Jackson, then President, had
no righ t to declare a blockade of the port of Charles-
ton, for that right belonged exclusively to the
Congress of the United States. He declared that
the President could only act in accordance with
the law, and that any act by him of that charac-
ter would be a usurpation of power, and in dero-
gation of the Constitution of the United States.
Article one, section nine, clause five, of the Con-
stitution , declares that no preference shall be given
to the ports of one State over those of another;
yet the President of the United States, of his own
motion, and without authority of law, shuts up
ports still claimed to be within the Union, accord-
ing to the theory of the Republican party and of
the President himself.
And this proclamation was made by the Presi-
dent with a full knowledge, upon his part, that
the Congress of the United States had, at its last
session, expresely refused to pass a bill conferring
upon him the power to blockade southern ports*
and collect the revenue outside of the ports. This
blockade has been extended to our interior com-
merce and trade; and to-day,sir,the ports ofloyal
States are closed. My own State furnishes a
striking example. Her ports are to-day closed;
and her principal railroad virtually under the con-
trol and management of the Federal Government.
The Constitution confers upon Congress alone the
power u to regulate commerce among the several
States."
The President of the United States lias also
violated the Constitution by his orders of the 27th
of April and 10th of May, authorizing the Com-
manding General to suspend the writ of habeas
cormis.
The power to do that act is given to Congress
in the ninth section of the Constitution. It is
amongst the powers enumerated asconfcri cd upon
Congress and Congress alone; and yet the Presi-
dent, by his orders, has conferred upon the Lieu-
tenant General the right to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus, that great bulwark of the liberties
of the people. I believe that it has only twice
before been suspended in this country. It is a
right which the British Gtueen does not possess,
nor would she dare attempt to exercise it; for, sir,
it would revolutionize England. I believe that
the writ of habeas corpus has not been suspended
in England for two centuries.
And, besides all this, we have martial law in
existence. Martial law is the will of the officer of
the Army in command. There has been a sus-
pension of the civil authority heretofore unknown
to our theory of government. There is no war-
rant for it to be found in the Constitution. It is
not recognized by any law, nor has it ever before
been recognized. We find that now martial law
is declared; and upon the mere order of a com-
manding general, citizens are incarcerated in jail,
and deprived of trial in the courts. The great
writ of habeas corpus is denied to them. The Pres-
ident says that the denial of that writ has been
sparingly exercised. "VVe ought to be obliged to
his Excellency that his violations of the Consti-
tution, and denial of the rights of the people, have
not gone to the furthest extent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky tell this House where martial law has
been proclaimed in this countiy? Let him name
a single instance.
Mr. BURNETT. I said martial law existed.
I repeat it. It is in full force to-day from this city
to the city of Philadelphia. It exists to-day in
Maryland and Missouri; and under it acts are
done by subordinate military commanders that
would revolutionize the most despotic Govern-
ment in Europe.
Sir, I have not the time to go into a history of
particular cases; but I could mention scores and
hundreds of cases in which the most sacred rights
of the citizen have been violated. Men are now
arrested in Maryland, and they have been in other
portions of the country, upon warrants issued by
the Secretary of State alone, and confined in the
jail of the District of Columbia. They have not
been able to be reached by a writ of habeas corpus;
and after they have been kept there for weeks, they
have been dismissed without a statement of the
charge against them. What sort of law do you
call that? The President of the United States, in
his refusal to recognize the authority of the Su-
preme Court, when acting through its Chief Jus-
tice, in the issuance of a writ of habeas corpus,
demanding the body of a citizen of Maryland,
usurped for the time being the powers of the ju-
diciary of this country. By that act he violated
the Constitution of the country, and his oath to
maintain, defend, and support that instrument.
By his proclamation of the 3d of May, calling into
the service of the United States forty-two thousand
volunteers for three and five years, by his increase
of the regular Army twenty-two thousand seven
hundred and fourteen men, and adding to the Navy
eighteen thousand seamen, he notonly violated the
plain letter of the Constitution m article one, eighth
section, and twelfth clause, but usurped the powers
of the legislative department of this Government.
He took it upon himself to exercise powers that
have, by the Constitution of the country, been in-
trusted alone to the legislative arm of the Govern-
ment. Congress alone shall raise and support
armies. Congress alone shall declare war. Con-
gress alone may create and maintain a navy. Yet,
sir, the President of the United States, when these
very powers had been denied to him at the last
session of Congress, without any authority of law
or any pretense of such authority, usurped the
powers of the legislative arm of the Government,
and took upon himself not only to make war, but
to raise and support armies, and create and main-
tain a navy. And, sir, I am called upon as one
of the people's Representatives to ratify and in-
dorse that act. My conscience may not be very
tender, but I am one of the Representatives of the
people who will not do it.
The President has also violated that clause of
the Constitution of the United States which says
that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
of the United States, except in consequence of ap-
propriations by law. He has taken appropria-
tions made by Congress for one purpose and ap-
plied them to another, in violation of law; and we
are called upon to support that act of his which
was subversive of the plainest principles, and of
the very letter of the Constitution, which he, and
you, and I, have taken an oath to support.
The Federal Constitution was originally framed
without any bill of rights; but, sir, the people,
jealous of power—our fathers, knowing the lust
and love of power—had certain amendments put
to that Constitution, in the nature of a bill of
rights. The President of the United States has,
since the adjournment of the last Congress, and
prior to the commencement of the present session,
violated the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and
sixth amendments to the Constitution.
By the first amendment to that instrument, it is
provided that Congress shall make no law abridg-
ing the freedom of speech or of the press, or the
right of the people peaceably to assemble and pe-
tition the Government for a redress of grievances;
yet, sir, the President of the United States has,
by his orders, limited the freedom of speech and
of the press. Sir, a reign of terror exists to-day.
Even in this city men dare not speak the honest
sentiments of their hearts in regard to the acts of
the Administration. Men have L/een arrested all
over this country without process of law, upon
no other charge than that they had uttered sedi-
tious language. Where is your authority to arrest
a man for the utterance of seditious language ? Is
anything said of it in the Constitution of the
United States? Is there any law upon the statute-
book that authorizes thcseunconstitutional usurp-
ations by the Executive of the country? Sir, a
warrant was issued a few days ago by a military
commander, backed by four hundred soldiers,
who surrounded one of the printing presses of
this country, and removed the types and stopped
the issuing of that paper. Why ? Because, as was
said, it contained libels upon the soldiery of the
United States!
The President has likewise violated the second
amendment, which secures to the people the right
to keep and bear arms. That right has been in-
fringed. Arms, the private property of citizens,
have, upon mere suspicion, been taken at the
order of military commanders, and arc now with-
