1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15.1
held from the citizens, whose property they are,
and whose rights have thus been violated.
A Member. Where?  
Mr. BURNETT. In my own State, in my
own district, upon the soil of Kentucky, whose
people have been loyal to this Government, and
have done no act in derogation of their fealty to
it. Yet tjie property of her citizens has been
seized by military commanders, and is held to-
day in violation of that clause of the Constitution
which secures to the people the right to keep and
bear arms.
The President has violated the third amend ment
to the Constitution, that no soldier shall in time
of peace be quartered in any house without the
consent of the owner, nor in time of war but in
the manner prescribed by law. Repeatedly have
soldiers been quartered in the houses of private
citizens during war, without any authority of law,
but upon the mere order of those who are con-
trolling the movements of the Government.
He has violated the fourth article of thatamend-
ment to the Constitution, which is, that ttic right
of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and effects, against unreasonable search
and seizure, shall not be violated; and that no war-
rant shall issue bat upon probable cause, Sup-
ported by oath or affirmation, particularly describ-
ing the place to be searched, and the person or
thing to be seized. That right has been violated.
The private property of citizens that had been
accumulating for two years has, upon the mere
order of the Executive of the United States, been
seized; the right of the people to that property
has been violated; and that, too, has been done
by the highest officer known to our Government,
without any authority of law, and in direct con-
flict with this pluin provision of the Constitution.
The President of the United States has done that
—shall I say it?—yes, sir, I do say it, lie has
exorcised powers that would have deprived any
despot in burope of his crown if he had dared to
do it. He has invaded this holy and sacred right
of the citizen.
The amendment to the Constitution also de-
clares that no person shall be held for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime—the highest crimes
known to your law—exceptupon theprcsentmcnt
and indictment of a grand jury; and yet, sir, cit-
izens are now deprived of their liberty, incarcer-
ated in your fortresses and jails, and deprived
even of the right of a preliminary examination,
upon the mere order of the President of the United
States.
No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law. That is
another of the rights locked up in the Constitution
secured to us by our fathers; and yet the Presi-
dent of the United States has violated that right;
and the plea upon which a justification is sought
is that of necessity. 1 had thought that no neces-
sity would justify a violation of the Constitution.
I had thought thai our fathers had in their wis-
dom pro\ ided for times of war as well as for times
of peace. As has been well remarked, if it was
necessary to ex«'iciso these high powers, then the
President of the United States could have called
Congress together, and asked that the powers
should be conferred upon him, and that laws be
made providing for the cases in which lie has
acted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, each one of the acts which
I have enumerated and to which I have called the
attention of the country we aie colled upon here
in our legislative capacity to ratify and indorse.
No man upon this floor or at the other end of the
Capitol will stand up and defend these unconsti-
tutional acts and jrross usurpations of power by
the President. We are called upon not only to
do that, but to take the results and consequences
which have followed upon those acts, and to
ratify and indorse all those acts without even
daring to enter our protest against them. What
is the n-sult of all those acts ? Millions and mil-
lions of public property have been destroyed by
the orders of military and naval officers. A na-
tional debt, which I venture to predict will run up
as high as $700,000,000—that is my calculation—
before the close of this session of Congress, has
been incurred. You have a standing Army of
fifty thousand men. Your Navy has been in-
creased by the addition of a large number of war
vessels and eighteen thousand seamen. Pai don me
if 1 enlarge the picture drawn by my friend from :
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright] in his remarks made
a few days since as to the present condition of the
country. He told us that the shipping was now
lying at your ports with sails furled; that your
storehouses were closed; that trade was stagnant,
the finances of the country deranged, and the cry of
" bread"extendingall over the country. Prose-
cute this war and you will raise the public debt of
the country to $700,000,000; and that will not be
all. The half is not yet told. The great iron inter-
est of Pennsylvania will cease to exist; her forges
and furnaces will be no longer in blast; she will
no longer have a market for her great staple, iron.
New York is suffering to-day; every other house
in Broadway bears the ominous letters "To
Let." The great commercial metropolis of the
country sees her business destroyed. Boston,
withallhergreatmterestsjisin the samccondition.
Go to the rural districts of the country, and you
will observe the prostration of all their material
interests. And yet we are but on the threshold
of war. Prosecute it for six months longer; sac-
rifice one hundred thousand men and hundreds of
millions in treasure; place a blockade, not only on
your foreign trade, but on your interior trade; and
then calculate the result. Go to the Northwest, and
see what is its condition. You will find its grana-
ries full, its bacon and corn and pork without a
market, its horses, cattle, and mules, in the hands
of the farmers. In my country the same condi-
tion of things exists. There is no market for our
produce. Our people arc actually unable to sell
enough to provide the necessaries of life which
they do not themselves produce. Carry on the
war six months longer, and you will not only
have bankrupted the Treasury,exhausted all the
resources of the Government, and depleted the
pockets of the people, but you will have starva-
tion stalking through the land in its thickly-spt-
tlcd and populous portions. The chariot wheels
of this war, which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. IIickman] spoke about the otherday,
will have made prints so deep, not only on the
soil of tho South, but on the trade and business
interests of the North, that centui ies will not ef-
face that track. That is to be the result of this
war. I wain gentlemen now to remember it. I
tell you there is a public sentiment in the North
which is but sleeping now. Mark the prediction.
Within six months of this time that public sen-
timent will be aroused, and will demand to know
the reason why all these things arc done. If you
do subpigate these southern States, and carry out
to the fullest extent your idea of reducing them
into subjection, tell me, will you not, when you
have accomplished it all, have to settle this ques-
tion by negotiation? Then, in the name of God,
in the name of the country, m the name of civil-
ization, I ask, why not settle it before you resort
to the honors of civil war?
What are the ob jects of the war? Are they to
maintain the Constitution and the Union? No,
sir; that Constitution has already been discarded,
set aside, suspended in its operation, trodden
under foot. Thn war is to maintain the Union,
but an unconstitutional Union. It is to maintain
a Union wherein State lines are to be obliterated,
State sovereignty destroyed,and the Federal Gov-
ernment converted into a great military despot-
ism,in which the authorities of the central power
are to control the destinies of the enure people.
Sir, the Piesidentof the United Sutrs admits
in effect,in his message, that he has exercised not
only executive power, but legislative and judicial
power. What does the exermse of all these pow-
ers makp him who exercises them? A despot—
nothing more or less.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said of the ob-
jects of this war. Let me show you what are the
objects of the war. I have asked the question,
whether it was to maintain the Constitution and
the Union? A Senator ftom Oregon [Mr. Baker]
said the other day, in the other wing of the Cap-
itol:
i! f approve, as a personal and political friend of the Pres-
ident, of every inea-ine of his admimstKition in relation to
the rebellion at present ra^imr in this eomitty. 1 propose
to ratify whatever need;? i itilitMticm. I piopo&e to render
my clear and di-Uinet appio\ a! not only ot the measure, but
of the motive which piumpted it. I propose to lend the
whole power of the eounti y, aim*, men. mono}, and place
them iii liand^,Willi uuthouty almost unlimited, until the
conciii-ion of tin.-- -~t! usrgio. IU- has a iked lor $100,000,000.
We pmpoM} to give liiiii $-j:)J,00.),000. Hollas a^ked lor
four hundred thousand men. "VVe piopuMj to gjve him hall'
a million ; and foi my pait, if, aa 1 do not apptehend, tho ;
emergency should be still greater, I will cheerfully add a
cipher to either of these figures.
" But, sir, while I do that, 1 desire, by my word and my
vote, to have it clearly understood that 1 do that as a meas-
ure of war. As I had occasion to say, in a very early dis-
cussion of this question, I want sudden, bold, forward, de-
termined war; and I do not think anybody can conduct®
war of that kind aa well as a dictator."
By the bills which have passed the House, yoti
confer on the President of the United States an
unlimited power over the Army and Navy, the
only restriction on that power being his discre-
tion. The distinguished Senator whom'I have
quoted tells us he wants a dictator. That is the
object of these measures, is it? Does the Senator
stop there? No; after going on to show that we
have added to the permanent expenditure of the
Government $70,000,000 annually by the increase
of the Army and Navy, he says:
" I hope to be among the last of all men willing to fay
down arms at all. 1 will never vote to do it till, without
treaty, the flag of the United States waves over every por-
tion of its territory, and over a population either enthu-
siastically rallying beneath its shadow, or else abjcctly
subject to its sway. Till then, give the President a mil-
lion men; till then, give him, not only the whole revenue
of the Government, but the whole property of the people.
l)o not refuse a single regiment; do not fail a single sail;
do not abate a single jot of all your embattled vigor, till
that hour shall come."
These are the objects of the war, are they?
The other day I saw a notice of a speech made
in Boston on the 4th of July, in which a speaker
boasted that a Massachusetts general was then
giving laws to Maryland in the commercial em-
porium of that State. These are to be the fruits
and consequences of war commenced on thisgrand
and gigantic scale. I enter my protest against it.
The Governors of Illinois and Massachusetts con-
trol those States. Some of you gentlemen who
know mc a long while, will give me credit for
being a frank man, and that 1 mean what I say.
I want now to ask you this question: Do you
believe, gentlemen, that you can settle this ques-
tion by a resort to arms, without the subjugation
of those States? If you do, you must not under-
stand the condition of those States. In western
Virginia the people, you say, are loyal to the Fed-
eral Government—the great majority of them. In
eastern Tennessee a bare majority of the people
are loyal. But m the other States of the confed-
eracy, the people arc united, and are acting to-
gether; and I tell you, to-day, that if you go to the
Gulf States you will find as much enthusiasm
there, as much determination, and as much pur-
pose, as you will find on your side of the line.
This war is a war of subjugation. You cannot
disguise that fact from the people of the country.
They understand it: and I tell you here to-day—
and time will verify my words—that you cannot
subjugate those States. Ten million of people,
enjoying the blessings of civilization, brave and
gallant, have never yet been conquered or subju-
gated. There is no instance in history of such
a thing. It cannot be done.
Who is conducting and controlling this war?
If you intend to carry it on, let me appeal to Con-
gress to-day, to regulate and control it? Do not
leave it to the President, as you have done by your
bills and acts here. Not only is this immense
debt to be incurred, but if you look to the recom-
mendations made by your Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury, you will find that every system of taxation
knuwn to the laws is to be resorted to. Notonly
are the ordinary ways of raising revenue to be
resorted to, but direct taxation is recommended
m the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Besides that, taxes are recommended on sugar
and coffee and tea, which taxes were expressly
refused at the last session of Congress, and which
must operate most hardly on that class of citizens
who constitute the great body of consumers, and
who are least able to pay taxes.
These are the fruits of this war. Now, sir,
permit me to say, in conclusion, that I am there-
fore for peace. I have been for peace from the
commencement of this unfortunate struggle till
the present moment. On all occasions I have ad-
vocated a peaceful solution of these difficulties.
Gentlemen have spoken of the sentiment of Ken-
tucky. My competitor for Congress, who is an
able man, and who was my personal friend during
the canvass, never ma€e an issue with me as to
the position of Kentucky in this war. If he had
announced upon the stump that ifelected he would
vote men and money for carrying on this war, or
that he was for any other settlement of this con-
