1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
treason against human hope must be crushcd;"
"the Union must be preserved!"
The gentleman misunderstood the spirit of the
times. There never was a day or hour when the
people intended to submit to the overthrow of the
Union. Their moderation and forbearance be-
came the great occasion; and in it I see the evi-
dence of an unwavering purpose, the anchor of
enduring hope. If in this emergency the Admin-
istration had hesitated, the storm of public indig-
nation, irresistible as a sand storm on the Lybian
desert, would have swept it away. If question-
able powers have been assumed, it was at the
demand of public opinion. The overwhelming
necessity, the safety of the capital, the safety of
the public hongr, the safety of the Union, and
more than all, the safety of the public liberty, may
• he urged at least in extenuation. For it is an
ancient maxim, older than the Constitution, that
" the safety of the people is the supreme law."
I agree with the gentleman that the measures
of compromise submitted by the venerable states-
man of Kentucky ought to have been adopted,
not because their adoption would have restored
to the Union the seceded States, but in deference
to the wisdom and experience of that great states-
man, a living type of the better and purer days
of the Republic; in deference, too, to the wishes
of the loyal States of the bolder; and, above all,
to illustrate the conservative wisdom and forbear-
ance of the people, their devotion to the Union,
and their anxiety to save it without the effusion
of blood. But I am confident that no compromise
would have availed. South Carolina, Florida,
and Mississippi, declared the separation to be
eternal. It was not an apprehension of encroach-
ment on their constitutional rights that induced
secession; for from the very beginning of this
Administration, the Opposition would have con-
trolled every measure of its policy. No, sir; the
triumph of the Republican party was not the
cause, but the pretense and the occasion for dis-
solving the Union.
Thus, by the intemperate ambition of the lead-
ers of public opinion in the South, war became
inevitable; for upon the part of the secession
loaders it is war—war with all its violence and
hatred and malignityand bitterness. What,then,
sir, on the part of "the loyal men of the nation,
is the object of the war? The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] has just asked the ques-
tion. Why did he answer it, sir, by pioducing
the speeches of men who represent but a mere
faction of the North? Why did he not answer
it, sir, by the expressions of men who are repre-
sentatives of the opinions of the millions of the
North? Why quote from northern fanaticism,
which, with southern fanaticism, has involved
us in these misfortunes5
What is the object of the tear? It is not ven-
geance; for, in the midst of these vast preparations,
the public indignation at the wanton wickcdness
of this attempt to overthrow the Constitution is
softened by shame and sorrow, and the very bit-
terness of gi ief. It is not for the purpose of con-
quest or subjugation; not to enlarge the powers of
the Government, or increase its territorial limits;
not to establish the supremacy of the one section
of the Union, or to diminish the social orpolitical
rights of the other. Hut i say, sir, here in my
place, in the presence of the Representatives of the
people, on the authority of a well-defined public
opinion, that the sole and only purpose of the
people of the United States in this appeal to aims
IS TO MAINTAIN1" THE UNION HKDMR Till: COMPACTS
AND SAFEGUARDS OF THE CONSTITUTION. The
popular instincts are not to be deceived. Butfor
this lugh purpose, not a farmer would have left his
field* tu* a mechanic jus shop; not a sword would
have been withdrawn from iisscahbard. JNotonly
has th is single purpose.summoned your Army into
the fit Id, but if it were possible that any other pur-
pose should he developed—as the invasion of any
constitutional right, or the usurpation of political
power—your Army would either, with irresistible
fury, hew down the new enemies of the Consti-
tution, or, overwhelmed with grief, abandon the
tented field in despair. I toil you, sir, that the
men who ha\ e abandon* d their homr-s and braved
the hardships and perils of the field to maintain
the Constitution, will not on any pretense, how-
ever specious, consent that the lese-ived lights of
any Stale, ot the constitutional rights of any loyal
citizen of America, shall be invaded; for, in purity
of purpose, unselfishness of patriotism, intelli-
gence, and cultivation—numbers considered—the
Army of the Republic may challenge the history
of the world for a parallel. They have taken up
arms to defend the Constitution as their fathers
made it, as the only ark of safety for their own
liberties and the liberties of their children; and,
with their blood, they will defend it against the
naked sword or the secret and stealthy encroach-
ments of the usurper.
I cannot as yet doubt, sir, that the purposes of
the Government are in harmony with those of the
people, and that the Government and the people,
one and the same, inspired by the same lofty pur-
pose, will join in the same rallying cry, "the
Union, as established by the Constitution, must
be preserved."
lo maintain, then, the authority of their Gov-
ernment, the Constitution as itis, theUnion in its
integrity, the reserved rights of every State, and
the constitutional rights of every loyal citizen of
every State, is the purpose, and the only purpose,
which has called more than a quarterof amillion
of freemen into the field.
The fortitude and self-denial of the American
people in this effort to sustain their Government
is almost without a parallel. The sacrifices of
life and fortune of the men who established the
Government, were not greater than the present
generation are willing to make to sustain it. If
the hope of the enduring benefits of a Union of
the States inspired the heroism of the one, a full
knowledge of its blessings and of the misfortunes
which must result from its destruction animates
the patriotism and nerves the fortitude of the other.
A generation unaccustomed to arms, and in the
enjoyment of unexampled blessings of peace,
trampling on every selfish consideration, is almost
in a moment transformed into a nation of soldiers;
peaceful citics and towns and villages and the
scenes of rural life, unused to even the tones of
martial music, except in celebrating the achieve-
ment of a past generation, became the camps of
gathering armies. The hereditary feuds of party,
bitter as they may have been, arc silenced, and
the landmarks of political opinion, apparently
indelible in the growth of more than half a cen-
tury, are, at least for the moment, swept away.
One sentiment animates every bosom: "TheUnion
must be preserved."
No people have ever so clearly compiehended
the necessity of an appeal to arms. The whole
people undeistand the origin andimmediate cause
of our misfortunes. The unbridled ambition of
a few men, unfortunately too great in the confi-
dence of the South, indulging in the delusive hope
of a great southern empire, and, by new com-
mercial relations, making the cities of Charleston
and Savannah and New Orleans the commercial
rivals of New York and Phihdelphiaand Boston,
suggested the policy of a southern confederacy;
and the leading statesmen, whose power was to
be inei eased, seizing upon the intemperate opin-
ions of a few fanatical men of the North on the
question of slavery, inspired the southern mind
with the belief that the North meditated an assault
on the domestic policy of the South and an inva-
sion of their constitutional rights, and thus en-
snared the southern people into the whirlpool of
revolution, and moused such a storm of public
ra^e as might only be satiated by overturning a
Union which they themselves, and their fathers,
for more than three generations, had believed to
be the very palladium of their safety.
That the new movement should assume a strong
tendency to consolidated government and sym-
pathy with Euiopean Powers is but natural. Ig-
noring the people and giving supremacy to vio-
lence'and force, basing the government on the
sovereignty of the States instead of the sover-
eignty of the people, and eagerly coin ting alliance
with Euiopean Powers, its tendencies arc mani-
fest and apparent; so that the contest 111 which we
aie engug-'d not only involves the integrity and
honor of the Repubhe, but the old issue, whether
the position so ardently supported by every friend
of liberty shall i)e abandoned—that the monarch-
ies of Europe shall not be peimitted to interfere
in controlling the political affairs of America.
To recognize secession or acquiesce m the right
of peaceful revolution is an end of the Govern-
ment, destroying the foundation of public faith on
which it rests. What State would aid 111 the con-
struction of forts and arsenals, or other works of
national necessity,within the limits of other Stateg,"
with the right of secession or acquiescence in rev-,
olution the established policy of the Government?
To maintain the Union by an appeal to arms, or
submit to total national ruin, is the only alterna-
tive. Could a brave and free people, controlled,
by sentiments of justice and honor, hesitate in their
choice? The one line of policy, even if success
did not equal the justice of" the cause, would vin-
dicate the honor of States loyal to the Union, and
stand upon the record of history as a solemn pro-
test of the nation against the right of one of its
parts to destroy its integrity. The other could
only be attended by unmixed dishonor and mis-
fortune.
Therefore, every consideration of honor, ofjus-
tice, and of self-preservation, compels this appeal
to arms. In my judgment an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of the free States, would not
only have defended the constitutional rights of
the South while in the Union, but would have
made sacrifice upon sacrifice, even of opinion, to
preserve the old fraternal relations and save us
from the horrors of civil war, but secession has
left us no alternative. It has appealed to the sword • 
and bitter as may be our grief, dark and gloomy
as may be the future, we cannot escape the issue.
The sword must decide the contest. A generation,
twelve months ago the most happy and peaceful
and prosperous that the world has ever seen, may
be sacrificed by the mad ambition of the hour.
But if public liberty shall be upheld, the sacrifices
of this generation, its shame and sorrow and tears,
may redound to the stability and enduring honor
of the Republic. As generations of the past have
been, so ours may be sacrificed for the happiness
and prosperity of the future.
But, sir, I cannot suppress my astonishment
that a Representative of any part of the peopleof
the Great West, whose interests are so indisso-
lubly united with the free navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river, should doubt the overwhelming
necessity of maintaining the Union at every haz-
ard. So far as material interests are concerned,
no States have so direct an interest in the perma-
nency of the Union as the States of Kentucky,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Missouri. To
them the great waters that empty into the Gulf
of Mexico are the life-blood—the sources of prog-
ress, of prosperity, and of power. Cut off theu*
direct trade with the islands of the Gulf, the West
Indies, and the coast of Mexico and South Amer-
ica, and confine it by tedious inland transporta-
tion to the commercial marts of the Atlantic
coast, and the prosperity of that most fertile re-
gion, considered in extent, upon the face of the
globe, must languish, and the promise of its un-
exampled grandeur, involved in the perpetuation
of the Union, must forever fail.
Recognize the southern confederacy, and you
place the navigation of the Mississippi, and with
it the prosperity of the whole West, at the mercy
of a foreign government. It may be said that
mutual interests will produce treaties of mutual
advantage. But, sir, can the people of the West
consent that the source of their prosperity shall
be held by so frail" a tenure? Will they ask a for-
eign government to grant them by treaty that
which is their inalienable right, a gift of nature,
secured by the treasure and courage of their fathers,
and aheady guarantied to them by solemn com-
pacts ? Can they now chaffer with a foreign gov-
ernment for treaties to maintain these rights? If
they would, sir, they would not have the courage
to vindicate those treaties if broken. No, sir; a
ri^ht existing in nature, sustained by every con-
sideration of justice, and sanctioned by national
compacts, cannot be the further subject of treaty.
It is a right which the brave men of the West,
following the example of their fathers, will hold,
if it must be, by the tenure of the sword, and not
by the arts of diplomacy. They will not pay one
cunt for the right to navigate the Mississippi river
or any of its tributaries. If the South persists ill
the obstruction of this right, as she must do if she
would maintain her sepaiate nationality, the uni-
versal sentiment will be, " millions for war, but
not one cent for tribute." If the Government
shall hesitate in the vindication of this light, the
people will vindicate it for themselves, and will
never desist until the great river of the West, from
its springs to the Gulf, shall be as free to their
commeice as the ocean is to the commerce of the
world.
