154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
So far, then3 as the Great West is concerned,
there can be'but one sentiment—4here can be no
comiyromise at the expense of the Union; there can
be no settlement of pending difficulties except on
the basis of the Constitution and the union of the
States. The constitutional rights of no loyal cit-
izen are to be impaired. The domestic and social
policy of no State is to be invaded. The consti-
tutional powers of the General Government are
to be sustained, not to be enlarged. It is war for
the Union, arid not for the subjugation of States.
As a Democrat, and a citizen of the dominant
section, I would hail with joy any proposition for
compromise and peace coming from the peopleof
the States the wild ambition of whose leaders
has plunged the nation into the horrors of civil
war, find for the time crushed the Union senti-
ment of the South. I would insist that the Gov-
ernment should meet such propositions, springing
from a returning sense of patriotism and honor,
in a spirit of magnanimity, of conciliation, and
kindness. I would only demand, sir, that the
raisguided people of the South should submit,
not to the supremacy of the North, or to the
force of military power, or to new forms of gov-
ernment, but to the majesty of the Constitution—
the Constitution as it was made by their and our
fathers; and until that auspicious hourshall conic,
sir, the Army of the Union, following the flag of
the Republic whereveritshall be unfurled, cannot
with honor return their swords to their scabbards
or turn their thoughts upon the sweet blessings
of peace.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. I move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view to close debate on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McCler.vand reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had, according to order, the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No, 3G, to incrca.se the efficiency of
the volunteer forces of the United States, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
rulen be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and before that question is put, 1 move
that debate be clotsed on the bill now pending in
committee, m one minute after its consideration
shall be resumed.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into commit fee was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McCmcrnand in the chair.)
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of House
bill No. 36, to increase the efficiency of the vol-
unteer foiccs of the United States.
Mr. BLAIU, of Missouri. In line twelve I
move to insert 44 nor less than sixty-four;" so that
the section will road:
Each regiment of" infantry to consist of not titan
two nor mote than three battalion^, as the exigencies of Uic
public M'lvieo may, in the opinion of the President of the
united St,ties, demand ; eai li battalion to coiim-i of ci^lil
companies;; each company to cori>iht of one captain, one
first ami one second lieutenant, one lirn sergeant, fom m i-
geants, eight corporals, two-mu^ieian^, and a^ many pil-
vattN, not exceeding eighty two norle^s than «ixty-(oui,a.,
the President of the United State* inav, aeeoidinij to the
requirements of the militniy mm vice, direct.
Then the law will fix the maximum and min-
imum number of men in a company. Unless the
amendment is adopted, we may have a regiment
all office] 6 and without men.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In that part of the
bill providing for the new regiments of cavalry, I
move that it shall be so amended as to proude
that a company shall not exceed seventy-two
men nor be less than sixty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that that
part of the bill m reference to artillery companies
shall be so amended as to provide that they shall
not exceed one hundred and twenty-two men nor
be less than one hundred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out these words:
" Encli regiment of infantry to consist of notle^s than two
no) more, than three battalion?. as> tiiu exigencies of the pub-
lic M-rvieo may, in the opinion of tiie President of the (Jnj- j
tud Stales, demand." |
Mr. Chairman, I am not a military man by edu-
cation, nor have I had any actual experience in
military affairs. It has been my purpose through-
out life, however, from reading history and from
observation, to gather whatever I could upon the
subject. As I understand this, it proposes a radi-
cal change in the organization of the United States
Army. It proposes a very large increase in the
number of men in a regiment. It provides that
it is to consist of not less than two nor more than
three battalions, making a minimum of over three
thousand men to a regiment, according to my
hasty estimate.
A Member. Twenty-four hundred only.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is according
to the French system, I presume. In the French
army it has been found to work well in actual
scrvice. France is a nation of soldiers. War has
been her occupation for many centuries. There
is no country where military science has been
brought to greater perfection. There these large
bodies of men may have been moved with great
facility and efficiency; but it seems to me, in a
country like ours, so accustomed to the arts of
peace, that with inexperienced officers and raw
men, the smaller the separate divisions of troops
the greater is the efficiency, the gieater the readi-
ness with which discipline can be introduced, and
the greater the ease with which these bodies can
be moved "upon the field. After we have followed
the English system of ten companies in a regiment
from the beginning of the Government, it seems
to me that so radical and fundamental a change as
this ought not to bo hastily and unadvisedly at-
tempted. It is true that the bill follows the gen-
eral order to which reference has been made; but
was that order issued after mature reflection and
upon the advice of Army officers? lias it been
indorsed by the Lieutenant General? I know
nothing in General Cameron, who occupies about
the saint; position and has had about the same
opportunities of military knowledge as myself,
which would require or justify this House in
adopting hastily a change so gieatas is proposed
by his order, and which it is now proposed to
sanction by this bill. I have moved the amend-
ment for tfie ourpose of calling attention to the
facts which I have .submitted; and unless some
gentleman desires to comment upon what I have
suited, I will a^k to withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Seveial amendments were then adopted to cor-
rect clerical mistakes in the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to add to
the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no compensation shall he allowed to any
ofliceis who have heretoioie been appointed without wai-
Kint of law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think that amend-
ment is entirely unnecessary,
Mr. VALLA NDIGH AM. My purpose is to
date the compensation from the pnssage of this
act. If it would be possible tocontio! the action
of the Pi evident, I think the House would do
well to add a further proviso that there shall be a
reappointment m pursuance of this act. There
are, unquestionably, of those who have received
appointments under the general order of the War
Depai t ment, some who ai e the most competent in
the service of the United States, and some of the
fittest, to be drawn from civil life. On the other
hand, thoienre not a few who have been appointed
evidently without sufficient information and con-
sideration, and who will probably never enter into
actual service; and yet who, 1 fear, have been
diawing or may draw money from the Treasury
trom the date of the order of their appointment
up to the time that necessity shall compel them
to relinqni&h all attempt at service. It is for this
reason I ha\e moved the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Mi Hsouri. I oppose the amend-
nipnt.
The question was taken; nnrl the amendment
was lejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Piovitled, That tlioeommr-<=ionr<] officers hclnw the giade
of colonel, piovuli'd for by this bill, and which by its terms
arc to he taken fioni civil hie, ~i;;\lI he apportioned as near
a^ innj be among llie States now H'puibOiited ill Congress,
in propoiuon to Mieh lepresentation.
Mr. Chairman, the object of that amendment is
to secure as nearly as may be a just and lair dis- I
tribution r>f these officers among the different
States. 1 think it will commend itself to the jus-
tice of the members of this House.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, haying taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore,Mr. McClernandreported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 34) to increase the
efficiency of the volunteer forces of the United
States, and had directed him to report the same
to the House with sundry amendments, and with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union were sever-
ally agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIH, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the'
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLEN, (at twenty
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 17,. 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ale a message from the President of the United
States, communicating a copy of the correspond-
ence with (he British minister relative to an ex-
hibition of the products of industry of all nations
tfi take place at London in the course of the next
year; which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. HALE presented (he memorial of Charles
Boarnian, a captain in the United States Navy,
praying to be restored to the active service list;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TEN EYCK gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a na-
tional armory in the State of New Jersey.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 31) to
increase the medical corps of the Navy; which
was read twiee by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Alfaiis.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave to introduce a
bill of which I gave notice yesterday. I a^kihat,
it be read a first and second time by its title,
and then referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. .30) to
secure contracts, and provide for the safe, certain,
and more speedy tiansportution, by railroad, of
the mails, troops, munitions of war, military and
naval stores, bet ween the Atlantic States and those
of the Pacific, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. LATHAM. I will simply stare that I
have endeavored to embody in this bill the ptin-
cipal featuies of the measure as they were ap-
proved by both the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, and I have carefully excluded those
