X66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
curved at the very time when this property, care-
fully accumulated*during long years of peace, and
purchased by long years of taxation, was most
essential to the public safety. This disgrace and
loss could not have occurred in Rhode Island,
where our soil, though we do not boast its supe-
rior sanctity, is at least too " sacred" to bear
treason upon its bosom.
The .people around Narragansett bay have also
been, throughout their whole history, addicted to
maritime and naval pursuits. Even in the earlier
colonial period, they were distinguished for the
extent, the variety, and the daring of their naval
enterprises. In the war which the northern coun-
try waged successively with the Dutch, the Span-
ish, and the French, the colony of Rhode Island
sent forth naval armaments vastly disproportioned
tp her population and resources. The service
which she rendered in the protection of commerce
and in annoying that of the enemy, and in the
suppression of piracy, which flourished at that
time with unusual boldness and success, was fre-
quently acknowledged by the home Government,
and high encomiums from high quarters were
pronounced for the sic dl and boldness of her naval
operations.
The same spirit characterized the State in the
revolutionary period. The first American commo-
dore and the only American admiral were Rhode
Island men. The first squadron that went out
against the British sailed from Providence, under
the command of Admiral Hopkins. Of the eigh-
teen principal officers of the little fleet eight were
Rhode Island men. Paul Jones was a lieutenant
in the admiral's ship. The squadron sailed to .the
Bahamas, captured New Providence, and took
away many cannon and large stores of provisions
and munitions of war. On its return, it captured
two British vessels of war, thus inaugurating the
glories of the American flag on the ocean. What
the State has since done on the ocean and on the
land, I need not refer to. I do not propose t'o de-
tain the Senate with any recitals of this kind, nor
to indulge in any unseemly laudation of the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, and whose renown, we cannot suppose, is
as interesting to others as it ia to ourselves; but
I think it no more than proper to remind the Son-
ate, that if the Government shall see fit to comply
with the wishes of our General Assembly, and to
intrust its property to our keeping, it shall be de-
fended with loyal hearts and with no feeble or
inexperienced arms.
I move that the resolutions be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and bo ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE TltOM THE II0US15.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridoe, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. II. No. 30) to in-
crease the efficiency of the volunteer forces of the
United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following bills; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. 14) to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 13) to provide for the appoint-
ment of assistant paymasters in the Navy.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 36) to increase the efficiency of
the volunteer force of the United States, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PRINTING OF OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That five thousand eopic« of the proceedings
of tbH body on the occasion or' the announcement of the
death ot Stephen A.Don<jla<, a Senator of the United States,
b'> orttaied to bo printed in the u-u.il ioim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
bo referred to the Committee on Printing'.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that it be considered now.
Twenty thousand copies have been ordered by
the House. It is usual, I believe, on such occa-
sions: and I hope there will be no objection to
the resolution. I will ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider the resolution now,
without reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is tlifct the statute requires that all res-
olutions for the printing: of extra numbers must
go to the Committee on Printing, and the suspen-
sion of the law by the unanimous consent of the
Senate "would hardly be presumed, although they
$an do almost anything by unanimous consent.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Of course, if that be the
law, I will not object to its reference.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
TEMPORARY INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill (S. No. 32) to provide for the temporary in-
crease of the Navy; which was read a first time
by its title, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the bill may be read
a second time. It is a bill that has been drawn
with a view to meet the present exigencies of the
country, and is offered as a substitute for the sev-
eral bills that have been submitted in this and the
other branch of Congress, on the subject. It pro-
poses to provide for a volunteer navy, and to
authorize the Secretary of War, or the President
through him, to purchase vessels for the purpose
of putting down piracy upon the high seas. It is
a bill that meets with the approbation of the Navy
Department, and it is exceedingly desirable that
it.should be passed at the earliest moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks unanimous consent to have the bill
rend a second time. The Chair hoars no objection.
The bill was read a second time by its "title.
Mr. GRIMES. I now ask that the bill be put
on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of thcWholc, proceededto consider the bill.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Navy, for and
during the present insurrection, to hire, purchase,
or contract for such vessels as may be necessary
for the temporary increase of the United States
Navy, nnd also authorizes him to furnish any ves-
sel or vessels which may be purchased or contract-
ed for, with such ordnance, ordnance stores, and
munitions of war as may be necessary to enable
such vessel or vessels to render the most efficient
service,pursuantto the orders which may be given
to their respective commanders. The temporary
appointments which have been made, or may be
made, by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting
lieutenants, acting paymasters, acting assistant
surgeons, acting masters, and master's mates, are
ratified and confirmed as temporary acting ap-
pointments,until the return of the vessels in which
they are respectively employed, or until the sup-
pression of the present insurrection, as may be
deemed necessary, and the rate of compensation
allowed for the several grades specified, is legal-
ized and approved. For the purpose of carrying
the act into effect, and to suppress piracy, and
render more effective the closing of the porta of
the insurgents, the bill appropriates, and places
at the disposal of the Navy Department, the sum
of $3,000,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire that the bill may be
put on its passage at this time. As I have already
stated, it is a bill that has met the concurrence of
all the members of the Naval Committee, and has
been drawn at the Department. It is such a bill
as they believe to be immediately necessary to
meet the wants of the Department at this time.
Mr. KING. I would inquire whether the com-
mittee were unanimous on the subject?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I certainly dis-
like to oppose the immediate passage of the bill,
if it be necessary. It is a pretty important bill,
and appropriates a considerable amount of money;
and unless there be a pressing exigency I hope it
will he over until to-morrow, and be printed. It
is very short, and it can be printed and laid on
our tables and passed at an early hour to-morrow.
I should prefer that it should take that course un-
less there is an extreme necessity for its passage
now.
Mr. FOOT. There is a pressing nner.Rsify for
immediate action on this bill when privateers of
the confederate government arc preying and pirat-
ing upon our commercial vessels all over the seas
every day and almost every hour, and there is no
adequate means of protecting them against it at the
present time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw any objection he may
have. I received a letter yesterday on the sub-
ject 
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw any objection I
was understood to make. I did not mean to make
a formal objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read the third time, and passed.
THE NAVY RATION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 9) to alter and regulate the Navy ration.
The amendment of the House was to add, at
the end of the bill, as an additional section, the
following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be authorized to procure the preseived moats,
pickles, butter, and desiccated vegetables, in such manner,
and under such lestrictions and guarantees, as in Ins opin-
ion wall best injure the good quality of said ai tides.
The amendment was concurred in.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the House ofRcp-
rescntatives:
Jn thk House of Representatives, Jw/j/16,1861.
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (No.'l) entitled
•'An act to authorize the employment of volunteeis to aid
in enfoicmg the laws and protecting public pioperty" do
pass, with the following amendment.
Mr. WILSON. "Without reading the amend-
ment, I rise simply to express the hope that the
Senate will non-concur in it. Some very impor-
tant provisions in the bill as it passed the Sen-
ate are not incorporated in the substitute proposed
by the House. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will non-concur in the amendment,and let the bill
go back to the House; and if they do not choose
to amend it properly, they will probably call for
a committee of conference, which can settle the
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to read it.
Mr. WILSON. Is it necessary to consume the
time of the Senate in reading that amendment?
It is a substitute for our whole bill. There are a
dozen sections in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to dispense with the reading?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on non-concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see how we are to vote
on that, unless we hear the amendment read.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
CONTRACTS OF TIIE WAR DEPARTMENT.
The Se.nate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Powell on the 15th
instant:
i?eso^;e<Z,That the Secictaiy of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to infoim the Senate what contracts have been
made by in* Depai tmont since the 4th of March, 3 861, giv-
ing the name and residence of the contractors, the article,
or thing contracted foi, the place where it was to be de-
livered, the Mini paid for its performance or delivery, the
date and donation of the contract, or what military supplies
have been pm chased since that date, the pnee paid foi the
*-ame, of whom and where purchased; also, what payments
have been made to lioops called out by the proclamation of
the Pie-qdent, since the <Hh ofMaich, 18fil, from what ap-
planation* such payments have been made, ot by author-
ity of what laws the wairauts have been paid; whether
any, and what, bounties have been paid to volunteer--, as
.naitied above, for enlistment; if so, by authority of what
existing law.
The resolution was adopted.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following resolution from the House of
Representatives:
In the House of Representatives, July 15, 1861.
Rewired, (the Senate eoncuinng,) That the'.Pre«tdcnt of
the Senate and the .Speaker of the' House of Representa-
tive? be autluuized to close the present &es*sion of Congress
by adjourning th'jii respective Houses on Fiiday, the 19th
day of July instant, at twelve o'clock, noon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that he on the table.
