1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157-
Mr. WILSON. I believe we ought to fix a
longer day, or lay this resolution on the table;
and for the purpose of fixing a proper time, I.
move that it lie on the table. '
The motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate re-
sumed- the consideration of the bill (S. No. 3)
providing for the better organization of the mili-
tary establishment, the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Grimes to amend the fifth sec-
tion, by striking out the words "there shall be
added to the corps of engineer, by regular promo-
tion of its present officers, one brigadier genera],
one colonel, two lieut'enant colonels, and two
majors, provided," and to strike out " said,"and
insert " the engineer;" so as to make the section
read:
Jind be it further enacted) That hereafter all promotions
in the engineer coips shall be by seniority, inclusive of the
highest grade, and that all vacancies created by such pro-
motions shall be filled by graduates of the Military Acad-
emy, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is permissible, according
to the rules of the Senate, I will withdraw that
amendment, in order to enable the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer what I
understand is a substitute for the whole bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate having
taken no action on the amendment, it is in order
for the Senator to withdraw it. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill, by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the amendment which I send to the Chair.
The proposed substitute was rend, as follows:
That the President .be, and ho is heieby, anthoiized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
'an officer m the War Impairment, to be called the Assist-
ant Secictury of W;u, whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum, payable in the same manner a?i that of the Seere-
taiy of Wai, who shall pei form all such duties in theolhce
of the SeeteTaiy of Wai, bclonymg to that Department, as
sliail he pieseribed by the Secretaiy of War, or as may be
required by law.
Six. y And he it further cnacted, That hereafter the Ad-
jutant Ceneial's depaitment sliail consist of the following
officcis, namely: one Adjutant General, with the lank.pav,
and emoluments of a hi i adier general; one assistant ad-
jutant genon.l, with Hie l.ink, pay, and emolument's of a
colonel of cavalry; two assistant adiutnnts geneial, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments each of a lieutenant colonel
of cavaliy; loin assistant adjutants general, with the lank,
pay, and emoluments cach of a major of cavalry; and twelve
assistant adjutants general, with the lank, pay, and emol-
uments each of a captain of cavalry; and that theie shall
be added to the Subsistence depaitment six commissaries
of subsistence, with the rank, pay, and emolument1? each
of a captain of cavahy, and to be promoted and selected
accotdin" to ousting laws and regulations.
Sue. y. jind be il further cnactcd, That there shall be
added to the Cluaiteuna^tei's departmcntfour qunrtcimas-
teis and twenty assistant quartermaster.-, to be piomoted
and selected accoi ding to existing laws and lobulations,
and as muuy mastei vvagoncis, with the rank, pay, and
allowances of sergeants of cavalry, and as many wagoneis,
with the pay and allowanccsof eoipoiaisol cavahy, as the
military service, in the judgment of the Piesident, may
rendei neccssaiy.
Sue. 1. And be it juiiher cnacted, That there shall be
added to each of the coips of cngineois and topogiaphicdl
engineer*., and to theOulnance department, thiee fiistand
tinec second lientenantsto be promoted thereto m accord-
ance with the existing laws and lemulations.
Sec. 5 jind he it Jurtkcr enacted, That there shall be
added to the coips of engineers throe companies ol engineer
soldiers, to be commanded by appropuate officer* ol said
coips, to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and "thei
allowances, and be entitled to the same benefit*-, in every
lespeef, as the company cieated by the act for the oigani-
zation of a company of sappeis and miners and ponton-
ins, approved Mav 16, Ibiy. The said tluec companies
shall be subject to the Hiles and articles of war; shall be
lecuutedin the same manner, and with the same limita-
tion ; shall be mstiucted m and peiloun the same duties,
and be liable to soive in the same way, and shall have their
vehicles, ponton*, tools nnplemcnts, arms, and other-up
lies, i emulated in the same manner as the existing engineer
company, and each oi the foureompanics ofen«rnieersol-
<heis shall heieaUei he composed of ten scigeants, ten coi-
poials, two musicians, sixty four pnvates of the first c!a«s
or artificer-, and sixu-fom private; of the second class, m
ail one bundled and liity men each.
She. 6. And be it fui liter enacted, That the Piesident be,
and he is hereby, authouzed to add to the Medical depart-
ment oi the Army such uUmbci of suigoons not evce< ding
ten, and of assistant burgeons, not exceeding twenty, as,
in Ins judgment, mav be icquiied by the wants of the sci-
viee ; the officcis so added to he appointed in the same nian-
nervarsd to ho in all ie*peets on the same footing, accord-
ing to tank, as the officcis of that corps now authouzed
by law.
See. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That there be added
to the medical staff of the Army a coip-. of medical cadets
who.-H' duty it shall be to act as dressers m thegen< lal hos-
pital* and as ambulanec attendants in jjm field, under the
diioeuon and eoutiol of the medical ofliceis alone. They
shall have the same rank and pay as the military cadets at
West Point. Their number shall be regulated by the exi-
gencies of the service, at no time to exceed fifty. Tt shall
be composed of youn£ men of liberal education, students
of medicine, between the ages of eighteen and twenty-
three, who have been reading medicine for two years, and
have attended at least one couise of lectures in a medical
college. They shall enlist for one year, and be subjdfct to
the rules and articles of war. On the fifteenth day of the last
month of their service the near approach of their discharge
shall be reported to the Surgeon General, in order, if de-
sired, that they may be relieved by another detail of appli-
cants.
Sec. 8. Jind he it further enacted, That in general or per-
manent hospitals female nurses may be substituted for sol-
diers, when, in the opinion of the Surgeon Geneial or med-
ical officer in charge, it is expedient to do so; the number
of female nuives to be indicated by the Suigeon General or
surgeon in charge of the hospital. The nurses so employed
to icceive foity cents a day and one lation in kind, oi by
commutation, in heu of all emoluments except tianspoita-
tion in kind.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further cnatted, That one chaplain shall
he allowed to each regiment of the Army, to be selected
and appointed as the President may direct: Provided, That
none but regulaily ordained ministers of some Christian
denomination shall be eligible to selection orappoiutmeut.
Sec. 10. jind be it fuitker enacted, That existing vacan-
cies at the Militaiy Academy, from congressional distiicts
where theie have been failures to make nominations ac-
cording to the piovisions of existing laws, shall be supplied
by thePresident upon the nomination of Senators from
such States as arc lepresented in the Senate: Provided,
That but two cadets shall he appointed from any one State,
and that such cadet shall be an actual residentof the State
from which he is nominated, and shall have flie qualifica-
tions for admission to the Military Academy as are now
required for appointment from congiessional districts and
at large. And no cadet who shall hereafter be repoited as
deficient, either in conduct or studies, and recommended
to be discharged liom the Academy, shall be returned or
reappointed to any place in the Army before his class shall
have left the Academy and received their commissions,
unless'upon the recommendation of the academic boaid of
the Academy. The supeiintendent of the Militaiy Academy
shall be an officer of onjjmeois, topographical engineers,
oidnanee,or aitilleiy corps, a graduate of the United States
Militaiy Academy, and distinguished tor his scientific
attainments. lie shall havethe local tank, pay, andalluw-
ances of a colonel of engineer, and be appointed by the
Piesident, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the thiee months'
extra pay allowed by the twenty-ninth section of the act
of the 5th of July, 1838, foi recnli<tments under certain
conditions, the bounty gianted by the thud section oi the
act of the 17th of June, 18.~>d,for enlistments, at remote and
distant stations, and the pi enuiuri now paid foi bnnsinjjac-
cepted rceiuits to the jendezvous, be, and they are heieby,
aboli-hed.
Src 12. Jind be it fwither cnartod, That hereafter two
dollars per month shall be icfanied out of the monthly pay
i)t cach enlisted man m the legulai Army until the expira-
tion of his teim ol service, instead of one dollar per month,
as authouzed by existing laws.
Skc. 13. And be it fuither enactcd, That the fifth sec-
tion of the act approved Septembei 26, 18">0, icquinng the
Secretai) of W,« todi^chaige tiom the Aimy all minors,
be, and the same is heieby, icpealcd.
Si:c. 11. And be it fuithcr enacted, That in ail cases of
enlistment and rconhstinent in the military service of the
United Sinter, the pre-enhedoatli of allegiance may be ad-
nnni^teied by any <. ominissioncd officer of the Anny.
Sec. 15. And be it farther enaitcl, That the two lcgi-
ments-or diagoons the regimei.t of mounted riflemen, and
the two regiments of cavalrj. shall hereafter be known and
re-ogni/.ed as the first, second, third, foiuth, and filth iegi-
menfs of eavaln , ie-pectivel> ; the oliic< - thcieof to lcttim
their pieM'iit leiutivo sank, and to be promoted a* one aim
of the semee, according to existing law and established
usage and tegulation.
Sl<'. 10 And be it further enacted, That the Army ra-
tion shall be increased as follows : twenty-two ounces of
biead or flour, or one pound of haul biead, instead of the
pi e.-ent is-ne; tic-li heel shall be issued a- often as the com
niandmg officer ol any detachment or regiment-ha! I icquiie
it, when piaetieuble, m place of salt meat; bean- and rice
shall be issued in the same ration in the piopoitions now
provided bv the 1 emulation ; and one pound ol potatoes pet
man shall he i-sued at lea-t three tunes a week, it practi-
cable; and when these aitielcscannot be issued in these pio-
pintion-, an equivalent in value shall be i-sued in some
other proper food, and a lation ot tea may be sub-united loi
a lation oi colh-e upon the icqui-nion ot Hie piopoi officer.
Sr;c. 17. Jind be it fvtlhct enacted. That llieio in.ij hi;
allowed in hospital*, to l>rt p'ovui«.dund"r such rule-. a<the
Surgeon Genci.il of the Aimv, with theappioval ol the See-
retaiyol War, may pie.-ei ibe, such ([uanyties ol Ire-li ot
preserved funis, milk or buttei, and ot egg-, aa may bj ne-
cei-.aiy lor the ptop< r ciiet of the sick.
Skc. 1^. And be it furtho eiuatcd, That there shall be
appointed by the Seeretaiyoi War, on the recommendation
of the conned of adnnm-tration and the apptovai of the
commandingoilicer, a- many sutlers as the exigencies of
the soi vice may require, not to exceed one to cach imhtary
post.
Sec. 10. And be it further enactcd, That any commis-
sioned ofheer of the Army, who shall have served a- such
foi foitv consecutive\ears, mav, upon his own application
to the President of the Cnited States, be placed upon tins
iUt of ictired officers, with the pay and emoluments allowed
by tlnJ act.
Six. d() And he it further enacted, That if any commis-
sioned oflicu of the Ai-uy s-hMl have bccoeio, or Miall
lieteaitei become, mcapublcof pei forming the duties ofhis
office, he shall, as piovided m the thud section ot this act,
be placed upon the letited U-t, and withdiawn from active
seivico and command, and horn the line of piomotion, with
the following pay and allowances namely : the pay proper
of the hi£iK\st ia k held by him at the tune of hi* retire-
ment, whether by staff or regimental commission, the ser-
vice rations to which he may then be entitled, (including
general officers who may be retired,) and the regular air
lowance, as fixed by law, for one servant, arid withoufrany
other pay or allowances; and the next officer in ranfc shall
be promoted to the place of the retired officer, according
to the established rules of the service. And the same rule
of promotion shall be applied successively to the vacancies
consequent upon the retirement of an officer: Provutcd,
That If the disability be proved to result from wounds re-
ceived in action, the pay proper of the retired officer shall
be that of his highest rank by brevet or otherwise s And
provided further, That there shall not be on the retired
list, at any one tune, more than seven per cent, of the whole
number of oiiicers of the Army, as fixed by law.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That, in order to carry
out the provisions of this act, whenever any oilicer of the
Anny who may be incapacitated, as before recited, shall
voluntarily apply to be retired from active service, or on
being ordered to perform the duties appropriate to his coin-
mission, shall report himself unable to comply with such
oider, or vvhenevei, in the judgment of the President of the
United Slates, an officer of the Army shall be in any way
incapacitated from performing the duties of his office, the
President, at his discretion, shall direct the Secretary of
War to refer the case of such officer to a board of notmore
than thirteen nor less than five commissioned otficers, to
be composed (as far as maybe) of his seniors in lineal rank,
and preferably of officers already retiped; and the determ-
ination of the board in each case shall, with a record of
its proceedings, be transmitted to the Secretary of War, to
be laid before the President, for his approval or disapproval
and oiders in the case. The board, whenever it finds an
officer incapacitated for active service, will report whether,
in its judgment, the said incapacity result from long and
faithful service, from wounds or injury received in the line
of duty, from sickness or exposure therein, or from auy
other incident of service; if so, and the Piesident approve
of such judgment, the disabled officer shall thereupon be
placed upon the list of retired officers, according to the pro-
visions of this act; if otherwise, and if the President con-
cur in opinion with the boaid, the officer shall be retired as
above, eithei with his pay proper alone, oi with his service
rations alone, at the discretion of the President; or he shall
be wholly ictued liom the service, with one year's pay and
allowances; and in this last case his name shall be thence-
foi waul omitted from the Ai my Register: Provided always,
that the membeis of the boaid shall in every case be sworn
to an honest and impartial discharge of their duties, and
that no officer of the Army shall be ictired either partially
or wholly from the soivice without having had a fair and
full hearing before the board, if, upon due summons, he
shall demand it.
Si c. 2-2. And be it,further enacted, That the officers par-
tially retned shall be entitled to wear the uniform of their
respective grades, shall continue to be borne upon the Army
Kegisiei, and shall be subject to the rules and aiticles of
wai, nitd to trial by general court-martial for any breach of
the said articles.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment, to come
in immediately after the sections that have just
been read:
And be it further enactcd, That any crfficer of the Navy
who has been forty years iu the service ot the United Suites,
mav, upon his own application to the President of the Uni-
ted States be placed upon the list of retired officers of the
Navy, and shall receive the leave-of-absence pay he was
entitled to at the tunc of such retirement.
And be it fuithcr enacted, That if any officer of the Navy
shall have become, oi shall heieafter become, incapable of
pertormmg the duties ol his office, he shall, as provided in
the seventh section of thN act, be placed upon the retired
list, and withdiawn fiom active service and command, an4
from the hue of piomotion, and the next officer in rank shall
be promoted to the place of the ictued ofheer, aecouling to
the established uiles of the service; and the same rule of
piomotion shall be applied successively to the vacancies
consequent upon the reuiemeiit of an officer: Provided,
That if the disparity be proved to result fiom wounds 10-
ceived in action, such retired officer shall receivc the sea
pay of his giade.
And be it further cnactcd, That whenever any officer of
the Navy, on being ordered to perform the duties appro-
puate to his commission, shall repoit hiinsell unable to
comply with such older; oi whenever, in the judgment of
the President ot the United States, an officer of the Navy
shall be in anv way incapacitated from performingth?- duties
of his otiice", the Piesident, at Ins ihscienou, shall direct
the Socruaiy of the Navy to refer the case of such officer
to a boaid oi not more than nine oi lc?s than five commis-
sioned others to be composed, if possible, of his senuus
in lank. Tne determination ot the boaid in each case
«hnll, with a record of it- pioceedmgs he transmitted to the
Societal*) ol the Navy, to be laid before the President for
lus appioval or disapproval and oiders in the case. The
boaid, whenevet it finds an officer incapacitated for active
service, will report whefhei. in its judgment, the incapacity
result from long and taithlul sctvice, from wounds or in-
juries leceived m the line of duly, fiom sickness or expo-
tme therein, or fiom any other incident ot the service* _ If
so,-and the President appiove of such judgment, the dis-
abh d officer shall theseupon be placed on the l^t of ictired
ofliceis, act.oiding to the p'ovisionsoi this act, with leave-
of-ab -ence pay; but if such disability or incompetency pro-
cc'ds from other causes, and the President concur in opin-
ion with the boaid, the officer maybe ictued upon fmlough
pay. oi ho shall be wholly ictired fiom the service wllh one
year's pay, at the discretion of the Pio^deM; and in this
last ease Ins name shall be wholly omitted tiom the Navy
Regi-tei. The nu nibci< of tne boaid -hall in every cafe bo
swoin to an honestaud nnpaitial dischaigo ol theii duties ;
and no officer of the Navy shall be retned, eithei partially
oi wholly, fiom the service without having had a fair and
full hearing befote the boaid, it he shall demaml it.
And 1c it further tna'-feJ, That the retned oiiieets shall
he entitled to weai the unifoun of their respective grades,
shall continue to be borne upon the Navy Register, shall bo
