1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18®
The next section makes an addition to the Quar-
termaster's department. It is asked for by Gen-
eral Meigs. He is in the possession of numerous
letteis from officers in command in the field, ask-
ing for quartermasters and assistant quartermas-
ters. He is overburdened—his department is
overbuidened; he lias been compelled to call in
assistants, without the authority of law, to aid
him; and this measure provides for the addition
of foui quartermasters, and twenty assistant quar-
termasters, to be promoted and selected according
to the existing laws and regulations. That this
is right, that the interests of the country demand
it, that the appointment of these officers, if they
be proper officers—and they arc to be taken from
the lino of the Army—will save this country hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, no man can doubt.
It is absolutely necessary that this addition should
be made to that department.
The third section piovides that there shall be
added to each of the corps of engineers and topo-
graphical engineers and the Ordnance department,
thiec first and three second lieutenants. These
thiee corps asked for an increased force; they
asked that the grade be raised; they asked that
an officer be placed over them with the rank of
brigadier general, and that the lieutenant colonels
and majors should be increased. The votes of the
Senate, the expressions of Senators all around me,
convinced me that such propositions could not
receive the sanction of the Senate, and I have
stiicken them out, and now simply propose to add
three first and three second lieutenants to each of
those corps. I do that to carry out what Sena-
tors all around me said they were willing to do—
strengthen these departments; but they wished to
do it in the inferior officers, and not to raise the
grade of the officers of these departments. 1 think
myself that their long services and their capacity
entitle them to have their grade raised, but I
abandon that, in compliance with the wishes of
the Senate.
The fifth section provides for raising three com-
panies, to be composed of one hundred and fifty
men each, to be sappers, miners, and pontoniers.
They arc men absolutely necessary; and if we
had these men at this time, properly trained, they
would be invaluable to our large and not very
well organized forces in the field. I do not see
how any Senator can oppose that addition.
The sixth section authorizes an addition to the
Medical department of the Army of ten surgeons
and twenty assistant surgeons. These surgeons
have been appointed, have been commissioned,
and all of them are, to-day, attending to their
duties. They are necessary, and have been made
necessary by present evemsjand nobody,itseems
to me, can oppose this very small addition, for it
is but little laiger than the Army asked of us at
the last session of Congiess. They then asked
fifteen, and I think pioved the necessity of having
at that time fifteen assistant surgeons.
Then, sir, the seventh section proposes to add
to the medical corps fifty young men—medical
students—to be called " dressers." The depart-
ment asked for one hundred young men, who
have studied medicinc two years, and attended a
course of medical lectures, to go into the hospitals,
with the same pay as cadets at West Point, to be
styled '' dressers." 1 think that the proposition
is an excellent one, and ought to receive tne sanc-
tion of every membpr of thia body; and that such
men, ifpioperly appointed, will be invaluable in
the actual service in which we are now engaged.
The eighth section provides, that in permanent
hospitals, female nurses may be substituted for
soldiers, under the guide and direction of the sur-
geons of those hospitals. At this time, many
female nurses are employed; and 1 was told this
morning that ncmly one hundred had been ordered
for that purpose to the diffuent hospitals this
very day. 1 think that no one can object to that,
and that the health and comfotl of our volun-
teers who are rushing into this war will be greatly
promoted by this proposed change.
The ninth section provides that one chaplain
shall he allowed to each regiment, to be selected
and appointed by the Piesident; but he must be
an ordained minister of some Christian denomi-
nation; leaving the pay precisely as it is now.
Tiie tenth section refers to the Military Acad-
emy, and upon this there may be difference of
opinion. I believeallthe Senatois admit, or nearly \
ail of them, unless it be the Senator from Ohio, ;
[Mr. Wade,] whose admiration certainly hasnot
been excited by this institution, that the existing
vacancies at the Academy should be filled. It
was proposed originally that they should be filled
by the President of the United States, andrthat
sixty-eight cadets should be added to the institu-
tion. Objection was made to increasing the pa-
tronage of the President. Now it is proposed in
this scction that these vacancies may be filled by
the President upon the recommendation of Sena-
tors. This is not permanent; it only applies to
filling the existing vacancies, and leaves the insti-
tution under existing laws. The proposition of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] in
regard to restoring dismissed cadets by the action
of the Secretary of War, has been incorporated
into this section; and I believe every one in this
body, when he offered it the other day, thought
it was a proposition that ought to be sustained,
and that the abuse ought to be corrected.
This section also contains a proviso that the
superintendent of the Military Academy shall be
an officer of engineers, topographical engineers,
ordnance, or artillery. It is in this section, in
accordance with the vote of the Senate. 1 think
it right, but I am not strenuous upon the point;
and jf it be the judgment of the Senate, or any
considerable portion of the Senate, that this shall
go out of the bii!, and the matter be left to be
settled at a coming session of Congress, I shall
not be strenuous on that point, and am willing it
shall be stricken out of the bill. I prefer, how-
ever, that it should remain in.
The eleventh section abolishes the three months'
pay for reenhstments into the Army. That pro-
vision was recommended by the late Adjutant
General of the Army, is recommended by the
present Adjutant General, and by the Secretary
of War. The piesent allowance costs thousands
of dollais to the Government annually, and it
works evil, and nothing but evil, and ought to be
repealed.
The twelfth section provides thnt two dollars a
month shall be retained, instead of one dollar, from
the soldier's pay; the object being to make every
soldier feel that he has got so much leserved in-
terest. It makes him more faithful to his corps;
and, besides all that, in reality is for his benefit
when his time is out. This provision has been
recommended over and over again by the Secie-
tanes of War, and by the Adjutant Generals, and
agreed to unanimously by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and by those who have studied the
matter most closely.
The fifth section of the act approved September
28, 1850, requiring the Secietary of War to dis-
charge from the service all minors, is repealed by
the thirteenth section-of tins amendment. This
provision has woiked evil, and its repeal has been
recommended in the same way; and the present
Secietaiy is \ciy anxious that it should be re-
pealed, for he is overburdened, and the Depart-
ment is at this time overburdened, with applica-
tions to have minors dixdmiged; and, in many
cases it is pioved that the peisons asking to be
discharged are more than twenty-five years old,
I propose to leave that matter where it ought to
be left to be settled—by the judicial tribunals.
The next section providi s that in all cases of
enlistment or reenlistment, the oath of allegiance
may be administered by a commissioned officer
of the Army. This is a proposition that will
facilitate the business and will save to the Gov-
ernment some thousands of dollars a year if they
enlist a large n umbei of men—at any rate, with the
old Army, some two thousand dollars a year.
The fifteenth section p«u-ides "that the regi-
ments of dragoons, mounted riflemen, and cav-
alry, shall all be consolidated and be one aim.
This is recommended by eminent military men,
and opposed, 1 think, by no one.
The sixteenth section piovides for thealtcia-
tion of the Army ration, meicasmg it to a small
extent—increasing the bread, not increasing the
meat, but providing 
Mr. CLARK. The same as the provision to
which we agreed the other day?
Mr. WILSON. The section is the same as
was explained to the Senate before, and 1 do not
know that anybody is opposed to the slight m-
ciease made, and especially to the object of it,
which is to obtain more vegetables and less salt
meat, especially for our volunteers. I have re-
ceived several letters from Army officers and from
officers in the volunteers, saying that it is a most
excellent provision. It originated in the commit-
tee; I think 1 may properly say, was originated
by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Baker,,] whose
experience in the field entitles his opinion to great
weight in the committee and in the Senate.
The seventeeth section provides that there may
be allowed in the hospitals fruits, mill$, butter,
and eggs. I think nobody can oppose that.
The eighteenth section provides that there shall
be appointed, by the Secretary of War, on the
recommendation of the council of administration,
and approval of the commanding officer, as many
sutlers as the exigency may require. The object
is to put in the law of the country what is in the
regulations of the Army; and it is really a restraint
upon the Secretary of War,and prevents him from
setting aside the regulation, because it makes it
law. I think it right.
The remaining sections are taken from tho bill
to create a retired list. The Secretary of War,
the Adjutant General, the Commanding General,
General Scott, all think that such a bill is abso-
lutely necessary at this time. I think any Sena-
tor who will examine the question carefully, who
does not bring to its examination preconceived
opinions and avowals on this floor, must come
to the conclusion that, so far as the Army in con-
cerned, this proposition is absolutely necessary.
The Senator from Iowa proposes to add to the
bill, as an amendment, &o much of his bill as ap-
plies to a retired list for the Navy. I will not'
resist that amendment. I should have preferred
that it had not been offered to the bill, because I
have never examined the question in regard to the
Navy. I do not, and cannot, speak authorita-
tively on that subject. I have, however, exam-
ined the question in regard to the Army; and I
say to you to-day that it is important to the coun-
try, at this time, that some forty persons in the
Army of tho United States should be retired. We
have colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors in
the Army, old men, worn out by exposure in the
service, who cannot perform their duties; men
who ought to be honorably retired, and receive
the compensation provided for m this measure.
This bill now presented as a substitute has been
examined most carefully in the AdjutantGeneral's
office, in the Secretary of War's office, and finally
was examined and revised by General Scott. Tt
received the unanimous sanction of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and 1 hope it will receive
nearly the unanimous sanction of the Senate. I
do not expect the support of the Senator from
New Hampshire; for his views have been so long
entertained, and so warmly and earnestly ex-
pressed on this floor, that I can hardly expect
that Senator to change his position at this time.
Now, sir, a single word in regard to the sections
I left out of this bill, which were adopted by the
Senate the other day, and tho leaving out of which
has subjected me to the criticism of the Senator
from New Hampshire. The provisions which I
moved the other day, as the nineteenth,twentieth,
and twenty-firstsoctionsof the bill,I believe to be
right. I sustained them a year or two ago m our
committee. I think our Military Committee were
unanimously in favor of them. I belteve they
have passed the Senate heietofore. At any rate,
I think they are right, and I am willing to put
them in this bill, so far as I am personally con-
cerned. But, sir, the officers of the Army have
possessed in time of peace what we piopose to
take from them by these sections; and, while lam
in favor of the amendment, on most careful reflec-
i tion I doubt the wisdom of adopting those sec-
tions at this moment, while we are m a war. If,
however, Senators desire that they shall be incor-
porated in this biH, I shall not resist the incorpo-
ration; but, sir, 1 know that gentlemen who would
be willing to see these provisions in the bill, if it
were a tunc of profound peace, think that their
incorporation now, when we have entered into this
contest, would be received by the officers of the
. Army with a great deal of feeling. Besides, sir,
: I am told ihat in active service the provisions con-
' tamed in the twenty-first section will work inju-
| riously.' However, if it be the wish of the Senate
! to adhere to the votes they have already given,
and to incorporate these sections in the bill, 1 shall
be content, I thought I would leave them out of
the substitute, because my desire is to get through
the necessary provisions which will be for the real
interests of the Army and of the country in this
