160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
crisis, and to leave debatable questions to be settled
hereafter. For myself, sir, when this question is
closed, if these sections be not adopted and I have
a«eat on this floor, I intend to give my vote for the
provisions contained in the amendment which I
proposed the other day, but which I now leave
otit of this substitute.
. Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I believe the
proposition now before the Senate is that submit-
ted by myself as an amendment to the substitute
of the Senator from Massachusetts?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) That is the question now pending.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to discuss the
general merits of t'he bill, and I have only one
single word to say in reply to the suggestion of
theSenator fiom New Hampshire in regard to the |
amendmenttlmt 1 submitted. One objection urged
against it, I believe, at the outset, was that it had
not been reported from any committee. That is
true, not only of the amendment which I submit-
ted, but it is also true of the entire bill submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts. It has not
the support of the report of any committee; but,
sir, it was referred to a select committee, of which
1 think the Senator from New Hampshire was a
member. That committer has been convened by
the order of its chairman, as I understand, upon
several occasions, and has failed to moot. It is,
therefore, no fault of those who seek its passage,
that it has not been submitted to, and received
• the concurrence of the committee to whom it was
referred.
It is objected by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to the adoption of this amendment that it
increases the expenditures of the Government;
and that under it, the longer an inefficient man
lives, the larger will be his salary. '1 hat is true
now, sir; and what I wish to avoid is that very
thing. You have now, for instance, a lieutenant
on your list of lieutenants of the Navy, and he
is totally unable lo perform the duties of his po-
sition; you let him remain there as he is now,
and he gradually pusses up through the grade of
commanders, and finally becomes a captain, and
takes command of one of your fleets oil a foreign
station, i want him to be retired oil leave-of-
abseuce pay when he fust shows that he is in-
competent to discharge the duties the country
requires of him, and let him lelire on $1,200, in-
stead of allowing him to become a eaplain, as the
Senator from New Hampshire woulu permit him
to become, and receive #,'i,000 leave pay while at
home, or §4,01)0 while upon a foreign station. If
you do not retire him, he goes up, inefficient as
lie maybe now, and becomes not only a com-
mander, but, if he lives long enough, a captain;
and inslead of being retired upon £1,200 pay,
you are dually to give liirn, when he becomes a
. captain, as leave-of-absonee pay. That is
the dilference; and this amendment i^ designed to
avoid just such cases as that. The increase of
expenditure to the Government will be exceed-
ingly linjited. 1 suppose that here are perhaps
twenty men on your list now who are inefficient,
and ought to be retired, and who would he letired
under tins amendment it it were adopted; there
may be more. The only difference it will create
ill the expemlitnies of the Government will be
the difference between the pay of the inferior of-
ficers, who would be ranked up into their jilao.es:
which they are now receiving, and that which
they would receive if this hill should pass.
I wish to say one single word fuitlier, Mr.
President. I believe, representing- an interioV
State not much interested, or not directly inter-
ested, in the commerce and manufactures of the
Atlantic sea-board, that the Navy is the liglitann
of our public defense, and is always going to be.
I believe that, m oiu picsent troubles, it will be
of as efficient service to the Government as your
Army will be; and 1 think it is destined to become
of much more consequence to the nation. If it be
the case that this Administration has consented
to agree to the terms of the Pans convention, and
if those terms shall be ratified by the Senate of
the United States, by which we are to abolish the
whole militia of the seas, and say to the world
that we are hereafter to depend entirely upon a
regular naval force, it is exceedingly important
that we make that naval foice as efficient and as
active as possible: and m oider to do that, 1 think
it is the interest of the Government to get rid of
these men who are effete, unable to perform the
duties of their positions, and take young, active,
and patriotic men, and place them in their stead.
But, sir, as I said before, representing a State
that is not directly interested in the Navy or in
commerce or manufactures, if gentlemen living
upon the sea-board are content with the present
condition of the Navy, I surely ought to be.^
Mr. HALE. I am not going to take up time;
but if anybody here agrees with me on this sub-
ject—and I think there are one or two, although
the Senator from Massachusetts thinks there is
nobody—I ho'pe they will vote on the amendment
of Senator from Iowa, and then we can get a vote
on them Soth together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the substi-
tute of the Senator from Massachusetts in section
nineteen, line two, by inserting after the word
" Army," the words " or of the marine-corps of
the Navy;" and also in line two of section twenty,
and line three of section twenty-one, after the
woul" Army," to insert the same words. It sim-
ply extends the piovisions relating to a retiring
board for the Army to the marine corps of the
Navy, which is quite as important, as I think.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a slight
amendment to the fourth line of the twentieth
section. It is to strike out the words " as pro-
vided m the third section of the act." They are
unnecessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. HALE. I have not a copy of the substi-
tute before me; but I now move to strike out all
lhat relates to the retiring board of the Army and
Navy, and to inseit in lieu thereof the first three
sections of the amendment which I send to the
Chair, numbered nineteen, twenty, and twenty-
one.
The Secretary read the sections proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Hce. !!). Jlnd be ii further enactc<U Thm so much of tiie
nixth Kechon ol the act of August 53, IS 15, as allows addi-
tional or double iruiou?. to generals or othei othceis com-
manding ideographical departments 01 divisions, or to the
commandant <>t each priiiunent or ll\ed po^t £rarn oned
with tioop^, be and t!u> same js hereby, repealed.
Si:o. 50. *Hna be it faith er eiiaiLed, That officers having
brevet conmu.-isioti;* ^iall not ho entitled to any increase or'
pav  >i emoluments because ol thfc e.\cicj-u: of command
aceoi'l ni? to iheu brevet rank.
Sko. 51. Jlntl he it farther enr/ctal, Tiiatofiiceis entitled
to t'onujo ior horse* shall not be allowed to commute it, hut
Hhall <ltaw the allowance in kind lor each hoi-i- actually
kept by them as authorized by e\Mina law*; and lhat all
loiaire, whetliei diawn loi public 01 private horvr.s, ^hall be
 eirauled a* public piopeity, and it' not eon-timed within the
month lor which tt was issued, shall he ictuitied to the
quartermastet, ami be taken up in hU quarteily ictuins.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to say in relation
to the amendment, that, those are three sections
which received the deliberate sanction of this
body about two days ago, and I want Lo substi-
tute them for the sections creating a retiring
board.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the question of
striking out and inserting is not divisible.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. H is not.
Mr. CLAUK. 1 am in favor of some of the
proposed additions of my colleague; but I am
against striking out. 1 thuicfore shall vote against
the whole of his amendment, with the hope that
somebody may propose what he proposes to in-
sert as additions, aftefwe refuse to strike out.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will agree to the
creation of these two retiung boaids, it will not
be worth while to talk about any reforms after
that. Wo shall have saddled upon us a batch of
pensioners that will take all time to liquidate their
claims. I f the Army and Navy are saddled with
those two batches of pensioners, I shall despair
of over seeing any to form commenced.
Mr. CLARK. I do not feel exactly with my
colleague. I do not agree with him. I do not
despair of reforms, even if we put on these le-
j tiring boards. On the contrary, 1 look upon them
i as reforms; because if we have an incompetent
! man in the semee,! deem it to be better to retire
| him on pay than to keep him in and allow him to
| increase his pay and rcuud the efficiency of either
j of the services.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to offer a few re-
marksupon the twenty-first section of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I think its adoption will be a measure of
very doubtful economy Besides, it discriminates
against a very meritorious class of officers. It
proposes to strike out the commutation of forage
to which officers in the Army are entitled. It
proposes that they shall draw their forage in kind,
that the forage shall be considered public prop-
erty, and that at the end of the month that which
is not consumed shall be returned to the quarter-
master. By this process you multiply a great
variety of accounts. You compel every officer,
after having drawn his month's forage, to return
perhaps at the end of the month with his peck of
oats or his ten pounds of hay under his arm, and
turn them back to the quartermaster, taking lus
receipt, and having the issue of the same forage
again.
There is another view of this question which'
should be taken into consideration, and that is
this: each officer is admitted by this amendment
to be entitled to his forage in kind. If he is enti-
tled to it in kind, he has a right to demand of the
Government the transportation to convey that for-
age to any point at which he may be upon duty.
This section would do well enough in military
posts where officers arc stationed and in the dis-
charge of duty; but under the provisions of this
amendment each officer, after he is ordered upon
a march, has a right to demand of the Government
the wagons to transport his monthly forage for his
horse. Therefore, I say this amendment is of
very doubtful economy. On the frontier, wheie
officers aie on service,and are mounted, tins pro-
vision will bo most seriously felt.
It is not to be expected that gentlemen living in
the eastern or sea-poi t Slates of the Union could
have had an opportunity to observe the effect
which will result from the adoption of this amend-
ment; and I will undertake to illustrate it. Per-
haps it may be a homely illustration, but I will
illustrate it in this way: we will suppose that on
the 1st day of July two officers—you may say
lieutenants or captains of cavalry or diagoons—
were on scrvice in this city. On the 1st day of
July each of them was entitled to draw one month 'a
forage for the horse he had in use. On the 2d day
of July one of those officers was ordered upon a
scout in Virginia, which occupied the balance of
the month. During the time of his absence, there
being no quartermaster from whom he can draw
forage for his horse, he is compelled to provide it
for himself, while his forage m kind is left hero
in Washington city and he cannot use it. There-
fore, he is compelled to pay for the forage which
he draws upon this service, and when he returns
at the close of the month to Washington city, he
is compelled to return the forage in kind to the
quartermaster, it being conaideied public piop-
crty under the provisions of this amendment.
Here is a discrimination against the officer who
discharges his duty and m favor of the officer who
remains in the city, perhaps attending to no duties
at all, or at most his ordinary duties. It is oller-
ingapiemium for idleness and inactivity in the
Army, and it is taxing the man who does disclmige
his duty.
Now, on our frontier, it is true that men do
draw commutation when they are not compelled
to feed their horses; but the commutation tor
horses in the service only amounts to about twenty
or twenty-four cents a day, while the feed of a
single horse costs fiom fifty cents to a dollar. It
takes two or three days' commutation to puivhasc
one ration for a horse. Therefore, I say, that in
the long run, there is no injustice in allowing the
officcr tu draw his commutation in place of the
ration in kind. I think that this section of the
amendment, if adopted, will woik a headship to
the officers who discharge their duty faithfully,
and who are in the frontier service, distant lium
the quartermaster's department, and cannot draw
forage in kind, and it will be in favor of those
that do not do any.
Now, sir, it is very singular to observe, in the
course of the vai ious bills which have been under
consideration here, the views which have been
taken on these questions of economy. The other
day there was $1,000,000 voted h'jre to pay chap-
lains ill the Army—yes, sir, $1,000,000 was voted
to pay for prayers for the troops; and to-day ihe
gentleman from New Hampshire proposes to
