THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THJ^FFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0,
Thirty-Seventh Congress* 1st Sessign 
THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1861.
New Series.....No. 11.
strike out twenty-four cents* worth of rations to
the trooper's horse. The prayers and the forage
are all right in their places; but I am in favor of
a more equal distribution of the prayers and the
forage together. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I am perfectly willing, so far as
relates to that part of the amendment that the
Senator from Oregon refers to, that he shall move
to strike it out. That is not the evil I want to
aim at. The first section of the amendment con-
tains what I am in favor of; and so far as that
part of it which the Senator from Oregon com-
ments upon is concerned, I have no sort of objec-
tion to its being stricken out; and if he will move
to strike it out, I will not oppose it.
Mr. NESMITH. I will move to strike it out.
Mr. HALE. Let that section of my amend-
ment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, That officers enti-
tled to fora?e for horses shall not be allowed to comyiutc
it, but shall draw the allowance in kind for each horse ac-
tually kept by them as authorized by existing laws; and
that all torage, whether drawn for public or private horses,
shall be regarded as public property, and if not consumed
within the month foi which it is issued, shall be returned
to the quartermasters and bo taken up in his quarterly
returns.
Mr. HALE. I am willing that that should be
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is not in order
at the present time.
Mr. HALE. Yes-, it is in order to move to
amend an amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Your amendment is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. HALE. Then I accept the amendment of
the Senator from. Oregon. I am willing to have
that section stricken out.
.Mr. NESMITH. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to consent to strike
out the twenty-first section of the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That section
has been withdrawn.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire to the substitute submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. There is evidently a misun-
deistanding on this subject. Several Senators
have not voted. The proposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire, as I understand it, is to
strike out the last nine sections of the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts and add three other
independentsections; and gentlemen, I apprehend,
have voted for his proposition, not knowing that
they thereby strike out half the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I call fo'r the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Now, Mr. President, I want to
say a word. The Senator from Iowa thinks that
the Senate misapprehend this amendment, or they
would not have voted for it, because it strikes
out half the bill. I am not certain that that is any
objection to it. I think, if the Senate do under-
stand this bill, they would vote for the amend-
ment; and, if they do not understand it, they may
vote against it; but every man, I think, that un-
derstnnds it eleaily, and acts upon his understand-
ing, will vote for it, Mr. President, the proposi-
tion for a retiring board does not come here, as I
understand it, upon the recommendation of any
committee. Am I right? The chairman of the
committee who takes charge of this subject has so
much to attend to, that he cannot attend to the
debates heie. That is the way I understand it.
It docs not come here with the recommendation of
any committee, so far as the Army is concerned j
and I know it does not, sp far as the Navy is con-
cerned. I object to making such radical changes
—changes that will saddle your Treasury with the
support of forty, fifty, or one hundred officers
through all time, who render you no service and
11
cannot render it. If jrou are going to incorporate
any such system as this into the Navy and Army,
let it be done when Congress has time to attend
to it. I do not use the word in any offensive
sense, of course, bccausc I believe everybody
means to be honest; I wish to be myself, and am
willing to extend the same judgment to others;
but, practically, it is a fraud upon the people to
undertake to saddle such a system as this upon
the country at this time. We did not come here
for any such purpose. We did not come here to
saddle and burden and tax the people to support
a set of officers that can render no service; but we
came here to call forth all the energies of the coun-
try to defend the Government.
Again, sir, the experience this Senate have had
of retiring boards should make them cautious.
We have had one. retiring board, and I think the
doings of that retiring board are a reproach upon
the nation, and will be a reproach as long as the
history of civilization is known. I think it was
one of the most monstrous things that was ever
perpetrated under the forms of law. They tried
officers behind their backs for moral offenses, and
condemned them, and struck them from the Navy;
and some of those officers do not know to-day
what the charge was, or who the witnesses were
against them. You constituted a most immacu-
late board to report who was not fit for the service,
and they began at the head of the list, and struck
off one, two, three, four, five, until they got down
to their own numbers, and then they found a man
who was fit to serve, and they left "him. That is
the way the retiring board acted. Another thing
they did, sir, for which they have my eternal re-
proach. They disgraced the man who had done
more to elevate the character of the American
Navy, at home and abroad, than all the rest of
them put together—Commodore Stewart. The
first thing they did was to strike at that gallant
old man, who had done more to elevate the char-
acter of the American Navy than the whole of
them put together. They struck him down in
disgrace, tore the epaulets off his shoulders, and
stole his buttons to sew on their own coats to
strut about m. That is what they did, and the
national Legislature were occupied a year or more
after that in trying, in some degree, to remedy
the errors and blunders which that board com-
mitted.
Here you propose, at one jump, without any
investigation—or any investigation that deserves
the name—at this extraordinary .session of Con-
gress, called for altogether and far different pur-
poses, to perpetrate another outrage, not only
upon the Navy, but also upon the Army. I do
not know but what this may possibly be a good
bill. I do not think it is as bad as the other. I
know it is. not worse. It in riot in human stupid-
ity or malignity to make a worse bill than that.
I do not believe in this bill, or in any of them;
but, sir, I say there is no time to digest such a
system as this. If you agree to this, you will
never get rid of it. No, sir, your children's chil-
dren will have to stagger under whatever taxation
is imposed. But when I say this, do not allow
me to be understood as being opposed to retiiing
these gentlemen honorably, and on a fair pension;
I am willing to do it whenever the subject can be
fairly investigated, and the Senate have time to
consider it. Why, sir, tin* amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, which undertakes this monstrous
innovation, has not even been printed; and 1 ven- j
turc to say not a member of the Senate except !
himself known what it is exactly o*u this question I
of a retiiing board. ]
Mr, GRIMES. It certainly is not my fault if j
it is not known to Senators, for it was referred to j
a special committee, of which the Senator is a j
member, and I understand that committee were
convened on two or three occasions, but had not
a quorum to do business.
Mr. HALE. I received a notice to attend once,
on the very day on which the Naval Committee,
of which I was chairman, sat. I believe, not'
withstanding that, that I went into the special
committee room, where I was called and stayed an
hour, neglecting my own committee, and we did
not get a quorum.
Mr. GRIMES. I may say, so that the Sena-
tor will understand it, that it is exactly like the
provisions in regard to the Army. They are as-
similated one to the other. It first provides that
a man who shall have been forty years in theser-.
vice may voluntarily retire, and next it provides
that there shall be a public board, which shall
keep a record of their proceedings, which shail'be
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, to be
composed of seniors in rank, who shall examine
as to the physical and mental capacity of other
officers.
Mr. HALE. I have as much respect for the
Senator from Iowa as anybody, and as much for
him as for any member of this body; but I can-
not act upon stories he tells me about things be-
fore the Senate. I want to have them before me,
so I can see and understand them. It may be
that the Senator does not state precisely what his
own bill means. I remember once that, when a
member of the Legislature of the State of New
Hampshire, I introduced a bill for a specific ob-
ject, and I wrote it just as plain as I knew how
to use the language, and when it came before the
supreme court, they decided that it meantexactly
the very thing I intended it should not mean.- I
am not certain that it may not be so with this bill.
At any late, I think it is premature, out of time,
not pertinent to the occasion which called us to-
gether,and forthatreasonl hope it will be rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is the question not
divisible?' I should like to vote against the re-
tiring board, and against the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
stale that the amendment is not divisible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I certainly do not think
the Senate understand the question now before it;
and I suggest the propriety, therefore, of the bill
andamendmentslyingoveruntil to-morrow. The
amendments have not been printed. lam not sure
that the bill has been printed. I think not. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa has not beeji
p nnted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I suggest the pro-
priety of having those amendments printed, and
allowing the matter to be laid over until to-mor-
row. The Senate will then be able to under-
stand it.
Mr. CLARK. I will suggest to the Senator
from Kansas that, if he desires to vote against the
amendment of my colleague—-if he votes against
it, and these sections are not stricken out, and
those which he proposes to insert are not adopted,
he may afterwards move the adoption of those
he wants inserted, if he desires to do so; but by
voting against the amendment of my colleague,
he keeps in the provision for a retn ing list, so
that when a man who is incompetent to serve the
country says he is incompetent, he will be pro-
vided for, and a more practical and efficient man
put in his place; or if known to be inefficient,
though he does not say so, a board of senior offi-
cers, not his junior ones, may be appointed to
examine his ease and see whether he is able to
serve or not; and if he is found to be inefficient
and ineffective, he may be retired.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The objection made
to passing: any bill on the subject of a retiring
list, at this session, is the want of time to digest
a plan. Such a question I should like to see re-
feircd to a committee, and they have full time to
deliberate; and having deliberated, to report a
plan creditable to them and advantageous to the
service.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senator's pardon, if
I misunderstood him. I understood him to be
opposed to the amendment of my colleague.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas, I am.
Mr. CLARK. I understand him now to be in
favor of it. My colleague moves to strike out
all in regard to the retiring board.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I wish to get rid of
that, because we have not time to consider it; but
