THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. HALE. I believe there is one difficulty
about this. I think men that stay at home, and
do nothing, generally speaking, 'get the highest
pay. I suppose the reason is, that they study
this Register and the allowances better than those
who are on active duty. The Senate have voted
on this matter once, and I understand that the
Department wants this reform made. I think it
would be acceptable to the War Department. I
dp not know; I speak without the book; but I
have an opinion founded upon some information
that I, am not at liberty to disclose, that rt will be
satisfactory to the Department to have this amend-
ment made. Tho pay is high enough, the highest
pay in the world; and I think there will be no
mischief done in cutting this off. Besides, this
very amendment had the deliberate sanction of
the Senate a day or two ago.
Mr. NESMITH. I believe there have been no
brevets conferred since the Mexican war. In the
Mexican war nearly all the officers who partici-
pated in that war were brevetted for some cause
or other; some of them fordistinguished services
actually rendered in the field; some of them for
distinguished services said to have been rendered
in the field, though they were not within fifty
miles of the field, and some for distinguished ser-
vices in the Departments. The Senator from New
Hampshire mistakes what the benefits are under
a brevet commission. It confers no extra pay,
except when tiie officer is assigned to duty ac-
cording to his brevet rank. For instance,an offi-
cer may be a captain in the Army, and majr at
the same time hold the brevet commission of lieu-
tenant colonel. lie discharges the duties of a
captain in the Army, and draws the pay of a cap-
tain in the Army, unless he isassigned to discharge
the duties of lieutenant colonel, and then he gets
the emoluments of his brevet rank, and not other-
wise. It does not increase the pay, unless there
is a corresponding iricte.ise of duty.
Mr. SIMMONS, if the Senator from New
Hampshire declines accepting the suggestion I
made, 1 shall be obliged to move to except the
Lieutenant General, if he is a brevet officer.
Mr. FOSTER. Vote against it. It is not
amendable.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the amendment
of I he Senator from Rhode Island to be, to add
after the word " rank," the wouls " unless such
rank were conferred for gallantry in the field."
Mr. SIMMONS. "And ia m actual seivice
with the grade to which he is brevetted." The
Senator from Iowa is familiar with this subject,
and can draw up a proper amendment to answer
the purpose.
Mr. HALM 1 fear that we shall be misled. I
remember that not long ago webicvetted Colonel
Emory; and the service which he had rendered
for whtch he got the brevet, was getting up a
very large, expensive, and I think I may add a
handsome, picture book. He was brevetted for
that. A day oi two afteiwards, I moved to re-
consider the vote by which lie was brevetted. I
believed that making picture books was carried
to its perfection by Peter Parley, and that we
need not brevet our officers for it; but a distin-
guished Senator, then a member of this body,
who had been Secretary of War, and now holds
a higher commission in the pretended government
called the confederate States, actually contended
before this body, and got, I think, by vote, the
sanction of the body, that making such a bonk
as that was military service, and military service
of a very hi^h order. So my friend from Rhode
Island, with all his sagacity—and, I confess, no
man exceeds him in that respect—will fail alto-
gether of the good which he intends by such an
amendment as that winch ho suggests. You had
better be done with this at once. If he wants to
except the Lieutenant General, I have no particu-
lar objection to that. I should not move it my-
self, but I have as high respect for General Scott
as anybody. I think him a great general, rather
slow sometimes; but if it is the wish of the Sen-
ate to mak<, an exception of las ease, I have not
the slightest objection m the world, I shall not
move it myself, but will accept it if anybody else
does, and then I hope the amendment will bo
adopted.
Mr. BAKER. I will move that exception.
The VICE PRESIDENT, It is not now in
order, the 3mendmc^t of the Senator from New
Hampshire being an amendment to an amendment.
I will do it at the proper mo-
Mr. BAKER
ment.
The amendment of Mr. Hale was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 21, noes 18.
Mr. BAKER. I now move that the case of
General Scott be an exception, by adding to the
amendment just adopted the words "except the
Lieutenant General. ' I do it on the ground, not
that a man ought to have increased pay for brevet
rank, but on the ground that we never did give
General Scott, as a great captain, half enough,
and I want to give him all that he can get in any
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion is not in order. There, is a distinct amend-
ment pending, on which a question is avked.
When the Senate votes on that, the Senator can
make his motion.
Mr. BAKER. I understood the intimation of
the Chair to be, that it was proper now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now.
There is an amendment pending, offered by the
Scnatqr from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
wfiLcih will be read.
The Secretary read the amendmentas follows:
And be it further enacted, That officers entitled to foiage
for hones .shall not be allowed to commute it, but shall
draw the allowance in kind for each horse actually kept by
hnn, as authorized by existing laws.
Mr. NESMITH. Did I not understand the
Senator from New Hampshire to withdraw that
amendment ?
Mr. HALE. Upon the suggestion coming
from the wisdom of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, on which I rely in all difficult cases, I with-
draw that.
Mr. BAKER Would my amendment be in
order now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment will now be in order.
Mr. BAKER. 1 move then that Lieutenant
General Scott be excepted from the effect of the
provision as to brevet pay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be a sep-
arate section. The Senator can draw it.
Mr. WILSON. While the Senator is perform-
ing that duty, I can propose an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa has submitted un amendment which is in
order.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the object
of the Senator ftom Massachusetts is to propose
an amendment to the twenty-second section which
was inserted the other day. I withdraw mine for
that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. I did not know that the Sen-
ator from Iowa had a proposition pending; but J
desire to move a part of what was agreed to as
the twenty-seconil section, when the bill was be-
fore under consideration:
That otiieoK of tho Annv, when alwent hom their ap-
piopriate duties for a ponod of mx months, either with or
without leave, shall not leceive ihe allowances authorized
bj the e.\i>tim; law-., loi >eiv<uit>, foiage, tiansportation of
baggage,!no] and quaiters,eithei m kind or commutation.
And I wish to leave out the other words of that
section, which are as follows:
Noi shall any allowance for servants or hoises be here-
after made, either m kind or in commutation, unless Mich
seivant* and hor?>es have been musteied and inspected at
such tunes and in Mich manner a< the Picsulent may dnect.
I am told, on inquiry, that tho practical oper-
ation of that would be somewhat difficult, and
especially in active service. As I think officeis who
are absent with or without consent ought not to
have these privileges, T hope that the proposition
will be sustained in the form in which I now
move it.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes an amendment, which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
to add tho following as an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, Thai officei? of the Army, when
absent from their appropiiate duties 4m a period exceed-
ing six mouths, cither with or without leave, shall not
receivtf tho allowances authoiizcd by existing laws for
M'ivanN, Coi.ige, tiai'-po>tation of baggage, fuel and quar-
reif-. either m kind or in commutation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. Now I offer my amendment:
Jhul Lp it, farther enacted. That nothing m this act con-
tained Miall in any event teduce the payor emoluments of
the Lieutenant Geneia! of the Army.
Mr. NESMITH. I opposed the amendment
which deprived officers of pay according to their
brevet rank when discharging the duties of that
rank. I am unable now to perceive why General
Scott should be made an exception to the rule. I
admit that General Scott is discharging his duty
within his sphere; but there is no more reason
why he should draw brevet pay as a Lieutenant
General than that some first lieutenant who is
brevet captain and is discharging a captain's duty
should draw the pay of captain. I shall vote
against this amendment. If the law is to be that
the pay for brevet rank shall be abolished, I am
in favor of applying it to every one in the Army
without exception. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yo$is and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I wish to say that, with the Sen-
ator from Oregon, I voted against the proposition
which has been adopted by the Senate. I thought
it was proper, when an officcr received a brevet
and was afterwards called upon to discharge the
duties of the brevet rank, that he should receive
the pay belonging to that rank. The very next
thing after we provide that he shall not receive
that pay, is to make an exception of General Scott.
The very exception, it seems to me, shows the
impropriety of the vote just given. I shall vote
against this amendment in favor of General Scott,
not because I think General Scott ought not to
have the pay that belongs to the rank that he holds
by brevet, and of which he discharges the duties,
but because I am not willing to make an excep-
tion, which exception itself shows that the rule
which has just now passed is wrong.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I voted in the same man-
ner that the Senator from Missouri did on the
other proposition; but I confess that I now shall
vote for this amendment, and my chief reason will
be this fact: that General Scott, as a military offi-
cer, has set an example to the officers of the Army
which I admite exceedingly. While I am in favor
of peace, I rejoice that this great captain of the
age has not resigned his commission and taken
part with his State in^seceding from the Union.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Browning,
Chandler, Clark, Collamcr, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Fes-
senden, Foot, Fostci, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, King, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Pome-
rov, Saulsbuiy, .Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willoy, Wilmot, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Me>sis. Bieckmridgc, Cathie, Johnson of Mis-
<;oiiii, Nesmith, Polk, and Powell—6.
So the amendment of Mr. Baker was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now offer the proposition
which I sent to the table a few moments ago.
The amendment was read as follows :
Jlnd he it further enacted, That any commissioned officer
of the At my or Navy, who, having tendered his resignation,
shall, piior to due notice of the acceptance of the same by
tlig proper authority, and without leave, quit his post or
proper duties, with the intent to remain peimanently absent
theiefroin, shall be regarded as a deseiter and punished as
such.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the substi-
tute further, by striking out, in section ten, the
following words :
The superintendent of the Military Academy shall be an
officer of tiie engineers, topographical engineer?, ordnance,
or artillery corp-;, a graduate of ttie United States Military
Academy, and distinguished for his scientific attainments.
He shall have the local rank, pay, and allowances of a
colonel of engincois, and be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The amendment will be easily understood. It
leaves the Military Academy, so far as its super-
intendency is concerned, just as it now is. It
has been in operation some fifty years. So far
as the fitness of the superintendent is concerned,
I believe there is no question. I do not think it
is worth while now to make a change. Perhaps
at another session, under other circumstances, it
may be necessary; although about that I by no
means wish to commit myself now; but at pres-
ent, at least, I think it is much better that we
should leave it as it is. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is not disposed to press this proposition; and I
think certainly no evil can occur by leaving what
has been so well done as it is, without change.
Mr. WILSON. Being a man of peace, always
desiring to have unity if possible, 1 give way to
the opinions and solicitations of Senators about
me, and consent to the amendment. I will not
contest the matter.
The amendment of Mr. Foster was agreed to.
