THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
THE VOLUNTEER BILL. -
Jhe Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment,of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 1) to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property, disagreed to by the Senate, ana
insisted upon by the House of Representatives;
and, on motior^ of Mr. Wilson, it was,
Resolved) That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the
said bill insisted on by the House, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered,, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. "Wilson, Mr. Ten Eycb- and Mr. Rice,
were appointed. %
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a little bill on the
table that I should like to have taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We ought to have an
executive session.
Mr, GRIMES. The bill which I propose to
take up can soon be disposed of.
Mr. POWELL; How long will it take ?
Mr. GRIMES. It is a bill creating the office
of Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. POWELL. That will lead to <febatc, I
suppose.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know. I do not think
it will.
Mr. POWELL. It is half past four o'clock.
I think it is time to adjourn. We Jiave been here
four hours and a half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that it may bo
necessary to have a short executive session. It
is proposed to refer some nominations which are
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky withdraw his motion?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope we shall have an ex-
ecutive session.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sonic time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 17, 1801.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
flie Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
APPOINTMENT OF A COMMITTEE.
' The Spanker announced that he had appointed
the following as the select committee ordered by
the House on the bankrupt law: Messrs. Roscok
Conkling, Htjtcihns, Thomas of Massachusetts,
Noell, and McKnigiit.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. Mr. May, Representative of
the fourth congressional district of Maryland, is
present, and desires to qualify as a member of the
House.
Mr. May appeared, and qualified by taking the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the selcct
committee, raised by the House a few days since,
to inquire into certain contracts of the Govern-
ment, to report the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the provisions of Hie resolution appointing
the Mjlect committee to inquire into and report in ielation
to certain contracts- made by the DepnrtmenN ibr provis-
ions, supplies, &c., he * o extended a? to embrace an inquiry
into ali the facte and efrcuni'-taiiccsof all the contracts and
agreement*! already made, and all such eontiucts and agree
ments hereafter to he made, pnor to the final import of the
committee, by or with any Department of the Government,
in anywise connected with, oi growing out of, the opeid-
tionsof the Government in suppies^xngthe rebellion against
its constituted authority.
Resolved, That the said committee be authorized to sit
during the recess of Congress, at such timed and places as
may be deemed proper.
Resolved, That said comrnittce be authorized to employ
a stenographer as clerk, at the usual rate of compensation.
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House be f
directed to attend in person or by assistant the sittings or
the committee, and serve all the subpenas put into his hands
by the committee, pay the fees of all witnesses, and the
necessary expenses of the committee.
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House, during the re-
cess of Congress, is hereby authorized and directed to issue
subpenas to witnesses, upon the request of the committee,
in the same manner as during the sittings of Congress.
I call the previous question upon the resolu-
tions.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Are these reso-
lutions in order?
The SPEAKER. The committee has a right
to report at any time. This is a report from the
committee, and the Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. KELLOQG, of Illinois. I desire to say
a word upon the report", and I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will not press the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw it; but I hope
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
am opposed to the extension of the original reso-
lution,as proposed in the resolutions now offered.
I am unwilling, at this stage of our proceediugs,
to organize a committee for the purpose of in-
vestigating contracts made, which' investigation
must be upon the assumption that there is some-
thing wrong in the War Department. 1 made
no objection to the resolution when'it was first
offered, because I supposed that the gentleman
*who offered it had some foundation for such a
proceeding; but when, as now, an intention is
indicated to establish an advisory board—in other
words, to establish a controlling influence over
the War Department—and a committee that shall
sit during the recess of Congress, to advise, su-
pervise, and control the Secretary of War, I must
object, and I do oppose these resolutions. If it
bo true that the War Department is now so in-
efficientand coriupt thatit requires seven oreight
counselors to advise about every contract that is
to be made hereafter, it is time that we took some
definite and fixed action and correct the evil, so
that it shall not require eight Secretaries of War
instead of one; thus changing the entire character
and cast of the Department.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to know
if the resolution does not extend to all the Depart-
ments of the Government as well as to the War
Department?
The SPEAKER. It extends to all contracts
authorized by law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And to all the
Departments as well as the War Department?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I believe this to
be a most pernicious precedent. Unless the in-
quiry is to be founded upon some allegation of
actual fiaud in the Department, it is an imputation
upon the Department, which, in my judgment,
should not be made. I know of nothing, and I
believe that there is nothing, that calls for this ex-
traordinary proceeding of placing the Secretary
of War under the ban of a committee. If it be
the object to hold him in check from violating the
law, that is one thing; if it be to whitewash his
proceedings, that is another thing. lam opposed
to this roving committee—this committee without
limitation of power, time, or place, to supervise the
affairs of the War Department. I am willing that
the committee shall proceed, under the resolution
already adopted, to discharge its functions during
the present session of Congress; and when the
session ceases, I desire that the functions of this
committee shall cease, unless they are prepared to
say that there is some specific act which requires
the interposition of such an extraordinary com-
mission as this. It is because I believe that the
War Department is faithfully and fairly and hon-
estly discharging its duty in administering this
arm of the Government, that I make this objection.
If, on the contrary, it is not doing so; if there is
reasonable suspicion, I shall be the first to raise
my voice and to record my vote to investigate to
the utmost any misconduct in that branch of the
Administration. I am opposed to these resolu-
tions, and I trust the House will not in this hur-
ried manner cast a censure upon the Administra-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING,
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
should be very sorry to interpose any objection
to aresolution looking to any appropriate investi-
gation into the concerns of any Department of
this Government; but there are two things touch-
ing these resolutions which I think ought to be
brought to the attention of the House. In the
first place, they ask for a power which I believe
has been given twice, and only twice, in the ex-
perience of thi  House, to any committee. One
of the resolutions confers upon the committee
power to travel in any and every direction, and
from time to time, for the purpose of prosecuting
their investigations. Now, sir, I am not at all
prepared to say that that is not a very suitable re-
quest, provided the inquiry is suitably restricted;
but I call attention to it. But there is another
feature in the resolutions which, it strikes me, is
anything but gracious or admissible as a provis-
ion to be contained in a resolution adopted by
this House. It is proposed that this committee
inquire ' * into all the facts and circumstances of all
the contracts and agreements already made, and
all such contracts and agreements hereafter to be
made, prior to the final report of the committee,
by or with any Department of the Government,
in anywise connected with or growing out of the
operations of the Government in suppressing the
rebellion against its constituted authority."
Now, sir, it seems to me, as was suggested by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Krllogg,] that
it is very gross for this House to assume in limine,
on the very threshold of its existence, that not
only one Department of this Government, but ali
the Departments of this Government, are to be so
managed that we are called upon to appoint a
roving commission to sit in futuro, in we know
not how many places, we do not know how long,
until the final report of the committee, which may
be during the next session of this Congress,or not
till its last session. Now, I should be very sorry
to be the member of the House, if there were to
be one, to interpose an obstacle to any proper and
legitimate investigation; but I should be equally
sorry to see this House do a thing so ungracious,
and calculated to cast sa undue and unjustifiable
an imputation on all of the Departments of this
Government, as it seems to me will result, unin-
tentionally on the part of the mover, no doubt,
from adopting the resolutions just sent to the
Clerk's desk.
There may be an answer to all this; but I feel
bound to call the attention of the House to it,and
to suggest it for the consideration of the gentle-
man from Indiana. If the resolution be intended
merely to furnish ways and means forconductmg
a legitimate investigation, that is one thing; but
if it be all that it seems to be, or, in other words,
if no special explanation can be made, it seems to
me to be obnoxious to the objection I make.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
authorize a national loan, and for other purposes;
hen the Speaker signed the same.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS AGAIN.
r. HOjLMAN. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
js riportedf by the direction of the select commit-
tee, \nd jot of my personal motion, although I
very^ul/y concur in its provisions. I understand
that tW'whole effect of the resolution is this: the
committee has been authorized to inquire into the
circumstances connected with the execution of
certain contracts and agreements heretofore exe-
cuted. It is further provided, not in censure of
the Administration ormny of its members, nor
indeed on any basis of suspicion, that during
the session of this committee—for it is to remain
in session during the vacation of Congress—if
illegal or improper contracts be made, the com-
mittee shall possess the power to investigate the
circumstances under which they were made. I
am astonished that that is regarded as a censure,
or as a suspicion of the integrity with which the
Government conducts its affairs. Itisamerepro-
vision that, in the exercise of the powers of the
committee, if it shall appear during the time of
exercising these powers in the vacation of Con-
gress, that illegal or improper contracts have been
made, involving the expenditure perhaps of mil-
lions of money, the committee shall at that time,
and appropriately, investigate the circumstances
under which such contracts are made, for the in-
formation of the Government itself, as well as of
the country.
