THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
resolution extending the committee over into the
next session, giving them an opportunity of fin-
ishing their investigation, as contemplated by the
original resolution. That will accomplish all I
think gentlemen can reasonably desire, and it will
&tve us from the reproach of raising a committee
to sit in the future, notonly upon whatmay have
been done, but upon what may be done by the
"War Department, and by other Departments of
the Government.
t now renew the motion to lay the resolutions
on the tabic.
• Mr. YANWYCK, Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion in regard to the point
that he has made, that there are no specific charges
upon which the committee can properly act?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am requested
by members all around me to adhere to the mo-
tion to lay upon the table; and I decline to with-
draw it.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I think it only fair that
the gentleman should hear me. [Cries of "Order!"]
He has stated that there are no specific charges
of fraud and corruption. 1 state that there are
specific charges of fraud and corruption on the
part of public servants. [Cries of "Order!"] I
make the statement distinctly.
The SPEAKER. Unless the motion -to lay on
the table is withdrawn, debate is not in order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I want to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois and the atten-
tion of the House to specific charges. [Cries of
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must observe
the rules of the House.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion to lay upon the table for a
moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For the purpose
of hearing the chairman of the committee for one
moment, I withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I thank the gentleman.
The gentleman;as I understand, states that he is
not aware of any specific charges of fraud qmd
corruption against any person to justify the rais-
ing of this committee. I venture the assertion,
tluitinthefew shortmonths of this warfare against
the rebels, there has been, on the part of sonic
men, a system of plunder upon the Government
which will excel in audacity and wickedness any
that has characterized previous Administrations.
No charge is made distinctly against any Depart-
ment of the Government, but we do say that (here
are men who, taking advantage of the necessities
of the times, have committed depredations upon
theTrcasury of the United States. I ask the gen-
tleman whether he does not know that a contract
has been made iy. open market 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
asks me a question f will answer him.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Not now. Wait a mo-
ment.
The vSPRA KER. Conversation is not in order
upon the floor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Does it not need investi-
gation if a contract has been made whereby eight
or eight and a half cents is paid per pound live
weight for beef, when the agents of the Govern-
ment, on the 22d and 23d of April last, sent to Balti-
more, and bought it <it six and a half cents? Docs
it not require investigation when we hear that the
Government hired in New York an old worn-out
steamer for $10,000 a month, with the provision
that #50,000 should be pajd if it were lost? Are
not such matters to be inquired into? I tell the
gentleman and this House, I tell the Republican
party and the country, that the War Department
wants an examination into all these subjects. If
there bo gross fiaud, the Secretary is the last man
to have it covered up. The. War Department
wants the country to know if there be fraud, that
the responsibility shall fall in the right quarter.
I learn of another contract made by an Army
officer in the western country, where one would
suppose honesty wouid accompany patriotism—
a contract for hats at fifteen dollars a dozen, when
they could be obtained for ten dollars a dozen.
And let me tell this House, that Congress, on the
2d of March, 186X, passed a law that no article
should be purchased, for the use of the Govern-
ment unless \ipon advertisement and the recep-
tion of proposals, except where the public exi-
gencies demanded. Yet, before our Army could
get through Baltimore, before the bridges which
were destroyed had ceased to smoke ia ruins, be-
fore the eighth Massachusetts and Seventh New
York rested their arms from a weary march in
this very Capitol, the army of contractors had
arrived. Powder was contracted for without ad-
vertising, so that our magazines could not hold
another barrel. There may be nothing wrong in
this; but we want to know whether it be right or
not. Such are the facts for these few months of
the warfare; and, as we have appropriated some
$500,000,000, we ought to see that in the future
depredations upon the Treasury shall not be com-
mitted as they have in the.past.
I appeal to my Republican friends, let us be
true to our former professions, and see to it that
plunder and peculation shall not follow upon the
track of our Army. Let us watch the movements
of the Army contractors, and take care that they
shall not feast and fatten upon the free-will offer-
ings of the Republic. I might refer to other in-
stances; but I do not deem it necessary at this
time.
We implicate no Department or officer of Gov-
ernment; merely desiring that men who are so
base as to seek at this time to enrich themselves,
should be held up to the scorn of the world,
never to be forgiven by the American people.
Those who are pirating upon our waters under
a traitor's commission, are no more depraved than
those professing patriotism and loyalty who are
privateering under the commission of cupidity
against the generous affections and benevolence
of a self-sacrificing nation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It appears that
the gentleman does not understand the purport
of his own resolution; and I move that it be laid
upon the tabic.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
At the request of Mr. EDGERTON, the res-
olution raisins; the committee was read.
Mr. COVODE. I ask for the reading of the
103d rule.
The Cleik read, as follows:
" 103. It shall be the duty of the said committees to ex-
amine into tho stale of the account's «uid cxpendituies
respectively submitted to thorn, and toinquue and leport
particulaily whether the expendituies of the icspective
Departments aie justified by law ; whetherthe claims from
time to tunc sati.-lh'd and dt«chaiged by the respective De-
partment^ ate supported by sulhetent voueheis, establish-
ing their justness both as to their ehniacter and amount;
whether such ciaiiii« have been dij.th.uged out of funds
nppropiiatcd theretoi, and \\ hethel all moneys have been
disbursed in eonloinuty with appropuauoa laws; and
whethet any, and what, pioviMons are neccssaiy to be
adopted to piovidc moic pcifectly for tho pioper application
of the public moneys, and to stcure the Government fiom
demands unjust ir  their character or exuavagant in their
amount. And it shall be, n < ieovt'i, the duty of the &aid
committees to icpoit, tioin tut if to tunc, whethei any, and
what, letrenchmcnt can be mad;' in the e.\pendituies of the
seveial Depaitments without detumeiit to the public ser-
vice ; whether anv, and what, abu-ea at any tune exist in
the failure to enloiee the payment oi monevs which may
he due to tiie United .States 11 om public defaulter or others;
and to report, from time to time, such ptovihions and «u-
langement.s may be uecewuy to add to the economy ot
the seveial Depaitments and the accountability of their
olhceis. it shad he the duly of tiie seveial committees on
public e\ponihuues to mqune whethei «my offices belong-
ing to the bianches or Depaitments,respectively, concern-
ing whose e.\pendituies it is then duty to mquiie, have
become useless or unnecessaiy, and to rcpoit, Horn time
to tune, on the expediency of jnodiijmg or abolishing the
same; also, to examine into the pay and emoluments of all
oilices undei tiie laws ot the United States, and torepoit,
fiom time to time, such a reduction os increase thereof as
a just economy and the public service may requite."
Mr. Dl VEN. Now read the rule that precedes
that.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 102. Seven additional standimr committees shall be ap-
pointed at the commencement ot lite Inst session in each
Congies*, who-c duties r-hall continue until the first session
ot the ensuing Congi ess.
" To consist of fuc members cadi.
u 1. A committee on so much oi' the public accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Depdifinent ot State ;
II '2. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expendituies a- iclatcs to the TieaMnv Depaitment;
3. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expenditure* as i elates to the Depaitinent oi Wui ;
u 4. A committer on so much of the public accounts and
expenditures as teiates to the Depaitmeut of the Navy ;
" 5. A committee on so much oi the public accounts and
expenditures us relates to the Post Oflic c ;
"6 A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expendituies as ielates to the Public Buildings ; ami
"•7. A committee on so much ot the public accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Inteuor Department."
Mr. WHEELER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, that 1 may offer an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless the motion is with-
drawn unconditionally, I must object.
Mr* KELLOG®, of Illinois. I cannot with-
draw the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask a single ques~
tion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to ask a question.
Objection was made. .
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 76; as follows;
Y^AS—Messrs. Appleton, Ashley, Baker, Beaman*
Bingham, Blake, William G. Brown, Campbell, Chamber-
lam, Claik, Roscoe Conkhng, Con\fay, Cuius, Davis,
Diven, Edwards, Ely, Franchct; Goodwin, Granger, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hickman, Horton, Ilutchins, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Leary, McPherson,
Mooihead, John H. Rice, Riddle, Robinson, Sedgwick,
Sheffield, Sherman,Tram, Trowbridge, Upton, Van Horn,
Wallace, Charles W. Walton, Webster, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wmdom, and Worcester—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Bauer, Samuel S. Biair,
George II. Etowne, Buffiuton, Cobb, Frederick A. Conk-
lins, Cooper, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden,
Cutler, Dawes, Delaplame, Duell, Duniap, Edgerton, Eliot,
English, Fenton, Goocb, Glider, Ilaigbt, Xlatdmg, Hani-
son, Holman, Jackson, Johnson, Julian, Kilhnger, Law,
Lazear, Lehman, Loomis, McKniaht, Mallory, Menzics,
Justin S. Mouill, Moius, Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Odcll,
Ohn, George II. Pendleton, Peny, Pike, Potter, Reid, Alex-
andeMI. Rice, Shanks, Shellabaiaer, Sloan, Smith, Spaul-
dmg, John B. Steele,William G. Steele, Stevens,Vallandlg-
ham, Van VVyck, Vibhard, Wadsworlh, Wall, E. P. Wal-
ton, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wicklifte, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—"it>.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to ■& question of order.
By one of the standing rules of the House, which
the Clerk has just read, it is provided that the
committee on so much of the public expenditures
as relates to the War Department shall inquire
whether the claims from time to time satisfied and
discharged by the Department are supported by
sufficient vouchers establishing their justness both
as to their character and amount.
By another of the standing rules of this House,
it is provided that no standing rule or order of the
House shall bo rescinded or changed without one
day's notice being given of the motion therefor;
nor shall any rule be suspended except by a vote
of at least two thirds of the members present.
My point is, that no one day's notice was given
of the motion for the appointment of this select
committee; nor was the committee created by a
vote of two thirds of the members present. But
suppose, for the sake of argument, that these
committees have concurrent jurisdiction: yet the
question as to who shall act in the premises ought
to be submitted to the House; and to accomplish
that, I desire to submit a resolution. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair wouid say to the
gentleman from New York, that the House can
raise a select committee upon any subject they
choose, even though it may be in charge of a
standing committee of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I ask that the ques-
tion of jurisdiction of these respective committees
be settled by the House itself.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that this resolution is excluded by the i*eso-
lution adopted at the commencement of the session,
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, re-
strictive of the business of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the last part
of that standing order allowed all busmesss which
should be introduced to be referred; and when the
House conies to act upon whatever the commit-
tees shall decide upon, the question which the gen-
tleman raises will arise. The Chair also thinks it
is too late now to raise the question, as the reso-
lution has already been accepted by the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to peimit me, by his with-
drawal t>f the demand for the previous question,
to have an amendment reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must refuse.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I desire to have
it read.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 object.
The p revious question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr, HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
