172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
some measure, except that, by the peculiar ar-
rangement of the free list in favor of manufac-
turers, and. the small amount of duties assessed
upon raw materials, it was a manufacturers'tariff;
while in all other respects, at the same time, it
was beneficial to the consumer. I propose to
revive it; but by levying a duty of ten per cent.
ad valorem upon the very extended class of articles
in the free list, it seems to me that far more rev-
enue will be derived than by adhering to the 'act
of 1861, or by the passage of the bill now before
us.
JTow, as I understand it, there is no material
change from the "Morrill tariff" proposed by this
bill. The provisions of that act remain nearly or
precisely the same in regard to the iron, cottons,
and woolens; and thus all the objectionable fea-
tures of the act of 1861 are retained, and this bill
is introduced, in the form of a digested act, for
levying duties upon imports, and yet contains no
substantial change from the act of March last, ex-
cept levying a duty upon tea and coffee, and mak-
ing some other immaterial changcs in certain
articles enumerated. It might very well have
been enough for the purpose of legislation that
the act should simply have been amendatory to
the act of 1861, and have provided for a tax upon
tea and coffee, and an increased tax upon sugar,
from which a large revenue is expected; but if
that had been done, the minds of the people would
have been brought directly to the fact that the
enormous expenses of the Government were ex-
pected to be borne by duties levied upon the very
necessaries of life; and thus the families of those
who are in the front ranks of the Army, suffer-
ing the privations and braving the dangers of war,
are obliged to pay back also a large part of the
small pittance of pay to the soldier, iti the form
of this tax upon that which forms a part of their
only daily food. I can conceive no other purpose
of introducing an entirely now bill, when, during
the long session of 1859-60 and the short session
of 1860-61, the minds of the ablest men in the
House and Senj«e were occupied for eighteen
months in digesting the bill passed in March last.
X am no admirer of that bill, in either form or sub-
stance; but at the same time, it seems to me ex-
traordinary that there should be a total change of
it now, by the enactment of a new tariff. If you
adopt the proposition which I make, and assess
a duty of ten per cent, on the free list I venture
to assert that a larger revenue will accrue to the
Govcrumeijt than can possibly be obtained under
this bill, Sir, the result of this act must lie to
diminish the consumption of sugar, of tea, and
ofc ffee,and tluis to decrease the revenue. With-
out detaining the committee any further, by en-
tering into the details of the bill, I propose the
substitute just read.
Mr. STEVENS. There are one or two small
amendments which ought to be made to the first
section before wo proceed to the consideration of
the general merits of the bill.
I n\ove to amend, by adding after the'word
"cents," in the fifteenth line, the words "per
pound;" so as to make it read:
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown
sugar, not advanced above Dutch by elayitm,
boiling, Harrying, or other pmoo^, and on sirup of sugar
or of sugar cane and concentrated molat-bes, or concen-
trated melado, cents? per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend, by strik-
ing out the words " Dutch standard," in the fif-
teenth line, and inserting after the word " state,"
in the sixteenth line, the words "above No. 12,
Dutch standard;" so as to make it read:
And a# white and clayed milmt, when advanced beyond
tlie raw auovo ,\"n. !;}. Dutch standard, t v clarifying
or other process, and not yet reimed, 3ecnt-< pel "pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out, in the thirty-fourth line, after the word
"chicory," the words " 3 cents per pound," and
inserting the words " root, 2 cents per pound, and
on chicory, ground, 4 cents per pound;" so as to
make it read: " On chicory root," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, by insert-
ing in the forty-first line the words " on dates,
5 cents per pound."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vam.anmgham.] It is well known
that in times of profound-peace the bill which the
gentleman now offers d id not produce sufficien t rev-
enue to defray the expenses of the Government,
and that the Government had to be supported by
large loans. We are now in time of war, when the
legitimate expenses of the Government are per-
haps five times more than they ought to be in time
of peace; and it is necessary to control the taxa-
tion and revenue of the country during the con-
tinuance of the unfortunate circumstances into
which a portion of our citizens have so wickedly
dragged us.
The tax proposed is on certain necessaries of
life. It is proposed by the committee, as 1 have
no doubt it will be laid by the House, with great
reluctance; and it would be avoided if it were pos-
sible to carry on the operations of the Govern-
ment and repress this rebellion without it. It is
a departure, I admit, from the general policy of
this Government, which has generally allowed to
come in free or with slight duty such articles as
were absolutely necessary for the laboring as well
as for the richer classes of the people. Tea, sugar,
and coffee, are here necessary for the comfort of
all classes. With the exception of sugar, they are
not produced in this country; and therefore, ac-
cording to our policy, they were not taxed either
for revenue or protection. They could not be
legitimately taxed for the latter. In England, it
is well known, they are heavily taxed. They
form one great item of the revenue of England.
Tea is taxed 35 cents per pound; coffee, 6 cents
per pound; sugar less; pepper, 10 cents; chicory,
cents. Thatis the ordinary revenue taxation of
England. Wo do not propose to put it now at
one half what it is in England.
But, in order to raise a revenue to any consid-
erable extent, in addition to that now raised by
our regular tariff, the three main articles relied
upon are those which I have mentioned; because
they are more largely consumed than any other
articles in the free list. To be sure, the commit-
tee has proposed a duty on almost all the items
that enter into the free list; but the duty on them
altogether will be small compared with the duty
that will be raised on the articles I have men-
tioned. Sugar now pays the small duty of a cent
per pound. The committee proposes to raise the
lowest grades 2j cents per pound; and so on, ac-
cording to quality. In order to ascertain what it
will produce, I have made a short calculation,
which is rather higher, 1 believe, than is con-
curred in by most of my colleagues. I may as
well say. however, in answer to what was said
by the gentleman from Ohio, that so far as the
immediate receipts of revenue on the item of
sugar are concerned, I do not expect them to he
large. I know that there is a very large quantity
of that article on hand now; and, of course, that
will be consumed before any more is imported to
any considerable extent. I suppose it likely that
the quantity now on hand will supply the con-
sumption for the next quarter, or very nearly so.
I therefore do not wish to hold out the idea, or
to be understood as expressing the hope, that
during the next quarter the revenue from this
additional taxation will be to any large amount.
I am speaking of what it will*be when the pres-
ent quantity on hand shall be consumed, and
when we return to the regular course of importa-
tion.
The gentleman from Ohio thinks that Louis
iana and the other sugar-growing States will be
able to supply from their large crops the wants of
next year. 1 must inform the gentleman that I
do not understand that his friends of the South
will be permitted to introduce their sugar into the
free States at all.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
misunderstood me. I said expressly that, in case
of a restoration of those States to the Union, then
there would be, as a matter of course, no duty
paid. The West depends almost exclusively on
the sugar brought up the Mississippi and Ohio
riversi
Mr. STEVENS. I did not understand the
gentleman's hypothesis. In case of the restora-
tion and submission of the rebels to lawful author-
ity—which I would be glad to see take place soon,
although I have but little hopes of it—no one
expects to have this war tax continued beyond
the exigency that has produced it; for, let it be
expressly understood, that, so far as the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is concerned, and so far
as we on this side of the House are concerned, we
are almostall Opposed to any tasc on sugar, coffee,
and tea, in time of peace, when sufficient revenue
can be raised from the ordinary sources. It is,
therefore, only during the disturbed state of things
that we expect this tax to remain. As I said be-
fore, I expect no sugar to be introduced from the
rebel States.
Now the ordinary importation of sugar from
foreign countries was, for the year 1659-60,
674,000,000 pounds. During that time Louisiana
and the other sugar-growing States produced
315,000,000 pounds. Part of that was, no doubt,
used in the free States. In the slave States there
are certainly not more than six million people
who ever taste sugar, unless they taste it while they
are making it. In the free States there are some
twenty million people who consume it. It is true
also, that a portion of the 315,000,000 pounds
grown in the slave States has always been brought
into the free States, entering into competition with
the foreign article. This will be excluded while
the present condition of things continues; and
therefore,if the same amount of sugar continues to
be used in the free States as heretofore, the import-
ations will be more than the amount 1 have men-
tioned. But I am ready to believe that during the
distracted condition of the country, there will not
be the same amount of sugar used in the free
States there has been heretofore, but I am in hopes
it will not be diminished by much more than the
amount we' have heretofore received from the
southern States, and that the amount to be used,
if this condition of things continues, will be about
the amount of our ordinary foreign importations.
But I have supposed it to be something less in the
calculation I have made.
Now, sir, if you take the amount of importa-
tions as I have supposed it to be, the lowest rate
of duty named—2| cents per pound addition—
would yield a revenue of $16,850,000. But from
that is to be deducted the present duty upon sugar,
which produces about $4,500,000 per annum. De-
ducting that amount, and taking the importations
to be the same as heretofore, and the increase of
revenue from this article will be some $12,350,000.
So much for that item, the most considerable
of any which can be found to raise a revenue
upon, beyond our present tariff.
The average amount of coffee which we have
lately imported is 213,000,000 pounds. But that
was consumed partly in the slave States, as well
as ill the free States; and the consumption during
these disturbances will necessarily fall off consid-
erably. Wu have supposed it would fall off some
30,000,000 pounds, which I believe to be a fair al-
lowance, leaving the supposed importation for the
future year, or while these disturbances continue,
at 183,000,000 pounds. That, at the proposed
duty of 5 cents per pound, would produce a rev-
enue of $9,150,000.
The next and only remaining considerable item
—for I do not call half a million in these times a
very large amount—is tea. The ordinaiy im-
portation of tea into this country averages about
31,000,000 pounds. 1 have supposed it would fall
off in consequence of these disturbances 6,000,000
pounds, leaving the importations for the future at
25,000,000 pounds. Upon this article the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means departed somewhat
from the bill recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury
recommended two grades of duty at 15 and 20cents
per pound. The committee have fixed a uniform
duty of 15 cents per pound. The teason which
led us to this conclusion is this: if you put 10
cents upon black tea and 15 cents upon green tea,
knowing as this House does the manner in which
business is done in our custom-houses, knowing
the frequency of custom-house oaths, and how
thin they become worn eventually, [laughter,] the
committee were afraid that if two grades of duty
were established, such distinctions would grow
up among importers that it would not be long
before neaily everything would come in under the
head of black tea, and but little be received under
the head of green tea paying the higher grade of
duty. Besides this, there is comparatively little
black tea imported in comparison with the green.
Another reason is, that Japan tea, although it is
equal ill quality and pretty much the same in flavor
with the Chinese green tea, is black in color, and
