1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
all our troubles. Now, I believe that we ought
to reduce our estimates very considerably, from
our not having the trade of these rebellious States;
and besides that, we ought to make large allow-
ances for the cconomy which is? and ought to be,
practiced by the whole American people. The
consumption must be much less, and the revenue
consequently not so large as estimated.
In reply to the gentleman from Ohio, I will say
that I should regard it as a great evil if we were
even permitted to import large quantities of mer-
chandise at the present time, because the payment
for it would diminish our means of carrying />n
the war. Why, sir, in order to get a small amount
of revenue, we have'always to carry abroad a large
amount of coin, or its equivalent, to pay for the
goods which we import; we have not only to pay
the duties, but to pay the cost abroad; and I will
say here, that I am very much obliged to the gen-
tleman and others of his party for stigmatizing
the bill passed at the last session, and for raising
a hue and cry about it, so-as to preventan enorm-
ous influx of goods. The false hue and cry has
deterred importations. At home and abroad peo-
ple have believed these were prohibitory duties,
when they were only moderate duties, to be hon-
estly collected. By these very means the people
of the United States have so husbanded their re-
sources that forp-ign coin has been tending to this
country, and will for some time yet continue to
flow in this direction, although the only articles
that we have to pay for it are what is produced in
the North and "West.
Now, Mr. Chairman,itis necessary we should
impose duties on something that will increase the
revenue. 1 am very sorry that it has been found
necessary to distmb the act of last session. But
it is necessary that we should increase our re-
sources so that capitalists may see that they are
going to be paid the interest on their advances to
the Government promptly. The proof must be
strong and palpable. I tell you, Mr. Chairman,
and 1 tell this committee, that it is not only ne-
cessary that we should pass a bill of this charac-
ter, but that it will be indispensable that we raise
other means, by internal duties, income tax, or
direct taxation, in older that we may be able* to
pay not only the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment, but pay the interest on the debt which
already exists, and on the large debt which we
propose to contract.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] has
alluded to the enormous duties which he says arc
levied on chisels. I desire to ask him what is the
enormous duty levied by this " infamous Morrill
tariff" on chisels ?
Mr. COX. 1 did not mention the late of duty
on chisels. I spoke of the duty on cutlery being
largely increased.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
mentioned the article of chisels specifically.
Mr. COX. I referred to it as an article of
cutlery.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
has, undoubtedly, got his information from the
New York papers; and they got their information
from the English papers in relation to cutlery.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I can-
not yield any further portion of my five minutes.
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that the tariff of
1861 leticsthe sameduty—no more and nol^ss—
upon chisels andruilery than did the taiiffof 1846.
It levies a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem.
In relation to screws,! have a letter here from
perhaps one of the largest dealers in this coun-
try—from a gentleman m Boston. He slates that
on the whole lie is entnely satisfied with the duty
upon this article. My own opinion is, that it is
something too high. My own opinion nlso is,
that the duty is something too high upon iron. I
would have been glad, if all the interests of the
country could have been harmonized, to have
fixed it at somewhat less.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was token upon Mr. Cox'samend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, oi Vermont. For the purpose
of enabling me to complete the remarks I intended
to make, 1 will move to reduce the duty on coffee
to 4 cents per pound.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I had hoped that the
committee would have come to the conclusion to
fix the duty at a less rate than this bill fixes it
upon coffee, and possibly a little less upon sugar,
tea, and some other articles; but the majority of
the committee, in whose judgment I ought to re-
pose more confidence than in my own, thought
differently; and 1 yield up my own judgment; and
shall vote for the bill with the amendment which
I have offered, or if it shall be rejected, without it.
It was, in my opinion, important that we should
so arrange the scale of duties that they would not
need revision at the next session of Congress. I
believe that it is of vital consequence that when a
tariff act is onet put upon our stalutes, it should
remain there permanently. Constant changc is an
American financial vice. If there is any rate of
duty fixed so high as to make it prohibitory in
its character, it certainly does not meet my ap-
proval. I am not in favor of a prohibitory duty
upon any article. Neither do i believe that the
people of this country will be willing that we
should levy a direct tax, in order that prohibitory
.duties may be maintained. And it was in order
that we might escape the labor of another revision
of the tariff'at the next session of Congress, that
I, for one, was willingto take the bill of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as the basis of our action,
amend it where it needed amendment, and fix up
the whole matter here and now, so that there
would be an end of the question for the present
at least; and this bill was identically the bill of
theTast session, except the changes for the pur-
pose of increasing the revenue and for correct-
ing verbal errois. But, sir, the Committee of
Ways and Means have thought -otherwise, and
I have no complaint to make. I am in favor of
supporting the Government, and of supporting it
efficiently. I know that if we would make our
credit, m the language of Hamilton, " immortal,"
we must levy such a tax as will pay the interest
on the public debt, meet the ordinary current ex-
penses of the Government, and provide a sinking
fund for the final extinguishment of the public
debt. I believe, therefore, it is necessary that we
should raise our scale of duties upon many arti-
cles veiy considerably, and that if they arc per-
mitted to remain as this bill fixes them, they will
produce a very considerable amount of additional
revenue, but not quite as much as we should have
raised if we had placed some of them at a lower
rate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. 3 move to amend the bill by
striking out " coffee" altogether.-
Mr. Chauman, I am m favor., as I suppose we
all are, in favor of doing any thing and e\erythmg
in our power to try to sustain the Government
fully in this emergency—produced, not as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Cox] says, by anything
this Congress did or did not do in its last session,
but by a wicked and unreasonable war made upon
the Federal Government—not by ourselves, but
by the rebels who have taken up arms againstus.
But, Mr. Chairman, the duties which this bill
proposes to levy upon coarse sugar, upon coffee,
upon tea, and upon salt, on which an increased
revenue is proposed to be raised, will be found
particularly onerous, and to weigh particularly
heavyupon the people in that pouionofthe coun-
try which I have the honor to represent.
My people are loyal; they are willing to be
taxed; but they are not willing, I am not willing,
that they should be taxed out of proportion to the
other portions of the Union. Coffee is the pi in- i
cipal article which the people in my section of the I
country find it necessary* to buy. Tea, I believe, ,
is much more used m the New England and the j
eastern States. But, sir, this bill proposes to
make coffee pay a much higher rate of duty in
proportion to its cost than tea, and therefore I say
the burdens imposed by it will fall very heavily
upon the people of the Northwest. Why, sir,
the price of the kind of coffee that is mostly used
by my constituents costs not more than 10 cents
a pound; and a tax of 5 cents in addition—of fifty
per cent upon the article—i*, it seems to me, un-
reasonable. I cannot support it. I do not deem
it necessary. I hope the Committee on Ways
and Means will bring in a bill for issuing Treas-
ury notes in sums as small as ten dollars. My
constituents would be willing to take the largest
amount of such issues their means would permit,
and I think such a course would be much prefer-
able to placing a tax upon the necessaries of life,
such as this bill levies upon coarse sugar, coffee,
and upon salt.
Mr.SPAULDING. Ifthe gentleman will allow
me, I desire to ask him if he is aware that the bill
authorizing the issue of Treasury notes in as small
sums as ten dollars has passed both Houses, and
only awaits the signature of the President to be-
come a law? •
Mr, CURTIS. Well, sir, I would be in favor
of extending the amount to whatever was neces-
sary to meet the exigencies of the Government.
That course was adopted in the Revolution, when
there was no basis for it. We now have the basis
of the Constitution for it, and I am in favor of re-
sorting to it,at whatever gain or loss,ratherthan
by the mode of taxation which this bill provides
for. I wish the members of this committee to
understand distinctly that the duties levied by this
bill upon coarse sugar, tea, coffee, and salt, will
not be sustained by their constituents, and I hope
it will not be sustained by this House. The peo-
ple of the West certainly would much prefer to
resort to some mode of taxation which would bo
more egual in its burdens upon the different sec-
tions of the country.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa. There are
one or two things which it becomes necessary to
do in this emergency in which the country is now
placed. We must either raise money by direct
taxation, or we must laisc it by additional taxes
upon imports. One of these things is an absolute
necessity, and therefore I have no hesitation in
my own mind in declaring my position to be for
increasing the rates of duties rather than by re-
sorting to direct taxation. 1 am old enough,sir,
to know the effect that direct taxation had upou
the people of this country during the war of 1812.
1 know that a more odious measure was never
adopted than that mode of raising money to pros-
ecute the war. Theic is no gentleman in this
House, even if he calls himself a free-trade man,
but will admit as a principle that there should be
a tariff laid upon imports sufficient for the support
of the Government in times of peace at least. I
would go one step further; I would say that it
ought to be a rule of imperative necessity upon
us to organize an interest fund in times of war to
meet the demands upon the Treasury. It is true
that there ought to be a judicious discrimination
as to the articles upon which we should lay
duties. They ought to bear as lightly upon the
necessaries of life as may be, consistently with
the interests of our people. 1 have no hesitation
in my own mind in voting for this tax upon coffee
and sugar. I do not regard coffee as a necessary
of life. It is one of the luxuries of life. It must
be regarded by the gentlemen upon this floor as a
luxury.
Mr. Chairman, with the little time that I have
had to bestow upon this subject, I must say that
I have no objection to the bill as it has been re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
I think that the several articles enumerated, such
as tea, molasses, sugar, and coffee, will all of
them sustain an additional tax, or rather the tax
as proposed by the committee. We of Pennsyl-
vania, who claim a protective tariff upon iron,
ought not to object to a reasonable tariff upon
articles which we do not produce ourselves. Wo
are willing to act fairly and impartially* so far as
that is concerned.
I am requested by my venerable friend from
Kentucky to inquire of the chairman of theCom-
mittse of Way? and Means, whether any addi-
tional duty is laid upon liquors?
Mr. STEVENS. I am happy to inform my
friend and others, that there is no increase of duty
on liquors. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the gentleman takes
his seat, let me propound another question to him.
Does he beheve-liquor to be a necessary of life?
Mr. STEVENS. I knew if we touched that
we could not pass any bill; and theieiore we did
not do it. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. FOUKE. What would be the amount of
revenue which would be deuved under the first
section of this bill? I put the question to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
