178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
of the Interior. The appeals that come up from
tlie Land department, that come up from the
Pension department, are enough in .the office of
the Secretary of the Interior to keep one man's
time wholly occupied in the determination of those
^appeals.
Mr FESSKNDEN. Are there any more than
there have been heretofore ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say there are any
more than there have been heretofore; but this
does not propose any increase of expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not lessen the ex-
pense ? If ygu can dispense with two clerks, why
not save their salaries, instead of increasing sala-
ries in another direction?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that for harmony
and to do justice to all these Departments, each of
them ought to have an Assistant Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not in favor of pay-
ing a man $3,000 in the present state of the Treas-
ury, merely for the sake of preserving harmony
in the Departments. If there is an assistant needed
by the Secretary of the Interior, and it is under-
stood that it is necessary, I am perfectly ready to
vote it; but when we all know and understand
that no committee whatever has investigated the
measure, and reported it as in the case of the
Army and the Navy, and when we all know that*
the business of that Department is vastly de-
creased from the very causes which haveincreased
the others, I want something more than an argu-
ment of harmony in the Departments to make an
additional officer hero.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment, to in-
sert as an additional section:
Jlnd he. it further enacted, That there lie added to the
chuioul force at the Navy Department, eight additional
clerks, Willi a saLuy of per annum.
1 will simply say that 1 have been instructed to
offer the amendment by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and it is desnod by the Secretary of the
Navy. I will also say that we have fixed the
salary lower than any of the clerks in that De-
partment. 1 believe they are all paid $1,400 or
over now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third tune, and passed.
On motion of Mr. MALE, the title was
amended so as to read: A bill authorizing the
appointmentofan Assistant Secretary of the Navy
and fixing the salary of the same, and for other
purposes.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. II ALE. There is a bill lying upon your
table, sir, reported by tlie same committee;, for
tlio better organization of the Marine Corps. I
move that that be taken up ami considered.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
]4)forthe belterorganizationof the Marine Corps
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
It provides that the Marine Corps shall consist of
the following officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and pnvntes, viz: One brigadier gen-
eral, commandant; two colonels, two lieutenant
colonels, four majors, one adjutant and inspector,
one paymaster, one quartermaster, two assistant
quartermasters, thirty captains, forty first lieuten-
ants, thirty second lieutenants, two sergeant-ma-
jors, two quartermaster sergeants, two drum-
mnjors, two principal musicians, two hundred and
forty sergeants, two hundred and seventy cor-
porals, fiity musicians for band, ninety drum-
mers, ninety fifeis, and three thousand privates.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HALE, it is hardly necessary to read
the bill; it has been read twice, and printed. Let
the amendment of the Naval Committee be read.
The Secretary read the firstamendmerit, which
was in lines live and six, to strike out the words
"one brigadier general, commandant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line eight, to strike
out the word thirty,"and insert " twenty;" so
that it will read: " twenty captains.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line nine, to strike
out the word "forty," and insert "thirty;" so
as to read: " thirty first lieutenants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in lines nine and
ten, to strike out " two sergeant majors," and
insert " o««e sergeant major."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line ten, to strike
out ^ two quartermaster sergeants," and insert
"one quartermaster sergeant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was, inline ten, to strike
out " two drum majors," and insert " one drum
major."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in lines ten and
eleven, to strike out " two principal musicians,"
and insert " one principal musician."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line eleven, to
strike out the words "and forty," before the
word " sergeant;" so as to lead; " two hundred
sergeants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line twelve, to
strikeout " two hundredandseventy,"andinsert
" two hundred and twenty;" so as to read: " two
hundred and twenty corporals."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line twelve, to
strike out " fifty," and insert "thirty;" so as to
read: " thirty musicians for band."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line thirteen, to
strike out " ninety," and insert" sixty;" so as to
read: "sixty drummers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line thirteen, to
strike out " ninety,"and insert "sixty;" so as to
read: "sixty fifers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line thirteen, to
strike out " three thousand," and insert" twenty-
five hundredso as toicad: " twenty-five hun-
dred privates."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso after the word " privates," in the thir-
teenth line, as follows:
" Piovuhih That the officers composite the stafTof the
corp-i shall, alter ten veais' service as such, in winch they
shall hoht the i.uik a^sJjjned them by the net ot' March '2,
IH17, ho promoted, the adjutant and nwpoetor, the pay-
master, and the quaitei master. lespeetively, to the rank of
lieutenant colonel, and the assistant quartermasters, re-
spectively, to the lank of major."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 endeavored to address the
Chair before the vote was taken on adopting the
last amendment. I wish the chairman of the
committee; to explain. The promotion in the
corps, I believe, is made according to the length
of service in the corps.
Mr. HALE. The amendment proposes to
stitke that out.
Mr. ANTHONY. So as to leave the promo-
tion 
Mr. HALE. So as to leave the promotion just
as it is now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am satisfied.
The next amendment was to strike out the third
section, in the following words:
Kkc 'A *1ia? he itjurther enacts!. That all acta or parts
of acts, t elating to the ollicer> or on! Med men of the Marine
Coips, not inconsistent with the piovi?ions of tins act, be,
and the ^nic <ue hereby, continued in full force and effect."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment, as an additional suction:
v.: e it fitrlhci cnartcd, Thar the appointment of com-
missioned office)•$ to he made under the piovtsions of tins
aet shall he ot pef-ons h'Mween the ages ot twenty and
uvonfy-five voai-, who -hall he -subjected, under the direc-
tion ol lite ,Se('ietai} of the jV;i\\, to examination as to then
qualifications tor the seiviee to which they are to be ap-
pointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill .
was ordered to be engrossed and r$ad the third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 17th instant, an act (S. No. 13) to provide for
the appointment of assistant paymasters in the
•Navy. r
ORGANIZATION OF THE AIIMT.
dir. Wilson, i am directed by the Commit-
tee Military Affairs, to whom was recom-
mitted Senate bill No. 3, providing for the better
organization of the military establishment, to re-
port it back, with certain amendments.
The PRESIDENT pto tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reports back a bill recommitted to
that committee, with amendments, which will be
read.
Mr. WILSON. If the Secretary will send me
back the bill, I will make an explanation of the
changes which the committee propose to make.
The tenth section of the bill, in regard to the
vacancies in the Military Academy, the commit-
tee have changed so that they shall be filled by
the President, " upon the nomination, by mem-
bers of the House o£ Representatives, of two
from each State now represented in the House.'"
This will change the appointment from the Sen-
ate to the delegation of each State m the House
of Representatives, and will give to each State
two cadetships to be filled up in that way.
An amendment was moved and adopted by the
Senate yesterday to the twentieth section of the
bill in regard to the retired list of the Army, to pay
the retired officers their pay proper, and nothing
more;, no allowance of any sort. The Senator
from Iowa suggested that there would be an in-
equality in the pay of the officer retired, and that
was the chief reason for recommitting the propo-
sition. The committee have arranged it in this
way: that if any commissioned officer shall he-
come incapable of performing the duties of his
office, he shall be placed on the retired list, and
withdrawn from active service and command and
from the line of promotion, with the following
pay, namely: major generals, $2,040; brigadier
generals, $1,488; colonels, $1,140; lieutenant col-
onels, $960; majors, $840; captains, $720; fnstlieu-
tenants, $540; second lieutenants, ^540; without
any other pay or allowances. That is the pay
proper now received by the officers of the infantry
and artillery. It is the full pay proper of these
officers, without any emoluments, and according
to the proposition made by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] yesterday, which was sustained
by Ihe Senate. This equalizes all the officers,
and places officers of engineers, artillery, and in-
fantry, on the same footing, and docs away with
the objection, made by the Senator from Iowa, of
inequality.
The committee propose to change the twenty-
eighth section in regard to the retired officers of
the Navy, by striking out the words " leavc-of-
absencc pay he was entitled to at the time of such
retirement, "and inserting the words" pay allowed
by this act."
In the twenty-ninth section,thecomrnittec pro-
pose to insert, after the word " promotion," in
line six, these words:
With the following pay. nainelv: captain*? in the Navv,
£1,300; commander in the Navy, £1.100 j lieutenant** in
the Navy. £1.000; suiseons, rankni" with captains >*1,^00 
with commando:-, with lieutenants, fci.OOU ; pay-
master, ) an king with c aptiuns, 51.900, \> iiii comma tide r&,
$'1,100, with lieutenants, yl.000; elnet enouicei-, $1,000;
fn-t assistant ensrineeis, #700; second a—is tan t e ispneeis,
.^oOO; and thud assistant engineers, $400 ; ma^teis, $100;
passscd midshipmen, ,^350; without anyothci pay or allow-
ance. Captains-, commandeis. ami lieutenant-, now on the
retired listot the Navy, shall receive the same compensa-
tion and no gieatei than is allowed to the otiicois of the
same rank hy the ptovKiun? of this, aet.
The officers that have been retired heretofore
receive a larger pay than we propose to give offi-
cers retired by this act; this proposition places all
the officers who are or may be tetired on the same
footing. Other slight changes have been made in
the bill, but they aie merely verbal.
_ The Senator fiom Maine [Mr. Fessendex ] de-
sires to know what change we have made in the
section relating to the Military Academy. The
committee repoit this change: that, instead of the
appointments to lill vacancies being made by the
President on the recommendation of Senators,
they shall be made by the President on the rec-
ommendation of the members of the House of
Representatives from the States represented ill
Congress. It leaves the matter lo be settled by
