.1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
the delegations of the several States in the House
of Representatives, and relieves Senators from
any connection with the matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The several
amendments reported to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs will bo read and considered in order.
The fiist amendment reported will now be read.
Mr. RICE. 1 rise to what I believe is a priv-
ileged question. I call the attention of the chair-
man to pages 14 and 15of the printed bill. There
are some amendments there which he has not
mentioned or explained.
Mr. "WILSON. I stated that they were chiefly
verbal amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will all
be considered in their order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs a ques-
tion in regard to the appointment of cadets.
What is to be done in cases where States have no
representation on the floor of the House by rea-
son 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California will suspend his remarks until the
amendments reported by the committee have been
read. The Secretary will read them in theirordcr.
The Secretary read the first amendment, to
insert as section one the following:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and conscnt ol the Senate,
an officer in the War Department, to be callcd the Assist-
ant Seerotaiy of Wai, whose salary shall be $3,000 per an-
num, payable in the same manner as that of the Secretary
oi Wai, who shall perloim ail «uch duties in the office of
the Km rotary of War, belonging to that Department, as
shall he prescribed by the Secretary of War, or as may be
requited by Jaw.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
two:
Hec 2. Jin A be it further enacted. That the President be,
and is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the ad-
vice and ewnsrnt ol the donate, in addition to the number
auihotr/cil by evicting laws and regulation, eight assistant
adjutants geneial, six conunissanes of subsistence, four
quaitermastejs and twenty assistant quartermasters, ten
surgeons and twenty assistant smgeons, to have the pay,
lank, and allowances, and perform the dutie*, ot similar
officers in the piesent rmlitaiy establishment, and to hold
their oft}ce-> for three years, unless sooner dischaiged.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to the question of inspectors of the Army.
We have appointed a great number of staff offi-
cers, but I believe there are no inspectors pro-
vided for. The Army of the United States now
has two. One of them is a very old man, and 1
think unable to perform the duties of his place;
the/other is a new man, just appointed; how effi-
cient he may be, I do not know. But, if I un-
derstand the detail of the Army and the duty that
is incumbent upon the respective officers, there is
no more important office connected with the Army
than its inspector. It is his business, as I under-
stand it, to go round to these camps, to look into
the police ofthc camp,to see what is the condition
of the Army; and if they are improperly treated,
to cause a change to be made, and if it is not
speedily made to report to a supeiior commander,
who will see that it is made. They are estab-
lished in the Army for the protection of the Army,
to inspect the men, to inspect their transportation,
to inspect the provisions, to inspect the redoubts
they may throw up, and to report generally to the
commanding officers in what condition he may
find them, and to gee that everything is conducted
according to the rules of war, for the best inter-
ests of the country, and for the health and con-
tentment of the men.
Now, we have not any such officers provided
in this bill. We have only one inspector in the
Army; and if we are going to increase the corps,
it seems to me there are no more important offi-
cers to be created than these. It occurs to me
that this subject may have been enthely over-
looked. I do not wish to interfere any further
with the Senator's bill; but I am afraid that this
matter has been overlooked, and that we shall do
injustice to the Army, to the men, and to the
countiy, by not providing some officers who will
have the general supervision of the condition of
the men and of the condition of transportation
and provisions, and who can teportto command-
ers of detachments, or to their superiors, in case
they find that anything is wrong.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa, of course, does not require to be in-
formed by the Chair that it is competent for him
to move an amendment to that effect, after the
amendments reported by the committee shall have
been considered.
Mr. GRIMES. The reason why I suggest it
is, that we are acting on that section now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator move an amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Wo, sir; I do not wish to in-
terfere with the Senator's bill any further. I only
wish to call his attention to this point, and m
connection with this question, when he is appoint-
ing these staff officers.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
three, the following:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enactcd, That there shall be
added to each of the'eorps of engmeen and topographical
cnginecis, and to the ordnance department, three first and
three second lieutenants, to be piomoted theieto in accord-
ance with the existing laws and Regulations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
four:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the corps of engunjiprs tlnee companies of engineer
sohlieis, to be commanded by appropriate officers of &aid
coips, to have the same pav and rations, clothing, and
other allowances, and be entitled to the same benefits, in
every respect, as the company created by the act fot the
organization of a company of sappcis and miners and pon-
tonieis, apptoved IMav 1G, J646. The said three companies
shall be subject to the rules and aiticles of war; shall be
reciuited in the same inannei and with the same limitation ;
shall be mstiueted ui ami peilonn the same duties, and be
liable to setve in the same way, and shall have; then vehi-
cles, pontons, tools, implement"-, aims, ami other.supplies,
regulated in the same, maimer as the existing engineer com-
pany ; and each ot the lotn companies of engineer soldieis
shall hereafter be composed ot ten setgeaiits, tencoipoials,
two musicians, sixty i<>m puvates of the fust clans, oi ar-
tificer, and sixty-foui puvates of the second class—in all
one hundred and hity men each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
five:
Sue. o. Jliul be it further cnactcd, That there be added
to the medical staff of the Army a eotp i of medical eadet>,
whose duty it shall be to act at diessers in the general hos-
pital-; and as ambulance attendants in the field, under the
duection and contiol of the medical officers alone. They
shall have the same lank anil pay as the military cadets at
West Point. Their number shall be regulated by the exi-
gencies of the semee, at no time to exceed fifty. It shall
be composed of young men of liberal education, students of
medicinc, between the nge> of' eighteen and twenty-thice,
who have been reading medicine ioi two years, and attended
at )ea<t one couise of Icetmcs m a medical college. They
shall enlist foi one ve;u, and be subject to the rules?and ar-
ticles ot war. (jti tin* 1 nit {lay ot the la^t month of their
service the neat approach of their discharge shall be repoited
to the tfuigeon Geneial, in oulei, if desiicd, that they may
be relieved by anothci detail of applicants.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section six:
Src. 6. Jind be il fmthtr enacted. That m general or per-
manent hospitals female nuises may be .substituted lor >ol-
dieis, when, in the opinion of the Surgeon Geneialor med-
ical officer m ehaige, it is- expedient to do so ; the number
of female muse** to l>e indicated by the Suigeon General or
surgeon in ehaige of the hospital. The nurses so employed
to )#eeive fotty cent* a day and one ration in kind, or by
commutation, in lieu of all emoluments except uaiisporta-
tion in kind.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as section
seven:
>Skc. 7. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That one chaplain
shall he allowed to each Moment ot the Aimy, to be se-
lected and appointed as the President may dneet: Prondcd,
That none but legulailv ordained ministers ot some Chris-
tian denomination shall be eligible to belection or appoint-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to amend that section
by adding after the word " direct," these words:
" and that he be authonzed to appoint one chap-
lain for two brigades, when the necessity of the
service shall, in his opinion, require it." 1 will
slate the reason why I offer the amendment. The
Secretary of War called on me lust night, and
said Uwasveiy important that this should be
done: that there were a few brigades that required
it. Since this bill was leported to the Senate, I
have had a coll from gentlemen interested in this
matter, who say they would not ask it for every
brigade, but it is desirable tiiat the President
should have the power to make such appoint-
ments for two, if he sees lit. There are a large
number of Catholics in all the regiments, and
unless those regiments he entirely of Catholics,
or neatly so, they have Protestant chaplains. It
was thought by the Secretary of War and by
those interested that, if the Secretary of War or
the President could be authorized to appoint a
few Catholic clergymen to meet the wants of the
members of these regiments who are Catholics,
it would be beneficial to the service of the coun-t
try; and for that purpose I propose to add these
words authorizing the President, in cases where
he thinks the public good will be promoted by it,
to add a chaplain for two brigades. Every regi-
ment, as now provided for, is to have a chaplain,
but that does not meet the wants of the Catholics
who are members of those regiments* They de-
sire that in a brigade, or two brigades, or three
brigades, there may be a Catholic clergymen as-
sociated with them, with whom they have sym-
pathy and a common belief. That is the propo-
sition. If the Senate chooses to take it, very well;
if not, they can vote it down.
Mr. TEN' EYCK. I wish to say a word on
this proposition. I advocated the other day a
proposition allowing the highest pay to the chap-
lains; but it appeared by a calculation made by
the Senator from Ohio, that if five hundred regi-
ments were called into the field, the salaries of
these chaplain's would amount to about nine hun-
dred thousand dollars a year. If this amendment
be adopted, according to that calculation, the in-
crease of pay to these chaplains will be over one
hundred thousand dollars a year in addition. It
will take a million a year, provided the whole of
the regiments contemplated are called out. I have
no objection to an arrangement by which gentle-
men believing in the Roman faith should bo em-
ployed as chaplains. 1 think it would be highly
important and proper; and I would desire that
those who believe in that faith should be minis-
tered to by chaplains of their own persuasion.
Such a thing can be done as the law now is; be-
cause I know that, in one of the regiments, a
highly respectable gentleman of the Catholic faith,
the son of a distinguished prelate, is now acting
as chaplain; but in the economical point of view
cited upon us the other day, I beg leave to sub-
mit these remarks.
Mr. WILSON. I have no idea, if this amend-
ment is adopted, that it will require the appoint-
ment of half a dozen men. It may be that half a
dozen chaplains may be appointed to meet the
wants and requirements of the service; but if Sen-
ators think the amendment will add to the ex-
penses of the Government—and that is a serious
objection with them, they can vote the proposi-
tion down.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendmentofthe committee was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
committee, as follows:
Inseit, as section eight:
.And be iljvrther enacted, That existing vacancies at the
Military Academy, liom congressional districts where theie
have been failures to make nomination* according to the
provision*? of existing laws, shall be supplied by the Piesi-
dent upon the nomination by members* of the ilouse of
Kepi csentatives li om such States as are represented m Con-
gress : Provided, That hut two cadets shall be appointed
from any one State; and that such cadets shall be actual
residents of the ^tate from which they are nominated, and
shall have the qualifications for admission to the Military
Academy as are now icijuired for appointments ftom con-
cessional districts and at laige. And no cadet, who shall
henwftei be repoited as deficient, either in conduct or
.studies, and le.coinmended to be discharged fiom the Acad-
emy, shall he returned or reappointed, oi appointed to any
place in the Aimy before his ela-s shall have left the Acad-
emy and leceivod their commissions, unless upon the lec-
ommeuduton ot the academic board of the Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
" by members of the House of Representatives,"
and insert the words " by the Governors of the
respective States." The reasons I will briefly
state; they appear to me, on reflection, to be very
sound ones. There has been difficulty always
about the appointment of cadets where they have
been appointed by Representatives. It has been
a very invidious task; and of necessity it leads to
favoritism, and runs somewhat into politics in
almost all cases. I am very glad, exceedingly
rejoiced, that the committee, on consideiation,
have struck out the clause giving these appoint-
ments to the Senators; for, if there was anything
I dreaded, it was to have the responsibility of
appointing a cadet; but I think it will be still bet-
ter to adopt my amendment, and let these appoint-
ments be made by the Governors of the States.
Theic seems to be a propriety in it. In the first
place, in all the States the Governor is command-
