180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•July 18,,
er-in-chief of the militia of the State. ' He is ne-
cessarily connected with the military to a very
great degree, so far as the State is concerned. In
the next place, the Governor would have the very
best opportunity to select the best candidates for
the office, because it would be perfectly easy for
him to have an examination of them, with refer-
ence to their capacity and their qualities gener-
ally. A Senator or Representative has no such
opportunity, and can have none. He has only
one to appoint; he may have twenty or thirty
applications. He cannot appoint a commission
to examine %he several candidates who apply to
him; and his decision must necessarily be gov-
erned very much by local or personal considera-
tions, even when most honestly exercised; whereas
the Governor of a State,if it was leftto him, could
very easily direct that all the applicants for the
cadetship should assemble at the capital of the
State, or such place as he sawfitto designate, and
subject ihem to an examination as to their phys-
ical, intellectual, and moral qualities. In that
way, with the responsibility resting upon him
before the public, the result, in my judgment,
would be that the very best selections would be
made, or would be likely to be made, in all cases.
At any rate, the chance of making good selections
would be very-much increased, as ! think; at the
same time that the mere patronage of the thing
was taken away from Representatives and Sen-
ators. This bill, to be sure, goes no further than
the two now to be appointed from each State; but
if it works well, as I believe it will, 1 hope it will
lead to a change of the system entirely, which
has been, in many instances, a bad one; for we
know the fact that not one half of those who are
recommended by Representatives, and enter in a
class, get through; and it is owing to, or a neces-
sary consequence of, the mode in which they are
selected, because the Representative can know
nothing of the person except what is derived from
partial friends. I think there should be a com-
mission in all cases; and if you give the power to
the Governors, each State being interested m it,
and it being considered a matter of State pride to
bb well represented at the Military Academy by
their first men, 1 believe that the character of the
institution and the ehaiacter of the graduates will
be very much improved by it. I therefore move
this amendment.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, at which the Senate
assigned a special order for consideration, it is
incumbent on the Chair, under the rules of the
Senate, to call up that resolution for considera-
tion. The joint resolution (S. No. 1) to appi ovo
and confirm certain acts of the President of the
United States for suppressing insurrection and
rebellion, is before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, I move to lay aside that joint
resolution for a short time, for the purpose of
going on and finishing this bill. If it is not through
within half an hour, i will give way to the Sen-
ator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the special order can be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. BAYARD. I would prefer to have it go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Delaware
says he would prefer to have the joint resolution
go over until to-morrow; and for that purpose I
move to assign it for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I feel so oppressed that I
would rather defer it, if that is the pleasure of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the joint resolu-
tion be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Maine to the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Maine :
will accept this as part of the amendment, I shall
offer it; otherwise I suppose it will not be in
order:
And that such appointments shall be made after a public
examination of all the applicants of suitable age witlnn the
State, proper notice of the time and place of examination
being previously given.
Leaving the details entirely to the Governors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that, except that it would be, perhaps, imposfng
an obligation and not leaving it to their discretion;
but if it is satisfactory to the Senator, I have no
objection to that. That is my design, and I will
accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Rhode Island as ptu t of his amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that amendment will
not be adopted. It may do very well in the State
of Rhode Island; but I can assure the Senator the
army of applicants in Ohio would not be less than
thirty or forty thousand, and that would be too
many young men to withdraw from the schools
and collect together for this examination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better leave my
amendment as it was first proposed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we can turn out as
many applicants in Rhode Island as Ohio. The
examination would be confined to very few; the
gieat mass of applicants would be manifestly im-
proper, and would not be examined at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of tlfe Senator from Maine
to the amendment of the Committee on Military
A flairs.
Mr. HARRIS. I had not intended to interfere
fuiiher with this matter of appointing cadets. 1
despair, myself, of being able to get ft m a shape
which will do anything like justice to the differ-
ent Slates. I do not like this proposition ot the
Committee on Military Affairs, and with some
hesitation I rise to express the injustice, perhaps
I should say inequality, which is so apparent on
the face of the proposition. It is proposed to have
an election of two cadets from each State by the
members of the House of Representatives, and
then it is proposed by the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Maine, that it shall be trans-
ferred to the Governor. Now, sir, I represent a
State composed of four millions of people, and it
is virtually, so far as this privilege is concerned,
depriving that State of its representation in the
Academy. Two cadets to be appointed by the
Governor from that State, where i have a list of
more than one hundred applicants for positions in
that school! To give two cadets under these cir-
cumstances to that State, is virtually depuving it
of its fair share of patronage. To put us on an
equality with the States of Delaware and Rhode
Island—I mean no disrespect—certainly the rep-
resentatives of those Suites will sec its injustice
towards us. 1 do not expect to change the views
of Senators here on this subject, but I feel bound
to call the attention of the Senate to this gross in-
equality.
Mr. WILSON. This matter of filling some
fifty or sixty vacancies in the Military Academy
has cost me, and the committee of winch 1 am a
member, a vast amount of labor. We at first
made the only fair proposition that we have made,
and that was that the President of the United States
should fill these vacancies from the districts^or
fiom the country at large. That came into the
Senate, and Senators would not trust the Pres-
ident to fill the vacancies from the districts that
' have failed to have them filled, or from the coun-
try at large; and to accommodate Senators that
was stricken out, and then the matter was referred
to Senators. They were to fill the vacancies, and
appoint two from each State. That did not suit
Senators. Then it is proposed that the Govern-
ors of the States shall fill the vacancies, and that
does not suit Senators heie. Sir, nothing will suit
Senators. Now, I am willing to abandon the
whole thing, and let the Military Academy bo
unfilled. It is a small matter, anyhow. The
interest of that institution requires that the vacan-
i cies should be filled. 1 have no doubt upon that
point. We have tried four ways, and nobody is
suited. It seems to me it would have been a
small matter to allow the President of the United
States to fill these vacancies, or to allow the Sen-
ators to fill them, or the Governor, or the Repre-
sentatives. The provision applies only to existing
vacancies. I am witling, however, to strike out
all in regard to it—let the matter go over to another
year, and let the vacancies exist m the mean time,
or let a remedy be applied by some other bill.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am sorry that
my friend from Massachusetts has grown impa-
tient about this matter. I know the diligence
with which he has labored to perfect this bill, and
I know the earnest desire he has had to have the
vacancies in the Military Academy supplied. &
have generally agreed with him in his views. I
do now. My own opinion is, that he had it right
in the first instance; I have not a doubt about it.
It is the right thing to leave the appointment of
cadets to fill these vacancies to the President. We
have confidence in him. We know he will dis-
charge the trust faithfully, and he can equalize
these appointments among the different States, so
as to do justice. Then the State of New Yoik
will be represented. I have no fear that the Presi-
dent will ignore New York. I have no appre-
hension but that he will do us justice, and I have
no desire that he should do us more than justice.
I would wish, if Senators would allow it to be
done, that we should go back to the first proposi-
tion, as it was recommended by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs,and authorize
the President, by a provision in this bill, to fill the
; existing vacancies. I suppose no gentleman has
any apprehension that the President will do any-
thing wrong about this. It is a temporary matter.
We hope it is a thing that will never exist after
that, but that the States now unrepresented will
be restored to the Union, and that they will take
their place and have their share in the patronage
ot this Government. It is only with a view to fill
existing vacancies; and it seems to me greatly to
be desired that the President should be allowed to
fill these vacancies without any of the congres-
sional machinery that has been proposed here.
Mr. WADE. I move to strike out the tenth
section of the bill. I can see no very particular
reason for having it there. It is only for this oc-
casion that provision is to be made. If we suc-
ceed in suppressing the insurrection, as we expect,
the old law will take its course and be as good, at
all events, as it ever was. I do not think any
legislation on the subject is wanted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
moves to strike out this section from the bill. Be-
fore that motion can be put, however, the section
is open to modification, to amendment, to perfec-
tion; and the first question to be entertained and
passed upon is the motion of the Senator from
Maine, as an amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i look upon this matter
in a little different light from that in which it seems
to be looked upon by my friends around me. In
the first place, I do not think it worth while for
us to get impatient about it. We have not had
half as many propositions about this as we have
had about the Pacific railroad, and we have come
a good deal nearer to it. It is important that these
vacancies should be filled. To that all agree. If
it is important, let us do it in some way or other.
Mr. WADE. I do not agree to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Substantially all of us
do. I know the Senator from Ohio has his pecu-
liar views about this institution. He thinks com-
manders are born, not made. I do not. I think
they are made; I think education is necessary.
As a general rule, we think it is necessary to fill
these vacancies. The question arises, how shall
it be done?
What will be the result if the President fills
them? My friend from New York has fore-
shadowed what the result will be. New York
will claim a number in proportion to her popula-
tion; and he thinks he will stand a chance then to
get what he calls justice; that is, instead of get-
ting two to each State, New Yoik will have more
than any other State. That would be very dis-
agreeable to all the rest of us; and whether the
President did it or not, to leave him the power
will expose him to be annoyed with arguments
and solicitations upon that very point, and he will
have more trouble and annoyance in reference to
that very thing than he can calculate upon at
present.
What next? The next thing will be that he
would have a large list of names presented from
which to select. How can he select? He will
not see the applicants? he will not know who
they are; he will not know what their qualifica-
tions are. There will be presented to him a list
of recommendations got up by friends, as there
are for every other office, certificates from A, B,
C, D, E, and F; and when the cadet comes to get
to his post,-the chance is quite even, to say the
