1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
least of it, that he will be entirely unfit to be
there.
Besides all that, we shall have the annoyance
ourselves of being obliged to look after the appli-
cations, whatever they may be; have a contest
with the Representative of every district in our
State* Each district will say it ought to have one,
and the Senators must go and argue that question,
and spend time that can be better employed iu
attending to our duties here. That will be the
result of it. We are only bringing upon ourselves
this everlasting trouble about applications for
office of persons of whom we know nothing, and
can know nothing, for the reason that on paper
all men look alike. So it is with the Represent-
atives; so it will be if wc appoint them, of neces-
sity, for we cannot make any examination of
them. If you take my proposition, as I said be-
fore, you place the responsibility where it prop-
erly belongs. They come from tjie States, and
they represent the States. It is intended that the
students shall represent the States. The Gov-
ernor has the power and the time to take the list
of applicants, whoever they; are, and tell them to
appear before him at a particular place, if he sees
fit to do so; at any rate, the responsibility will be
with him, and that is what he would naturally
do. He can make a selection "after the examina-
tion, and he is the only one that can. He is the
only officer on whom you can devolve it that can
make this examination, and sec that these ap-
pointments are right in the first place. That is
the advantage of the proposition; and the more I
reflect on it, the better I am satisfied with it, as a
solution of the difficulty. It will save us and the
Representatives and the President from going at
this matter hap-hazard, and probably doing it
wrong. That is the simple argument of the ques-
tion. I do not wish to occupy time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Ohio will prevail, and the section be
stricken out. I see no immediate necessity for an
increa.se of the cadets at West Point over the pres-
ent number. At Hie close of tins war, if it shall
terminate as we expect it will, we shall have a
large number of officers well educated—much bet-
ter educated than the graduates from West Point,
They will have been educated in the field, m front
of the enemy; and many of them will be seeking
positions in the Army, If we should make these
appointments now, it will have no effect whatever
on the present difficulties. These boys will spend
five.years at West Point, and then take their com-
missions as second lieutenants. I hope that the
motion will prevail, and that no increase will be
made at this time, i see no necessity for it. The
law is very well as it stands, and had better re-
main as it is, in my opinion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
New York [Mr. Harris] does not manifest his
usual liberality in the objections which he raises.
There is very little of our legislation, very little
of the patronage of our Government, in which the
Federal chn racter of the Go vernmentis recognized.
Almost everything is based upon population.
These vacancies are accidental; they will no! oc-
cur again; and, if they arc to be filled at all, I
think it would be only a graceful thing on the
part of the Senators from the larger States to allow
us, for oncp, to have the same representation there
that we have in this body. AH the rest of the
time, and for all the future, we shall only have
the representation which we have 111 the othei
House.
The PRESlDENT;)?*o tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine, to the amendment of the committee.'
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 1G, noes 22.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And he it further cnacled. That existing vacancies at the
Military Aoadi'iny fiom congressional districts whete tlicic
have been lailutes to make nominations accoidmg to the
ptoviMon?. of existing law-, shall be supplied by the ric&i-
dent upuii the nomination by membeis of the House of j
Representatives from Mich States a«i are represented in
Congress: Provided, That but two cadets shall be ap-
pointed l'roni any one State, and that Mich cadets shall be
actual lesidento of the ritate lioui which they me nominated,
and shall have the qualifications lor admission to the Mil-
itaiy Academy as aie now leqmrcd for appointment fiom
concessional districts and at large. And no cadet, who
shall hereafter be reported as deficient, either in conduct
or studies, ajid recommended to be discharged fiom the
Academy, shall he returned or reappointed,'or appointed
to any place in the At niv befoie his class shall have leit the
Academy and received their c(imiitw ioti<, unless upon the
recommendation of the academic board cf tlie Academy.
_ Mr. HARRIS. I do not mean to take up the
time of the Senate further with this matter, and
yet J really hope this amendment will not pre-
vail. I would \ery much prefer that it should be
left as it was in the bill before. It may do very
well in small States; the Senators from Rhode
Island may prefer that the members of the House
from Rhode Island should make those appoint-
ments rather than to malcfc them themselves. That
is a matter of taste, orperhapsof choice; I do not
know how that may be; but when you take a large
State,like the State of New York, you must have
a sort of town meeting of the members of the
House of Representatives to elect those two ca-
dets; and you will not get them together at all,
except when they happen to be here during the
session. If this session should close and they
should happen not to make a nomination, New
York would go unrepresented.
Besides, these members have their appoint-
ments. Eacli member of the House has the ap-
pointment of a cadet under the law as it now
exists. That is enough, and that is well enough.
Now, sir, whilst I do not desire—it would cer-
tainly be an invidious task—the privilege of mak-
ing a nomination, yet I would very muc!> prefer
to exercise that privilege, or that duty, if it be
such, rather than to leave it, with respect to my
State, to the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I apprehend tln> effect would be to
leave New Yoik unrepiesentcd.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to raise the question
whether the power shall be delegated to members
of the House of Representatives or members of
the Senate. I prefer to have it here, i never had
a bit of patronage m my life, but I should like to
have the appointment of one cadet befoie I leave
the Senate. I agiee with the Senator from New
York we can do it better than the members of the
other House. There is one young man whom I
should like to appoint to a plap.e as cadet. I do
not know him; but 1 have heard of him, and I
want to appoint him. I shall vote against this
proposition to give this power to the meinbcrsof
the other 1 louse.
Mr. THOMSON". I am very glad indeed that
I have not the privilege of appointing a cadet. I
make no objection to that; but I desire to move
an amendment in the twelfth and thirteenth lines
of the tenth section. As the section now stands,
it reads thus:
" And no eajjet who shall heicaftci he leported de-
ficient, either in conduct or studies, and j'erommended to
be dtschaiged fiom the Academy, shall be ictuiiied," &c.
I move to insri t the woids " who lias been or,"
before " shall hereafter be;" for I know theie are
some of that kind.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee, as
amended.
M r. BINGHAM. Will the. President be good
enough to have it read ?
The PI! ESI DENT pro tempore. It will be road.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not insist upon Us be-
ing rend. I wish to understand if this proposes
to give the appointment to membeis of the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then T do not ask it to be
read. I think that will prove impracticable. The
State of Michigan has four members of the House
of P^presentatives. This amendment proposes
to gn'o them the appointment of two cadets at
West Point. I think every member would ask,
demand, and insist upon an appointment from Ins
district, and tln-ie could not be a majouty of them
got for any single one. I think it will piove im-
practicable.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not all. Take, for
instance, the State of Illinois. In the year that
the Congress ceases, on the 4th of March, those
members of Congress will not meet, until they
meet (if they happen to be reelected) here in
Washington the succeeding December, in the
mean time, however, the academic year com-
mences at West Point, in September. You have
got to require these members of Congress to meet
together in a general assembly somewhere itt Illi-
nois, and travel three or four hundred miles to
reach that meeting, in order to select these two
cadets at large. It will never be carried into
effect in the world; it is utterly impracticable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not exactly under-
stand it as the gentleman does. I take it for
granted, all we are voting on now relates to ex-
isting vacancies, and nothing else. Thus it will
have nothing to do with calling them together
hereafter, or with vacancies thatari§c hereafter.
I undeistand that this is not to nullify at all the
standi ng law for the appointment of cadets; it does
not affect that. It is nothing but a special law for
this special occasion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I so understand it. I intend
to vote against this amendment with a view of
having the appointments made by Senators, in-
stead of members of the House of Representa-
tives; and I take it, if we reject this, that wilt
come up next.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Chair if the amend-
ment of the committee has not been adopted? I
understand that it has been.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote has
not yet been taken on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is subject to amendment;
and if it be in order, I move to strike out" the
members of the House of Representatives," and
inseit " Senators."
Mr. WILSON. I think that would not be in
order. The original proposition is an amend-
ment, and the report of the committee is an amend-
ment to this amendment; and the question before
the Senate is, whether we will strike out of the
original amendment the words " Senatorf," and
insert " members of the House of Representa-
tives." That is the direct question before tho
Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I shall vole against
this; I do not care how wc get at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is oil the amendment, as reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS. Do 1 understand that if this
amendment is rejected, it will leave the section
providing for the nomination of these cadets by
Senators.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] to strike out the whole sec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to spare the second clause of the section. That
clause provides that when a cadet has conducted
himself improperly and been dismissed, he shall
not be bi ought back there by the will of a Secre-
tary of War. The last Secretary of War abused
this privilege in a manner that would disgrace
anybody but that offiecr; but, as he could not be
disgraced by any act, he simply injured the in-
stitution. I hope the Senator will spare that por-
tion of the section. It is very important.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to accept that qual-
ification. 1 do not wish to destroy the cautions
against restoring incompetent persons.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I wish to understand
whether, by the rules of the Senate, it be nor pos-
sible to recur to the original section as it was first
reported, leaving the whole matter to the Presi-
dent? It seems to me, after this discussion, that
will be the most convenient way of disposing of
the subject. If that can be done by any means,
I think''it would meet the views of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose it is competent for
the Senatorfrom California to move to amend the
first pait of this section.
Mi. MeDOUGALL. 1 will move thatamead-
ment, so that the bill shall stand as it was origin-
ally r^poited in this respect, leaving the appoint-
ing power to the Piesident, from the District or
from the States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The bill, as origin-
ally reported, gave to the President the power to
appoint fifty cadets, and fill the vacancies now in
the institution 
Mr. MeDOUGALL. That is the amendment
I propose.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. It gave to the Sena-
torg, in addition, the power of naming one each.
