1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1'88
iion 0115(100117 upon such proposition as shall be
made. The question is upon the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, to strike out the first portion
which has been read, of the section indicated.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now com-
petent to move to insert any proposition that any
Senator may sec fit to do.
Mr. WILSON. To reach the views expressed
by thcSenator from Virginia and the Senator from
Michigan, I will renew the motion I made, with
aslightmodification, inserting the words " by ap-
pointments from those districts, or from the State
at large." That will leave the President to make
the appointments from the congressional districts
of the States now represented, or from the State
at large.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have token no part in
this discussion, over what has been denominated
by the Senator from Now Hampshire the spoils
of the spoiled States. I thought myself that the
motion of the Senator from Ohio was a good one
to get rid of tins thing; but of all the propositions
that have been submitted, I do think this is the
last that ought to have been submitted, or that
ought to be adopted.
This is a proposition to authorize somebody to
go mousing about in the State of South Carolina,
and these other States, to see if he can find some-
body to educatc at the public expense at West
Point. That is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the recommendation
of the Senators,
Mr, TRUMBULL. No, sir, on the recom-
mendation of no Senator. The proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts is to authorize
the President of the United States to appoint a
cadet at West Point fiom the Chaileston district
and from the district of Mobile; and if he can find
nobody there that will accept an appointment to
be educated at West Point at the public expense,
it is his duty to go hunting him up, under the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts;
and if he cannot find any one in the district, he
appoints anywhere in the State. If, forsooth, he
cannot find a boy in the Charleston district whom
he would educate at West Point, then he is to
find him anywhere that he can in South Carolina;
und no doubt lie will find somebody, who happens
to be abroad perhaps, from the State of South
Carolina, in Europe or elsewhere, who will think
" this is a good opportunity to have my son edu-
cated, and 1 wiil tender him to the President, and
send him to West Point at the public expense."
Of all propositions, I am the least willing to vote
'for that, i have no idea of authorizing anybody
to go on a hunting cxcuision into these disloyal
districts to see if he cannot find some person there
to send to West Puint. This amendment does
not authonze what my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Simmons] seems to suppose; he will never
get his boy in; he does not belong, thank God,
to a seceded State. I know he does not; then I
am sure he will never get him in. This is simply
a proposition for the President to fill up vacancies
from the disloyal districts and Suites. I think
we had better wait until these disloyal districts are
represented by somebody who knows the people
there and can recommend a suitable person. I
hope this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it was not my
proposition to send the President upon a roving
mission into South Carolina or any other State.
My proposition was to permit the Senators on this
floor to nominate m their States; and I named the
Senators from Virginia, and likewise the Senator
from Tennessee. i\Iy idea was that they should
make the nominations to the President, and that
so fast as representatives came upon this floor
from the seceded States, they should have power
and authority to recommend from their own States
to the President, and that he should appoint. I
certainly never intended to send him on a roving
commission all over creation to look up somebody
that he nu^ht educate at the public expense; and
I will not vote for that.
* Mr. WILSON. I think we have "much ado
about nothing" in this body; and I do not wish
to prolong a contest that seems to me to make the
Senate ridiculous. We have had a dozen prop-
sitions, and everybody has something of his own.
Every one has a proposition of his own, but no-
body seems to be willing to agree to anything;
and so I suppose the institution will go unfilled.
We had an appeal just now in favor of giving to
the seceded States the right to fill up this institu-
tion. The original proposition was that the Pres-
ident should fill the vacancies from the districts
and from the country at large. I thought that
right, but the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Car-
lile] wanted those States to be represented there,
to have the appointments confined to those States;
and the argument of the Senator from Michigan
[Mr.CHANDi.ER] was in the same direction. Now
the Senator from Illinois thinks we ought not to
send the President on a roving commission.
Why, sir, pass the section which I propose, and
I take it it will amount to this: that the President
of the United States, upon proper representations,
would send to that institution from each district
unrepresented a good man if he could find him;
if not, he would find some such person in the
State; and if he did not find any such person in
the State, he would make no nomination at all.
There is no difficulty jn some of the States. Per-
haps in South Carolina, and in Florida, and a few
of those States, there would be difficulty. I should
look at a candidate from South Carolina several
times before I would put him in the institution,
and 1 think the President will; but if Senators do
not wish this, 1 will withdraw the amendment
and leave the matter.
Several Senators. No; let us vote.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to say n single
woid. Outside of South Carolina, there is not
now, and there never was, a majority of the people
of any State m favor of this rebellion. A majority
of the people of all the States outside of South
Carolina are yet loyal; and even in South Carolina
there is a very large minority to-day, and that
minority is increasing, and will continue to in-
crease, and the time is not far distant when by
overwhelming majorities in all these States, they
will be in favor of the United States of America
under its old and glorious Constitution; and, sir,
in any kind of legislation that we may enter upon
on this floor, I do not admit for a moment that
any Suite of this Union is to be put under the
ban.
Sir, I stand for the proposition and upon the
ground suggested by the Senator from Michigan.
The State of South Caiohnahas her lights in this
Union, and so have the loyal people of that State.
So have they m every other State. 1 am willing
that the children of the loyal people of those States
should have the advantage of education in the
military schools ofthe United States, and therefore
it is my deliberate conviction that the proposition
as introduced by the Senator fioni Massachusetts
as chairman ot the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in the beginning is substantially the true
proposition on this subject, if we are to haveany
at all; and that is, that the President appoint from
those districts, if there he no representation from
those districts in the House of Representatives;
and if he cannot find men in the districts that
are worthy of the appointment, and loyal to the
Union, let him make the appointments in the States
at large. I have no doubt, sir," that there are loyal
nu n m South Caiohna to-day, and their number
will be increasing, and increasing very fast for
the next six months to come.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Picsident, I will venture
to submit a proposition which, it seems tome,
after this discussion, will meet the views of Sen-
ators. 1 agree with much that has been said in
respect to the rights of the seceded States, and I
should be glad to see loyal representatives from
those States m the Military Academy; but 1 have
no doubt, and 1 apprehend no Senator doubts, if
this thing were left to the President, but what the
President would, if it were poswble, appoint such
cadets; and therefore, as a substitute for ail the
propositions which have been submitted, I pro-
pose this simple provision:
That when theic .shall be any vacancy in the Military
Academy at We^t Point i'tom any const clonal district,
the President shall have powei to fill such vacancy.
Let us enact this; let the President select; let
him appoint from Vngmia, as he doubtless will,
the proper number which belongs to Virginia;let
him appoint from Tennessee, as he doubtless will,
some cadets, because there aie loyal men there,
and that State is r^pie.sented nobly and ably here,
and her representative here can no doubt suggest
names to the President suitable to he appointed,
and which the President will rejoice to appoint,
to fill the number of vacancies now existing in that
State. So far as other States are concerned, the
President doubtless will be unable to do it. In
South Carolina, probably, he can find none to ap-
point; probably not any in Georgia or Florida,
Where he cannot find persons from those States to
appoint, lethim fill the vacancies as he pleases. My
proposition, therefore, is to leave itto the President
entirely, that when there shall be a vacancy in
the Military Academy from any congressional dis-
trict, the President shall have power to fill the
vacancy. He will do it right. Nobody, I appre-
hend, doubts but what he will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Foster
in the chair.) The question now is on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, which is an
amendment to an amendment. The motion of
the Senator from New York, therefore, is not now
in order.
Mr. COLL AMER. I was about to say a word
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New York, which authorizes the President to fill
all the'vacancies in the Academy. It is perfectly
well known that the classes which enter gradu-
ally shade off and shade off, and do not graduate
finally much more than half those who enter;
never two thirds. These other classes always have
vacancies in them. Now to authorize the Presi-
dent to $11 all the vacancies in the Academy, would
empower him to make appointments even to the
third and fourth year classes.
Mr. HARRIS. Oh, no; I do not contemplate
any such thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. But under the broad lan-
guage of* the amendment which the gentleman
offers, the President could fill up vacancies in the
second, third, or fourth year classes.
But a woid in relation to the proposition now
before us. That part of the section which relates
to filling up these vacancies in.the Academy which
have not been nominated for, has been stricken
out already. It stands, then, with no provision
on that subject, and the propositions now pre-
sented are with a view to filling it up. To my
mind, it had better stand just as it is. We have
lor a long time had this military school of a size
which we fixed by a certain number, being one
to each congiessiunal district, and then a certain
number appointed by the President. That we
have considered the proper size of the school for
this whole nation, for all the States. A part of
the States have so far withdrawn that they do not
fill these places. Now I know there has been, as
gentlemen have said, an idea that the rest, or what
is called the loyal part of the United States, want
to take these vacancies for their own use; that that
is what they are after. I do not desire that. If
these seceded States come back, and we go on as
a people together, then we will go on with the
school as usual. If these seceded States do not
come back, and they are not vcduced, and do not
come into obedience atall, whyshould we increase
our school? It will then be as large in proportion
to the States that remain as it is now for the whole
of the Union. Why should we seize hold of this
opportunity to fill up the school from abroad, or
seize the occasion to fill it up by people who do
not want or who do not choose to fill it up in the
usual way? It seems to me the occasion is not
one that calls for it. Let the day come when we
shall need that increase by the fact that we have
an increased loyal part of the country, and they
will fill it up of course. Otherwise, let it be as it is.
I am not prepared to say that we ought to increase
this school. Let us leave the school to be filled
up as has been provided by.law. If it is filled up
m the way which the law provides, well; if not,
it is not needed. Therefore, in my opinion, we
should leave this section just as it is, and fill up
this part stricken out with nothing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment?
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—aves twelve.
Mr. "FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amendment
to the amendment be read.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is a whole bill; but the amendment of the
