184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 18,
Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment, is
to insert, in place of the words stricken out of the
tenth section, the following:
That the President of the United States be, and be is
hereby, authorized to fill any existing vacancies at the Uni-
ted Status Military Academy, from congressional districts
for which no nominations aie made by Representatives in
Congress, by appointments from those districts or from the
respective States at largo.
The question is on adopting that as an amend-
ment to the tenth section, in lieu of the words
stricken out by a vote of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
litlle, Fessenden, Harris, Howe, King, Latham, McDougalJ,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Stunner, Ten liyck, WSHey, and Wil-
son.—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Breckinridge,
Bright, Chandler,Collamer, Cowan, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Johnson of Tennessee, Johnson of Missouri, Lane of Kan-
sas, Nosmith, i'earce.Polk, Powell, Itice, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the remainder of that section, which
will be read.
Mr. WILSON. "W*e are all agreed about that.
I suppose there will be no necessity for readingit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no motion to
strike out that portion of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has not been adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is part of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is reported
by the committee,and the question is oa agreeing
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is reported with the
whole bill, as I understand it.
Mr. WILSON. The bill itself is an amend-
ment to another bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; the whole of
it is an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 believe every Senator is
agreed about that part of the bill. It was put
in by, 1 believe, a unanimous vote of the Senate,
and i suggest that we go on, and simply take
votes on the modifications proposed by the com-
mittee this morning to the amendment; and then,
if anybody has any propositions to make, they
can make them.
Mr. ICING. 1 should like to know how this
matter i.s left in the bill. There is still part of
this section remaining, as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL'. I believe I can inform the
Senator from New York. There is now no au-
thority in the bill to fill vacancies at all. Wo have
struck it all out; and I do hope we may now let
it remain as it is. There is some legislation in
the bill in regard to West Point to prevent cadets
who have been dismissed because of deficiency in
studies, or acting improperly,from being returned
again after they have been dismissed. Jt seems
there has been a custom growing up there, when
a young man was dismissed, to have him recom-
mended a sceond time by a member, and come
back n&ain upon the institution. Tins bill pro-
vides for correcting that evil, but makes no pro-
vision whatever for filling up the vacancies; and
I hope we shall stand by it as it is.
Mr. KING. My object was to have the sec-
tion, as amended, read, in order that wc may see
what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clmir is
informed that it hos been the course of the Senate
in the consults ation of this bill to take up seriatim
each scction from the beginning; and where amend-
ments were pioposed by the committee, those
amendments have been acted upon, and then a
vote has been taken upon the section. We have
proceeded thus far with the bill. This section
has been amended by striking out certain portions
of it; and the question now is: " Will the Senate
adopt the residue of the section ?
Mr. KING. What 1 ask is, that that residue,
upon which we are to have a vote, be read, so that
we may see what js left of the scction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on adopting the residue of the section, which
will now bo read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
_ Aud no cadet who shall hereafter be j eported as deficient,
either in conduct or studies, and leeoinmended to he dis-
charged ij'mi iln; Aendemy.shall be letumedoi leappointPd,
or appointed to any place mtho Arm) befoiohw shall
have left the Aeadem> and received their commissions,
unless upon the lecounnendation of the academic board of
the Academy.
Mr. CARLILE. If it be in order, I would like
very much to fill the blank that has been created
by the action of the Senate striking out that por-
tion of this section which it has stricken out. I
understand, from the Senator from Illinois, that
there is now no provision whatever to fill these
vacancies in the Academy, and therefore they
must continue to exist. I think, as far as they
can be filled, they should be filled; and I think
that the first clause of that section which has been
strickcn out would accomplish the purpose to a
certain extent; and, if it be in order, I will move
to fill the blank with the words:
That existing vacancies at the Military Academy, from
congressional districts where there have been failures to
make nominations, according to the provisions of existing
laws, shall be supplied by the President, upon the nomina-
tion of Senators from such States as are represented in the
Senate.
This is only a part of what was stricken out.
I presume it is perfectly competent for the Senate
to strike out a portion, while at the same time
they would be willing to retain a portion of the
matter strickcn out. I am not sufficiently con-
versant with the rules of this body to say. The
phraseology, however, can be very easily changed
so as to obviate any technical objection that might
be raised. I move' to fill the blank that has been
made by the action of the Senate, by the insertion
of the words that I have read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I trust this
amendment will not be adopted. It applies only
to five States—the States of Missouri, Virginia,
Tennessee, Kentucky, and Maryland. There
are vacancies in the Military Academy from those
States, and those States arc represented in the
Senate. It soums to me much easier to delay for
a little while the filling up of these vacancies until
members shall be elected for the various congres-
sional districts. I have no doubt that within six
months from thistimcevery district of those States
will have a member elected to the House of Rep-
resentatives; and then those membefs can fill the
vacancies. There is no object to be accomplished
by the amendment now offered by the Senator
from Virginia.
As to the other States, they will be left entirely
out of view, or unrejnesented in the Academy ;
and I thmk it is better to leave all the States where
there are vacancies stand as they are. It would
probably be an inducement to the election of Rep-
resentatives here, or, at any rate, a motive to
elect them; and then will be the time to fill these
vacancies. In the meantime I think we can get
along very well, and survive the calamity of hav-
ing only one hundred and fifty cadets, instead ot
two hundred and fifty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
i.s on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the residue of the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional scction, the following:
Sec. 9. And be it further enaded, That the three monthO
extra pay allowed b*V the twentv-mnth scction of the. act
of the 5ih of July, 1838, foi re£nh^tments under certain
conditions; the bounty panted by the third section of the
act ot the 17th ot Juno, 1850, for enlistment-* at lcmoto and
distant stations; and the picmium now paid foi bringing
accepted icciuits to rendezvous, be, and they are heieby,
abolished.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional scction:
Sro. 9. And be it further cnactcrl, That hercaftei two dol-
lar^ pei month shall be retained out of tin1 monthly pay of
each enlisted man in the regular Atmyunttl the expiration
ot his teim of seiviee, in-tead of one dollar per month, as
authoiizrd by twisting laws.
, The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional scction:
Sec. 10. And lc it fuithcr enacted, That the fifth section
of the act approved Scptembei $28, 1850, rcquirinz the Sec-
letary ot War to discharge ftom the Army all Illinois, be,
and the same is heieby, lepealcd.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section;
II. Jlnd be it further enaded, That in all ca^es of
enlistment and recnlistment in the military service of the
United States, the prescribed oath of allegiance may be
administered by any commissioned officer of the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 12. And be itfwrther enacted, That the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and
the two regiments of cavalry, shall hereafter be known and
recognized as the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth leg-
iments of cavalry, respectively ; the officers theieof to re-
tain their present lelative rank, and to be promoted as of
one arm of service, according to existing ^aw and estab-
lished usage and regulation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Army ration
shall be met eased as follows, viz: Twenty-two ounces of
biead or flour, or one pound of hard bread, instead of the
piesent issue; fresh beef shall be issued as often as the
commanding officer of any detachment or regiment shall
require it, when practicable, in place of salt meat; beans
and nee, or honnny, shall be issued in the same ration .in
the proportions now provided by the regulation, and one
pound of potatoes per man shall be issued at least three
times a week, if practicable; and when these articles can-
not be issued in these proportions, an equivalent in value
hhall bo issued in some other propei food ; and a ration ot
tea may be substituted for a ration of coffee upon the requi-
sition of the proper officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, as an additional section:
Sec. 14. And be it fuither enacted, That there may be
allowed in ho«pltaN, to be provided under such rules as
the Surgeon Geneial of the Army, with the approval of the
Secretary of War, may prescribe, such quantities of fresli
or preserved fruits, milk or buttei, and of eggs, as uiay be
necessary for the proper diet of the sick.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
inseit, as an additional section:
See. 15. And be it further enactcd, That there shall be
appointed by tho Secretary of War, on the recommenda-
tion ol the council of administration and the appioval of
the commanding officer, as many sutlers as the exigencies
of the service nuiy require, not to exceed one to each mil-
itary post.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 16. And it it further enacted, That any commis-
sioned officer of the Army, or of the Marine Corps of the
N.ivy, who shall have served as such for forty consecutive
ycais, may, upon his own application to the President of
the United States, be plaecdupon the li^t ot retired officers,
with the pay and emoluments allowed by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Skc. 17. And be it further enacted, That if any commis-
sioned officer of the Army, oi of the ISJannc Corps ot the
Navj, shall have become, or shall heieatter become, inca-
pable of performing the duties ot his office, he shall be
placed upon the retired list, and withdiawn fiom active
service and command, ami fiom the line ot promotion, with
the following pay, namely: mujor general, $,"2,640 per an-
num ;bngadier general,$1,488 per annum; colonel, $'1,140;
lieutenant colonel, $960; major, $840 ; captain, $7:20; first
lieutenant, {$510; second lieutenant, $540; without any
other pay or allowances; and the next officer in rank shall
be piomotcd to the place of the retired officer, according to
the established rules of the seivicc. And tho same rule ot
piomotion shall be applied successively to the vacancies
consequent upon the retirement of an officer: Provided,
That if the disability be pioved to result from wounds re-
ceived in action, the pay proper of the ictired officer shall
bo that of his highest, rank, by brevet or otherwise : And
provided also, That should the brevet Lieutenant General be
retired under this act, it shall be without reduction in his
emient pay, subsistence, oi allowances: And ■provided
finlhcr, That theie shall not be on the retired list, at any
one time, more than seven per centum of the whole num-
ber of otficeis of the Army, as fixed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec 18. And be it further enacted. That in order to carry
out the provisions of this act, whenever any officer of the
Army, or of the Mai me Corp* of the Navy, who may be in-
capacitated, as befoie recited, shall voluntarily apply to be
letncd fiom active service, or, being ordered to pet form
tho duties appropiiate to his commission, shall lepoit him-
self unable to comply with such order, or whenever, in tho
judgment of the President ofthe United States, an officer
of the Aimy shall be in any way incapacitated from per- •
foiming the duties of his office, the President, at his dis-
cietion. shall diieet the Secretary of War to refer the case
of such oflicci to a boaid of not more than thirteen or less
than five commissioned officcis, to be composed (as far as
may be) of his seniors m lineal lank, and pieferably of offi-
cer^ already retired. And the determination of the board
in each case shall, with a record of its proceedings, be
transmitted to the Secretary or War, to bo laid before the
Piesidcnt for his approval or disapproval, and orders in the
