1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
case. The board, whenever it finds an officer incapaci-
tated for active service, will report whether, in its judg-
ment, the said incapacity result trom loaf and faithful ser-
vice, from wounds or injury received in the line of duty,
from sickncss or exposure therein, or fiom an> other inci-
dent of service. If so, and the President approve of such
judgment, tlie disabled officer shall thereupon be placed
upon the list of retired officeis, according to the piovisions
of this act. If otherwise, and if the I'rcsident concur in
opinion with the board, the officer shall be retired as above,
either with his pay proper alone, or with his service ra-
tions alone, ut the discretion of the President, or he shall
bo wholly retired from the service, with one year's pay and
allowances; and in this last case his name shall ho thence-
forward omitted lrom the Auny Register: Provided always,
That the members of the board shall m every case be sworn
to an honest and impartial discharge of their duties, and
that no officer of the Army shall be ictired either paitially
or wholly from the set vice without having had a fan and
full hoaiing before the board, if, upon due summons, he
shall demand it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 19. Jlnd le it further enacted, That the officers par-
tially retired shall be entitled to wear the uniform of their
respective grades, shall continue to be borne upon the Army
Register, and shall be subject to the rules and articles of
war, and to trial by general comt-martial for any bieacli of
the said aiticles.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sue. 20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
sixth section of the act of August 23, 1842, as allows addi-
tional or double rations to the commandant of each pemia-
nent or fixed post garrisoned with tioops, be, and the same
is heicby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, That officers having
bievet commissions shall not be entitled to any increase ot
pay or emoluments because of the exercise of command
accoiding to their btevet lank.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that that section be
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on adopting the section, and a negative
vote on that will effect the Senator's purpose. Is
the Senate ready for the question on adopting the
section just read ?
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend it by
adding, " except when in active service in the
field." Where a man is actually in the field, acting
in the capacity of a brevet officer, then he ought
to be paid, and not otherwise.
Mr. RICE. I presume the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa will not accomplish the object
he has in view. If I understand him aright, he
wishes to have it applied to all officers serving in
the field ?
Mr. GRIMES. No,sir; only to those who have
held brevet rank; for instance, a captain brevetted
as a colonel. He thereby ranks other officers
when on detached service; and when he is acting
as a colonel he ought to receive the pay of colonel,
and not receive the line pay while those that arc
subordinate to him are receiving greater pay than
he is.
Mr. RICE. Then why may not a captain who
has not been brevetted receive the pay when per-
forming the duty ?  
Mr. GRIMES. He does not perform the duty.
Mr. RICE. They are frequently compelled to
do so. I hope the section will be adopted as it is,
without amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I think if the section as it
now is be defeated, it will accomplish what the
Senator from Iowa desires to arrive at. These
officers by law get no brevet pay, unless assigned
to duty on their brevet commission.
Mr.GRIMES. Thatisnot what I want, There
arc gentlemen who have never seen scrvice, ex-
cept in the bureaus of the Departments, who may
he at the head-of a bureau, and therefore receive
brevet pay. Now I am willing to pay the officer
who is actually in the field, the pay of his brevet
rank; butbccauseaman happens to beat the head
of a bureau in one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, it is not quite right, I think, that he
should receive the pay of a brevet rank, which
has been conferred upon him for his great rcd-
tapcism, and not on account of his valor.
Mr. NESMITH. There are very few of those
cases. I do not recollect any at present. I know
that officers are selected and assigned to duty ac-
cording to brevet rank in the field, and draw the
pay accordingly; but they do not draw any pay
for the brevet rank, unless they are discharging
the duties which attach to that rank. I think the
striking out of this section will work no hardship,
but, on the contrary, will do a great dpal of good
to officers of the Army who are meritorious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendments proposed to the section.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa. I presume
I have the same object in view that he has. I
should like to have added to that the words " and
unless he shall have received a vote of thanks
from Congress for gallant conduct in the field."
Then this brevet rank will mean something.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is an amendment
to an amendment, and of course is not now sus-
ceptible of amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will accept the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa adopts it as part of his own amend-
ment, and the question now is on the amendment
as modified by the mover, to insert at the end of
the section the following:
Except when in active service m the field, and unless
he shall have leceived a vole ok thanks fiom Congress lor
gallant conduct m the Held. -
Mr. NESMITH. I think that will carry the
matter a little further than is desired. It requires
that an officer shall not only be brevetted in the
first place, but, in the second place, that he shall
have a vote of Congress, and, m the third place,
that he shall be on duty in the field", making too
many conditions, I think.
Mr. WILSON. Senators have expressed over
and over again their opposition to increasing the
rank of officers of our Army. They are willing
to increase the lieutenants, the inferior officers,
but do not wish to increase the higher grades.
Now, as was said yesterday, we have to-day in
the field a major commanding a division. The
reason we have so many brevets in the Army of
the United States is that our policy prevents offi-
cers rising to the higher positions in the Anny,
and we brevet a great many on that account.
Now, sir, I am willing that the proposition should
stand as amended by the Senator from Iowa; but
I think the Senator from Wisconsin had better
withdraw his modification,and let it stand in this
way: that the brevet officers in the field in active
service may receive the benefits of the brevet pay,
so that those who are in the bureaus here will not
receive it; and that is where I think the main
abuse lies.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand this
brctfetting of officers very much. I understand,
however, that it is done by the commanding offi-
cer in the field, or on his recommendation to the
Secretary of War. My object is to avoid the
favoritism which may be practiced under the bre-
vet system. Favorites may receive brevets when
others more deserving do not. If they are to re-
ceive anything more than the honorable appella-
tion of brevet, if they are to receive the additional
pay, I want thorn to perform such services in the
field as shall demand the consideration of Con-
gress and receive a vote of thanks. I have no
doubt that there will be officers in the field who
will .command the admiration of Congress to the
extent of receiving a vote of thanks, and I desire
to hold out some inducement to these officers to
distinguish themselves.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the section reported by
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 16.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Hoc. 22. Jind he it further cnacted, That officers of the
Auny, when absent fiom their appropriate duties for a pe-
nod exceeding six months, eithei with oc without leave,
shall not receive the allowances authorized by the existing
laws tor seivant*, foiugu, fianspnrtation of baggage, tuel,
and quarters, either in kmc! or m commutation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing m this
act contained shall in any event reduce the pay oi emolu- j
ments of the Lieutenant General of the Army. j
The amendment was agreed to. I
The next amendment was to insert, as ail addi-
tional section:
Sec. 24. Jlnd be it further enacted. That any commis-
sioned officei of the Army or Navy who, having tendered
his resignation, shall, prior to due notice of the acceptanbe
of the same by the proper authority, and without Jeave«
quit his post or proper dunes with the intent to remain
pewnanently absent therefiom, shall be registered as a de-
serter, and punished as such.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Seo. 25  Jlnd be it further* enacted, That any officer of
the Navy who has been forty years in the service of th«
United States may, upon his own application to the Pres-
ident of the United States, be placed upon the list of re-
tned officers of the Navy, and shall receive tlie pay allowed
by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 25. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any officer of
the Navy shall have become, or shall hereafter becomc, in-
capable of performing the duties of his office, he shall be
placed upon the rctued list and withdrawn fiom active
service and command, and from tlieliueol piomotion, with
the following pay, namely : Captain* m the Navy, $1,300 j
commanders in the Navy, $1,100; lieutenants in the Navy,
$1,000; suigcons ranking with captains, $1,300, with com
mandeis, $1,100, with lieutenants, $1,000j paymasters
ranking with captains, $1,300, with commanders, $1,100,
with lieutenants, $1,000; chief engineers, $1,000; first as-
sistant engineers, $700: second assistant engineer?, $500 ;
and thud assistant engineers, $400; masters, $400 ; passed
midshipmen, $3n0 ; without any other pay or allowances.
Captains, commanders, and lieutenant*, now on the retired
list of the Navy, shall receive the tame compensation and
no greater than is allowed to routed officers of the same
rank by the provisions of this act. The ne.\t officer m rank
shall be promoted to the place ot the retired officer, accord-
ing to the established rule* of the serviee. And the same
inle of piomotion shall be applied successively to the va-
cancies consequent upon the retirement ol an officer: Pro-
vided, That it the disability be proved to resultfrom wounds
received in action, such retired officer shall receive the sea
pay of Jus grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Pec. 27, ,-ind be it further enacted, That whenever any
officei ot the Navy, on being ordered to perform the duties
nppiopiiatc to hia commission, shall repoitlumself unable
to eomplv with such order; or whenever,in the judgment
of the Piesident of the United States, an officer of the Navy
shall be in any way incapacitated from perfoiming the
duties of his office, the Piesident, at Ins discretion, shall
diH-ct the tiecretsny of the Navy to icfcr the case of such
officer to a board of not moie than nine, or Jess than five,
commissioned officeis, to be composed, if possible, (as far
as may be,) of his seniors in rank. The detcimination at
the board in each case shall, with a record of its proceed-
ings, be tiansmitred to the Secretary of the Navy, to be laid
befoie the President lor his appiovnl, or disapproval, and
orders in the case. The board, whenever it rinds an officer
incapacitated lor active service, will icport whether, in its
judgment, the incapacity result fiom long and faithful ser-
vice, fiom wounds oi injuiy icceived m the line of duty,
fiom sickness or exposure therein, or from any other in-
cident of sei vice; it so, anil the President appioveof sucb
judgment, the disabled officer shall thereupon be placed
upon the list of letnud officers, according to the provisions
or this act; but it disability or incompetency proceeded
from other causes, and the Pieeident concur in opinion
with the board, the officer may be retired upon furlough
pay, or lie shall he whollyietned from the service, with one
>cai's pay, at the discission of the President; and m this
last case Jii^ name shall Hp wholly omitted from the Naval
Register. The members of the board shall, in every ease,
be sworn to an honest and nnpattial discharge of their du-
ties; and no officer of the Navy shall bo retired, either
paitially or wholly, lrom the service, without having had a
lair and full heaung before the board, if he shall demaudit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 28. Jlnd beit fwither enacted. That the retired offi-
cers shall be entitled to weai the uniform of their respect-
ive guides ; shall continue to be boine upon the Navy Regis-
ter ; shall he subject to the rules and articles of war, and
to ttial by geneial court-martial.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That retired Navy officers may
be assigned to tuchdutiesas the Presidcntinay deem them .
capable of pcrfuimnig, and such as the cxigcncics of the
public remee may icijuue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee have now been gone
through. The bill is still before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and open to further
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Iowa, some time since,
I propose to amend the second section. I will
