186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
dimply say that the subject has been considered
carefully, but was not brought forward,under the
apprehension that it migh t be resisted as some other
measures have been. That it is needed, there is
no sort of doubt whatever; and [propose to make
*this amendment: to insert, after the word " regu-
lations," in th6 fourth line of the second section,
the words,4 £ five assistant inspectors general, with
the rank and pay of a major of cavalry." It gives
usjive assistant inspectors general of the Army
to go with these different corps, to see that they
are in order. There can be no doubt that they
are needed. They are to be added for three years,
as proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should think our
Army would be pretty well inspected. We have
a commission to inspect the medical department.
Wc have brigade surgeons and regimental sur-
geons and assistants to inspcct. Wc have daily
and weekly and monthly company, regimental,
brigade, and division inspections also. It seems
to me—and that has been my experience—that
these inspecting officers are not required in any
arm of the servicc. They are redundant, the fifth
wheel to the wagon, interfering with the moving
• of the machinery, interfering with the regulations
of the service, i hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. WILSON. If theartiendment beadoptcd,
and proper officers arc appointed—and they will
be unquestionably Army officers, there cannot be
a doubt of that—I have no doubt, with our im-
mense forces in the licld, with our immense ex-
penditures for the materials'of war, it will save
thousands and tens of thousands of dollars to the
country, and, in my judgment, do a great deal for
the health and the li ves of our soldiers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
suggestion lo the Senator from Massachusetts,
for whose judgment I have the highest respect.
I assure him that the best inspector for a company
is the captain of a company; the best inspector for
a regiment is the colonel; the best inspector lor a
brigade is the brigadier general; the best inspector
for a division is the major general; and these of-
ficers thrown m create confusion, and are for no
other purpose than to create confusion m the ser-
vice. They come in as these medical commis-
sioners have—to make suggestions and orders
outside of the rules and regulations of the Army.
1 do assure the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts that there is no other purpose, and they will
accomplish no other object, than to create confu-
sion in the service.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we have an in-
spector general of the Army, an old man, eighty-
one years of age. Colonel Scott has been put in
his nlace. All jhe can do is to stay here at the
head of the bureau. We have had assistant rnlju-
tantgenerals. Geneial Mansfield was an assistant
adjutant general, and he made a tour of the coun-
try. He went to Texas. I conversed with him
on his return last year, during the eaily part of
the session. He had examined all that part of
the countt y.
Let rae say to the Senator who says that the
colonel of a regiment is the best inspector, that,
if the colonel is a man of capacity and experience,
he would be equal to anybody else as an in-
spector; but the Senator from Kansas knows, as
I know, and as all of us know, that many of these
colonels arc unfitted by training and by experi-
ence to keep their regiments in the best possible
order. This proposition, if it he adopted, will
authorize the appointment of five assistant in-
spectors general. They will be sent to the differ-
ent divisions of the Army. They will have under
their superintendence the care o'f the men and of
the munitions of war; and if they are men of ca-
pacity and of large experience, they can reform
abuses, and coirect evils which the undisciplined
and inexperienced volunteers wc have in the coun-
. try necessarily bring into the field.
Why, sir, I see it stated in the press, that Mr.
Russell, the correspondent of the London Times,
says that the sanitary condition of some of our
regiments is worse than the condition of the British
regiments in the Crimea, that excited and alarmed
the people of England—so much so that they sent a
sanitary commission to examine into the condition
of the Army. That the condition of some of the
regiments in the service to-day is disgraceful to
theo/Hcers and to the country, wc aH know. Some
of the regiments that are led by officers of expe-
rience and capacity are in fine condition; but the
best of the volunteer regiments do not compare for
a momentin comfort, and in all that characterizes
soldiers, with the Army of the United States. It
does a man's heart good to look upon the veteran
troops of our An#y, after having passed around
among these encampments of our volunteers, to
see the neatness, the cleanliness, the order, the
system,and the comfort of the one, and the slov-
enly condition of the other.
The Senator refers to the sanitary commission
that has been appointed. A commission has been
appointed of gentlemen who have taken upon
themselves this work, and their object is to save
the health and lives of hundreds and thousands
of our fellow-citizens who are summoned into the
field. It is with them a work of humanity, not
of dollars and cents; for it is a contribution of
their time, their toil, and their money. They ask
us to pay them nothing. They have been about
among these soldiers. They all bear testimony
to their zeal, their patriotism, and their devotion
to their country. They all bear evidence to the
sufferings of these men through the-incapacity
and inexperience of men who have undertaken to
command regiments in the servicc.
Now, sir," as we Jiuve an immense Army, an
Army perhaps that will amount to three hundred
thousand men in sevetal large divisions, made up
chieily of volunteers, I think if there could be with
the divisions of McDowell, of Butler, Fremont,
Patterson, and McClellan, n proper officer, whose
sole duty was to inspect that Army, to keep his
eye upon the Army, to correct abuse, and instruct
men who want to do right, but do not know how
to do it, such an officer would be invaluable to
the service Therefore,sir, 1 concur heartily with
the suggestion that was made by the Senator from
Iowa. I should have lepoited such a proposition
originally, but I feand that u would meet this
opposition in the Senate, which •there seemed to
be to creating offices. Howevcf, as we have pro-
vided in this section that their offices shall expire
at the close of the contest, or at the end of three
years, I hope it will receive the sanction of the
Senate. I have great deference to the opinions
of the Senator fiom Kansas, who is not only a
Senator but a soldier; but I think that if lie will
reflect fully on the subject, and consider the kind
of men of which our regiments are made, he will
see the wisdom of putting into the serucc five ac-
complished and experienced officers to correct
the abuses that do exist. Now, that abuses do
exist,, aiid that some portions of our forces arc
almostdemoralized, 1 personally know to be true.
There cannot he any doubt, of it. In other^egi-
ments, m other brigades, in other commands,
there are great improvements; but she greatpoint
is to get, these commands under officers of expe-
rience and rapacity.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substitute
having been perfected, the question is, shall the
amendment be adopted in lieu of the onginul billr
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. POWELLa I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
*4iul he it fiothci evaded, That no pait of the Amiv or
Nnvv of the Uniied State* shall he employed oi in
subject inyoi holding as a conquored ptovmce anj'.^oveieign
State now oi lately one o( ihc United fttate*, m m abol-
i^hum or mterteimg with Alriean slavery in any of the
{■States.
Oil that amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I wish merely to say
that I shall vote against the amendment, because
I think it altogether uncalled for.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it too late to offer
a modification? I should like to add to that
amendment, "except to crush out rebellion and
hang tiaitors."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Reduce your amend-
ment to writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the amend-
ment now offered is a very singular one in the
Senate of the United States. Does the Senator from
Kentucky suppose that the Army designated by
this bill is to be used to subjugate a State ? Does he S
suppose that the Army now to be used is for the j
pm pose of freeing slaves? 1 supposed this kind j
of argument was not to be used no re. I did not I
suppose that the Senator from Kentucky would i
for a moment claim, either hero or anywhere,
that this war was for the purpose of freeing slaves
or subjugating States. I do not want to rest
under that imputation. I shall vote against the
amendment, as a matter of course, because it is
out of place, and ought not to be offered here, in
my judgment; but 1 wish it distinctly understood
that in voting against it, I do not assent to the
proposition, or the imputation, that this is a war
for the purpose of subjugating any State or free-
ing any slave. If I understand the purpose of
this war, it is to maintain the national honor, to
defend the national property, to uphold the na-
tional flag everywhere wherever by light it floats,
whether it be in South Carolina, or Florida, or
Louisiana; but I say here, as I have said else-
where, that there is no puipose in conducting
this war to subjugate a State, to free a slave, or
to interfere with'the social or domestic institutions
of any State or of any people. The purpose of
the war, as I understand it, is to preserve this
Union; to maintain the Constitution as it is in all
its clauses, in all its guarantees, without change
or limitation.
f was astonished the other day at the remark
made by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
who said here in his place, that the purpose of
this war was to overthrow the Constitution; and
that the men who wcic now conducting it had
that idea in view, or that that would be the effect
of their action ;and he also lemarkrd that he was
sorry to see that these movements were drifting
under the control of the extreme men of the Re-
publican party. Why, Mr. President, I cannot
sit here in my place and allow that imputation to
be fixed upon my constituents in Ohio, without
repelling it. My idea is, that there never has been
a proposition to alter the Constitution by the Re-
publican members of the Senate or of the House
of Representatives. We do not propose to do
it. I would not change one line, one word, one
syllable of the Constitution. I am willing to take
it as it was construed by our fathers who framed
it, and not change a particle. The only pioposed
change in the Constitution comes from those men
who, when they cannot change it to suit them-
selves, endeavor to subvert this Government by
force.
But I have said more than I intended; I merely
wished to repel the insinuation contained in that
amendment, which seems to charge upon the Sen-
ators who vote for this bill the purpose and the in-
tent of using this Army to subjugate any State,
or to free any slave. That is not,as I understand
it, the purpose or object of this war.
Mr. POWELL, it is not my purpose to enter
into any discussion of the amendment. I am
pleased to hear the conservative sentiments ut-
tered by the Senator from Ohio; but the Senator,
1 think, was unnecessarily surpi i.sed in lnsuston-
ishment at the idea of any Senator supposing the
result of this war would be probably the emanci-
pation of the slaves, or the overthrow of State
sovereignty. Does not the Senator from Ohio
know that more than one of those who have been
heretofore considered the most conservative Sen-
ators on the other side of this Chamber have de-
clared'that if the necessity existed, they were for
emancipating the slaves in the southern States?
It was so announced by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixojf.] It was affirmed by the
Senator from Michigon, [Mr. Bingiiam.] The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] introduced
a bill into the Senate, which is now before the
Judiciary Committee and has been printed, for
the purpose of abolishing slavery m all th<* se-
ceded States. When wc witness all this, should
the Senator from Ohio be surprised that the iep-
resentatives of the slavcholding States fear that it
may be and is the purpose of those in power to
use the Army for the purpose of abolishing the in-
stitution of slavery and ovei thiowinic the States?
Did not the Senator from Oregon [Mi. Baker]
the other day, declare that if it wore necessary,
he would vote to reduce the seceded States to
provinces, and send Governors there from other
States to govern them as Territories? When wc
hear all these declarations, I think the Senator
should not be surprised at the fear which I have
expressed.
If the object of the Senate, and the object of
those in power, is not to use the Army and the
Navy for these purposes, why not put it in the
law; why not say so; why not vote it here in the
