188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
have lived'together in a perpetual bond of frater-
nity.
Mr. President, history gives no instance, in my
judgment, of such long suffering and forbearance
as there has been, not by the people of the slave
' States, but as there has been exhibited by the
people of the free States of this Union in the en-
durance of outrages, wrongs, and oppressions
that they have suffered at the hands of that insti-
tution, and those who maintain the institution,
and have suffered from their strong and enduring
devotion to the General Government; to the insti-
tutions that our fathers achieved for us, and trans-
mitted to us. I think I shouki not be at all mis-
taken in asserting that for evet-y slave that has
ever been seduced from the service of his owner,
by the interference of citizens of the free States
with the institution where it exists, more than
ten free white men of the free States of this Union
have been outraged, every privilege of freemen
trodden upon; every right of person violated by
lawless mobs in the slave States. We have borne
all this uncomplainingly; we have borne it with-
out a murmur, because we were willing to bear it,
willing to make the sacrifice, for the sake of the
glorious institutions that were the common prop-
erty and common blessing of us all.
Mr. President, we have not invited this war;
the loyal States of the Union are in no way re-
sponsible for the calamities that are now upon the
country; we gave no occasion for them. There
is, in the history of man, no instance of so stu-
pendous a conspiracy, so atrocious a treason, so
causeless a rebellion,,as that which now exists
in this country; and for what purpose? "What
wrong had we ever done to the slave States, or to
the institution of slavery ? I have heaid, in all
the assaults that have been made on this Admin-
istration, no single specification of one. injustice
that they had ever suffered at the hands of the
General Government, or at tlie hands of the free
States, or the people of the free States.
Mr. President, I am not prepared to admit,
either, as some gentlemen take pains to explain,
that this is not a war of subjugation. If it is not
a war of subjugation, what'is it? What was it
set on foot foi, if it is not for the sole, identical
purpose of subjugating the atrocious rebellion
that now exists in the country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly..
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend misunderstood
my language. I said distinctly that it was not
the purpose of this war to subjugate a State, a
political community; but 1 will go'as far as he or
uny other living man to uphold the Government
against all rebellious citizens, whether there be
one or marty of them in a State. If nine tenths
of the people of any State rebel against the au-
thority of this Government, the physical power
of this Government should be brought to reduce
those citizens to subjection; the State survives;
and I have no doubt the State of South Carolina,
and the State of Florida, and the State of Vir-
ginia will be represented on this iloor, long after
the honorable Senator and'l have filled the mis-
sions allotted to us.
Mr. BROWNING. I trust so. Iwillnotstop
to deal with technicalities; I care not whether you
call it the subjugation of the people or the subju-
gation of the State. Where all the authorities of
a State, where all the officers, who are the em-
bodiment of the [lower of the State, who speak
for the State, who represent the government of
the State, where they are all disloyal and banded
in treasonable confederation against this Govern-
ment, I, for one, am for subjugating them, and
you may call it the subjugation of tlie State or of
the people, just as you please. I am for subju-
gation, and you may apply the term subjugation
to the State or the people. I want this rebellion
putdown, this wicked and causeless treason pun-
ished, and an example given to the world that
will teach them that there is a power in the free-
men of this continent to maintain a constitutional
Government.
Why, Mr. President, it is just a struggle to-
day—the whole of this fight is about that, and
nothing else-—whether there shall be any longer
- sny such thing as government on this continent
Dr not; and the very moment that the doctrine of
secession, the very moment that the astounding
heresy oJ secession is admitted in any sense, or to
any degree, government is overthrown; because
if there be any such thing as a ri|4it existing in
a State to secede at any time in any State, at her
will, causelessly to dismember this Union and
overthrow this Government, there is an end to all
constitutions and all laws; and it is a struggle to-
day for the life of the nation. They have assailed
that life; we have not done it; and all that the
Government has done, and all that the Adminis-
tration proposes to do, is m necessary self-defense
against assaults that are made upon the very life
of the nation.
Mr. President, it may be a little out of place,
but as I do not wish at any time again during this
session of the Senate to intrude any poor remarks
of mine on the attention either of the Senate or
the country, I will take the occasion lieio?to say
a word in response to the assaults that have been
made upon the Chief Executive of the nation,
upon the entire Administration, upon that entire
portion of the country and the people who sus-
tain the Administration. I take tins occasion to
say, in response to the assaults that have been
made upon the President for what is called the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, that I ap-
prove heartily, fully, to the uttermost possible
extent to which approval can go, that act of the
President of the United States; and so far from
the President deserving, as the honorable Senator
from Kentucky said, the rebuke of the councils
of the nation for the exercise of that authority, he
would, in my judgment, have been faithless and
recreant to every high and noble trust with which
he was clothed if he had notexercised the power.
There is, sir, in nations as well as in individ-
uals, an ultimate right of self-defense that tran-
scends all written Constitution and laws. That
right of self-defense inheres in a political commu-
nity as well as it does in ail individual. I concede
that there is no written authority, there is no pre-
scribed rale by which the President of the United
States may suspend the writ of habeas corpus; but
there is a law of necessity, inexoiable and over-
mastering, which, when it arises, not only hal-
lows the act, but would make him subject to the
severest animadversions if he failed, either from
want of intellect or want of moral nerve to exer-
cise the act.
Mr. President, let me aslc a question of the hon-
orable Senators who have discussed this question.
Our armories and our arsenals had been robbed;
our custom-houses had been plundered; our mints
had been pilfered; the Army nnd Navy bad been
corrupted; and eveiy department of the Govern-
ment was recking with treason. That is a part
of the already written history of the country. It
had been given out in speeches by the leaders of
this rebellion, that the northern people should be
made to feel southern steel ami smell southern
powder. It had been declared by those who ori-
ginated and set on foot, who led and controlled
the organized bands of rebellious traitors, that,
before the dawning of another anniversary of our
independence, the flag of treason should float, in
triumph from the top of your Capitol, and in the
execution of that design, their army was under-
stood to be on its march for the purpose of seiz-
ing upon the nation's capital and executing that
threat. Now, sir, permit me to ask the Senators,
suppose it were i educed to a matter of demonstra-
tion, suppose it were unmistakably shown that
the execution of that purpose could be prevented
in no other way than by the exercise by the Pres-
ident of the high prerogative of suspending the
writ of habeas corpus: would the gentlemen sanc-
tion the act in the President, or would they de-
nounce him? Would they still maintain that it
was his duty to sitsupinely by, witness the over-
throw of the Government, the rending of the Con-
stitution into tatters, witness the capital of the
nation involved in flames and hordes of vandals
desolating the city? Would they maintain that it
was the duty of the President to do all that, rather
than exercise a power for which there is no writ-
ten authority, but for which there is an authority
highe r and more transcendent than ever any writ-
ten authority was or can be?
1 understood one of the Senators • from Ken-
tucky to say that he desired the capital to be de-
fended. I understood him farther to say that he
approved of the act of tiie Governor of Kentucky
in refusing to respond to the call of the President
of the nation for troops for that purpose, I do
not understand that there is any assault made
upon that act of the President,
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to him that the
capital was in no danger when the Governor of
Kentucky refused to respond to the call. Vir-
ginia was then a State of this Union; Virginia did
not go out until after the President's proclama-
tion. That proclamation of the President caused
four States to go outinstantly,namely: Virginia,
Arkansas, North Carolina, and Tennessee.
Mr. BROWNING. If the capital was not in
danger then, it never was in danger; then was the
moment of its greatest possible peril; and it was
for the very purpose of the defense of the capital
from the threats that had been fiercely made
against it, that the President exercised the power
which I do not understand to be questioned that
he exercised constitutionally, of calling forth the
militia of the respective States.
I understand the Senator from Kentucky and
the Senator from Missouri both to say that they
approved and indorsed the acts of their respective
Executives in refusing to respond to that call. I
apprehend they indorse them and approve them
because they believe them to be right. There is
no difference between the relations subsisting be-
tween one State of this Union and another State,
and the General Government. The relations of
all the States to the General Government are pre-
cisely the same. The Presidentmade what they
concede to be a call that was clcarly within his
constitutional power; which, I add, it was his sa-
cred duty, a duty from which he dared not shrink,
to exercise. Now, sir, if it was the duty of one
State to refuse to respond to that call, it was alike
the duty of all the other States to refuse to respond
^to it. If it was the duty of Vermonttoanswerthe
'call, and send her gallant-hearted sons forth to do
battle in this great cause, it was equally the duty
of Kentucky and of Missouri to do so. But, sir,
gentlemen say they were right in refusing. If
they were right in lofusing, all tlie other States
would have been alike right in refusing. What
does the Senator from Kentucky mean when he
says he desired to see the capital defended, and
yet places himself in a position which takes from
the nation the power of making any defense that
could have been effectual ? Plow was the capital
to be defended? If no State when called upon,
constitutionally called upon by the Chief Exec-
utive of the nation, would so far respect that call
as to respond to it, how was this capital or this
nation to have been defended? And yet the hon-
orable Senators find no higher duty for them to
perform here than to denounce the President for
doing precisely what they are forced to admit
they desired to see done—defend the capital.
Mr. President, I have wandered from the pur-
pose of my using; and I do not intend to detain
the Senate more than a few minutes longer. There
are a few things that I want to say, and that I
rose to say, and which, when 1 have said plainly,
I shall resume my seat.
Gentlemen have expressed their earnest desire
to see what they designate as this unnatural, this
fratricidal war, brought to a close. There is no
heart here that would more rejoice at the termin-
ation of all hostilities, the restoration of affection-
ate and fraternal feelings everywhere throughout
this vastUnion than I would. Have we the power
to do it? Where is the power to terminate, and
to terminate upon the instant, in the next fleeting
hour, this war, and terminate it forever? Let
them go to the rebellious States; let them go to
those who are confederated for the overthrow of
the Government; let them go to those who are
prosecuting a causeless and vindictive war against
the very life of the Government, and preach to
them their high legard for the Constitution and
laws. Let them ground the arms of their rebellion;
letthem return to their easy and just allegiance to
the Government that they Live never known ex-
cept by its beneficence and its blessings; letthem
do that, and m the next passing hour peace will
spread her downy pinion over every inch of soil
m the American Union. -But, sir, as long as they
arc in arms, as long as they are in rebellion for
the overthrow of the Government, it is the duty
of the Government, the duty of the people of the
country, a duty from which they will never shrink,
to keep on foot an Army adequate to the emer-
gency, which shall meet and put down, and sub-
jugate, if you choose, everywhere, tho&e who are
m armed rebellion for so unholy a purpose.
