1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
Now, Mr. President, one thing more. It is
better that people everywhere should understand
precisely what is going on, what has happened,
and what is to happen. For one, I should re-
joice to see all the States in rebellion return to
their allegiance; and if they return, if they lay
down the arms of their rebellion and come back
to their duties and their obligations, they will be
as fully protected, now and at ail times hereafter,
as they have ever been before,m all their rights,
including the ownership, use, and management
of slaves. Let them return to their allegiancc;
and I, for one, am now for giving to the slave
States as fully and completely all the protection
of the Constitution and laws, as they have ever
enjoyed in any past hour of our existence.
feut, sir, let us understand anotherthing. As I
have already said, the power to terminate this war
now is not with us. The power is with us, but not
to terminate it instantly. We will terminate it, if
it is not terminated, as it should be, by those who
began it. But, sir, 1 say for one—I speak for myself
and myselfonly, but I believe in so speaking I utter
the sentiments which will burst from every free
heart in all the northern States of the Confederacy
—that if our brethren of the South do force upon us
the distinct issue, shall this Government be over-
thrown, and it and all the hopes for civil liberty,
all the hopes for the oppressed and downtrod-
den of all thc.despotisms of the earth go down in
one dark, dreary night of hopelessness and de-
spair—if they force upon us the issue, whether
the Government shall go down to maintain the in-
stitutions of slavery, or whether slavery shall be
obliterated to sustain the Constitution and the
Government for which our fathers fought and bled,
and the principles that were concentiatod in their
blood—1 say, sir, when the issue comes, if they
force it upon us, that one or the other is to be
overthrown, then I am for the Government and
against slavery, and my voice and my vote shall
be for sweeping the last vestige of barbarism from
the face of the continent. 1 trust that necessity
may not be forced on us; but when it is forced
upon us, let us meet it like men, and not shrink
from the high and holy and sacred duties that are
laid upon us, as the conservators of not only of
Government, but as the conservators of the eter-
nal principles of justice and freedom for the whole
human family.
It is better, Mr. President, that we should un-
derstand each other; and I repeat, in conclusion,
that when the issue comes—and if it comes, it
comes because it is forced upon us; itcomesupon
us as a hard, unwelcome necessity—I trust we
shall be found adequate to the cmetgency; i trust
that our hearts will not fail us ni the day of that
terrible conflict; for it is to be a terrible one if this
war goes on. If rebellion does not recover of its
madness; if American citizens will continue so
infatuated as to prosecute still further this unnat-
ural war against the best and most blessed Gov-
ernment that the world has ever known, this issue
may be forced upon us. I say it is not tiue, as
gentlemen have ventured to assert, that if it were
known by the people of the great North west that,
in any possible contingency, this war might result
in the overthrow and extermination of slavery,
they would no longer give their support to this
Government. If it were known or believed by
the people of the great Northwest that this Gov-
ernment could become so recreant to its duties as
to shrink from meeting thatgreatquestion, when
forced upon us, in my opinion they would descend
in an avalanche upon this Capitol, and hurl us
from the places we should be unworthy to fill.
We do not desire this issue; we do not want
this necessity; but we have no power to prevent
it; and it is better that the people everywhere
should understand thet, if the necessity is forced
upon us, our choice is promptly, instantly, man-
fully made, and made for all time—that we make
the decision, and we will abide by the decision,
to stand by the Government; and if it does go
down, if not only this nation, but if the great
brotherhood of mankind everywhere, is to witness
that unspeakable and unheard of calamity of the
overthrow of constitutional government here, let
us go down in a manly effort to sustain and up-
hold it, and to sweep away the causes that brought
upon us all this trouble. j
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I have the
deepest sympathy with the new Senator from Vir- j
ginia, who has spoken on this subject; and for !
one, I would not lay a single burden on the back
of that Senator and his gallant and oppressed peo-
ple that they cannot bear. Yet, sir, I introduced
a bill to which reference has been made to-day
and on a previous day; and I expect, on some
occasion, when we shall have finished the busi-
ness that has called us together, to give the rea-
sons that induced me to offer that bill, and take
myself the consequences of it. But I want to say
here, in passing, one word only to-day. I have
read the history of this country in vain if I am
now to believe that slavery has had nothing to do
with this lebelhon. The position of the Senator
from Virginia was, that there were other causes,
and not slavery, that had produced it. I say i
have read to no purpose if that declaration bo
true. My earliest readings were as long ago as
1820, when this Capitol and this Government
were in commotion, when Missouri was sought
to be introduced into the Union, on account of
this very institution of slavery. I remember that
that struggle lasted here from 1817 to 1821, and
was finally settled by a compromise-. I remem-
ber, too, that in 1850, when the compromise meas-
ures of that year were brought in here, there was
an earnest and protractedstruggle,and that the ele-
ments of that struggle were the same that are here
to-day, growing out of this institution of slavery.
I remember, too, that in 1854 there was a pro-
longed struggle here for weeks over the proposi-
tion for the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
I should like to inquire of gentlemen if the dis-
turbing elements in our Government have been
anything else than questions growing out of hu-
man slavery. 1 have now only to say that these
elements, which have existed among us for forty
years, have culminated m a point, in this year
1861, and burst out into rebellion. It has pro-
voked and produced this war. I cannot yield,
then, for a moment, to the doctrine that slavery
has had nothing to do with this rebellion.
But the gentleman further is astonished at the
presumption of presenting a confiscation bill, lev-
eled against the property of a portion of the citizens
of the country. I will remind Senators that this
is a year of sacrifices and of great sacrifices. The
loyal citizens of the loyal States are responding
this year in untold millions, and are responding
too when they neither provoked nor produced this
war. '"They have not only come up to our bill of
§500,000,000, and five hundred thousand men,
pouring out the best blood and treasure of the
country; but they have to stand the repudiation
of the South. She has lepudiated in her corpo-
rate capacity, by State legislation, and so haveher
individual debtors, so«tlmt the loyal citizens of the
free Slates are bending to-day under an accumu-
lated load of southern repudiation. If the inci-
dental results of this war are leveled at the species
of property to which the gentleman refers, I can
only say that it is a year of sacrifices to us all:
and if they are called upon to sacrifice that species
of property, it is only a sacrifice in harmony with
the sacrifices that the loyal States of the Union
are called upon to make. But, I will not take this
opportunity to give my reasons for introducing that
bill. When the business that called us together
shall have been accompli shed, and there is a leisure
hour in the Semite, I will embrace that opportu-
nity to do so.
Mr. CARL1LE. Mr. President, I know I owe
an apology to the Senate for attempting, at this
very early moment after my admission to the priv-
ileges of tins body, to thiow myself upon its in-
dulgence. But, sir, when I assure them that I
am only prompted to do so by an ardent love of
country, and a sincere desire for the maintenance
of our institutions, under which we have so long
grown and prospricd, I trust that they will for-
give me. I do not regard myself as full fledged
yet in this body. *
Mr. President, I desired to be understood as
saying that the institution of slavery did not, of
necessity, produce this rebellion; and therefore
gentlemen had no right., in justice, to level all their
artillery against the rights of the people of one
section of the Union', to the property which is
tolerated and acknowledged by their laws. Be-
cause a conspiracy has been inaugurated to over-
throw and destroy the Government, are you to
overthrow and destroy the rights of property in
one half of the States of this Union ? Did gentle-
men attempt to destroy commerce in 1832, because
the tariff was made the pretext for the rebellion
that was attempted to be inaugurated then?* Does
it follow that commerce is an evil, because resist-
ance to tariffs, growing out of commerce, was
made the pretext by South Carolina, in 1832, far
an attempt to throw off her allegiance to this GroV-
ernmentand to disconnect herpeople from it? As
well should you have made a war upon commerce
then, as to attempt now to make war upon an in-
stitution existing in one half of the States of thia
Union; and in the very breath that you speak
when you advocate such a war, you say that you
arc waging it—for what? For the maintenance of
the Constitution! And do you not violate the
Constitution in any effort that you may make to
destroy an institution known to the laws of the
States of the Union? What right have you, sir,
as a Senator upon this floor, to go into my State
and to thrust yourself between me and my prop-
erty, and to say that I shall not own it and dis-
pose of it in accordance with the laws of my State?
What would the Government be, that would be
preserved after conduct like that?
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator permit
me one moment?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BROWNING. If he understood me as
announcing any wish, or any intention, that this
war should be a war waged against slavery, he
totally misapprehended my meaning.
Mr. CARLILE. I did not so understand the
Senator.
Mr. BROWNING. For I took especial pains
to say that I would rejoice to see this war term-
inated; and, if the institution still existed when
it is terminated, I should be for giving it then, as
we had always done heretofore, in the best faith
in the world, every possible protection that the
Constitution and laws intended it should have;
but that, if the issue was forced upon us, as it
might be, to make a choice between the Govern-
ment on the one side, and slavery on the other,
then I was for the Government.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, that issue
never can be forced upon the Senator; it never can
be forced upon this country. I will agree with
the Senator that those who have originated this
rebellion; that those who have been conspiring
for years to overthrow the Government, have
attempted to draw aid to their cause; and to enlist
the sympathies of others, of loyal hearts, if you
please, in their maddened scheme by their appeals
to them upon this subject of slavery.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
allow me to say one word ?
Mr. CARLILE. With pleasure.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator a question. Should the armies of the
Union march into the slave States,ami the slaves
themselves should get up an insurrection, as I
believe will be the case, and flee to the armies of
the Union, or march out by the roads that the
Union armies march in, will the Senator, under
such circumstances, expect the people of the
North, or the armies of the North, to become the
servants of the traitors, and return those slaves to
their traitorous masters?
Mr. CARLILE. The gentleman is putting a
question to me entirely foreign to the subject;
but I will answer him in the language of the proc-
lamation of the gallant general, issued to the peo-
ple of Virginia when his army entered upon our
soil: "We come not among you, Vngimans, to
interfere with your rights ol property, and should
an insurrection be gotten up m your midst, the
iron heel of (his army will be yours to suppress
it." Sir, that is the language of a man who loves
his country, and who is disposed to obey itsJaws
and be at the head of the army of deliverance—
as I trust in God the armies of the Government
of the Union will be everywhere—to deliver the
people of the States that have been silenced and
intimidated; many of them driven from their
homes; and those who arc left behind terrified by
the conduct of disloyal men in their midst. That
should be the name—" the a/my of deliverance"
—that should be given to theforccs of the United
States everywhere, to protect us in our rights in
the Union of every and any description.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. While I think that
policy might be a correct one., so far as returning *
slaves to the Union men is concerned, I should
think it highly impolitic, anil in a military sense
highly improper, so far as the traitors are con-
cerned.
