190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr. CARLILE. I understand there are bills
in this House providing for the confiscation of the
property of those who are engaged in treasonable
conduct against this Government; and I know no
distinction between property. I am not complain-
ing of the exercise of all your constitutional power
to punish treason. That power, I trust, will be
exercised, as far as it can be, by every loyal State
in the Union; and I see that the proposition has
already been brought to the notice of the Legis-
lature of my own State. But, sir, for the love I
bear to this Union, wishing as I do its perpetuity,
I desire that no false impressions shall be made
upon the minds of those who are struggling now
in the midst of an opposition which gentlemen
outside cannot appreciate, to maintain their loy-
alty and their position in the Union. No infer-
ences should be allowed to be drawn by those who
are laboring side by side and shoulder to shoulder
to maintain the supremacy of the Government
and by its laws—no inferences, I say, should be
drawn, from anything that may be said here, to
paralyze their efforts in this behalf within the
States in which they reside.
Mr. President, there cannot be a man who has
reflected on this subject seriously, who can Ue-
lieve for a moment that, if ever you make this a
sectional war, it will end, or that there will beany
Government left to maintain. Sir, it is because
of this conviction that I have endured what I
have for months and months that have gone by.
I desire that this shall never becomc a sectional
war. Make it a sectional war and you will never
live to see its end, and there will be nothing left
to save. Separate always the loyal people in each
and every State of this Union from those who are
making war upon the Government, and give them
the aid and protection that the Government should
afford to them, and at an earlier day than many
gentlemen possibly contemplate, this rebellion
will be crushed out, and treason will hide its head
forever.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to de-
tain the Senate longer than a few minutes. The
Senator from Ohio, I trust, is satisfied by this time
that the amendment which! have offered is proper.
That Senator declared—and 1 was pleased to hear
him utter such sentiments—that nobody desired
to wage tins war for the purpose of abolishing the
institution of slavery in" the States; he declared
that nobody wished to wage this war for the pur-
pose of reducing States to conquered provinces,
ile seemed to look on my amendment as a kind
of reflection on the body. I trust that, since the
Senator has heard the speeches of Senators on his
side of the Chamber, he must see the necessity
for this amendment. The Senator from Kansas
boldly affirms m his place here that slavery will
not Kurvivoflthe march of the Union Army through
any State. lit; boldiy, unequivocally, and with-
out qualification, aifirms it.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the gentleman allude
to me ?
^Mr. POWELL, i alluded to the Senator from
Kansas before me, [Mr. Lank,] not to the Senator
on my ri^ht, [Mr. Pomerov.] The Senator from
Ohio, [Mi. Sukkman,] then, must see that there
are some who differ from him. The Senator ft om
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] seemed to think that 1
had misrepresented his position; but after listen-
ing to the explanation of the distinguished Sena-
ator, ] am satisfied that I properly and truly rep-
resented his position. When the Senator defines
his position, 1 find it to be, in substance, what I
said it was.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Browning]
says that if the necessity comes, he is for over-
throwing this institution, and saving the Consti-
tution and the country. That Senator boldly and
vehemently says that, if he does this, it will be
to uphold constitutional govei nment. I ask that
Senator if he can uphold constitutional govern-
ment by putting the Constitution of his country
under his feetr It was well said by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Carlile,] that this Govern-
ment has no power to make war upon this insti-
tution, and to abolish it in the States where it
exists; but the Senator from Illinois, for the pur-
pose of upholdingconstitutional government, will,
forsooth, destroy the Constitution of ins country
^and rob the people, if the necessity should present
itself, of their property in nearly half the States
of this Union. So far from upholding, you would
destroy constitutional government; you would
overthrow the Government and the Constitution;
the forms even would be gone. Senators on the
other side of the Chamber, all that have spoken,
with the exception of the distinguished Senator
from Ohio, have avowed that if the necessity of
which they speak should exist, they will abolish
slavery in the States; that they will, as I under-
stand them, reduce sovereign States to prov-
inces 
Mr. SHERMAN. ' Will the Senator permit
me to say a word?
Mr. EOWELL. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not accustomed to
this style of argument. I do not wish to be
placed in that position. I do not understand either
the Senator from Kansas on my right, or the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, or the Senator from Kan-
sas behind me, to say that it is the purpose of this
war to abolish slavery. It is not waged for any
such purpose,or with any such view. They have
all disclaimed it. Why then does the Senator in-
sist upon it? I will now say, and the Senator may
make the most of it, that rather than see one
single foot of this country of ours torn from the
national domain by traitors, I will myself see
slaves set free; but at the same time I utterly dis-
claim any purpose of that kind. If the men who
are now waging war against the Government,
fitting out pirates against our commerce, going
back to the old mode of warfare of the middle
ages, should prosecute this rebellion to such an
extent that there is no way of conquering South
Carolina, for instance, except by emancipating
her slaves, I say emancipate her slaves and con-
quer her rebellious citizens; and if they have not
people there enough to elect members of Con-
gress and Senators, we Will send people there.
Let there be no misunderstanding my position; I
wish it distinctly understood; but at the same
time I utterly disclaim that it was any purpose,
or idea, or object of this war to free the slaves.
On the contrary, I am in favor of the Constitu-
tion as it is; I am in favor of giving the people,
the loyal people of the southern States, every
constitutional right that they now possess. I
voted last winter to change the Constitution for
their benefit, to give them new guarantees, new
conditions. I would not do that now; but I did
last winter. I will give them all the Constitution
gives them, and no more.
Mr. POWKLL. I regret, sir, to have iieard
the last speech of the Senator from Ohio, because
lie seems to have abandoned the high conserva-
tive ground he occupied in hisfirstremarks. The
Senator is mistaken, however, when he says that
none of the gentlemen on that side are for eman-
cipating slavery now. I fioted down the very
words of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,]
when he most vehemently declared that slavery
would not survive the march of the Union Army
through one of the States of this Union.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I said
that, and 1 repeat it; but while I say that, I dis-
avow any intent upon the part of the Govern-
ment or its Army to war against the institution
of slavery, i said that the effect of marching an
army on the soil of any slave State will be to
instil! into the slaves a determined purpose to free
themselves; and, in my opinion, they will crush
out every thing that stands in the way of acquir-
ing that fieedom. I said to the Senator from Vir-
ginia that, in my opinion, there would be a colored
army marching out of the slave States while the
army of fieedom was marching in. When I say
that, I mean, of course, those slave States where
they hold slaves in large numbers. I do believe,
Mr. President, that whenever the army of free-
dom, the Army of the Union, is marched into
Arkansas, into Louisiana, into either of the Car-
olina^, Alabama, or Georgia, it will be the tocsin,
if you please, for an insurrection of the slaves,
and that they will overthrow everything that
stands in their way. So far as I am concerned, I
do not propose to make myself a slave catcher for
traitors and return them to their masters; but I
would do this—and it is known to Senators that I
have expressed that opinion—1 would, at this ses-
sion, digest a plan to colonize the slaves thus liber-
ated by their own act at some point outside t>f the
Union convenient thereto. Sir, I want to see, so
soon as it can be done constitutionally, these two
races separated, an ocean rolling between; that—
South America—the elysium of the colored man;
this the elysium of the white.
Mr. POWELL. Still, sir, it does not seem,
from the speech of the Senator, that his object is
a constitutional one. The Senator from Kansas
on my right [Mr. Pomeroy] proclaims this a year
of sacrifices; and hence*, he says, he is for eman-
cipating the slaves in all the seceded States by law
of Congress. He is for doing it now, instanter.
He is not for waiting for the Army, but he wishes
to use the legislative weapon; he wishes to pass
a law which is now on your table for that pur-
pose. Mr. President, I think every gentleman
who has listened to the sentiments of the honor-
able Senators on the other side of the Chamber,
must see the necessity of the amendment I have
proposed. Its adaption would at least satisfy the
people that the object of this war is not for the
purpose of reducing the States to conquered prov-
inces or for emancipating their slaves and destroy-
iogtheir property.
The Senator from Kansas, however, proposes
to amend the amendment, by adding to it the
words " unless it shall become a necessity to en-
force the laws and maintain the Constitution of
the Union." Do you not observe that the Sena-
tor would adopt these means—to wit, the emanci-
pation of the slaves and the reduction of States to
conquered provinces—for the purpose of execut-
ing the laws if the necessity should arise ? Why,
sir, in that very act does not the Senator destroy
the Constitution and overthrow the laws? Cer
tainly he does. He would execute the laws and
maintain the Constitution by overthrowing the
Constitution itself and trampling the laws under
his feet. You must, upon the very presentation
of the case, see that the position occupied by the
Senator is not tenable. In order to execute the
laws and maintain the constitutional authority of
the Government, the Senator would do acts that
would utterly overthrow the Constitution and
violate the laws of the country. That is a strange
position; but it is the position of the Senator from
Kansas—nothing more, nothing less.
Sir, you have no right, under the Constitution
of our country, to make a war of this kind upon
the States of this Union. You have no risht to
enter with your armies any State of this Union
and despoil the people of their property. When-
ever you do it, sirs, you become national robbers,
national freebooters—that is the whole of it.
What would be thought if it were proposed to
march an army against New York or against any
of the northern States, and to despoil their people
of their houses, their goods, their chattels, and
their lands? Would not the whole world look
upon it, and justly, too, as an overthrow of the
constitutional liberties of those people? And yet
you propose to do that in the name of the Consti-
tution I Professedly executing the laws and main-
taining the Constitution, you will destroy the
Constitution, you will set the laws at defiance, and
you will commit acts revolting fo men and to
God. Every man who will vote for the amend-
ment of the Senjftor from Kansas, will declare by
that vote, that if the necessity of which gentlemen
have spoken should arise in their judgments, they
are willing to reduce States to provinces, and to
abolish slavery in the States. That is the plain
Saxon of it.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose further to
detain the Senate. As to the remarks of the Sen-
ator concerning the oppiessions of the slave
power, 1 will not enter upon that subject here;
but I feel able to maintain that the slave power
has never oppressed, but that it has been op-
pressed by the North. However, I will not enter
into that controversy here further than to say that
I hold the very converse of what gentlemen have
asserted on that point to be true. 1 nsk for the
yeas and nays on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kansas to my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have asked the Senator
from Kansas to allow me to offer a substitute for
the whole proposition, and I suppose, under the
rules of the Senate, it will be necessary for him to
withdraw his amendment to enable me to do that.
When that is done, I shall offer what I send to
the Chair, as a substitute for the proposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the amend-
ment of the Senator of Kansas to the amendment
withdrawn ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The yeas and nays
have been ordered.
