1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered on it, the amendment
to the amendment cannot be withdrawn, cxcept
by unanimous consent. *
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rose, and addressed the
Chair respectfully, before the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I think, by common consent,
we may have the proposition read for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. That there may be no
misunderstanding on this question, as to whether
it requires unanimous consent, I beg to state that
the Senator from Ohio rose and addressed the
Chair before the announcement was made that the
yeas and nays had been ordered; and, therefore,
it does not require unanimous consent for the
amendment to be withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the proposed substitute is asked for. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read it; to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the amendment, and insert the
following in lieu thereof:
That tlio purposes of the mihtaiy establishment piovided
for in this hill ate to presetve the Union, to defend the
piopeny, ami to maintain the constitutional authority of the
Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
feel at all disposed to be frightened by words.
The effect of having the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky putupon record here,
and voted on, I suppose, would be to give to those
Senators m the slave States, who are so disposed,
a chance to argue that because we would not vote
on that amendment, therefore that is the object.
Sir, that game was played on the Senate the whole
of its last session. Propositions that nobody was
in favor of were advanced here byway of amend-
ment, or bill, or otherwise; and because they
were not voted, therefore the conclusion was that
everybody was in favor of that which they con-
demned.
Now, sir, what is the use of getting up a furi-
ous debate upon mere words? I was ready to
vofe on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky when it was offered, and to vote "no,"
for the simple reason that nobody in the world
wouldsupposethat,by my voting " no,"I was in
favor of either of the inferences that would be
drawn from it. If we allow ourselves to go on m
this way fighting shadows, contending against
piopositions that mean nothing, and •amount to
nothing, we shall never get through the business
of this session, and we shall furnish our adversa-
ries with ]ust what they want—not from the prop-
ositions, hut ftom the debates upon them—with a
chance to say that something is meant more than
appears upon the face of the paper. My advice—
and I <i'ivr it with all deference to our friends here
in public—is, when proposition^ of this kind are
advanced, that we have courage enough and confi-
dence enough in ourselves, to suppose that the
country knows what we mean ; and that the coun-
try will sustain us m doing what is necessary to :
be dont:; and that we are not to bo turned aside ;
from that necessary duly which is incumbent
upon us for the mere purpose of contending against
propositions that mean nothing so far as legis-
lation is concerned. In saying this, I do not mean
to say that the Senator means nothing; but I say
his proposition means nothing, and will come to
nothing.
Sir, I think the country demands of us that we
stop discussing these questions about slavery iu
Congress, that is to say, in this Congress. The
country understands—the Union people of the '
country, both in the free States and the slave j
States, understand—that we come here to meet a j
crisis; that we come to meet a rebellion; that we j
come here to protect the Constitution and the 1
Union, by providing means of defending both, ;
and not for the purpose of ventilating ourrhetoric I
upon questions that have been ventilated enough. 1
I lepeat again, not meaning to discuss this ques- !
tion, t he people understand what they are driving '
at. The people we repiesent here, and the people i
the honorable Senator from Virginia represents,
here,his portion of the State of Virginia, know j
that we are assembled for the purpose of provid- |
ing means and putting them into the hands of the !
Government to suppress this wicked rebellion |
which is now among us; and, sir, wc cannot do i
it by talking about causes. We meet it as a fact;
and the more wo talk about causes of offense, or
defense one way or the other, so far as parties are
concerned, whether the parties call themselves one
thing or another, the more we shall be delayed,
and the less shall we accomplish our purpose, and
the worse condition will that purpose be in when
it is accomplished. I therefore appeal to our
friends, those with 'whom I act, to let all these
things pass in silence. They can vote upon them,
and their vote will be a sufficient answer; and my
word for it, we shall not be misjudged, except by
those >vho desiie to misjudge us, and desire to
furnish causc for misrepresentation and misunder-
standing.
I rose simply for the purpose of saying this,
and to add that I shall carry it out by voting
against the proposition of my friend from Ohio
entirely, (for it is merely playing a game which
amounts to nothing,) and voting against the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator"from Kansas, and
voting against tiie original proposition, and every
proposition of the kind, and 1 leave the country
to judge whether I mean anything more than my
acts say that I mean.
Mr. Howe. I agree entirely with what has
been said by the Senator from Maine, that we can
vote as we intend to vote on this proposition, and
that portion of the country which we represent
will not misunderstand us. We are in no danger
of that. That, however, is not the only consider-
ation to be kept in view. There are other people
besides ours, composing a portion of the people
of this common Union, and a people, too, many
of whom, notwithstanding they may now be in
arms against the Government of the United States,
yet if they understood to-day the purposes of that
Government as we understand its purposes, would
be as true and as loyal to it as we are; and a peo-
ple who have not voluntarily and willingly and
willfully misunderstood us, the Government, or
its purposes; but a people who have been, as I
solemnly believe, deliberately and systematically
educated for many yeais to misunderstand oui
purposes. Now, sir, if a word can be said, when-
ever a proposition of this kind is offered, to un-
deceive that people, it seems to me that it is the
duty of Senators and of the Senate to speak that
word.
This amendment is submitted here by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. The purpose of offering the
amendment, 1 understand to be distinctly avowed
by him as follows: that if it be rejected, it may
be used before the people of those States holding
this institution of shivery within their midst, as
evidence that the purpose of this Government
in waging this war, is precisely the reverse of
what your President says it is; of what both
Houses of Congress say it is; of what each Sen-
ator who has spoken on this side of the Chamber
has avowed here. If that be the purpose of the
mover of this amendment, it seems to me the ten-
dency of it is but to perpetuate that great and fatal
blunder into which so many of the people of those
States have been plunged, only after a systematic
effort  
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. 110 WE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. 1 t>r<; leave to say to the Sen-
ator that he is misundeistundmg what 1 said. I
did notsiate that the objectof adopting the amend-
ment I proposed was for the purpose of letting the
seceded States know, but to let the people of the
whole country know, the objectof the war which
was now being wriged. My object was to let the
people of the whole country know that the object
of the war was not for the purpose of abolishing
slavery or reducing States to piovmees.
Mr. HOWE. I think, after all, the purpose
of the Senator in moving this amendment, as he
now states it, is precisely what I stated it to be at
first. If he supposes the cause of secession is to
gain any advantages in the northern portion of
the Union thiough efforts of this kind, he ought
to be undeceived. The loyal people of the Union ;
who have been summoned to put down this re-
bellion, know precisely what they mean by it.
The Senator fiom Ohio, the Senator from Illinois,
the Senator from Kansas, has each in his place
disclaimed $hy purpose of waging war upon any
vested right in any portion or State of the Union.
Yet each one of them avows his purpose to vote
against this amendment.
^ And if the amendment is lost, the Senator from
Kentucky, I understand, will urge its defeat,as
evidence that these Senators and the Senate mean
precisely what they say they do not mean.
Each one of those Senators has affirmed this:,
that if we force the country to the issue of choos-
ing between the continuance of slavery and the
perpetuation of the Government, then slavery
must fall. Everybody knows that is the simplest
of all conceivable truths. Everybody knows that
twenty million of loyal hearts have resolved that
if it be necessary, in order to perpetuate the Union,
not only will the slave property of the rebels, but
all other property of theirs, be sacrificed. And
not only will their property be sacrificed, if the
success of the war demand, but their lives also.
And not only their property and their lives, bufc
our property and our lives, also, most freely and
most unflinchingly.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator to give way
to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I will, in a few minutes.
Mr. WADE. This is a subject of great im-
portance, and I think that every Senator perhaps
should express himself upon it. I do not think
ifis required that this should be a short session.
When these ^reat transcendent events that are
passing are going on, the most important that ever
did happen to this nation, I think Congress ought
to remain here in session. That is my judgment;
and I am very anxious that it should not adjourn
until we can see further what is about to take
place than we can now. I hope the Senator will
give way to a motiorrHo adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. HOWE. I will accommodate myself to
the wishes of Senators. I did not rise here to
make a speech; I have no speech to make. I
rose to present a single reflection to the Senator
from Kentucky, wko moved this amendment, a
reflection which I, want to be borne in mind by
every Senator. The reflection is this: that if the
purpose of moving this and kindred amendments
is to make here an ambiguous record, by means
of which that false impression which has so long
been inculcated ,in the southern mind may be
widened and strengthened, they ought to be
abandoned.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to say one word?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. •
Mr. POWELL. The Senator speaks of a false
impression that the amendment I propose makes?
to the country, and a reflection on the Senate. I
will say to the Senator that I had no motive for
reflecting on the Senate or any Senator. If the
Senator and gentlemen on his side of the Cham-
ber wish to avoid what he is pleased to say is* a
wrong impression, let them vote foiv.the amend-
ment that I propose, and their acts will fully pro-
claim to the country that they have no such in-
tention as some persons have imputed to them,
and as some of themselves have declared. That
act of voting for my amendment by gentlemen on
that side of the Chamber, will be louder arid more
authoritative than any words, in my judgment.
Mr. HOWE. In reply to that, it is sufficient
for me to say that Senators jannot afford to vote
against their own convictions of propriety, for
the sake of rebutting a charge groundlessly urged
against their purposes and motives, and that when
Senators disavow before the Senate and the coun-
try a particular purpose, their words are loud and
authoritative enough.
I was about to urge this reflection, and in view
of the general impatience of the Senate, I will
submit and end what I have to say.
The more wide spread that unhappy prejudice
becomes, the more general that false impression
to which I have referred shall prevail in the south-
ern portion of the Union,-the more of their peo-
ple will probably incur the guilt and the conse-
quences of rebellion. If thereforeit be the object
of the Senator who moved this amendment to in-
volve more of his constituents, or more of the
people of his section in the guilt of treason and in
its penalties, then precisely such motions as this
before the Senate woukUseem to be in order. But
if, on the contrary, he desires to secure, either to
the people of his country, his section, or his
State, the blessings and immunities of peace, let,
him tell them candidly, as he is himself told
frankly, that while the war is prosecuted for no
purpose of sacrificing private rights, yet while it
is necessary to prosecute it for the purpose of
