192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18.
vindicating the supremacy of the people and the
Constitution,they know the actual sacrifice of pri-
vate rights will be limited, not by the strength
of the written law, but by the strength and res-
olution of the opposing forces.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. POLK. I understood there was a motion
made to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion to adjourn before the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Bright, Johnson of Missouri,
Kennedy, Latham, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Wade, and
Willey—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Harris, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDoufiall, Morrill, Nesmltll,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and
Wilson—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment to theamendment; and
on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered. .
Mr. POLK. Before the vote is taken, I think
it is due to justice, to truth, and to myself, that
I should say a few words, inasmuch as I think
the Senator from Illinois ^Mr. Browning] re-
ceived a wrong impression from what I said a few
days ago. 1 do not mean to occupy the time of
the Senate. I feel that I have occupied as much
time during the session as it is right and proper
I should; and I would not now say a word, but
for the reason I have just suggested.
I did not mean to be understood, and I am sure
I did not say anything that would justify the in-
ference which the Senator from Illinois deemed to
draw from the speech I made the other day. I made
no admission that the proclamation by the Presi-
dent was for the purpose of defending this capital
at all. Sir, there is a very great mistake on that sub-
ject. I have that proclamation now in my desk,
and I-say there is not one word in that proclama-
tion that refers to the defense of the capital at
all. On the contrary, the President says that the
first duty assigned the troops will probably be
the repossessing of the forts and places belonging
to the Government in the States that claim to
have seceded.
When I was up a few days ago, I took the
ground distinctly, and I maintain thatground still,
that the President in that proclamation not only
did not pursue the spirit or the letter of the act of
1795, but went in violation of it. As I said then,
I believe now, that he referred to that act, so as
to use it in the nature of a false pretense for the
course he pursued; that he used the act in a case
to which the act was not applicable at all; that he
attempted to cicate a rebellion or resistance to
the law, and then call upon troops to put down
the resistance, whic^ resistance had not devel-
oped itself in any one of the States to" which
he referred, so that he could say he had ever
made an effort in any one of the States to enforce
the laws, and that that effort had been unsuccess-
ful by virtue of resistance in those States.
I do not mean to detain the Senate, but I mean
to say that there is a wrong impression on this
subject. This proclamation was not for troops
tor the purpose of defending this capital at all. I
do not believe tile President had such an idea in
his mind, and I say that because I believe if he
had had the idea in Ins mind, ho would have ex-
pressed it in his proclamation. His proclamation
is for a different purpose entirely. At that time,
I do not believe the President or anybody else
imagined that tiie capital was in danger in the
least degree.
Mr. President, as I said, I do not wish to say
anything for the purpose of occupying the time
of the Senate; but 1 wish to icier to what the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Air. Lane] said in regard to
the aggressions by fillibusteis in Missouri on the
Territory of Kansas. 1 am one of those who are
perfectly satisfied that in that matter Missouri
and Missourians were more sinned against than
sinning.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As the Senator from Ken-
tucky has introduced this amendment, I shall vote
for it. I shall vote for it because I hold that,
whatever are the purposes and objects of this war,
this Government has no right to wage a war for
the purpose indicated in the amendment, of sub-
jugating sovereign States or reducing them to prov-
inces. I do not say that that is the object of this
war. Its friends deny that that is the object. If
I knew, or if I believed, that waging this war
would result in reducing the seceded States to
provinces, to be held as such—if I foresaw that,
in the prosecution of this war, the President of
the United States, or any person else, was to be
clothed with high dictatorial powers, as has been
indicated by some of the speeches made in this
body—I should be unjust to the promptings of
my own heart, I should be unjust to the feelings
of humanity which ought to govern every man,
I should be unjust to my country and my God,
if I, directly or indirectly, sanctioned or counte-
nanced such prosecution another hour.
Sir, my humble mission here tvas to do what
I could for peace. I had hoped, from the great
unanimity of opinion which was expressed from
one end of this country to the other, during the
last session of Congress, in favor' of what was
known as the Crittenden proposition, that the
Senators of the United States and the Represent-
atives, fresh from communing with the people,
would see that it was far better to propose some
honorable mode of adjustment to stay the bloody
tide of war, rather than to desolate this hitherto
happy and prosperous land. But, sir,never having
believed in the principle of secession; never having
believed that there were adequate causes for the
exercise of that principle, and carrying it into
practice, even if it had been a true principle; I
came here, if the majority of the Congress of the
United States chose to assume the awful respons-
ibility of denying peace, to the land, and were
determined towage this war; if, in their judgment,
they could preserve by war this Union, which is as
dear to me as it is to them, and which $500,000,000
and five hundred thousand men would be a very
small price to secure ; if, in their judgment, they
thought they could preserve the Union by war, I
intended that they should pursue their course, as
far as I was concerned, without factious opposi-
tion on my part.
I believe, however, that in securing the Union
by that means you have adopted the most costly,
most expensive, and mostawfu! mode of preserv-
ing it; when you might have preserved it at much
less cost, and, as I believe, more effectually. I
fear, sir, not that the proposition offered here to-
day will have such a tendency, but that the ex-
pressions, the unwise—I would to Heaven that I
could say the thoughtless—expressions which
have fallen from the lips of gentlemen in discuss-
ing this proposition will make more disunionists
than your armies will make Union men. My
people, as I think, almost unanimously believe
that this, like every other Government, has the
power to preserve itself from destruction; and the
only question with them is, whatis the best mode
of preserving this Government from destruction?
Last winter, through their representatives in Gen-
eral Assembly, they expressed the opinion that it
was by the adoption of peaceable measures, and
not by war. 'I hey are offering now no opposi-
tion to the majority in this Congress passing all
needful war measures, if, in their judgment, the
Union can be thereby preserved. But, sir, when
the lightning flashes along the wires the expres-
sions that have fallen from the lips of Senators
here to-day, peaceful, honest citizens will begin
to look with dread and alarm at the bloody pic-
ture which you have unfolded before them.
I would that the majority of the Senate had
voted directly in favor of the proposition submit-
ted by the Senator from Kentucky. It is no use
to disguise the fact that there is an impression
with hundreds and thousands of honest people
along the border, that the ultimate object of pros-
ecuting this war is for the abolition of slavery;
they are sure that with some that is the object. I
would that that impression was removed, and that
you, by your votes, would put it upon the broad,
square basis, the only broad basis upon which it
can be sustained—the preservation oft be integrity
of the American Union; and that you mean to
wage it, not by unconstitutional means, but in
harmony with the spirit and meaning of the Con-
stitution.
I have thought it due to myself,sir,thus briefly
to explain the reasons of the vote which I shall
give.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the rules will per-
mit it, as I suggested to the Senator from Ohio
before the yeas and nays were ordered, I shall
cheerfully withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that the
amendment cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I desire the
word "military" to be inserted in the amend-
ment; so as to make it read:
Unless a militaiy necessity shall exist in enforcing the
laws and maintaining the Constitution of the Union.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the question must be taken on the amend-
ment as it is, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to move his as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it cannot be offered as a substitute;
and the yeas and nays having been ordered on this
amendment, it cannot be withdrawn or altered,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suggest that there
will probably be no objection to the introduction
of the word " military," before " necessity," as
desired by the Senator from Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator can modify his amendment
in any manner he pleases. It requires the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to modify the amend-
ment after the yeas and nays are ordered on it.
The Chair hears no objection. It is now in the
power of the Senator from Kansas to modify it.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to hear it read
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment, as modified, is called for. It
will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment.
Mr. LATHAM. Read both amendments.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Powell, which was to add, as an additional sec-
tion, the following:
And he it further enacted, That no part of the Afmy or
Navy of the United States shall bo employed, or used, in
subjugating or holding as a eonqueicd province any sover-
eign State, now or lately one of the United States, nor in
abolishing or interfering with African slavery in any of the
States.  
The amendment of Mr. Lane, of Kansas, was,
at the end of the amendment of Mr. Powell, to
add as follows:
Unless a military necessity shall exist for enforcing the
lavvd or maintaining the Constitution of the Union.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 11, nays 24follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Har-
lan, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Sumner,
Wade, and Wilson—ii.
NAYS—Messis. Brcckinridge, Bright, Drowning,Cailile,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimed, Hale, Hams, Howe,
Johnson ot Tennessee, Johnson of Missouri, Kennedv, La-
tham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesnnth, Polk. Powell, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and Willey—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Powell.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, which was indicated, to strike out and
insert.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that that is not in
order. The yeas and nays have been ordered on
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. The yeas and nays have been
ordered 011 the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. On the amendment as an ad-
ditional section to the bill. Now it is competent
for the Senator from Ohio to move to amend that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
decides. The Chair is of opinion that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio is in
order.
