THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1861.
New Series No. 13.*
Mr. BRIGHT. As an amendment to the
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As I propose to offer
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, I desire to call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is not an amendment to an amend-
ment, but it is an amendment to the additional
section which my colleague proposes to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky
{Mr. Powell] was an amendment to the bill.
The motion of the Senator from Ohio is to amend
that, which is an amendment to an amendment.
The Chair can entertain that motion as now being
in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. The object of the Senator from
Kentucky, as I understand, Mr. President, is to
get a direct vote on his proposition. The object
of the Senator from Ohio is to supersede that
amendment by striking out and inserting other
matter in its stead, thus avoiding what 1 want,
and what I presume the mover of the original
pioposition wants,namely, a dnect vote. 1 will
say frankly that I should prefer that course for
this reason: there is what may be callcd a trian-
gular sentiment in this Chamber that ought to b  
made public; there are three parties here. I will
not consume the time of the Senate at this late
hourin theeveningdescribingminutely the shades
of difference; but, in general terms, they may be
classified thus: The extreme wing of the Repub-
licans, known generally as Abolitionists,and rep-
resent! ng the sentiment of the New England States,
are for a war of subjugation, as they term it, and
the total abolition of slavery, which they believe
can be accomplished by the march of the Army
provided to raised by this bill, through or qvor
the States that have declared themselves out of
the Union.
Again, sir, inside of what is known as the Ad-
ministration party, on this floor and elsewhere,
are to be found a more conservative class, who
oppo.se this extreme policy, and among whom, I
infer from his remarks, made a few moments
since, is to be placed the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He would not, if 1 un-
derstood him correctly, sanction the policy so
openly proclaimed to-day by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas.
There is still another class here and in the coun-
try in favor of furnishing the Government with
all the aid that is necessary to defend the capital
of the United States againstanyand every enemy
that uia^ threaten or assail it, bu£ who ate not
willing to vote either men or money to invade
States that have formally declared themselves out
of the Union, until eveiy effort to secure peace
and an honorable adjusftnent has been exhausted.
There are a great many who do not believe that
all efforts have been exhausted; and I am free to
admit that 1 am one of that number. Notwith-
standing the motives of the mover of this proposi-
tion is brought in question by the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Wisconsin, and crit-
icised, too, with some severity, on the ground
that there is nothing practical in it, it cannot be
denied that a direct vote upon the issue raised
by this amendment will go far to settle public
judgment as to the true motive that prompts the
prosecution of this unnatural war. Avow by your
votes, in the plain and unmistakable language of
this amendment, that this war is not to be prose-
cuted for the subjugation of any sovereign State
now or lately one of the United States, nor to
abolish or interfere with slavery in any of the
States, and you do more to quiet the excited^ap-
prohonsions of the loyal Union men of the south-
ern States yet in the Union than has been effected
by all the legislation of the present session.
The gentleman from Virginia has told you that
the loyal men of that Commonwealth, true and
devoted to this Union and the Constitution, as
they have proven themselves to be, in his estima-
13
tion would never sanction this degrading doctrine
of subjugation and destruction of their property.
I have said that I believed that the Represent-
ativesofthe New England States in both branches
of Congress were in favor of making this a war
of subjugation, and generally in favor of abolish-
ing slavery in all the States—as well in those in
as those that claim to have left the Union. The
bill introduced by the Senator from Kansas speaks
in a language more pointed and powerful on this
subject than anything I can say, and will attract
the attention of thinking men everywhere, as well
as the extreme opinions uttered by several Sen-
ators in this debate.
No was something has been said as to the feelings
of the people in the great Northwest, allow me to
add that I have studied their character to but lit-
tle purpose, and know nothing of their opinions,
if any considerable portion of them prefer war
to peace, or are willing to aid in its further pros-
ecution in order to subjugate or hold as conquered
provinces any of the States of this Union, and
still less to declare slavery abolished where it now
exists by constitutional recognition. Avow that
this is your motive, this is the end and aim of the
party now in power, and you will find that thou-
sands of the honest loyal men that have come
promptly forward at the call of the Government,
will say: "We will join in no such crusade
against constitutional compacts; we are willing
to peril our lives to defend that instrument, and
unite these States again; but whatever wc do must
be done in the name of law and in aid of the Con-
stitution, not in violation of it." An affirmative
vote by both branches of Congress on this prop-
osition will go far, in my judgment, to quiet the
excited appichen&ions of thousands and tens of
thousands of men North and South.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senator from
Indiana is altogether mistaken. He says there
are three parties in this body, and in the country.
I denyit,sir. There are but two parties—patriots
and traitors; and none others, in this body or in
the country. I care not what proposition maybe
brought up to save the Union—to preserve its in-
tegrity—patriots will vote for it; and I care not
what pioposition you bring up to dissolve the
Union—to break up this Government—traitors
will vote for that; and those are the only two par-
ties there are in the Senate or the country.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think it has been
announced that the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the condition of business on
the table. I wont there a few moments ago and
looked at it. The proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was itself an amend-
ment, as you will see by referring to it. The
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky was an
amendment to the amendment; consequently an
amendment in the second degree, by the Senator
from Ohio, cannot be offered. The proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky, unless I am mis-
informed as to the state of business, exhausts the
question. If I am in error I shall be glad to be
corrected by the Clerk.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky
is mistaken. The amendment I submitted has
been adopted as the bill—adopted in Committee
of the Whole—and is the bill Wore us now; and
the motion made by his colleague is, to amend
the bill: and I think it is in order for the Senator
from Ohio to move to amend that amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The amendment was
adopted in committee; was it adopted in the Sen-
ate ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; it certainly has been
adopted.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I should be glad to
have the fact distinctly ascertained.
The PRESIDING GFFICER. The Chair
will slate that the Senator from Kentucky is right
in supposing that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts was an amendment
to the bill reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. That amendment was under dis-
cussion, and was amended in various particulars,
aad was then adopted in the Committee of the
Whole. That, of course, struck out the original
bill reported from the committee, and substituted
the amendment introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts, which is now the bill. The Senate
is yet in Committee of the Whole. The bill thus
in committee was subject to amendment; and the
Senator from Kentucky moved to amend it by
adding an additional section, which was sent to the
Chair, and read. Other amendments have been
proposed to it; and the Senator from Ohio now
moves an amendment to it; and the question is
upon that amendment, which is an amendment
to an amendment, and is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Chair allow me?
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky was submitted to the Senate, and the
yeas and nays demanded upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, as I understand him, desires the vote to be
taken on his amendment first. If the question
shall be taken on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio to the amendment, and that
shall be carried, no vote will be taken on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so;
but it is still within the power of the Senate, by
their vote, to amend the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, notwithstanding the fact
that the yeas and nays have been ordered upon
it. The fact that the yeas and nays have been
ordered does not prevent an amendment being
moved to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall not question the opin-
ion of the Chair on that point. No doubt the
Chair is correct. But the point I wish to state is,
that there are Senators who will vote directly for
this proposition, and in doing so—allow me to
say to the Senator from Michigan*—will feel that
they are no more obnoxious to the charge of trai-
tors than many gentlemen who will vote against
it; and who are not to be deterred from doing their
duty here fearlessly by any intimations or any
innuendoes implying a want of fidelity to the Gov-
ernment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read.
I have not heard it.
The amendment to the amendment was read,
as follows:
Stukc out all of the amendment after the word " en-
acted," and insert:
That the purpo«fisnf the military establishment provided
for in thin act arr to prcsei ve the Union, to defend the prop-
erty, and to maintain the constitutional authority ot the
Ciovoi nrmnit.
Mr. PESSENDEN called for the yeas and
liays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BRIGHT, (when his name was called.)
I dcsiie to state that I would vote for this amend-
ment as an independent proposition; hut as it
embarrasses the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, on which I wish a direct vote, I shall
not vote on this question.
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.)
I agree perfectly in both propositions. I vote
" yea" on this.
The call of the roll was concluded, and resulted
—yeas 27, nays 5.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is not a quorum voting.
Mr. KENNEDY, (who had voted in the nega-
tive.) I should like to change my vote; and I ask
the consent of the Senate to state my reasons. I
will vote " yea" for this amendment; but I should
have preferred a direct vote on the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky. I am in favor of
this, and I am of the other.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not vote, for the reason
