194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18.
2
that I wished to spread my vote, if passible, on
the record" in favor of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, so that it should speak for
itself. I vote " yea" on this amendment, to make
a quorum.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will simply state that,
upon examining the Constitution, it is ray de-
liberate judgment that twenty-five constitute a
quorum. I do not raise the point, because 1 am
not sufficiently familiar with the Senate to do so.
At the same time, I remark that I have no doubt,
tinder the Constitution,that twenty-five constitute
a quorum—there being but forty-nine members.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from Delaware are in now.
Mr. COIXAMER voted "yea."
Mi-. SAULSBURY. I am willing to vote to
make a quorum. I wish to accompany it, how-
ever with an explanation. I wanted a direct vote
on the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
but, as the only object for which this war can be
prosecuted is that which is stated in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio, I shall
vote for that, although I do not wish to substitute
it for the amendment of the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky. I vote " yea."
Mr. BINGHAM voted "yea."
Mr. KING voted "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 33, nays 4;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, l>in«rh.im, 15right, Kiowning,
Carhle,Chandler, Chirk. Collniuet, Cowan, Doolittle, Fe>-
seuden, Foter, ll.uUm, Ji.iiij--, Howe, Johiwmof
Tcnne^ee, Kennedy, Kin<„', Lane oi' Indiana, Law of Kan-
sas, Latham, MctioiiijaU, Monti!, NcMinth, Pomeioy,
Siiulslmty, Sherman, Snmnei, Ten Eyek, Wade, YVilley,
anil YVil ou—3J.
NAVS—Me^-i ■ . Breckinridge, Johnson of Missouri,
Polk, and Powell—4.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. iUlIiCLGNRiDGE. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio is now open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. RllECKLNRlDGE. For the purpose of
giving my colleague an opportunity to have a di-
rect vote on what I repaid us the subvstance of his
proposition, 1 .shall propose to amend the amend-
ment of the St^iulor from Ohio; and if my amend-
ment dors not meet the views of my colleague, i
will allow him to have it m> modified as to em-
brace inn idia. i send my amendment to the
Chair, and ask the Secretin y to read the amend-
ment of the Senator fiom Ohio, and to follow it
by reading the amendment which 1 propose.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Sher-
man, as follows:
JlnJ he it further cnuctcil, That the puipoxf^ of the mili-
t.uv establishment pu>\ ided tor m thw net aie to preseive
the TJnion, to deJ-'iul !'ie piopoiiv, and to maintain the
<. onstiiutjonal ;uitlioriiy of the Covfinment.
The amendment of Mr. Brkckin'ripou was to
add at the end of thin amendment the following:
f.tit the Ami} and Nuvy shall not he employed tot tlie
pin pn<c or Milijiejafinu anv State, of ledueinsi it to the con-
dition of a Teiutorj or pioviuee, or to nbolisli &laveiy
theiein.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. On that I ask for the
yens and nays.
The vea.5 and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARL1LE. I meiely desire to say that
I cannot vote lor the am'ndment to the amend-
ment, for the reasons which I assigned before. It
is a case, at least, that I shall never suppose.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
VfjAS—JJiveKinridiv, Bi^ht. Johinon of jMis-
"otiu. Kennedy, Lainain, N'Maitli, Polk, Powell, and
Baul-Un>—1).
NAVS— Anthony. Kni^ham. niownhnr, Caihie,
Chundlei, CJ.uk, CoHamer, Cow.ui, DooliUlc, Fe^enden,
Foot, Filter, <Ji ones, fl.tie, ll.iri.m. li.utis. Howe. Johnson
of Tynncfsee, K:n<rr L.uio ot' /ndiaaa, Lane of Kansas,
McDuuti.tll, lUo.uJh Foniejov, Sheninui, Sumnei. Ten
Eyek, Wade. H'liley, and Wilson—lit).
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment, it v, as rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments agreed to as m Committee of
the Whole were conciured in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiikridoje, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 19, making
additional appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 39, lJG2,and appropriations
of arrearages for the year ending June 30, 1861.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 56) in relation to forwarding sol-
diers' letters.;
A bill (No. 17) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to remit fines and penalties incurred in
certain cases; and
A bill (No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio and
other volunteers.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 1) to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signatuie of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 9) to alter and regulate the Navy
ration; and
A bill (H. R. No. 19) making additional appro-
priations for the naval service tor the year ending
June 30, 186:2, and appropriations of arrearages
for the year ending June 30, 1861.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 56) in relation to forwarding sol-
diers' letters—to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 17) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to remit fines and penalties incurred in
certain cases—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio and
other voltm'.eeis—to the Committee on Military
Allairs and the Militia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Air. SUMNER asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
35) for the punishment of conspiracy and kindred
offenses against the United States,and for the con-
fiscation of the property of the offenders; winch
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
THE Y0LUNTEE11 BILL.
Mr. "WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
on the hill (S. No. 1) to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enfoicms: the laws
and protecting public jjroperty, made the follow-
ing report:
The committee of eonfeiorioe on the di^agi coins: votes
of rite two lion-e^, on the bill (S. No. 1) to unthouze the
employment of volunteers to aid in enfoicim? the lawaand
protecting public piopeity, having met, alter full and tiee
confnenei: have agreed to iecommei!<l,and do recommend
to their le-peetive Houses,as follows:
That the limine oi Representatives lecede from its amend-
ments to the hill, except the eleventh and twehth sections,
and agree to rim lull of the Senate, with the following
amendment-* thereto :
Page 1, strike out the pieamble, and in hen theieof Ill-
icit tu lollow--: "Wheieas < ertain of the arsenal-?, ciiss-
tom-hou^e-*, navy-yuids and other propeuy of the United
Htatcs have been seized, and othei violation-* of law have
been committed and .tic tlueatened by oie.nu/.ed bodies- of j
men in ^ovei.il ot the St.ues, and a roii^piiuey Juts been
entered into to nveithiow the Government of the United
Suites : Therelote."'
i'uire 0, line nine, of .vction one, aftei the woul " piop-
eity,"' ftuke out as ioilow?-: " The voluntoeis mnsteied
into s-eivkv utulei this aet shall serve lor tlnee yerjs, uti-
le.-*. soonei dtsehai' nd by the President; but nothing m this
s-'etion s-hall alf.'Ot < nh-tments tm a shorter pei tod of vol-
unteer already inu-te>"d into :-emec and m iieu theieof
insult: Provided, That me seiMeed ot the volunteers
shall It;- ioi ^(;eh [am: as ilk* i'tvMdeat may diteel, not ex-
e"..'din«: tin ee j ears not i,-v^ than =ax month-, and rhey shall
he disbanded at the end of tne wai ; and all pi< visiOnr. v)f
law up|)heah!e to tluee-years' voiunt-jei> shall apply to two-
}i_ais voUii!te( is. and to ail voluuteei-? u no h.ive been or
may he ,i< eepted into the seiviee ot the L'mted States, tor
a penod not le*s tiian six iuorith>, m the same manner as
if such volunteer wei<; speeia!l\ named.''
At the end of line twenty3 m said section one, insoit as
follows: " And to the exigencies of the service at tire
time.5'
Pase4,line eleven, of section four, before the wouloffi-
cers," &trike tnu "subaltern."
Ta^e 6, line seven,oi section five, aftei the word " clotli-
jni?," insert "when not tmuj^ied in kind.-1'
i'age 6, after line sixteen, strike out a-s follows: Haels
cavalry volunteer wlio shall not keep himself supplied with
a serviceable horse, slral) servo on looj."
Page 7, hne seven, ot seetion six, after tbe word and,'7
insert "the widow, if there ue'on'"*, and if not
Page 7. line eight j of section seven, alter the word "the,"
wheie it'occms the second tune, stake out '4 dimn-majors
or."
Page 8, Hne six, of section eight, after the woul " the,"
strike out " company," and, m lieu thereof, insert "legi-
mcntal."
Pag*; 9, line twenty-five, of section ten, after the woid
"be," strike out "supplied," and, in iieu thereof, Insert
"filled."
Page 9, section ten, after the word " the," where it oc-
cms the second time in hne twenty five, strike out " offi-
cer* above that rank," and in lieu theieof inseit "com-
missioned oiReers of the icglment."
Page 9, hne twenty-seven, at the end thereof, add as
follows: "or by the President of the United States "
That the Senate recede fiom its Uisagicement to the
eleventh and twelfth sections of the amendments cf the
House of Kcprescntativeo, and a^ree tb<rcto.
HENRY WILSON,
JOHN C. TEN EYCK,
II, M. KICK,
Managcrs on the part of the Senate.
JTR ANOTS P. I'fjAIR, Jr.,
A. B OMN,
IlKNlMtiCK Jl. WRTGIIT,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate then
adjourned.
house of Representatives.
Thursday, July 18, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE PIUXM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced to the House that
the Senate insist upon their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Senate
authorizing the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty; agree to the committee of conference asked
for by the House; and have appointed Messrs.
Wilson',Tent Eyck, and Rice,as such committee
on the part of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House an answer of the Secretary of
the Treasury to the resolution of the House of
Representatives, December 31,18G0,calling for in-
formation of the total expenditure in each State
and Territory, for fortifications, improvements,
&c., since the adoption of the Constitution; which
was hud oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to the resolution of the
House of Representatives requesting the Secretary
of the Treasury to employ immediately a sutfr-
cient force to protect our commerce from the pirates
that now infest our seas; which was referted to
ti^e Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
UNITED STATES ARMORY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives to use their
exertions to procure the establishment of an arse-
nal and armory for the distribution of arms to the
northwestern States, on Rock Island, in the Slate
of Illinois.
Mr. VANDEVER. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Allaire.
The SPEAKER. A select committee was ap-
pointed for the consideration of thif; very subject;
but the question will be first put upon the motion
to refer to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative.
The resolution was then referred to the select
committee on the notional armory.
CONTINUANCE 0E COMMITTEES.
Mr. MOOPvHEAD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That all select committees appointed at this
