196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
certainly obvious that it is not right to single out
one particular State, and confine its operation to
the troops from that State, while the troops from
other States are similarly circumstanced. It seems
to me that it would be better to make this bill
general, and let the volunteers of all the States
have the benefits of it.
Mr. ALDR1C1I. That is right.
Mr. DAWES. There cannot be any harm in
making the bill so general as to embrace the vol-
toers of every State situated as those of Ohio are.
1 do not oppose the gentleman's bill; I only de-
sire to make this suggestion to him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal to my
colleague to yield me the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleague.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offered the res-
olution referring the subject to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The form of the resolution re-
quired a general amendment of the law, provided
any was necessary; but 1 believe the reason why
the bill is confined to Ohio volunteers is, that no
gentleman presented the case in committee for
any other State. Still the form of the resolution
would justify or require the committee to report
an amendment to the act of 1795 which would
embrace the volunteers of all the States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG. Will the gentle-
man allow me to understand one point?
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. Yes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to know
whether, by the statutes of the State of Ohio,
these troops are not paid by the State up to the
time when they were mustered into the service of
the United States?
Mr. PENDLETON,ofOhio. They are not, sir;
and therefore the necessity for proposing a bill of
this sort, confining it to States which stand exactly
in the same category as Ohio is. In some States
there are laws providing for the payment of the
militia or volunteers from the period of their re-
sponding to the call of the Presiilentup to the time
of their being mustered into the service of the
United States. In other States there is no such
provision. Ohio is one of those States. It is neces-
sary, then, that the volunteers from the States
which are situated aa Ohio is, shall have a bill of
this kind passed for their relief. It was because
no similar case was suggested to the committee,
that the bill was confined in its operations. The
committee will be happy to report a similar bill
for other States standing in the same position, but
I am unwilling that this bill should be delayed for
several days longer by having it recommitted. I
therefore again move the previous question.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
his demand for the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I will hear what
the gentleman has to say.
Mr. COX. I want to submit an amendment
which I think will moot the case. It will make
the case general, and then I think tho bill will bo
passed without any difficulty.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. Let it be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whore the militia,
of other States are situated similarly with that of Ohto, tho
War Department pay them according to the piovisions of
the foregoing section.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. If that be sat-
isfactory to the House, I have no objection to
accepting it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot accept
the amendment if he reports the bill from a com-
mittee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield to me for a moment. I
desire to move to recommit this bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, I decline to
yield for that purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
one word. I have great respect for the gentleman
from Ohio, and know that he will investigate this
matter if he lias time. The system of enrolling
volunteers does not assimilate in all the different
States. After we had enrolled soldiers for the
Mexican war there was a common law passed,
which accommodated every State. A commis-
sion was appointed to go into the several States,
anu there audit the accounts in connection with
the volunteers, and to pay all the volunteers who
had not been properly paid, and whose accounts
had not been ad justed. I hope the gentleman who
reported this bill will cast his eye over the law,
and will try to modify the bill by making it com-
prehend all the States. I am sure he is entirely
competent to do it. He has served on the Mil-
itary Committee in former sessions; and 1 know
no man better capable of grasping the whole sub-
ject. I hope he will consider the subject in that
view, and report a bill compiehending all the
States.
Mr. PENDLETON, ofOhio. } insist upon my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri^ I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the billon the table;
there-being, on a division—ayes 52, noes 54.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. PENDLETON,ofOhio. Imovetoamend
the title of the bill, by adding after the word
"Ohio," the word "and other;" so as to make
it read: " for the relief of the Ohio anjJ other
volunteers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. s. ,
Tho latter motion was agreed to. |
CHARGES AGAINST MR. MAY. *\j
Mr. HICKMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to make the following
report:
The Committee on tho Judiciary, to whom was referred
the resolution of ihe ilou->e, ot July 15, 1661, diroeui.g
them to inquno whethei the Hon UrvivY Ma', a Jlepie-
hCtitative in Confess from Ihe fourthdisuiotoi Maiylaml,
has nor boon found holding eunmial iuti'fouiso ami eoi-
rospondence with prison* in aimed lehtllion again?t the
Government of the United State-, reports :
That tho gentleman moving the ie?olution ofinquhy was
called bet'oie the committee, hut deelared himself ignoiant
of, and unable to pioduor any evidence tending to piove,
any of the matters icierred to in tho resolution, but that
they weie gioundod upon newspaper articles only. The
committee having nothing before them to implu-atc Mi.
M win holding eiitmnai inteioourse and coi respondent
with persons in armed lebelhon against the Government,
therefoie locommoml no action in the ease as nece.ssaiy on
tho part of tho House.
The oonmuitee Imtiier report, that the investigation he-
fore them oniuely relieves the President of the United
States and Lieutenant Genei.d tfeott of uu> suspicion of
a eoirespondoneo or attempted coaespoiulence thiough
Mr. May.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the report be
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I wish, as one of
the Representatives of the people 
The SPEAKER. There being nothing before
the House, the gentleman fiom Matyland asks
unanimous consent to proceed with a personal
explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. MAY. I trust that, under the circum-
stances, this opportunity will be afforded me by
those who share with me the piivileges of a Rep-
resentative under our system of government. I
am not well, and shall trespass but a little while
on the time of the House; and. in all probability,
I may not have another opportunity again to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. There is no objection to a
personal explanation. The Chair put it to the
House.
Mr. MAY. I am more than gratified, sir, that
the Judiciary Committee have, in this decisive
way, condemned an unparalleled outrage on the
privileges of a Representative; and that, on an
investigation, those who prompted it here, on
being called before the committee to adduce their
proofs, retired from the accusation, and have ad-
mitted that there was no grounds for it—not a
shadow of evidence to sustain it.
What am I to say of a proceeding like this—
based, as the report itself confesses it to have
been, upon mere newspaper rumor ? Upon the
idle gossip of the hour, a Representative of the
people is to be arraigned for a grave, nay, a hei-
nous, offense, and the attempt made to strip him
of his right to a seat upon this floor. I have no
words to express my indignation and disgust at
this proceeding.
Mr. Speaker, the report vindicates a principle,
and one which I had not thought it possible, even
in these evil days, successfully to assail—a pi in-
ciple which, however, seems now to have been
forgotten by the dominant party here—that there
was some presumption due to the character of a
Representative; some respect for the people who
elected him; some presumption in favor of the
principle of representation. I had never supposed
it could be imagined by even the most malignant
spirit in the land, that mere newspaper gossip
could give rise to so grave an allegation against a
Representative. Happily, sir, this proceeding has
now been condemned; the principle has been.vin-
dicated, and, I trust, finally.
For myself, let me say, that as it affected me
personally, the issue was of the lightest conse-
quence. At the time I received notice of this ac-
cusation, it was under my consideration whether
I could with honor come here and enter upon the
duties of a Representative upon this floor. The
humiliation that I felt at the condition of my con-
stituents, bound in chains; absolutely wirhontthe
the rights of a free people in this land; every pre-
cious right belonging to them under the Consti-
tution, prostrated and trampled in the dust; mili-
tary arrests in the dead hour of the night; drag-
gn)gthei;nost honorable and virtuous citizens from
their beds, and confining them in forts; searches
and seizures the mostrigorousand uuwanantable,
without pretext of justification; that precious and
priceless writof habeas counts,for which,from the
beginning of free government, the greatest and best
of men have lived and died—all these prostrated
in the dust; and hopeless imprisonment inflicted
without accusation, without inquiry or investiga-
tion, or the prospect of a trial. Sir, is there a
Representative ot the people of the United States
here in this body, acknowledging the sympathy
due to popular rights and constitutional liberty,
who does not feel indignant at the perpetration of
these outrages? If so, it will be the oppoitunity
of this House promptly to redress them. The
country will see whether that, redress will be
afforded; wo shall see whether there is not yet a'
redeeming spirit in our Constitution, that amid
the fierce conflict of arms will yet appear like an
angel of peace in this Hall, dedicated to republi-
can freedom, to vindicate the majesty of the vio-
lated laws.
Mr. flUTCHINS. I rise to a question of
order. I understood the gentleman from Mary-
land to ask the indulgence of the House to make
a personal explanation relating to the appoint-
ment of a committee to investigate his case.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman stated he
desired to make a personal explanation, and the
House gave him that permission.
Mr. HUTCH INS. And instead of making a
personal explanation, he is bringing chaiges
against the manner in which his constituents have
been treated by the military authonties of the
Government. 1 say that does not come within
the purview of the personal explanation which the
House gave its permission for him to make, and
I therefore abject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land rose and asked the House to permit him a
personal explanation. The House gave him the
permission he asked; and having been given, the
Chair holds that it is for himself to judge as to
what he considers to be a personal explanation.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Pattok, one of their cleiks, notifying the
House that the Senate had elccted Solomon Foot
as President pro tempore.]
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken of
some considerations looking to my presence as a
Representative in this Hall. I was about to say
that, in view of my own dignity, if 1 had alone con-
sulted it, my own sense of the privileges and the re-
sponsibilities of a Representative here, and of my
own judgment upon the transactions ofthis body,
and the circumstances of my situation as a Rep-
resentative, I should have absolutely declined
