1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
to take the oath of office here, and resigned the
empty honor of my seat. I would have preferred
to wait to'see whether the action of this body
would have stricken off" the chains from my con-
stituents, and restored them fully to all then*con-
stitutional privileges. I am speaking now as one
who, from the beginning, has as earnestly and
resolutely, as any man in this land, resisted the
heresy of secession. I am speaking in the spirit
of a man who, according to the measure of his
abilities, has stood faithfully by the Union of these
States. But I am speaking also in the spirit of a
citizen who owes obligations higher than these—
that highest of duties which binds him to maintain
the Constitution of his country. And speaking
in thisspirit, and under the shelter of its author-
ity and majesty, neither by my silencc nor con-
sent shall one of its precious principles over be
stricken down, eve'n in the person of the hum-
blest of my constituents or my countrymcn. I
complain, Mr. Speaker, of these outrages and
oppressions. 1 denounce them as unparalleled in
the history of free government; and f call upon
the Representatives of the people, if they have
the manhood and spiiit worthy of their country,
to emancipate the down-trodden people of Balti-
more from the military tyranny under which they
are now groaning, and which has so utterly pros-
trated their constitutional liberties.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, as the sense of this
•House, that the gentleman is not in order. I be-
lieve it is the sense of this House that the gentle-
man is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the motion, that it
is the sense of this House that the gentleman is
not in order; and I ask the Chair to put that mo-
tion to the House,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of oider. No such motion can be entertained
while the gentleman is upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Chair has decided that he cannot determine
for the gentleman from Maryland what is a per-
sonal explanation. If the gentleman is not sat-
isfied with that decision he can take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
appeal on the table; and call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccidcd in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph ttaily, Gooigo
H. Browne, Burnett, Caivort, Cobb, Conway, Coming Cox,
Ciiivons, Cnttenden, Delano, Pelaplaine, Duniap, Kng-
Fouke, Glider, Haight, Hauling, Hainan, ilolman,
floiton, Jackson, Johnson. Law, Layout, Lcniy, Malloi v,
Mi'iizn"?, Motiis, Ni\on, Noble, Norton, OdeM. Geoige H.
Pendleton, Peiry, Kobuwrn, Sheffield, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Vallandigham, Vibbaul, Wads-
woith, Web-tor, Whaley. Chilton A. White, Wiekhll'e,
Wood, Woodiulf, and YVught—53.
NAYS—Mcsms Aldnch, Alley, Appleton, Arnold. Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Baket, Baxter, Bcamon, Bingham. Fwutei^l',
Bkm., Samuel J? Blair. Blake, Bulfinton, Campbell, Ch.un-
beiiam, Ol.uk, CoHav, Fiederick A. Conklmg, Uor-coo
Conklmg, Covodc, Cuitn*, Davi*. Dawe.-, Diven, Due)!,
Edgciton, UJiot, Lly, Fentim, Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank,
Gooch, Uiangei,( ui ley, Hale, Ilanchctt, Hiekmap, lluteh-
ms, Julian, Keiley. Fiancis W. Kellogg, lulhngei, Loomi<,
Mclvean, Mcl'heison, Moorhe.ul. Atison P. Monill, Justin
S Moirill, Olm, Pike, Pomeioy/Poiter, Potter, Alexander
II. Riee, John H. Rice, Riddle, Kdward II. Rollins, Sedg-
wick, Shcllabargci, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens,
Fiance Thomas, Ttain, Trowbridge. Upton, Vamlever,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyek, Venee, Wall,
Wallace, (Jhailes W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Wlioelei,
Albeit S. White, Witidom, and Woreehtei—82.
So the appeal was not laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. FOUKE said: My colleagues, Mr. Mc-
Clernand and Mr. Logan, have been absent
since yesterday, upon tne other side of the liver.
They have gone to the war.
Mr. COVODE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Pattot, was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. ELY made a similar statement in refer-
ence to Mr. Tiiayer.
Mr. IlIDDLE made a similar statement in ref-
erence to Mr. Trimble.
Mr. HOLMAN made a similar statement in
reference to Mr. Voorhees.
Mr. ALLEY stated that Mr. Thomas, of Mas-
sachusetts, was called home by a telegraphic dis-
patch in reference to serious illness in his family.
The result was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States announced that he had approved and signed
the following bills;
- An act (H. R. No. 18) making additional ap-
propriations for the suppoit of the Army for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, and appropria-
tion of arrearages for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1861; and
An act (H. R. No. 14) to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes.
CHARGES AGAINST Mil. MAY AGAIN.
The question then recurred on sustaining the
appeal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Believing theChair
is strictly right, I propose that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw the appeal, and that the
gentleman from Maryland decline to address the
House further. That will prevent the necessity
of reversing the appeal.
Mr. MAY. If my consent is one of the terms
of that arrangement, I absolutely refuse to give
it. I will not accept the right of free speech here
under any limitation whatever.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will now move that the gentleman
from Maryland proceed in order,
Mr. STEVENS. In the first place, we have
not yo| disposed of the appeal; and in the next
place, the Speaker has not decided whether the
gentleman is in order or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he thought
the gentleman from Maryland was abusing the
privileges of the House, but that he had no con-
trol over the train of his remarks. It has so been
held over and over again. The House consented
that the gentleman might make a personal explan-
ation, and after that the Speaker has no control
over the line of his remark.
The question was then put," Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
and it was decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the gentleman
from Maryland have leave to proceed in order.
Mr. STEVENS. The House has said that the
Chair must decide whether he was in order. Has
the Chair decided ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair only decided that
he could not control the remarks of the gentleman,
and therefore he held his remarks to be in order,
under the general permission to make a personal
explanation.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
Mr. MAY. It will be extremely difficult for
me to ascertain when I am, and when I am not in
older, if the sentiment of members upon the other
side of the House is to be the criterion. Sir, I had
thought I occupied a situation here that claimed
the most liberal indulgence upon the part of gentle-
men upon the other side, to hear me make such ex-
planations as arc due to my constituents, and lead
appropriately, as preliminary, to the immediate
subject of privilege. Hut, sir, i must absolutely
decline further to proceed if 1 am to be subject to
this sort of interruption and restriction. 1 will
go no further now, and must tiust to the chances
of an opportunity, and of being sufficiently re-
stored to health, when the field of debate may be
opened wide enough to allow me to speak my sen-
timents with the freedom that becomes me and the
rights of my constituents. I shall proceed no
further in my remarks, but content myself with
the presentation of this memorial, with a request
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and be printed. It is a memorial to the
House of Representatives from the police com-
missioncts of Baltimore, upon a subject most vital
to the liberties of the people of the United States.
It is couched in clear and candid language, and it
presents both sides of the question. Full justice
is done to the military authoiities of the United \
States, who have inflicted what I consider a most'
unparalleled oppression. While the memorial is
expressed in language respectful to the House, it
is at the same time the language of independence,
and comes to us in the spirit of citizens fully con-
scious of their constitutional rights, and resolved
to claim them here.
Mr. COLFAX. I would ask the gentleman
from Maryland if this is the long memorial from
the police commissioners of Baltimore?
Mr. MAY. It is.
Mr. COLFAX. Ithas been presented to every
member of this House, in a printed form, and
doubtless has been read by them, and the gentle-
man has the same opportunity that every other
member has, of presenting arid -referring his peti-
tion under the rules of the House. *
Mr. MAY. The memorial refers to a matter
of personal liberty; and it ought to be sent to that
committee that it may be promptly acted on. I
present with it a resolution of instruction to the
committee.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to the
memorial being sent to the Judiciary Committee;
but I desire to state one thing.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears no objectio'n.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Mary-
land expressed some surprise in reference to the
manner in which he has been treated by this side
of the House. I desire to state now that I am
always in favor of the largest liberty of speech.
If the gentleman, at the opening of his remarks,
had stated that he desired not only to vindicate
himself, but to attack the military authorities at
Baltimore and the Government of the United
States, and the consequences which had grown
out of their action, and the House had consented
to hear him, I should have stood by him to the
end. But he desired only so make a personal
explanation; and having made that, he proceeded
to use strong language against the action of the
Government; and I thought the House had the
right to refuse to hear him upon a matter in refer-
ence to which he had not asked the privilege of
the floor. And I will state to the gentleman one
of the reasons why I thought singularly of his
remark. He seemed to be surprised thatgentlemen
did not welcome him as an ally. I supposed from
tluitthat he musthave been grossly misrepresented
by the papers of Richmond; for I read an extract
in the Baltimore Sun, taken, I believe, from the
Richmond papers, stating that he had expressed,
to the so-called government at Richmond, the be-
lief that there were thirty thousand men in Mary-
land who were chafing under their subjugation,
and who therefore were ready to rise at the first
opportunity. That statement must do him in-
justice, if what he states to-day is correct.
Mr. MAY. I desire to say further 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the introduction of the memorial?
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the gentleman from Maryland proceeding with
his remarks?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to the gen-
tleman continuing, he confining his remarks in
answer to the remarks of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. MAY. This is the first intimation which
has reached me that any such statement has been
the subject of publication. I have not seen it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I have it here,
[handing it to Mr. May.]
Mr. MAY. It is quoted as an extract from a
letter written from Richmond on the 4th of July,
and published m the Charleston Courier.
Mr. COLFAX. Perhaps I was mistaken as
to its source.
Mr. MAY. This is the statement:
'•'The principal bubble upon the wave of Richmond
life to-day, or rather yehteiday, was the arrival of Hon.
Henry May, of Baltirnoie, the successful competitor In
the recent contort t'oi a member of Congress, against Henry
Winter Davis, the Black Republican candidate. The ob-
ject of his visit has not transpiied, but it is loudly whis-
petcd that it looks towards certain events in Maryland,
which may have ail influence in deteumning the continu-
ance of the war. The intelligence lie bring-* from theie is
gloomy enough to make an American weep."
Is that the paragraph, sir?
Mr. COLFAX. I think there is more, if the
gentleman will read on.
Mr. MAY. I will do so:
"According to his statement?, Baltirnoie is as effectually
under the heel of the tyrant as it tlieheadot'evcry man was
in iron fetters. Federal troops are encamped m us squares
and patrol its&neets; citizensare ane^ted foi even breath-
ing secession; women aie insulted with impunity; out-
rages are perpetrated that make humanity blush ; and, in
a word, a icign of tenor has been inaugurated which, if not
