1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
this act, rests on me, and me alone; and lam con-
tent, in the sight of liigh Heaven, to take it and
press it to my* heart.
Mr. COLFAX. One single word in reply to
the gentleman from Maryland. I shall not, of
course, challenge what he says, when he declares
that this letter was not written by his authority.
But I ask him to notice, when he reads the Globe
in the morning-, the singular identity of thought
between ihe first paragraph of the letter in refer-
ence to the condition of affairs in Baltimore, and
the first part of the speech with which he has fa-
vored us to-day. He will see a striking coinci-
dence in the manner and expression of thought.
But as the gentleman declares that the latter part
of the letter was not by his authority, I do not
wis!i to make a point in reference to it.
1 have this, however, to say to him: if he went
to the headquarters of the rebel government, which
he says are established at Richmond, but which,
thank God, are not yet and never will be estab-
lished at Richmond—no more established there
than the rebel forces were established at Fairfax
yesterday—if he went there in the capacity, as
he tells us, of mediator, and if he used there the
«amu language denunciatory of the course of the
Government, and denunciatory of the conduct of
Jus own military officers; if ho there declared that
ho would hesitate even to take the oath of alle-
giance to the Constitution of the United States,
which is the only oath required of a gentleman
to entitle him to membership on this floor; and if
he furthermore declared that he was one of thirty
thousand who would rise up against what he de-
nounced as an unconstitutional aggression on their
rights, I should not be sui pi used if that tebel gov-
ernment should have regarded him more as a sym-
pathizer than as a mediator.
Mr, MAY. 1 cannot help the conclusions which
the honorable gentleman from Indiana draws.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentlemen that this debate must be by permission
of the House.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask the pcr-
inission ot the House for my colleague to proceed.
Consent was given.
Mr, MAY. i meiely wish to icply to the hon-
orable gentleman from Indiana. I do not recollect
tlie exact observations which I made a while ago
respecting Baltimore, nor how far tnose remarks
may, oil her in thought or expression, assimilate
to those employed m the newspaper letter. So
far as they are based on facts, on undisputed facts,
the coincidence may be established without any
implication on me. It ts absolutely true, sir, that
the troops have been stationed in Baltimore, and
that there has been all this excitement with icfcr-
ence to the presence of troops, the planting of
cannon, and the domination of the military power
there. These are facts of history, known as well
*o the writer of that letter as to me. 1 cannot
challenge my memory as to what wen- the subjects
of mj' conversation in Richmond. I wish to be
very caruhu. I wish to admit that everywhere
where i have gone I have spoken the language of
denunciation ol tyranny, and I mean tudo ltevcrv-
where.
Sir, I have spoken with rcgaid to the domina-
tion of the military powct, on the ground of plain,
notorious, undisputed facts; but with regard to
the sentiments imputed to me, that paragraph is
the first intimation I have received of it. I never
heard of it before, except m those general whispers
of suspicion and distrust that circulate m tunes
like these.
.Now, with reference to my communications to
the lebel government, as the gentleman from In-
diana is pleased to term it, 1 do not acknowledge
the {tght of the honoiable gentleman to inquiie of
me. i had supposed that in that confidence which
ought to exist between Representatives h^r", and
especially after that oath of allegiance which eon-
seeiated me to the duties of a Representative, and
in the most impressive sense, he would have seen
it to be preposterous that I should give any such
pledge as is spoken of. If] had given the pledge
winch the gentleman mentioned, not to come here,
1 should not have come hcic. If I had made a
dc'ldiaUon in Richmond, that I would not lake an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; the honorable ^"litleman should not have
seen the oath administered to me by the Speaker
of this He,use.
Mr. COLFAX. I only referred to what the
gentleman himself said—that he hesitated about
coming here and taking the oath.
Mr. MAY. No, sir; about taking my seat.
I never hesitated about taking the oath. T took
the oath to support the Constitution, from the
the city of New York to the city of Now Orleans,
and to the shores of the Pacific. I have taken it
in twenty States of the Union.
Mr. COLFAX. The report will indicate which
of us is right.
Mr. MAY. It will.
Mr. DIVEN, I rise to a question of privilege.
I understood the gentleman from Maryland to say
that thirty thousand men, and*he among them,
were ready to take up arms against the oppressive
course of the Government, now being pursued
against Maryland, i desire to know if i rightly
understood the member.
Mr. MAY. The gentleman has entirely mis-
apprehended me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states that ques-
tions of privilege in relation to anything said by
a member must, be taken down at the time it was
uttered.
Mi. DIVEN. I will say to the gentleman, that
as soon as the words which 1 understood the gen-
tleman to utter had escaped his lips, I sought the
floor to call the attention of the House to them,
and have been seeking it ever since. I am satis-
fied , however, with the gentleman's statement that
I misapprehended him, and have, therefore, no
question to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman and the House, that when a gentleman
arises to a question of puvilego, unless he states
that lie so us-'s, he cannot complain if the Chair
fails to recognize in in out of order.
Mi. THOMAS, of Maiyland. I heg the leave
of the House—-and I certainly will not abuse the
privilege—of saying some few words m vindica-
tion of the opinions I entertain, and which I think
others of my colleagues entertain, upon the issues
now pending 
Mr. BURNETT. I want to understand the
exact purpose of the gemleman befoie 1 give my
consent to have him i;o on.
Mr. THOMAS, ot Maryland. If the gentle-
man will allow mo, 1 will explain in a moment.
There js a stale of affairs existing in Maryland
painful to every citizen within its bounds, to which
my colleague has thought proper to refer with
that emphasis and commanding eloquence that
distinguishes him on all occasions; and the peo-
ple whom I represent, and who know me well,
who know that, I neverentertamed an opinion or
had a purpose in public concei ns touching men or
measuies that I was ashamed to avow or vindi-
cate before any audience m Christendom, will be
amazed to find me dumb as a sheep at shearing
when a challenge to the arena is nngingin my
ea rs.
1 object to the gentleman's
Mr. JOHNSON,
proceeding.
vSeveial Miliums.
Mr. JOHNSON.
It is too late.
It is not too late. I object
to the gein!etnnn\s pioeeedmg to make a stump
speech to the House at this time.
Air. THOMAS, of Maiyland. I never make
a stump «pe< eh.
Mi. JOHNSON. I waited to hear the gen-
tleman open in order to know whether it was a
personal explanation that he wished to make. I
waited long enough to ascertain that it was to the
general issues before the country that he pio-
posed to speak. There are a dozen of us who
wish to make speeches upon general subjects; and
1 therefore object to his making a speech now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope there will
be no objection the gentleman g<uog on in the
line of lemaik follows d by his colleague up to ihe
point where the House refused to hear him fui ther;
but that lie will not be permitted to proceed to
discuss questions upon which the House would
not hear his colleague.
Mr. THOMAS, ofMaryland. I certainly will
not proceed beyond the line which the House
may fix. Mr. Speaker, I have no ambition to
take part i:i such a discussion. I had the foitunc
in enily life, from 1831 to 1H-H, to represent my
constituents upon the iloor of the Hou^e of Rep-
resentatives; and if any gentleman will takepains
to search rhe i ceord, he will find that few men were
on the floor so seldom as myself. But, sn, there
is a state of alfairs in Maiyland, to winch my col-
league has alluded, of a very painful nature, which
may eventuate, if it be not checked, in a. scene
'where he and I will both be prepared to perform
our parts even unto the death. What is that
Maryland of which the gentleman spoke? We
do not mean, when we speak ofMaryland in that
sense, as a certain area of laud within certain ge-
ographical boundaries; we mean a political com-
munity, containing a certain number of inhabit-
ants. Now, sir, 1 undertake to stand here and
aver—for I intend to be brief—that Maryland to-
day, in her heart of hearts, speaking through the
majority of her people, approves of all, or either,
of the measuies of the President of the United
States in clothing the Lieutenant General of its
armies with the power that has been exercised;
and she approves, as I do in my heart of hearts,
of the manner in which that power has been ex-
ercised by Major General Banks. [Continued
applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has, on several
occasions, notified gentlemen upon the floor that
unless they pie.seived dec-oium he could not pre-
serve it on the part of the galleries; and he now
gives notice that, if it be repeated, he will order
the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest any gentleman
guilty of this disorder upon the floor of the House.
And he takes this occasion to say to the galleries
that, if any such demonstration is repealed—any
manifestation of approval or disapproval—it is
his imperative duty to order them to be cleared.
The Chair, during the first few days of the ses-
sion, considering the circumstances, was disposed
to be a little lenient; but he gives notice now,
that in the future he will, to the full extent of the
power vested in him, preserve the decorum of the
body.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I take this oc-
casion to express the hope that, at no time will
any one, on the floor or in the galleries, who en-
tertains the slightest icspect for my feelings, mor-
tify me so deeply—as I certainly will be mortified
—by any demonstration such us that just now
very properly arrested by the Presiding Officer
of the House. I like it nowhere, even on the
hustings; still less in a grave, deliberative, intelli-
gent body like that before which T now appear.
1 remark, Mr. Speaker, that Maryland, as a
political community, has declared its will on these
subjects with an emphasis that is not readily to
be misapprehended or mistaken. Forty-four
thousand of her votes at the recent election have
been cast for my colleagues and myself on this
floor, after it was known—and it is to be presumed
they were acquainted with the events that hud
transpired in the city of Baltimore—that we were
in favor of standmgby this Administration nnd its
military measures, although it must be acknowl-
edged, to our mortification, they have placed a
portion of our fellow-citizens in Maryland Jn a
very unenviable attitude. Twenty-four thousand
votes were cast against that opinion, a large num-
ber of which being cast for my distinguished and
very able colleague in respect to his distinguished
abilities, his high personal character, and his at-
tainments, but declaring themselves at the time to
be Union men. On the authority of that vote,
then,! say that Maryland has solemnly declared
that she is satisfied with her condition, and means
to maintain it by her representatives heie, and, if
nccossai y, on the. battle-fields of the State or else-
where. Why, sir, there is, after all, nothing so
very astounding m the position m which Mary-
land is placed, or the acts to which my colleague
has tcferred.
I know it is the habit of most gentlemen who
take pint in discussions of this character to look
to the Constitution of the United Slatesand to the
laws of Congress on the statute-books as the only
souice from whence to ascertain the extent ol the
powers a commander-in-chief has in emergencies
like those which surround General Banks at Bal-
timore. Can we ignoie altogether what is known
to be martial law? Because Congress has not de-
clared that martial Jaw shall not, under ceitain
cucumstanccs, be enforced; because the Consti-
tution has not declared that under certain circum-
stances it shall not be enforced, shall we infer that
it is forbidden altogether? The Constitution is
silent upon that point. The Constitution provides
for the organization of the Army: and incident-
ally jtcairies with it all those poweis that are
given to the Commandei -in-Chief when in the
field. As well might wc say, because the Con-
