1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
thus subdued, no attack being subsequently made upon the
militaiy, I muiclicd my men buck to the Camden fetation,
saw the tiain wilcly depart for Washington, learned from
the raihoad officers that the troops had ail depaited, and
that the services of my command weie no longer requited.
I dismissed the detachment to then several .morn-, except
those of the second district, which I ordered to be posted
for the piotection of parlies on Baltimore stiect, against
whom theie .seemed to be an intense cxcitemcnt; the edi-
tors of the American and Ohppei being regarded as paitic-
ularly obnoxious and loudly threatened.
On the way to my office I learned from Mr. Richard Nor-
ris, jr., that there were other troops at the Philadelphia
depot, and, accompanied by that gentleman, I hurried in a
carnage to that place, and theie found seveial car loads of
tioops, mostly, it'not all, without uniforms. Some of these
troops commenced jumping fiom the train jus>t as I got
there, and were immediately set upon by an intimated pop-
ulace. 1 fought hard lor their piotection, at fir-t almost
alone, but soon had the assistance of a part of my toice,
who hurried ftom the neighboring beats, and had the grat-
ification of seeing all but those who took sheltei in neigh-
boring housc  put on another tiaui, and, under escort of
police, accompanied by myself, sent safely out of the city
on their return to Philadelphia. The earnest expressions
ol gtatitudo which I leceived fiom the personsthu* rescued
loft on my mind the conviction that 1 had done my duty
On this occasion I was ably assisted by Deputy Marshal
Cifloid and by some noble-hearted and fearles- citizens,
but tcel bound to say that 1 did not recognize as thus en-
gaged one single individual of thosenowactivrlyeinployed
m defaming the city and its authorities.
It may he pioper to stale, that up to this time I did not
know an> thing of the origin of the rencounter, nor the extent
of the killed and wounded ; but only know that out whole
city seemed filled with horror at the knowledge that peace-
ful and respected citizens had been shot on our public
streets.
Fiom this time till a late horn of the night my office was
beset by tho-c anxious to ascertain the truth of minors that
a icnewal of the difficulties was likely to occur. Near
midnight I teceived fiom William Pie&eotl Smith, lC-q.,
the master of tiansportation of the Washington and iialti-
moie and Ohio jaihoad, information that he had icceived
a dUpatoh ftom Pie^dent Thompson, of the Pennsylvania
road, " that it was impossible to prevent there tioops fiom
going through Baltimore; the Union men must be aroused
to resist the mob."
X felt it my duty to communicate this information to his
Honor Ma>ot Blown; and went to his house for that pur-
pose, and made the statement to him. He deemed it all
important t'> confer with his Excellency Governor Hicks,
and visited him in his chamber.
The Governor then s-ent foi me; and in company with
the Mayot, 1 u ent to hi  chamber; and the condition of the
city, the dangers of a sanguinary conflict in the event of
tioops coming to it whilst the public mind was so highly
inflamed, being fully discussed, the Govcrnoi deemed it
proper, and agroed with Mayoi Brown and myself, that the
bridges on the loads hywluch tioops would likely come
should he desttojed, as the only means of impeding them
and avoiding the tlueatened conflict; and the Mayor and
boaid ol police then issued the ouler to that effect.
it was in the muM of tins excitement, while our entire
community was laboring under the most intense appre-
hension ; the volunteeis, militia, and huge numbeis of the
citizen^ being under dims, under the appiebention of a
collision, and with the knowledge that the gieat mass of
out citi/.' us look'd to myself as the immediate command-
ing officer (undei the boanl) of aimed police fot the best
piotection winch, undei such eiicumstances5could be at-
ioided, in reply to a dispatchfiom Btadley Johnson, E-q.,
(now or lately the State's attorney fot Fiedouck county,)
offering the sei vices of a body of patriotic citi/en-% of that
gallant county, who, ti ue to the instinct of every son of
Mat\land, weiu toady to come, as did theii sii'-s m 1614,
to defend the homes of then ft lends in Baltimore, 1 Used
the language of the dispatch which is made the pretext for
the disgiaeefiil and hbellous assault refened to.
What the condition ol Bultimoie city would be at this
time had I tailed to execute the oider to destioy the bridtres
refeired to, by which the troops weicauested atUockejs-
ville on the morning of Sunday, the 21st of Apul, instead
of coming to the city, )*• too hon ible to contemplate, and
can bettei he imagined than descubed.
The sti ictuies lii icgai d to the action of the police m te-
movinu flaers ^ inch weie being laised, as it is well know n,
not fiom any patuotic motives, but for the sole putpose of
exciting uotanddisoider, ate too absuid to require extended
notice.
{ have the conviction that I have faithfully discharged
the duties ot the office nf marshal of police dutmg the ex-
traoidinary cxcitemcnt which has pervaded this commu-
nity, piobabiv beyond anything of the kind in itt> previous
htstoiy, and that the force under m\ command has been
successful in piotectmg the poisons and piopei ty of people
of the most intensely obnoxious chaiaetui to anothei poi-
tion of our community tioin the slightest violence or in-
jury. 1 feel that 1 can well afford to endure assault, com-
ing from -<ueh amices.
It may be pioper, in this connection, to refer to the insin-
uation sobioadly conveyed of complicity, on the pait of the
police, in appropi iatine propeity ot the Fedeial Govern-
ment to impiopei U'-es. The charge is untitle. It w as taken
into the custody of the police solely for the ptuposC- of pie-
seivn.g it, of which tin* pioper notice was given to the au-
thorities of the United States Government, in Washington
and m this city.
Yours, veiv respectfully,
GEO. P. KANE, Marshal.
Ciiarlfs Howard, Esq-,
Piesideut oj the linoid of Police.
Statement of Richard Xorris, jr., E*q.
In jepiy to your mqunv, I beg leave to state that, on Fri-
day, the 19th'of Aptil, I accompanied Colonel Kane, in a
carnage, to the. Piesident street depot. When wo arrived
theie,'as well as I iccoliect, theie were about fouiteen cars
filled with troops, intended to be passed through Baltimore.
They were mostly unarmed, and were being attacked by
huge numbers of the people congregated there. Marshal
Kane made every possible effort to protect the troops;
caught hold of many of the assailants, drove them back,
and prevented them from continuing their attacks; ad-
diessed otheis, declaung they were bringing disgiace on
the city by assailing unarmed men. His whole "conduct
was perfectly tea) less.
It is my sincere belief that, but for the manly and ener-
getic course pursued by him, many lives would have been
lost at the President street station. Words cannot convey
my impression of the bravery lie exhibited on that occa-
sion, or of the security he afforded to the troops. When I
at rived at the depot,! feaied theie would be a gieat loss of
life; but, so far as I have heard, all escaped in safety.
R. NORMS, jr.
To the Board of Police.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I am very well
aware, Mr. Speaker, that apologetic letters have
made their appearance from this marshal of police,
and that a very apologetic memorial, of which I
received a copy, has been forwarded to Congress
from these commissioners of police—and 1 speak
of them as gentlemen of the highest respectability,
for I know them personally,and should be incapa-
ble of disparaging them by any remarks I could
make. But when were these apologetic letters
published? When the outbreak occurred? No.
Was there any attempt then to assuage the excite-
ment? No. Was there any effort made then to
bring the people back to their allegiance to the
Government, which in my heart is second only
to my allegiance to my God? Was there any
attempt to rekindle the old fire that used to burn
in the heart of every loyal man? No. Marshal
Kane, who is piesumed to be the mouth-prece of
the.se commissioners; whose promulgations arc
presumed to be their opinions—for if not, it was
their bounden duty instantaneously to have dis-
missed him from his office—Marshal Kane, in the
midst of that great excitement, telegraphed to an
excited young man in the county of Frederick,
who I know had some military aspirations, and
who is now an officer in the revolutionary army
in Virginia—telegraphs to him words of peace?
No. Stirs to the very foundation every drop of
evil blood in his veins, and raises a war-cry whose
whoop should echo all over western Maryland.
Mark the issue joined! The patriotic troops of
Massachusetts and Pennsylvania on their way to
vindicate thcGovernment, to prevent this Federal
city from being sacked, the public buildings burned
down, and the Chief Magistrate and the heads of
Departments perhaps murdered in their bed-cham-
bers, arc arrested in Baltimore by a mob; they
are stoned to death and assailed, until they can
bear it no longer, unarmed as some of them are,
and in a position appealing to the forbearance of
every gallant and brave man.
What is Marshal Kane's language in this cel-
ebrated dispatch to Bradley T. Johnson of the
town of Frederick? 1 know the performers in
this drama and understand them well. This is
the dispatch.
" Thank you for your offer."
He had received, 1 suppose, some dispatch
from Mr. Johnson offering military aid.
u Bring jour men by the fir>t tram, and we will arrange
with the laihoad afteiwaids. tftieets red with Maryland
blood.'"
Made red by whom ? By Marylanders ? No.
By traitois to their country and their God; mur-
derous outlaws, who trampled under foot every
moral obligation that appealed to them to vindi-
cate the Government, then assailed by armed re-
bellion.
u Send expresses ovei the mountains of Maryland "—
Had they come into that country whose people
I know, and amongst whom I live, they would
have been elevated higher than Hainan's gallows,
if they came on any such mission as this. [Cries
of " Good," and suppressed applause.]
Send expresses ovei the mountains of Maryland and
Virginia toi the nfiemen to come without delay. Fresh
hoider> will tie down upon us to mosiow. We will fight
them and whip them,or die. George P. Kane."
Now, that is the language of a peace officer of
tlie city of Baltimoie? That is the language in-
dorsed by the peace commissioners of the city of
Baltimoie, appointed to protect the people m the
peaceful pursuits and avocations which, thank
God. by the strong arm of military power they
are now enjoying. These were the sentiments of
Marshal Kane. They were followed up by action.
But, no; I will not go into details. We know that
he was in the very front rank of bridge burners.
We kn'ow that he urged the burning down of th«
bridges on the Northern Central railroad and on
the Baltimore and Wilmington railroad. For
what? To arrest the progress of the northern
troops coming to the rescue of the seat of Govern-
ment of the Union under the orders of the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, elected according
to the provisions of the Constitution. And now,
sir, after military power has been brought to bear,
and Maryland has been rescued from the whirl-
pool of hideous revolution, Marshal Kane may
apologize till doomsday. It does notip the least
change my estimate of him. It does not change
my deliberate belief that he was unfit for the po-
sition he occupied. He could have stopped the
mob. He could have saved the Jives of those
soldiers passing through the streets of Baltimore,
But so far from making the effort, he was conjur-
ing up every consideration that could cross his
imagination that was calculated to excite the
sharpshooters of the mountains to come down and
aid him in this outrage.
Mr. MAY. I ought, Mr. Speaker, just at this
part of the observations of my colleague, to state
a fact within my personal knowledge. There is
nobody in Baltimore who has condemned with
more severity than myself that mob of the 19th of
April; and jf the authorities had taken as much
pains as I did to prevent it, it never would have
occurred. I had an apprehension, sir, that there
was a state of feeling among certain classes in the
city of Baltimore that might probably produce a
riot against the troops marching through the city.
There is not a braver, more honorable, or franker
man in the land, nor one who discharged his du-
ties more faithfully, than that very marshal of
police, Colonel Kane. 1 found him on the night
of the 18th of April, and told him that I was fuN
of apprehension that a difficulty would take place.
He told me he was aware that there was a feeling
of that kind.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I think my col-
league may leave Colonel Kane to me. He will
not suffer injustice at my hands.
Mr. MAY. I repeat that, on the 18th of April,
I informed Colonel Kane of my apprehensions.
He gave me his assuranee then that,although he
thought it was a measure of imprudence on the
part of the Federal Government to bring troops
through the city of Baltimore rather than around
it, he would protect the troops at the risk of his
life. I was speaking to him as a loyal citizen,
and calling upon him to perform that duty and
protect those troops if attacked. He gave me that
pledge; and every honorable man m Baltimore,
whether a Union man or a disunion man, will say
that Marshal Kane did, on the day of that riot,
at the risk of his life, over and over again, pro-
tect those troops and render every service. The
telegraphic dispatch to Mr. Johnson 1 do not
justify.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. No one here
will misconceive me as calling in question for one
moment the honoror patriotism of Marshal Kane.
Not at all. But then there are differences of opin-
ion as to the manner in which public functionaries
discharge their duties; and it is this difference of
of opinion which led to Marshal Kane's arrest.
That is all.
No\*astothe police commissioners. They are
undoubtedly men of the first character, socially,
privately, and publicly. I admit all that has been
said m praise of them. But I am speaking of them
as police commissioners, and I think that the
House cannot fail to see that they showed them-
selves unworthy of their position. Ascribe it, if
you please, to error of judgment; ascribe it to
excitement and passion; impute it to the holiest
, and loftiest patriotism; impute it to what you
! will; was he the person to be the depository of
' powers such as he wielded, involving the peace
of a city like Baltimore; involving the question
of domestic war all over the State of Maryland?
That is the point. I say he was not; and there
my colleague and I differ. Let General Banks
be the umpire between us.
Mr. MAY. Let the courts and a jury of the
land be the umpne.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Not m time of
war. It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, with-
out my dwelling on the subject, that the commis-
sioners of police are implicated just as deeply as
the chief of police himself. They retained him
