1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
cause to be published weekly in each of the newspaper
of the city ol Washington, the name anil location of each
public hospital in the District of Columbia, and the num-
ber ot sick or wounded of the vauous regiments in the sev-
eral hospitals.
The Resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to give notice
of my intention to ask leave to introduce a bill
for recognizing the services and paying the mem-
bers of the Frontier or Clay Guards of this city.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed, by the
Committee on Financc, to report back House bill
No. 25, and House bill No. 26, with sundry
amendments. They are appropriation bills. The
amendments are of no great extent. I think it
will be unnecessary to print them; they can be
understood by reading; and I should like to have
them taken up and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* There being
no objection, the bill (H. R. No. 25) is now be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Chair is informed that the bill has not been
read at length.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill has been very
thoroughly considered by the committee; and,
unless some gentleman requires that it shall be
read at length, it need not be.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What is the title of
the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An act mak-
ing additional appropuations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the'Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, I8G2,
and appropriations of arrearages for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
York [Mr. King] desires that it shall be read. 1
shall make no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at large.
The Secretary read the bill.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill,
with several amendments. The first amendment
of the committee was to strike out, from lines
eight to thirty-two, inclusive, of section one, in
the following words:
" Contingent expenses of the House of Repyescntatii'cs 
For compensation of the officers, cleik«. messengers, and
othei -5 receiving an annual salary in the sei vice ot the House
of llepicsentdL-ves. 40.
u For Inborn*,
" For folding documents, $10,000.
'kFoi <>tationeiy, >51,001).
" For pajres und tempouuy mail boys, $4,840.
Fot iopo]Lm<r pioeeedin^s ot the fiist (extia) session of
the Thiity-Seventh (Ymsjivsjs, .^,OOU.
" For tweniy-iour copies oi the Con<riessjonal Globe and
Appendix for ea-'h member and dolecjateof the first session
ot the Thnty-Si'ventl) Congiess, $17,424.
"For binding twenty-lour copies oi the Concessional
Globi' and Appendix foi cadi member and Delegate of the
ftist session o! tiie Tim t> -Seventh Confess, £0,939 00.
uFor furniture and lepans, and boxes ior members,
$10,1/00.
'k For nowspapei?, .^9,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
in section one, line thirty-seven, after the word
" service,,5 to insert the words "and additional
compensation for extra labor of clerks in his
office;" so that the clause will read:
Ofliee of the Secretary oftbe Tieasmy :
Fot eontin«;ent expen-es, including compensation of
ad'iiiiouai eletks who may be employed by the Seeietary
according to the < \ig<*ncie^ of the public «civice, and addi-
tional eompen^auon lor extia labor ot clerks ln'his ollice,
&:25,uf)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
section one, under the head of'4 interior Depart-
ment," to strike out lines forty-seven, forty-eight,
forty-nine, and fifty, in the following words:
For salarr-s of five clerks ofcia-v three, eleven cloik* of
cla-^ two. and (our clerks ot elasd one, per acts of Apnl DQ
and May 31. 32d,2U0. 
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of tho committee was, in
section one, to strike out lines fifty-five and fifty- !
six, in the following words: i
" Foi compensation of the surveyor general of Illinois j
and Miss,,tin, .ytyKJO/' ;
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the chairman i
of the committee if that amendment is based on I
the calculation that that office is to be closed? I i
know there was an effort made to close it some
time ago.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this sub-
ject was considered at the last session, and it was
decided by Congress that it was unnecessary to
make any further appropriations for the continu-
ance of that office,and there was no appropriation
made for that purpose. At this session, however,
anitem is again sent in for the continuance of the
office. It was passed in the House, but the com-
mittee of the Senate propose to strike it out, ad-
hering to'the original determination to have that
office closed; and there is no way in the world in
which wc can do it, unless we take some decided
step about it.
Mr. POLK. I do not know that I shall make
any strenuous opposition to it. -I believe the busi-
ness of that office, so far as actual survey in the
field is concerned, is about ended, if not entirely
so. It is true there is very little duty to be done
by the surveyor general there, but yet I believe
the office ought not to be closed and left without
anybody to take care of its papers, or to furnish
copies of them. I think, owing to the immense
litigation that is going on, growing out of the
French and Spanish concossions,and the confirm-
ations of those concessions by consecutive acts of
Congress, commencing as far back as immedi-
ately after the acquisition of the territory, and
coming down until a late date—indeed, we have
passed a confirming act within the last four years
since I have been a member of the Senate—and
also the litigation growing out of locations, that
theic ought to be some piovisioti by which the
ofiicc may be kept open, so as to furnish all the
papers necessary for that litigation. Still 1 sup-
pose the committee have duly considered the sub-
ject, and I shall make no strenuous opposition to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
section one, at the end of line sixty-eight, in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the War
Department, to insert the following :
Foi the purpose of mcieasing tempoiauly the clerical
force and nies-enircrs of the Wui Pepaitmeut and its bu-
reaus a.s follows, to wit: 111 the ofhee of the Seeietaiy of
Wai, one clcik oi the lir<t c!as:>, two of the second, two of
the thud, and one of the fourth, and t\\ o assistant me^sen-
geis at <111 annuril sal my of $ft*>0each; 111 the office of the
Ciirarteimabier Geueial, five clerks of the fhst class, two of
the -eeond, two of the thud, and one of the tourth, and two
nssu-siani jiiet-scnprois at an annual salary of $c'.">0 each; 111
tho office 0} the Commissary Geneml. three cieiks of the
first (las- and two of the sccond; m the office of the Sur-
^'Oii Geneial, one clerk of the third class; 111 the office of
the Pavmaslej fh-neral, thiee eloik** of tho second class and
three ol the thud; in the buieau of Topogsaplncal Engi-
neers. two cloiks of the thud class; m the Uidnance bu-
ieau, two eleiks of the first ela^s, ."318,700. And tne Adju-
tant General is authoi ized to employ m his othce any num-
bers not exceeding ten, ol non-commisr-ioned officers, to be
selected by him ftom the Arin>, in addition to ins piesent
eleneal foiee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, at
the end of lino ninety-eight, in the appropriations
for the 1 ndepondent Treasury, to insert the words
" being for additional clerks and compensation to
clerks in said office;" so that the clause will read:
Foi innenscd establishment of office, of A-sNtririt Trea*-
uier ol the United States ;u New Yoik, .^7/200, b< nig lor
additional eloi k.- and compensation to cltiks in said office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
stnke out lines one hundred and thnty-fne, one
hundred and thirty-six, and one hundred and
thirty-seven, of section one, in the following
words:
"■ For lent oi suivevor general's office in New Mexico,
fuel, book-, stauonciy, ami other incidental expenses,
tfljUUO."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out lines one hundred and thirty-eight, one
hundred and thirty-nine, and one bundled and
forty, of section one, 111 the following words:
For salaries and commissions of jo^tero of land office?
and receivei- ol public inouejs,
•The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out lines one hundred and forty-one and one
hundred and forty-two, of section one, in the fol-
lowing words:
" For incidental expenses of the several land officer
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend*-
rnents reported by the committee haVe now been
gone through with. The bill is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment,
to insert, at the end of the first section, the follow-
ing:"
For the pay of eight additional first-class clerks in the
Navy Department, $9,600.
• For the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Naw,
$4,200. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Library to offer an amendment, to in-
sert, at the end of the first section, the following:
For the yearly compensation of two laborers employed Jn
the L ibrary of Const ess, which is hereby fixed at $500 each,
beginning July 1,1861, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it is incumbent upon
the Chair to call up the special order assigned for
that hour; which is the Senate joint resolution
No. 1, to approve and confirm certain acts of the
President of the United States for the suppression
ofinsurrectiorfand rebellion; on which the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are about to finish
this bill; and, with the consent of the Senator from
Delaware, I will move that that joint resolution
be postponed for a short time, until we can get
through with the bill now before us.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the spccial order will be passed over in-
formally, for the further consideration of the bill
pending at the time the special order was called
up. The Chair hears no objection; and the bill
is still before the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to explain the
two appropriations for the support and mainten-
ance of the penitentiary in the District of Col-
umbia—one for the year ending the 30th of June,
1801, and the other for the yeai ending the 30th
of June, 1862. 3 desire to know whether the last
appropriation bill did not cover that? "What is
the necessity for another appropriation now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that that amendment is founded on the report of
the president of the board of inspectors, on page
46 of the estimates. Here it is:
"It becomes my duty to icport a deficiency of $7,981 80,
in the appiopnation made foi the Mjppou and maintenance
of the penitentiary of the lhstiict of Columbia, for the fiscal
yeai ending the 30th instant, and to request that tke requi-
site means may be taken to supply the  aine at an eaily
day.
"• This deficiency has doubtless been occasioned by the
unusually huge number of convicts who could not bepiofit-
abiy employed ; and a= the same cause will, to some extent
at least, produce a like icsnlr dm ing tho next fiscal year, I
deem it [hopcr also to a&k that Congress be leqnested to
add &o,000 to the appropriation ah oady made for the service
ol that year.
" As regards the deficiency now existing, justice requires
me to say that only a email pojfion of it, namely, .$1,3.38 06,
changeable to the present of)ircr«.. the remamdci having
been cieated nndei the management of those who preceded
us."
That is the report of Mr. Gideon, the president
of the board of inspectors, to the Secretary of the
Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment,
which I am not authorized by the committee to
offer, because it has not been submitted to them.
My attention was called this morning, by a com-
munication, to the fact that, in the appropriation
j of last year of a certain amount for the expenses
of the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department, there was an enumer-
ation of four items, and the result is that the ap-
propriation can only be used for those items, and
an amendment is desired, not by way of increas-
ing the amount, but simply to allow the officers
i to appropriate, as usual, to all the items of ox-
{ ponse ordinarily occurring in the office. The
! amendment may he read, i presume it is correct,
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
| ment will be in order after the vote is taken on
t concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is still
open to amendment. The Senator from Maine
