208.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19.
offers the following amendment, to insert as an
additional section:
•And be it further cnact.eil> That the sum of .<$1>150, appio-
priated lor tho contingent expenses of tho othce ot tiie Au-
ditor of the Treasury tor the Post Olfiec Department, in the
Act making nppropuafions lor the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the yeat end-
ing the 30th day of June, 1662,approved Febiuaiy 20,
lS&i, shall be applied, so far as may be necessity, to pay
lor stationery, horse for the use of the office, lijrhtV, wash-
ing-towcU, ice, and miscellaneous items, in addition to the
items mentioned in ^aid appiopriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bili to be read a third time. It was lead
the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. President, there is
another bill on your table which I reported this
morning, and which, if the Senate please, the
Senatorfrom Delaware being willing to give way,
J should like lo have considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tho bill (H. R. No. 26) making additional appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30i)^of June, 1862,
and appropriations of arrearages for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 38G1.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with several amendments. Tho first amendment
of the committee was to strike outlines nine, ten,
and eleven, of section one, in the following words:
"For lighting the Capitol and Pieaident's llou^c, the
public grounds around them, and aiound the executive
olftees, $6,000.5'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
scction two, lino three, to strike out " forty," and
insert " twenty," so that it will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intciconrsc, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out lines seven, eight, and nine, of section
two, in the following words:
" For expenses of the pamphlet edition of the laws of the
first scsxioii of the Thirty-s<eventh Congress, $4,US."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For publication in pamphlet foim, and in the newspapers
of the States arid Terntouer,, the laws oi th" iirt-t M^sion
of the Thirty Seventh Congie^, $9,000, or so much tliei col*
as may he necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the bill, as an additional sec-
tion, the following:
JInd be it further cnaited, That the proper accounting
officers of the Tie<u urv .ire heieby directed to allow to
A-shiny Dickens, late Secietary of the Senate, la the set-
tlement of hi* account*, credit for a payment to Mrs. E A.
Kiehaul.son ot tf lUO, undet a resolution ol the Senate of the
2d ot Maieh, 1WH.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was repoi ted to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concuticd in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
HILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the ldih instant, an act (S. Nu. 9) to alter and
regulate the Navy ration.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Mouse had passed a bill (No. 54) to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, arid for othei purposo,^, in which
the conctmence of the Senate was requested.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 54) to provide increased revenue
from imports, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other {imposes, was lead twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
APPROVAL OF P11ES11)JSXTFAL ACTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the .
joint resolution (S. ]\To, 3) to appmve and eon- :
firm certain acts of the Piesident of the United ;
States for suppressing insurrection and rebellion, j
the question being on its passage. I
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate for two
hours upon the questions involved in the resolu-
tion. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will give way
to allow me to ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up House bill No. 57.
Mr. LATHAM. I will give way in a moment
Mr. WADE. This bill will not take a moment.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will not take ^ moment
either. I will state to the Senate that I wish to
address the body on this joint resolution; and if no
other Senator desires to go on this evening, I will
move to postpone its further consideration until
Monday nextatone o'clock. In making the motion
I wish to state that 1 do notdesign thatanythmg I
shall say shall come in the way of the public busi-
ness of the country; but it is quite apparent that
we are far in advance of the House of Represent-
atives, and that we have worked with great dili-
gence, certainly, on ail the business which we
have had before us. I will, therefore, with the
consent of the Senate, move to postpone the An-
ther consideration of the joint resolution until
Monday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask tho Senator whether
it would not be equally agreeable to him to speak
to-morrow ?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly. If the Senate
should be in session to-morrow, I would prefer to
speak then; but I have understood that the Senate,
by general agreement, was to adjourn over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was nota party to any
such agreement. My own opinion is that we
had better conclude the session as soon as possi-
ble.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will change my mo-
tion, so as to postpone it till to-morrow, at one
o 'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the joint res-
olution now before the Senate to, and make it the
special order of the day for, to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF TIIKEJ2-JIONTHS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WADE, i now move to take up the bill
(II. R. No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio and othei
volunteers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I now offer an amendment,
which I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be ne-
cessary first to reconsider the vote passing the
bill.
The motion was made, and agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on reconsidering the vote ordering the bill
to be read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I now offer my amendment to
strike out of the preamble the woids " twelve
days after their assembling at the place of ren-
dezvous in said State appointed by the general
order of said Department," and insert in lieu
thereof, " some days alter their organization and
acceptance as companies by the Governor of said.
State," and, in section one of the bill, to strike out
the words "assembling at the place of rendezvous
in," and insert in lieu thereof the words organ-
ization and acceptance as companies by the Gov-
ernor of;" so that the bill will read:
Whereas the War Department ha> decided that the tetm
of M'lvieo of the nmety-day* volunteer-, called out under
the act of 1795, commenced oniv on the day when they
were actually ^wotn into the bciviceof the United States ;
and wheiea-, the troops now in the mtvic* o! the United
States fiom the State ol Ohio were not sworn into said
hcivice until j-omo days- aftei then-organization and accept
anee a- companies by the Governor ot Niid State, and that
f'oi -uich period, under existing laws, no payment can be
made ■ Tlioieioie,
lie it martod, <S c , That the propei disbursing officei com-
pute and pa\ to the -aid volunteeiNcompenaation rnunthe
da\ of then oii.miiiz.Uioo and acceptance a- companies by
tiie Oovemoi ot the State of Ohio, txa afoies.ud, until the
expiiaf.nn oi then term of seivice.
Sn-\ 2. Jlnd licit further enacted, That where the mi-
litia oi other State-roe -imated  nmlaih- with tho-e of
Ohio, tlie U'ai pay them according to thepio-
MMojHot the lott'ooinjr xeetion. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no i.
objection, these propositions will be considered ji
us one amendment. The Chair hears none, and [|
the question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. I will state very briefly the ob-
ject of this amendment. It comprises really two
propositions. As it passed the House, the pre-
amble of the bill, and, I believe, the body of the
bill, undertook to specify the exact time between
the mustering of the volunteers and their taking
the oath. It was found on inspection that that
was wfong, and we have not now the means of
exactly determining that. Wo theiefore desiie
to leave it at large on that point. In the second
place, the State of Ohio has paid her troops, and
the Government, I suppose, is willing to repay
her. They were mustered into the service in
camps in diffeient places; but they were organ-
ized and accepted by the Governor of the State
| for some considerable time before they were
marched into the encampments, and drilled there.
This is intended to cover the expense for that
penod, which, I suppose, should be paid for as
well as the other. The amendment is all light,
and I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to, and ordered to
be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridgh, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 21) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines of
the United States sloop-of-war Levant, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (No. 39) to provide for the temporary
increase of the Navy.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 2) to increase the pres-
ent military establishment of the United States,
with un amendment, in which the concurrence of
the Senate is tequested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (No. 1) authorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a steam
floating battery at Hoboken, New Jersey, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
HOUSE RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 1) authorizing the
appointment of examiners to examine a steam
floating battery at Hoboken, New Jersey, was
lead twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
FISHERIES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Semite, and House of Representatives:
As the United State-, have, m common with Great Brit-
ain and France, a deep inteict iu tlie preseivation and
development of the fisheries adjacent to the northeastern
coa^t and island-* ot tins continent, it seems pioper that
we should concert with the Governments of those countries
such mea^uies as may be conduei\e to tho-.e nnpoituut ob-
)ect< With this view, I transmit to Conjjrre*.s a copy of a
eoire^pomlence between the Secietaiv of State and the
Ihitish mtue-tei lieie, m which the latter proposes, on he-
half of hi* Government, the appointment of a joint com-
mission to inquire into the matter, m ordei that such uite-
nor measures may be adopted as may be advisable tor tlie
objects proposed. Such legislation h iccommended us
may be neces-ary In enable the Executive to provide toi a
comnushionei on behalf of the United State-..
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
washington, July 1!), 186u
On motion of Mi. SUMNER, the message was
referred to tlie Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no other busi-
ness before us, 1 move thai, the Senate proceed to
tlie consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and tho Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 19, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
-MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattoh,
