THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1s.t Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1861.
New Series.,.?.No. 14.
one of their clerks, announced that the President
had approved and signed an act to provide for the
appointment of assistant paymasters in the Navy.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An aet to provide for the better organization
of the military establishment;
An act for the better organization of the Marine
Corps; and
An act authorizing the appointment of an
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing the
salary of the same, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the call of committees for re-
ports of bills of a private character.
COMPLIMENT TO THE MASSACHUSETTS SIXTH.
Mr. TRAIN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due, and
are hereby tendeied, to the Massachusetts sixth legiment
of volunteer militia, for the alacrity with whieinhey re-
sponded to the cail of the President, and the patriotism
and bravcrv which they displayed on the 19th day of April
last, in fighting their way thiough tho city of Baltimore on
their march tor the defense of the Federal capifai.
The SPEAI£ER. Is there any objection?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Nonoatall,if the
gentleman will include the first and second Ohio
volunteers, who responded with a little more alac-
rity, even.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object5
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not; but I
move to amend by addmgunother resolution ex-
tending the thanks of the House to the first and
sccond Ohio volunteers. I want the thing made
complete, leaving nothing behind. Tii^ir slept
the first night on the steps of the State House,
in Columbus.
Mr. TRAIN. Believing that the design of the
gentleman is to defeat the object I had in offering
the resolution, I withdrawit.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the
withdrawal of the resolution. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken in his supposition as to my
object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to withdraw the resolution.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copics of the Sen-
ate bill No 1, entitled uAn act to authorize die employ-
ment of volunteers to nut in enfoicing the laws and pro-
tecting private piopcrty," as the same was agieed upon by
the co'mtmttee of conference, and passed by the Senate anil
Hunse of Representatives, be piinted for the use of the
member of the Hou^e.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, the resolu-
tion will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to put the resolution on its
passage.
The SPEAKER. It mustgo to the committee,
under a law of Congress, and it cannot be consid-
ered now, even by unanimous consent.
EXCUSED (FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I ask the House to excuse me
from serving on the Committee on Territories. I
have already been appointed on one standing com-
mittee, and also upon a special committee of some
importance. 1 trust that the House will excuse
me from serving on the Committee on Territories.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. KELLOGG, of flli nois. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr.AVASHBURNE. If there be any business
to do, 1 am for remaining here and attending to
it; but if there be none, tnen I think we had better
adjourn over. I would like to put a question to
14
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, if there be no objection.
Mr. COX. There is no use of our adjourning
over, except to let members go into Virginia and
get in the way of our soldiers. [Laughter.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes 56,
noes 40.
Mr. VAN WYCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. McPHERSON demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Van Wyck
and Lehman were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, the tellers
having reported ayes thirty-six—more than one
fifth of a quorum.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Goldsmith F. Bailey)
Baxter, Beaman, Fiancis I'. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake?
Burnett, Colfax, Cuitis, Edgerton, Fenton, Fianchor, Gri-
der, Gurley, Ilaighr, Iliekman, Ilolman, Ilorton, Ilutcliins,
William Kellogg, Lehman, McKean, Menzies, Justin S.
Mornll, Morris!,"Olin, Potter, Reid, Edward II. Rollins,
Sherman, Bpaulding, Stevcna, Vallatidigham,Wiree, Wall,
Wallace, Wa«hbume, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Win-
don), and Wood—4^.
NAYS—Messia. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Appleton, Joseph
Daily, Baker, Bingham, William G Brown, Buffinton, Cal-
vert, Chamberlain, Clark, Cobb, Fiedetiek A. Conkling,
lloscoe Colliding, Coinvay, Coopei, Corning, Cox, (Jris-
tleld, Chittenden, Cutler, Dawef, Delano, DelapUuno,
l)iv«n, Duel!, Dunlap, Eliot, Ely, "English, Fcr-senden,
Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granget, Hale, Haidtng,
llairUon, Jackson, Johnson, Kelley, Kiliiyget, Landing,
Lazear, Loomis, Mel'hei^on, Malloiy, Anson P. Moutil,
Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Odell, George II. Pendleton,
Peny, Pomeioy, Kiddle, Jame.u Rollins. Hcdgwick, ^hot-
field, Shell.ib,iigci, Sloon, i-'niith, John It. Steele, William
G. Steele, Pttatton, FiancH Thomas, Tram, Tiowbiidge,
Upton, Vandi-ver. Van Horn, Van Valkenlmrgh, Van
Wyck, Vibluid, Wa'Kwoith, Charles W. Walton, E P.
Walton, Waul, Webster, VVhaley, Clultou A. White,
WickiiHe, Woodruff, Woicestct, aij.d Wiight—85.
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Monday.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. McKnigiit, was detained at his room by
illness.
Mr. HALE stated that his colleague, Mr. Pat-
ton, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. MOORHEAD (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
CIVIL WAR.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to present the res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk, and to
have the privilege of mukinga few remarks on
them before they are pressed to a vote. I desire
that they may bo considered to-morrow.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved hy the Ilonseof Representatives of ike Congress
of the United States< That the present deploi.ible eivtl war
lia*> been forced upon the country b\ the diMiniomvts ol ihe
southern Stale.-- now in levolt igairW, the constitutional
Government and in aims around the capital; that in this
national emergency Congre--;, banihhmgall feeling of mere
pas&ion or le^entment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole countu ; that thi^ wai is not waged upon our pair
in anyspuit of oppr<^Mon, noi loi any pmpose of conquer
oi subjugation, nor purpose of ovcithio\vin<r or intei icring
with the iifrhti 01 establi-hcd institution* oftho^e .States :
but to defend and maintain tiie Mipiemacv of the Con-litu-
tion and to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equal-
it), and rights ol the seveial States uuimp<uied ; that as
foou as tho&'j objects? are accomplished the wai ought to
cease.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
indemnity.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of pri-
vate bills.
Mr. UPTON". I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution Co in-
demnify loyal citizens of'Fairfax, Virginia, for
the desti action of property.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Read the bill.
The bill was read in extenso it provides that
the Secretary ofWarshall appointa commissioner
whose duty it shall be to proceed in person to
Fairfax Court-House and Germantown, in Fair"
fax county, to investigate the facts of the burning
of any dwelling, barn, or outhouse by the troops
of the United States, the property of a loyal citizen
or citizens, and said commissioner shall be em-
powered to take testimony, under oath, and report
the facts with his valuation; and also, that the
sum of §10,000, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, is appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury, as indemnification for such injury.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. That bill would
have to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, even if it were now intro-
duced.
CIVIL WAR AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is it in order to move the
suspension of the rules for the purpose of getting
before the House the resolutions presented by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittendew ?1
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to suspend
the rules on any other day than Monday. ■
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 appeal to mycolleague
to withdraw his objection to the introduction of
the resolution of our venerable colleague, [Mr.
Crittenden.]
Mr. BURNETT. My venerable colleague will
wait until his junior colleague objccts.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. J thought the objection
came from my colleague.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; it came from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
JOHN C. M'CONNELL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of John C. McConnell.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that the bill
be put on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill is excluded under
the Holman resolution, which is now an order of
the House. It must, under that rule, be referred,
if objection be made.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
BOOKS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the superintendent of the House
folding-room, in reply to a resolution of the House
as'king for a statement of the number of books,
&c., on hand belonging to the members from
States now unrepresented; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
TEMPORARY INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 32,
to provide for the temporal y increase of the Navy,
with the lecommcridation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. SEDGWICKdemandedtheprevious ques-
tion on its third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fllom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate hud passed
bill of the House (No. 50) for the relief of the
Ohio and other volunteers.
