1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
ate. In th&e exciting times, therefore, I move
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If we adjourn now, to
meet on Monday, is it not likely that the Senate
will follow our example?
Mr. STEVENS. No. I never knew the Sen-
ate to follow a good example. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to.
ARMORY AT ELJIIRA, NEW YORK.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee on armories be
instructed to inquire into and report on the propriety of
establishing an aimory at Elmira, New York.
Objection was made.
PRINTING VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the Senate
bill (No. 1) entitled " An act to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting the
public piopeity," as the same was agreed upon by the com-
mittee of confidence and passed by the Senate and House
of Representatives, he punted in pamphletform for the u&e
of menibeis of the House.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the resolution by
striking out twenty thousand and inserting ten
thousand.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Twenty thou-
sand will give each member one hundred copies.
Mr. COX. That is just fifty more than we
need.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I beg leave to sug-
gest to the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, that it would lie better to delay this thing for
a few days. I move to refer the resolution back
to the Committee on Printing.
The question was taken on Mr. Vallandig-
iiam's motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Cox's
amendment, and it was agreed to.  
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, asked unanim-
ous consent to present certain petitions and to
have them printed.
Objection was made.
UNITED STATES STATISTICS.
Mr. WOOD asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Whereas it is meet and proper that we should exhibit to
our citizens, as well as to foreigner, the resources ot our
country,
Be it therefore rcsoIvcd% That the Secretary of the In-
terior be requeued to furnish to this House, at the earliest
moment practicable, classified by States and Teirnoues,
-from the statistics of' the census of JS60: 1. The value of
the real and personal estate; 2. Agrieultuial products, etc.,
including—
Indian corn, bushels of. Rice, pounds of, distinguish-
VViieat, bushels ol. mg whether clean or rough.
Cotton, bales of 400 pounds. Clover-seed, bu^IieU ot.
Ilay, tons of. FI<l.\-.sc<:(], bushels of.
Rntter, pounds of. Other grass "mode,bushels of.
Potatoes, lush, bushels of. Hops, pounds of.
Potatoes, sweet, bushels of. Wine, gallons of.
Wool, pounds of. llorse^, asses, and mules—
Tobacco, pounds of. number of, and estimated
Cane sugar, hogsheads of value.
1,000 pound*. Milch cows, number of, and
Maple sugar, pounds of. estimated value.
Molasses, gallons of. Woikii.S oxen, number of,
Beeswax and honey, pounds and estimated value.
of. Other cattle, numbet of, and
Rye, bushels of. estimated value.
Oaf*, bushels of. Sheep, number of, and csti-
iiuckwheat, bushels of. mated value.
Peas and beans, bushels of. Swme, number of, and esti-
Barley, pounds of. mated value.
Cheese, pounds of. Live stock over one year old
Homp, dew rotted, tons of. —number, and estimated
Hemp, water rotted, tons of. annual product.
Mr. BURNETT. All that information will be
got in the published statistics. I object to the
introduction of the resolution.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IX MISSOURI.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to repeal paits of the act
entitled "An act to divide the State of Missouri
into judicial districts, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee oil Uie Judiciary.
JOHN WILSON.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illi nois,by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
Resolved^ That the Clerk of the House pay to John Wil-
son, out of the contingent fund of the House, for his ser-
vices in superintendingand directing the preparation of the
maps of the laud States, for the use of the Committee on
Public Lands, ordered by lesolution of the House of May
4,1848, at the rate of $1,800 per annum, from May 4,1848,
to July 14,1852, during which time lie was engaged in that
service.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by-
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, requesting the
House to return to the Senate the bill for the
relief of the Ohio and other volunteers.
It was so ordered.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to restrain disloyal citizens of the
United States from suing in the judicial courts of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Hay, one
of his Private Secretaries.
Hfe i
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT. /
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to consider House bill No. 37, for
the better organization of the military establish-
ment. And I also move that general debate on
said bill be closed in ten minutes after the com-
mittee shall have proceeded to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 37) for the better organi-
zation of the military establishment.
The bill was read through.
The reading of the bill was then commenced by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to strike out
" $4,000," in the seventh line of (he first section,
and insert " $3,000." The section would then
read:
That tlie President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with tin- advice and consent of the Senate,
an officer in the War Department, to be called tiie Assist-
ant Seeretaiy of War, who shall bo a man of mihtaiy edu-
cation and expciienee, whose salary snail be £#,000 per
annum, payable in the same manner as that of the Kecie-
taiy of War, w ho i-hal! peiform all such duties in the olliee
of the Secretary of Wat, belonging to that Department, as
shall by prescubed by the Secretary of War, or as may be
required by law.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that §3,000 a year is
as large a salary as any of the Assistant Secre-
taries now receive. I think that salaiy is suffi-
cient. I suppose it is probable that this Congress,
at its next session, may be called upon to reduce
the salaries of all the officers of the Government
below their ptesent salaries. Atall events, I think
$3,000 is a sufficient salary for an Assistant Sec-
retary. If we fix this salary at §4,000, we shall
be called on by the other assistants to raise their
salaries to the same standard. To save us the
necessity, therefore, of going through this level-
ing up process,! have offered this amendment,and
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, upon the ground
that an Assistant Secretary of War, such as is
provided for by this section, should be a man of
such military education and experience as will
make him necessarily occupy a very different
position from that occupied by the assistants of
the other Secretaries who have, for the most part,
acted rather as private secretaries than in any
higher capacity.
For this reason, among others, the Committee
on Military Affairs have deemed it necessary, in
order to procure the services of men of such mil-
itary education and experience as is required for
the position, to fix the salary as high as $4,000.
Especially at this particular time, the position
ought to be filled by the employment of the highest
capacity. 1 therefore hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to amend, by adding at
the end of the section, as follows:
Provided) That the said office shall only continue while
the volunteer force is in service for the suppression of the
present rebellion.
' I am aware that at the present time the addi-
tional duties devolved upon the Secretary of War
are such-as to make assistance necessary. But
I am opposed to creating, on account of the pres-
ent emergency, such a permanent office, and for
that reason I submit this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following section being under consider-
ation:
Sec 5. JhitJ be it further enacted? That there shall bo
added to the corns of engineers one brigadier general, who
shall command both the military and topographical engi-
neers, and one colonel, two lieutenant colonel?, and two
majors. The superintendent of the Military Academy shall
be selected fiotn the engineei corps, and distinguished for
his scientific attainments. He shall have the local lank,
pa^, and allowances of a colonel of engineers, and be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to strike out
the first clause relating to military and topograph-
ipal engineers, and to insert as follows:
/ Jltulbc it further enacted. That the corps of engineers and
c" topograph u:a I engineer6! shall heieafter be known as the first
and second engineers, and that there shall be added to the
corps, thus united, one brigadier, who shall command both;
and one lieutenant colonel to the first and one to the second
engineers; and to both the first and second engineers two
majors; the field officers to be appointed by selection from
their respective coips. And to both corps there shall be
added three first and three second lieutenants: Provided,
That the first and second lieutenants to be added to the
corps shall be taken from the giaduatesol the Military
Academy recommended for promotion in said corps by the
academic board ot said institution.
The object of this amendment which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have instructed me to
offer, is to combine these two engineer corps.
Heretofore there have been two corps of engi-
neers. One of engineers proper, and the other of
topographical engineers. The duties of the two
corps are very nearly the same; in fact, so very
much alike that it is very difficult for any one
of either to point out the difference. Wc have
thought it best, therefore, to unite the two corps.
Under the present organization, there has been
much jealousy between the two corps, and it is
in part to remedy that difficulty that we have pro-
posed the union under one head. I think the
amendment should be adopted.
Mr. EDGERTON. I do not know that I un-
derstood, from the reading of the amendment,
whether it provides a lieutenant colonel for the
second engineers only, or one for each.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. One for each.
Mr. EGER-TON. I move to awnd, then, by
striking out one for the first engineers; leaving
one for the second.
My reason for moving this amendment is this:
as stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, there has always been a rivalry
and jealousy existing between these two corps,
from their organization until the present time.
Under the present organization the first engineers
have one lieutenant colonel more than the second.
The chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs states that he desires to place both corps on
an equality. In doing that it will be necessary to
give the second engineers one lieutenant colonel
and not give the first engineers any. That would
place them on an equality. To accomplish that
object I have offered this amendment, which I
hope the committee will adopt.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did notstate that
I desired to see the two corps placed upon an en-
tire equality, but simply to continue them under
one head, for the reason that their duties are pre-
cisely the same, or, at least, very similar. I do
not, however, see any necessity for keeping up
this balance between the two corps. Because
there is a lieutenant colonel for one corps I do
not see that it must necessarily follow that there
must or must not be a lieutenant colonel for the
other corps.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to say just one
word further in relation to this matter. If the
object is to break up this rivalry, it seems to me
it is essential that you should place them on an
equality; and if there is to be an equality between
them, then, if you give a lieutenant colonel to the
| second, you must not give one to the first corps.
-[ The amendment is proper, however, for the rea-
ll son that the first class aie employed upon perma-
