THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
BONDS OF ARMY PAYMASTERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
ajoint resolution (S.No.7) in regard to the bonds
of paymasters, to report it back to the Senate,
with a recommendation that it do not pass. I will
state to the Senate that, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, if the bonds already given by the paymas-
ters who have been appointed in the recess, are
good, it needs the passage of no joint resolution.
If they are not good to hold the securities on a
newappointment made and confirmed by the Sen-
ate, no action of Congress can make them valid.
It was the opinion of the committee that Congress
had no power to enlarge or increase the liability
of the securities; and thatif the bonds, as already
given, would not hold the sureties, no action of
ours would help the matter; and if they are valid,
no action is needed.
REMISSION OF FINES AND PENALTIES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
17) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit fines and penalties in certain cases, report
it without amendment. It is very simple in its
provisions, and I think it may as well be acted
on now.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
17) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit fines and penalties in certain cases was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is pro-
posed to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the person or persons entitled to receive
the same, the amount of such fines or penalties
as have been incurred and paid by the owners or
masters of vessels since the 1st day of December,
1860, in consequence of their failure to produce
to the collectors of the customs the clearances or
other papers prescribed and required by the laws
of the United States regulating the issue-of ma-
rine papers, and the foreign and coasting trades.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to be satisfied
in*each case that there was no willful negligence
or any intention of fraud on the part of the per-
son or persons incurring the fines or penalities,
and that they wore unable to obtain the requisite
papers by reason of there being no officer of the
customs at the port of departure authorized to
issue marine papers or to grant clearances under
the laws of the United States.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also to bo
authorized to pay to the person or persons enti-
tled to receive the same the sum of $500, that
being the amount of a fine improperly exacted by
the collector of the customs at the port of Norfolk,
Virginia, in the month of November, I860, of the
master of the India, a Russian vessel.
He is also to be authorized to remit, in whole
or in part, on such conditions and under such reg-
ulations, not inconsistent with law, as he may
prescribe, the additional duty secured by the bond
given for the transportation of merchandise from
a port in one collection district to a port in another
collection district, prescribed by the sixth section
of the act entitled " An act to extend the ware-
housing system by establishing private bonded
warehouses and for other purposes," approved
the 28th day of March, 1854; but it must be proved
to the satisfaction of the'Secretary of the Treas-
ury that the failure to transport and deliver the
merchandise according to the conditions of the
bond occurred without willful negligence or fraud-
ulent intent on the part of the obligors.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AKMS TO LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of asking the unanimous consent of the
Senate to introduce a bill of which no previous
notice has been given.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 38)
making an appropriation to pay the expenses of
transporting and delivering anns and munitions
of war to the loyal citizens of the States now in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, and to provide for the expense of organ-
izing them into companies, battalions, regiments,
or otherwise, for thfiir own protection againstdo-
mestic violence, insurrection, invasion, or rebel-
lion, was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My intention
is, to make a motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia. I will
simply state, in this connection, that the object of
the bill is, substantially, to call upon the Govern-
ment to protect the loyal citizens of the rebellious
States in their constitutional rights. The loyal
citizens of those States feel that this Government
is bound to protect them in the enjoyment of a
republican form of government. They feel that
this Government is bound to protect them against
rebellion, against invasion, against insurrection,
and against domestic violence. The object is sim-
ply to call upon the Government to protect them
in the enjoyment of their constitutional rights, or
to place them in such condition that they will be
enabled to enforce them. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
POLICE FORCE IN WASHINGTON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 37) to
regulate the police force in the city of Washing-
ton.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that from and after its pas-
sage the auxiliary watch or guard, and all police-
men within the city of Washington authorized by
any act of Congress, and paid by the Government
of the United States, shall be appointed by the
Piesident of the Senate, and, in his absence, by
the President of the Senate pro tempore, and the
Speakerof the House of Representatives; and that
all provisions of law vesting such appointments
in the Mayor of the city of Washington be re-
pealed. The appointment of captain and meirv
bers of the guard, watch, or police, heretofore
made, is to remain in full force until the appoint-
ments are removed or superseded, as provided in
the first section of this act.
Mr. 1IALE. I want to inquire, for informa-
tion, if there is not a bill of similar import, or
touching the same matter, that has passed the
House of Representatives, and been sent to the
Senate5 *
Mr. GRIMES. There has been a bill of a
somewhat similar import passed by the House
of Representatives and sent to the Senate; and
this was submitted by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia as a substitute for that. The
change is this: the House bill provided that the
power to appoint the police should be vested ill
the Secretary of the Intciioi; the Committee on
the District of Columbia thought that it was hardly
proper to make the head of one of the Govern-
ment Departments a chief of police in the metrop-
olis of the country, and they proposed to confer
the power, as it was a congressional police that
was to be created, on the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. Ii nquire of the Senator whether
there is any provision made for an appointment
in case of a vacancy occurring when Congress is
not in session ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. What is that?
Mr. GRIMES. In case, of the absence of the
Vice President, the President pro tempore of the
Senate is to act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That tfie papers in the rape of Nicholas Cntler-
Iiill, on the files ol the Senate, be inferred to the Commit-
tee oil Pensions.
DESTRUCTION OF NAYY-YARDS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to mqune into the circumstances attending the
sutiender of the navy-yard at Pensaeola, and tlie destruc-
tion of the property of the United State* at tho navv-yard
at Noifolk. and tho abandonment oi the same by thefoices
ofthe United States, and to inqune especially if there was
any dufauit m cither case on the pait of any officer of the
United States; and that said committee be empowered to
send foi persons and papeis, and that thevbe authorized
to sit dunnjj the lecess of Congress; and fiiithcr, thai they
be allowed to devolve ail or a portion of those inquuxes on
a siib-comnnttee of their own racmbcis,if they shall deem
it expedient.
This is an important resolution; and as I desire
that it should have the opinion of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, I move that it be referred to
them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That reference
is ordered; no objection being made.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 24) authorizing the Secretary of War to reim-
burse the New York seventy-first regiment of vol-
unteers for, expenses incurred in employing a
regimental band; which the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, proceeded to consider. The bill,
as originally introduced, authorized the Secretary
of War to pay to the officers, non-commissioned
officers, and privates, of the New York seventy-
first regiment of volunteers, the amounts advanced
by each towards defraying the expenses incurred
by them in employing regimental bands, the sum
not to exceed $4,000.
Thfc Committee on Military Affairs reported it
with an amendment, to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause, and to insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to refund, outof any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to the volunteers called out
by the President's proclamation of the 15th April, 1861, such
sums of money as may have been expended by the said
voluntocis in the employment ol lesfimental or company
hand^ during the peuod of their service under said procla-
mation : Provided, The amount to be allowed <hali not ex-
ceed that to be paid to volunteer bands regulaily mustered
into the service under the President's proclamation of May
3, 1861.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the title was
amended, so as to read: " A bill authorizing the
Secretary of War to reimburse volunteers for
expenses incurred in employing regimental and
other bands."
CONFISCATION OK PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
25) to confiscate property used for insurrection-
ary purposes, have directed me to report it back
to the Senate, with an amendment to the second
section. I will ask to have it considered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifnoobjcction
be made, the bill will be considered at the present
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very important
bill, and I think it had better be postponed.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not ask for the con-
sideration of the bill. I ask merely to have the
amendment considered so as to have that with the
bill. The bill itself is printed, and laid on the
tables of Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the committee will
be considered at. the present time. The Chair
hears no objection.
The committee reported the bill with an amend-
ment, to add at the end of section two the follow-
ing words:
Jn any district in which the same may be seized, or into
which they may be taken and pioceedmgs first instituted.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That such prizes and
captures bhall be condemned in the district or circuit court
of the United States having jurisdiction of the amount, or
in admiralty in any district in which the same may be
seized, or into which they may be taken and proceedings
first instituted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill has been thor-
oughly considered—as I suppose it has been by
the Committee on the Judiciary—I willinterpose
no objection to its being acted on now. I should
like to hear it read through, however, for I have
not had an opportunity to read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the bill will be read at large for
information, with a view to its consideration at
this time.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and the bill cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care to have the
bill considered at this time; but I should like to
offer an amendment to th^ bill, which is not re-
ported from the committee; but an amendment I
