1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bit
design offering with a view to have it before the
Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my objection for
that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing withdrawn, the amendment can be received.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire the con-
sideration of the amendment at this time, but I
propose the following as an additional section:
And be if further enacted, That whenever any person
claiming to be entitled to the service or labor of any other
person, under the laws of any State, shall employ such per-
son in aiding or promoting any insurrection, or in resisting
the laws of the United States, or shall permit or sufferhim
to be so employed, he shall forfeit all right to such service
or labor, and the person whoso labor or service is thus
claimed shall be henceforth discharged therefrom; any law
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not understand the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary to
offer this amendment as coming from tha* com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated distinctly, that I
offered that amendment myself, not from the com-
mittee.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie over under the objection to its present consid-
eration.
ARMORED SHIPS.,,
Mr. GRIMES. Since the Senator from Rhode
Island interposed his objection to the considera-
tion of any business to-day we have been pass-
ing several bills. There is one on the table of a
great deal of importance, relative to the construc-
tion of iron vessels of war, reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and if there be no
objection, I will move that that bill be taken up
and considered now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 36) to provide for the construction
of one or more armored ships and floating bat-
teries, and for other purposes. It directs the Sec-
retary of tlyj Navy to appoint a board of three
skillful naval officers to investigate the plans and
specifications that may be submitted for the con-
struction of iron-clatl steamships or steam bat-
teries; and on their report, should it be favorable,
the Secretary of the Navy is to eau.se one or more
armored or iron-clad steamships or floating steam
batteries to be built; and the bill appropriates for
that purpose the sum of $1,500,000. It further
enacts that in case of a vacancy in the office of
engineer-in-chief of the Navy, the appointment
thereto shall be made from the list of chief engi-
neers.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire whether this
is not a bill that the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee reported this morning, and which he then
said was not to be taken up to-day?
Mr. GRIMES. Do you mean the one objected
to by the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. COLLAMEJR. No, sir. I ask if this is
not the bill reported by the chairman this morn-
ing, which was not to be considered, but which
was to lie over. I think this is the very one. I
do not know why it should be called up again and
now attempted to be put on its passage. The
chairman of the committee did not expect it to be.
Mr. HALE. I wish to have no misunder-
standing about this matter. I was instructed to
ask for the consideration of the bill this morning;
but when the Senator from Rhode Island objected
that it was understood that no business of an im-
portant character should be transacted this morn-
ing, though I was not aware of it, I then said I
had these two otherb'lls to report; but under that
suggestion of the Senator from Rhode Island, I
would not press their consideiation.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Rhode
Island is out of his seat now. He is not here.
Mr. HALE. Yes he is. He is in the Chamber.
The PRESlDENT;)?-o£e ipore. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill at this time?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir. I object to it.
The bill was laid over.
APPROVAL OP PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order being near,
if there be no other business of the morning hour,
and if it be agreeable to the Senator entitled to the
floor upon the special order, the Chair will call it
up for consideration. The joint resolution (S.
No. 1) to approve and confirm certain acts of the
President of the United States for suppressing in-
surrection and rebellion, is now before the Sen-
ate. The question is upon the passage "of the
resolution; and on that question the Senatorfrom
California [Mr. Latham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM addressed the Senate for an
hour and a half. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. RICE. Occupying the same position po-
litically that my honorable friend from California
does, I rise for the purpose of saying that I in-
dorse, to the fullest extent, all that has this day
so ably and eloquently fallen from his lips.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it meets
the pleasure of the Senate, I will move that this
jointresolution go over until Monday, and be made
the special order for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WADE. T move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Let us finish
our executive business.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 22, 1861.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland,
i The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE TA3UPF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS, I present a bill as a substi-
tute for the tariff bill of the House of Represent-
atives. I ask that it be printed for the use of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (S. No. 40) to modify and increase the
duties on imports and for other purposes, was
road twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Financc, and ordered to be printed.
NAVAL MEDICAL COUPS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempofe. If there be no
motions, petitions, or reports from committees,
the Chair will call up the business on the Calen-
dar. The first business is the bill (S. No. 31) to
increase the medical corps of the Navy, to which
an amendment is pending, which was offered by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add as a new section :
Jind be it farther ciiactcd, That foi the purpose of meet-
ing the present oxigoneie«i of the naval -ei vice, there shall
be appointed one pupil at the United States Naval School
by the Piesident of the United Slates before the 1st day of
ricplembei next, upon the recommendation of the m'-mber
of Congress ^presenting thcdi&trictm which the applicant
actually reside.-; one pupil upon the recommendation of
each Senator of the United States; and ten pupils by the
President at laigo.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is some differ-
ence of opinion upon that provision, and that it
had better lie over until the Senate is fuller. I
shall, however, interpose no objection, except to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. We desire to understand
what this question is Perhaps the Senator from
Iowa can inform us what the true character of it is.
Mr. GRIMES. The first section of the bill
provides for increasing the surgical naval force
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred. I
suppose there can be no controversy as to the ne-
cessity of that increase. It will hardly supply one
surgeon to each vessel of war that will be in the
employment of the Government after the con-
struction of the gun-boats and sloops-of-war that
are now in process of construction, and the sup-
ply vessels that ha\e already been purchased by
the Department. The present number of surgeons,
passed assistant surgeons, and assistantsurgeons,
is one hundred and fifty. This authorizes their
increase to two hundred.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs authorizes, as now, the appoint-
ment to the Naval School of one pupil by the Pres-
ident, upon the recommendation of each member
of Congress, and also one pupil upon the recom-
mendation of each Senator i-n Congress, and ten
pupils by the President, at large. Hitherto the
President has been authorized by law to appoint
ten pupils in the Military Academy, at large.
Generally they have been selected from the sons
of officers of the two services—the naval and mil-
itary; but this privilege or power has never been
conferred upon the President of the United Stages
in regard to the Naval Academy.
Mr. COLLAMER. You mean, by pupils,mid-
shipmen-?
Mr. GRIMES. Acting midshipmen. They do
not become midshipmen until they have been in
the school four years. They are acting midship-
men. He has never had the power hitherto to
appoint any at large. By this amendment that •
power will be conferred on him in regard to the
Naval Academy, as well as in regard to the*Mil-
itary Academy. The reason thatinduced the com-
mittee to recommend that each Senator shall have
the power to appoint—and, by the way, this pro-
vision only applies to the present year, and not
to any succeeding year—was this: if we author-
ized each member of the House of Representatives
to appoint two pupils, we should then fill the
Academy so full that there would be no accommo-
dations for the number; yet the necessities of the
service require that there should be a greater num-
ber than one for each member of the House or
Representatives. The committee have therefore
allowed to each Senator the privilege of appointing
one for this year, and no longer.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand that
at present, without the passage of this bill, each
member of the House of Representatives is en-
abled to appoint one. The number, as I under-
stand it, of the acting midshipmen, is fixed by law,
and then it is apportioned among the States ac-
cording to their representative population; but it
is not true that there is one there for each mem-
ber at the same time. The school is not so large
as that, I understand. This is to make it perma-
nently so large as to have one member in it for
each district m the Union. Would not that very
much increase it?
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont is mistaken in supposing that each repre-
sentative district is not now entitled to one pupil
at the Naval Academy. As I understand it, each
Representative of a congressional district is enti-
tled to one pupil.
Mr. KING. How many do they have there?
Mr. GRIMES. We have regularly four classes
at the Academy. At this time all the classes have
been sent away and arc now performing valuable
service to the country, except the younger class.
We are obliged to keep up just the same corps of
professors; they are in ouremployment; and, ex-
cept by the passage of some law, we have no power
to discharge them. It is essential, as the commit-
tee think, that the Academy should be filled up
with these younger a#d more active and more effi-
cient officers for the service.
Mr. HARRIS. I think the Senatorfrom Iowa
is in a little error as to the existing law in refer-
ence to this school. If I understand it, under the
present law each congressional district is entitled
to a little more than one cadet at the school—
about one and one third. That is to say, each
district may have one cadet there all the time, and
about one third of the time may have two cadets
there under the present law. But at the present
time the school is reduced to the small number of
sixty-six pupils. There is one class now in the
school of sixty-six. Such have been the exigen-
cies of the service, that three classes have been
taken out of the school, and are now actually in
the naval service, acting as midshipmen; and I
am aware of the fact, that so great is the demand
for service of this kind in the Navy, that it is
contemplated to take a portion of the present class,
those who have made the greatest proficiency
this autumn, and put them intotheNavy. It seems
to me that there is a great demand on Congress to
fill up the school. As has been said, we have a
large corps of professors there, supported by the
Government. We have all the appliances neces-
sary for the education of two or three hundred
midshipmen. Now the school is actually reduced
to sixty-six, and it is proposed to reduce it still
more; but, in my judgment, there is a defect in
the proposition of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the committee's proposi-
tion.
