218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Mr. HARRIS. In the proposition of the com-.
mittee. The amendment that is proposed, if I
comprehend the terms of the amendment, will
authorize every member of Congress*in both
Houses now to nominate a pupil for the school,
and the President, in addition, to appoint ten. In
other words, the new pupils to be appointed be-
tween thisand the 1st of September, for the purpose
of filling up the school, will be equal to the aggre-
gate number of both Houses of Congress, with
the addition of ten. That is rather too many.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not as many as were
appointed in 1841.
Mr. HARRIS. That would make about 
Mr. GRIMES. Upwards of two hundred.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall not object to that. It
•is not quite as many as I had contemplated. The
school ought to be filled up; I have no doubt
about that; and it seems to me every member of
Congress must feel that the school ought not to
remain in its present condition, in view of the
exigencies of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the title was
amended so as to read as follows: " A bill to
increase the medical corps of the Navy, and for
other purposes."
ARMORED SHIPS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 36) to provide for the construction of one or
more armored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes, is the next bill in order on the
Calendar.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a board of
three skillful nayal officers to investigate the plans
and specifications that may be submitted for the
construction of iron-clad steamships or steam bat-
teries, and on their report, should it be favorable,
the Secretary is to cause one or more armored or
iron-clad steamships or floating steam batteries to
bo built, for which purpose the sumof $1,500,000
is to be appropriated. It also provides that in
case of a vacancy ill the office of cnginecr-in-chicl"
of the Navy, the appointment is to be made from
the list of chief engineers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BONDS OF ARMY FAYMASTEliS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution (S. No. 7) in relation to the bonds of pay-
masters in the Army is the next business in order
upon the Calendar, which has been leported from
the Committee on the Judiciary adversely.
The joint resolution was read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The usual mo-
tion upon an adverse report-ofa bill is, (hat it be
indefinitely postponed. If there bo no objection,
the Chair will put the question on that motion.
" Shall this joint resolution be indefinitely post-
poned?"
The motion was agreed to.
STISVENS'S FLOATING BATTERY.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
joint resolution (No. 1) authorizing the appoint-
ment of examiners to examine a steam floating
battery at Hoboken, New Jersey, is next in order.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee 'of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a board of
examiners to examine the iron steam battery now
building at Hoboken, New Jersey, and ascertain
what will be the eost of completing the sanii', how
soon it can bo completed, and the expediency
thereof, and report for the next meeting of Con-
gress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
lead the third time, and passed.
CONFISCATION OF PliOPERTY.
4 Thebill (S. No. 25) to confiscate property used
'• for insurrectionary purposes was announced to
■ be next in order; and it was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes that if,
during the present or any future insurrection
against the Government of the United States, after
the President of the United States shall have
declared, by proclamation, that the laws of the
United States are opposed, and the execution
thereof obstructed, by combinations too powerful
to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judi-
cial proceedings, or by the power vested in the
marshals by law, any person or persons, his, her,
or their agent, attorney, or employe, shall pur-
chase or acquire, sell or give, any property of
whatsoverkmd or description, with intent to use
or employ the same, or suffer the same to be used
or employed, in aiding, abetting, or promoting
such insurrection or resistance to the laws, or any
person or persons engaged therein; or if any per-
son or persons, being the owner or owners of any
such property, shall knowingly use or employ,
or consent to the use or employment of the same
as aforesaid, all such property is to be declared
to be lawful subject of prize and capture wherever
found; and it is to be the.duty of the President of
the United States to cause the same to be seized,
confiscated, and condemned. Such prizes and
capture are to be condemned in the district or
circuit court of the United States having jurisdic-
tion of the amount, or m admiralty. And the
Attorney General, or any district attorney of the
United States in which the property may at the
time be, may institute the proceedings of con-
demnation, and in such case they are to be wholly
for the benefitofthe United States;orany person
may file an information with such attorney, in
which case the proceedings are to be for the use
of such informer and the United States in equal
parts.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was to add to section two the
words:
" In any district in wluch the samo may ho seized or intq 
which they may betaken and proceedings first instituted."
So that the section will read:
Sr:c.2. Jind he it further enactcd, That such prizes and
capture shall he condemned m the district or moult couit
of the United States having jurisdiction ofthe amount, or in
udmnalty,iiianydistnctin which the same may bo seized,
oi into which they may be taken and ptoceedmgs first in-
stituted.
Mr. TRUMRULL. 'Shat amendment was con-
curred in when the bill was reported. It is mere
detail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was informed thai, objection was interposed to the
consideration of the bill at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment was re-
ported and concurred in, and I, as an individual,
subsequently offered an amendment to the bill.
That is the fact about it. I do notknowhow the
Journal appears. The question pending is an
amendment offered by me as an individual, and
not from the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on this amendment; that ap-
pears from the record. The Chair has some rec-
ollection of the fact as stated by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The record has been made
up wrongly, and that would cut out an amendment
which has been proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hill is
treated as not having been considered at ail, ob-
jection to its consideration having been interposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it is
very material; but it would be proper to correct
the Journal it it is that way, for it produces con-
fusion. There was another amendment offered
when the Senate last met, which is pending; and
which could not be offered and be pending if this
was undisposed of. An additional section was
offered as an amendment to the bill by mo, and
unless the correction can be made, perhaps the
wisest way to get it right is to pass on it again. I
suppose there will be no objection to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the Senator is a
little mistaken about it. This amendment was
offeied and some motion was made about its being
adopted; but objection was made to the consider-
ation of the bill at that time, and therefore that
inchoate business was passed over, it being unfin-
ished matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont is mistaken. Objection was made by the
Senator from Kentucky—he will remember it—to
the consideration of the bill. I asked him if he
had any objection to considering this amendment
and having it put on the bill ? He said he had not,
and it was adopted. I then offered another amend-
ment for the purpose of getting it before the Sen-
ate, and stated that the bill would be postponed.
The Senator from Vermont has probably got the
two things mixed together. That was the fact
about it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand this to be
the case: an amendment cannot be made to a bill
on the day it is reported if objection be made to
its consideration, even though the Senator who
makes the objection consents to the amendment.
The moment the objection is made the bill goes
over, even if he does agree to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it that a Senator
has a right to withdraw his objection, and in this
case the Senator from Kentucky did withdraw it
and the Senator from Vermont did not renew it.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; I did not renew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was withdrawn for the
purpose of allowing the amendment to be made.
If tin? Senator from Vermont wishes a dispute
with me about the fact, I tell him the objection
was withdrawn by the Senator from ICcntucky
and the amendment was agreed to to my personal
knowledge, and then I proposed an amendment
with the understanding that it was to lie over.
The Senator from Kentucky will recollect it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator has perfect0confidence in the truth of his state-
ment; but the difficulty arises in this way: the
record is that the bill passed over upon objection
being made; that is the way it stands; thebill was
not considered, it being objected to. As I under-
stand the process of business at the Clerk's desk,
if a bill passes over in any way upon objection
being made, although the Senator objecting may
be willing to agree to the amendment proposed,
it is not regarded as agreed to. If he withdraws
his objection to the amendment, thebill goes on;
but if the objection is persisted in, and the bill
goes over on account of the objection, the amend-
ments are not considered as adopted. That, I take
it, is the manner of doing business at the desk.
Mr. POWELL. I think the statement made
by the Senator from Illinois is corrcc?. When the
bill was reported, an amendment from the com-
mittee was read, and the Senator himself wished
to offer an amendment as an individual. I ob-
jected to the consideration of the bill, but at the
instance of the Senator from Illinois I withdrew
the objection for the purpose of having the com-
mittee's amendment considered. That was con-
sidered, and then the bill passed over under the
objection. I, in the committcc, was opposed to
the amendment and to the bill, as the Senator is
aware. He has stated the facts corrcctly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sorry to be misap-
prehended. I understand that, from the mode of
business at the desk, such a thing cannot take
place. I have no doubt both those gentlemen
understand it just as they say; but if the bill goes
over under the objection, the amendments cannot
be recorded, and are not considered as being the
act of the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois, which will be read.
Mr. Trumbull's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Jlnd be it farther enaded, That whenever any person
claiming to be entitled to the service or labor of any other
person, under the laws ot'any State, shall employ such per-
son in aiding or promoting aay msuirection, or in resisting
the laws of the United Slates, or shall pet nut or suffer him
to be so employed, he shall foitcit all right to such service
or labor, and "the pci&on whose soivice 01 labor is thus
claimed shall be theneeioith discharged thciofrom, any law
to the eontiaiy notwithstanding.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There arc some pro-
visions of the bill which I thirtk are subject to just
criticism, and this amendment strikes me as very
objectionable. I do not propose to argue it, for
I am aware it will probably command a decided
majority in the Senate; but I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 should like to hear the amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the yeas and nays are
called for, I will state simply what it is, and all
there is of it. The amendment provides that if
any person held to service or labor in any State,
