220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
that the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Miiitary Aflairs, with a request that they report
by bill or otherwise.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. Let the resolution be printed.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
approval 03? presidential acts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order
of the day, being the joint resolution (S. No. 1)
to approve and confirm certain acts of the Presi-
dent of the United States for suppressing insur-
rection and rebellion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. On account ot
indisposition, I cannot proceed to-day; and if'it
be the pleasure of the Senate, I piefer that the
resolution should go over until Wednesday at
one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind the Senate that there is now no busi-
ness of a legislative character on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
house bill referred.
The bill (No. 37) providing for the better or-
ganization of the military establishment was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
tiie national loan.
Mr. FESSEftfDEN. -I move that the vote by
' which we passed this morning the bill (S. No.
. 41) supplementary to the act entitled " An act to
authorize a national loan and for other purposes,"
he reconsidered. I do it with a view to add a sec-
tion 'which seems to be necessary.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next ques-
tion is, "Will the Senate reconsider the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time?"
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now open to amendment.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I move to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Trensin y notes issued
under the piovistons of tin; said act may bo signed by the
Treasurer of tin* United Static, or by any of the officer*
named in the second election thereof, or by any oHieer of the
Treasury Department designated by the Secretaiy of tin*
Tieasuiy for said puipose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third lime, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the joint resolution of the
Senate (No. 5) to pay to the widow of the late
Stephen A. Douglas the amount due to him as a
Senator at the time of his death, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. G4) to refund duties on
arms imported by States; in which the eoncui-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 57) for the relief of
Ohio and other volunteers.
house kills referred.
The bill (No. 64) to refund duties on arms im-
ported by States was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
increase of the army.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate passed the other
day a bill to increase the Army. That bill went
to the House of Representatives, and the House
amended the bill by striking out ail after the en-
acting clause, and inserting a substitute providing
for the more effectual organization of a volunteer
force. The bill came back with this amendment,
and was referred on Saturday, as I learn, to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. 1
think that it is a very plain and simple question,
and it is important that we should act on it to-day.
I move that the committee be instructed to report
the bill back to the Senate forthwith.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that the more appropriate motion
would be, that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration. If that motion carries,
it brings the bill before-the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts is, that the
Committee on Military Affairs be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (S. No. 2) to
increase the present military establishment of the
United States, with the amendment of the House
of Representatives thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is now
in the possession of the Senate, and the question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate, although that time is not now
very precious. We passed the other day a bill
for the organization of eleven regiments to be
added to the regular Army. The House of Rep-
resentatives have changed it altogether, and the
amendment which they have adopted in reality
provides for a volunteer force. Their amend-
ment provides that the officers of the Army who
accept commissions in these regiments shall, at
the end of the war, go back to their old regiments
with their former rank. It so happens that, m
organizing these new regiments, the Government
adopted the plan of taking one half of the field
officers, and of the captains and first lieutenants,
from the Army; the object being to make this
force a good army force in the shortest possible
time, and to bring into these regiments, which are
to be very large regiments, n laige class of trained
and experienced officers. These appointments
have been made, and many officers have accepted
their newappointments. Oftheeleven regiments,
nine, I think, are officered as colonels by men from
the Army. A large share of the lieutenant colo-
nels, majors, captains, and first lieutenants are of-
ficers of the Army, and have accepted these com-
missions,and the President has sent to the Senate
a number of appointments to fill their places,
which arc now before the Committee on Military
Affairs.
I hold that this amendment of the House of
Representatives effectually destroys the bill; and
if it is supported by the Senate, 1 think the whole
mattei should be at once abandoned by the Gov-
ernment as an unnecessary undertaking. As the
bill passed the Senate, it contained a provision
inserted on the motion of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. King,] modified by an amendment
made to it by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] declaring that this force was created to
meet present exigencies, and that at the end of
the war, or one year after peace was restored and
the authority of the Government every where rec-
ognized, Congress might reduce the. Army to
such limits as in their judgment they saw fit,
leaving the whole matter to be then settled by
Congress, expressing the will of the people. I
had no particular objection to that, although I
did not vote for it.
I hope, sir, that this amendment of the House
of Representatives will not bo sustained by the
Senate, and that the Senate will stand by the bill
as they originally passed it.
Mr. KING. The principal difference between
the amendment as it comes from the House of
Representatives and the bill as it was passed by
the Senate, is in the name by which these troops
arc called. In the House amendment they are
called volunteers; in the Senate bill they are called
regulars. The manner in which the troops are
to be officered is the same in both. In the House
bill their term of service expires by the act which
raises them, when these difficulties are over; by
the Senate bill the declaration is made that they
are for the present emergency, and that Congress
may, at the expiration of the period named in
the bill, reduce the Army to its previous standard.
In that respect, it will be perceived that the differ-
ence is, that in order to reduce the Army by the I
bill as it passed the Senate, the action of Congress
must take place; whereas by the bill as it now
comes from the House of Representatives, the
reduction will take place unless Congress shall
intervene, though of course Congress will then
have the power to continue what force they please.
I had this amendment referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs on Saturday, in the absence
of the chairman, and would have preferred that
it had been considered in the committee, that we
might there have talked over the subject, and have
learned, as we are able to do in the committee,
the opinions and the reasonings of the members
of the committee.
1 understand that the majority of the committee
prefer the bill as it passed the Senate, though a
minority do not. The chairman consulted with
me this morning about his motion to discharge
the committee, and although I preferred that the
bill should be considered in committee, I did not
resist that motion, because on these questions the
earliest action we can have is the best, so that it
can be had on a clear understanding of the prop-
osition.
The volunteers raised by the States are officered
according to the provisions made by the States,
the officers being generally chosen by the men.
This bill provides, both as passed by the Senate
and as amended by the House, that the appoint-
ments shall be made by the President, and hence
enables Army officers to go into them.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has this amendment,
which is a substitute for the bill, ever been read
in the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not
been read at length.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think we had better
have it read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and insert the following:
That there shall be added to the volunteerforccs, as now
authorized by law, lime legiments of inf'antty, one regi-
ment of cavahy, and one regiment of aitilleiy; each regi-
ment of nifantiy to consist ot not less than two or more
than three battalion^, as the exigencies of the public ser-
vice may, in the opinion oi (lie President of the United
States, demand; each battalion to consist of eight compa-
nies ; oaeh eompanj to eonsi-'t ot one captain, one first and
one second lieutenant, one first scigeant, four seigeants,
eight coipoials, two miiMCians, and as many piivates, not
exceeding eighth-two oi less than sixty-four, as the Presi-
dent of the United States may, accoi ding to the iequip-
ments of the miiitaiy service, direct. The regiment of
cavalry heieby authorized shall consist of not more than
three battalions, of not moie than two squadrons each;
and eaeli squadion shall consist of two companies, each
company to be composed oi one captain, one tirst and one
second lieutenant, one fust sageant. one qinirtci master
sergeant, lotn seigcants eight enipoial*, two musician^,
two iairieis, one saddler, one wagonei, and as many pii-
vates, not exceeding seventy-two oi less than sixty-lour,
ari tiie President of the United States may, according to
the icciuueini'iits of the military seivice, direct. Thetegi-
inentof artilleiy hereby authoi ized shall consist of notmoie
than twelve batteries; and each butteiy shall cousin of one
captain, one fiist and one second lieutenant, one first ser-
geant, one quancimaster seigcant, four sergeants, eight
coipoiah, two musicians, two aitificeis, one wagoner,and
as  many puvate-*, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-
two or less than one bundled, as the Present of the
United States may, aceoidmg to tiie icqmrem^nts of the
mihtatj seivice, direct. And there maybe added to the
afoie<aid battel y organization, at the discretion of the Pies-
idem,having duo icgatd to the public necessities and means,
one fust and one second lieutenant,two sergeants, and lour
COipOKils.
sec. %2. Jlnd be it J mtker enacted, That the field and staff
commissioned and non commissioned officers of the legi-
ments herenibeloie authorized shall bo as follows : To eacil
regiment of mfamn , one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
one regimental adjutant, one icgimental quaitermaster and
commi^ary, one dtum majoi,oi leadei of the band, and
two piineipal mu-icians, and to each battalion of infantry,
one major, one battalion adjutant, one battalion quarter-
master and commissary, one sergeant major, one quartei-
inaner seigeant. one connni.-san sergeant, and one hospital
stewaid; the icgimental and battalion adjutants and quar-
maners and eommissanes to bo taken from the lieutenants
of the icgiments and battalions respectively. To a regi-
ment of cavalry, one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, one
regimental adjutant, one legnnental quaitei master and com-
missary, and two chief buglers; and to each battalion of
cavalry, one majoi.one banal ion adjutant, one battalion
quaiterrnaster and eommi^saij, one sergeant niajoi, one
quartermaster sergeant, one commissary sergeant, one hos-
pital •stewaid, one saddiei seigeant. and one vetermaij ser-
geant ; the regimental a< jutam, aiul'the icgimei.tnl and bat-
talion quaiteimancrs and commissaries, to be taken fiom
' lhn lieutenant-- of the icgiment-i and battalions lespectiveiy.
To the legiment ot artillery, one colonel, one heutenaut
colonel, one major to eveiy four batteries, one adjutant, one
legimental quattermasterandcommissaiy, to be taken from
the lieutenants of the regiment, one sergeant major, one
