222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
A joint resolution (No. 5) to pay to the widow
of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount due
^ to him as a Senator at the time of his death.
The SPEAKER announced as the first business
in order the call of States for bills of which pre-
vious notice"had been given.
JUDGE DOUGLAS.
Mr. COX. I desire to call up the resolution of
the Senate to pay the representatives of Judge
Douglas the compensation due him as Senator.
No objection being made, the resolution was
taken up and read by its title, as follows:
A resolution (S. No. 5) to pay to the widow of
Stephen A. Douglas the amount due to him as
Senatorat the time of his death.
The resolution, which was read, directs the
proper officer to pay to the widow of the late Sen-
ator Stephen A. Douglas the amount of compen-
sation due to him at the time of his death, being
$750, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is an amendment in
order now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend by
adding "and mileage, being §1,084." I desire
to make a simple statement to the House in refer-
ence to this amendment. Mr. Douglas was in
the Senate during the called session, which, under
the law, I think entitles him to the mileage. The
pay proper for three months there is no question
about; and the question of mileage is the only
one to which I desire to call the attention of the
House. He having taken his seat after the 4th
' of March, which was during this session of Con-
gress, he was equitably entitled to his mileage;
and therefore I move the amendment.
Theamcndnjpnt was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
read a third time.
It was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the resolution Was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPKOl'RIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that House bill No.
2fi, making additional appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for (he year
ending June 30, 18fiS2, and appropriations for ar-
rearages for the year ending June 30, 1801, with
the Senate amendments (hereto, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that House bill No.
25, making additional appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, and
appropriations of arrearages for the year ending
June 30, 18G1, be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING DUTIES ON IMPORTED AKMP.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways arid Means, reported
back a bill to refund duties upon arms imported
by States.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
UNROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
authorize the employment of volimteeis to aid m
enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty; when the Speaker signed the same.
ORGANIZATION 01? MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table a biii (S. No. 3) for the better
organization of the military establishment, and
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ORGANIZATION 03? A HOME GUARD.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the organization of a
volunteer home guard to aid in enforcing the laws
and protecting public property, in the several
States where the same may be deemed necessary,
and for arming the same; which was rejid a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OHIO AND OTHER VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the Speak-
er's table House bill No. 57, with the Senate
amendments thereto, for the relief of the Ohio and
other volunteers.
No objection being made, the bill and amend-
ments were taken up for consideration.
The Senate amendments were read, as follows:
Line eight of the preamble, after the word " until,"
strike out " twelve days after their assembling at the place
of rendezvous in said State appointed by the general order
of said Department," and insert: "some days after their
organization and acceptance as companies by the Gov-
ernor of said State."
Line five, section one, strike out "assembling at the
place of rendezvous in," and insert: "organization and
acceptance ot companies by the Governor of."
The amendments of the Senate were severally
agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARSHALS OF DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
16, concerning the Attorney General and the at-
torneys and marshals of the several districts, for
the purpose of reference merely.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
MAINTENANCE OF THE UNION, ETC.
Mr. VANDEVER asked unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the maintenance of the Constitution, the
preservation <>t the Union, and tlx; cnfoi cement of the laws,
are saeied trusts winch must be executed ; that no disaster
shall discourage us fioni tin: most ample performance of
this high duty; and we pledge to the country and the world
the employment ol eveiy resource, national and individual,
tor tlx: suppression, overthrow, and punishment of rebels
in aim-*.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object. I do not be-
lieve that any resolution of this kind, from any
quarter, is calculated to do any good or to strength-
en our hands.
INCREASE Otf TIIE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. McCLERNAND, With the permission of
the House, 1 wish to propound a question to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I wish to know the position of the question pend-
ing between the two Houses in relation to the
mcreasc of the regular Army. Will the chairman
inform me ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman from Illinois, that the House passed a
bill for raising cloven regiments of volunteers, of
twenty-two hundred men each, upon the plan j>ro-
posed, making them volunteers instead of regu-
lars. The Senate passed a bill making it eleven
regiments regular troops. The House amended
the Senate bill by substituting its own. As so
amended it has been sent back to the Senate.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call
of Stutgs for bills and joint resolutions, of which
previous notice had been given.
Air. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution extending the benefit of the
act of Congress entitled " An act m addition to
certain acts granting bounty lands to certain offi-
cers and soldieis who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," approved
March 3,1835, to the officers and soldiers engaged
m quelling the present rebellion, and to their wid-
ows and minor children, and moved that it be
lefei red to a select committee of five.
The motion to refer to a select committee was
not agreed to.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. ASHLEY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution pro-
viding for the transfer of that portion of the Dis-
trict of Columbia formerly belonging to the United
States.
Mr. COX. I object to that, until we have set-
tled some other things.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to suspend the rales.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
during this call of States for bills.
ARMS OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HOLM AN introduced a joint resolution
in relation to the arms of volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. PORTER -introduced a bill to amend the
act entitled " An act to establish the judicial courts
of the United States," approved September §4,
1789, and touching certain official bonds; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
. The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for resolutions: ..
NATIONAL DIFFICULTIES.
Mr. NOBLE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the contest now existing between the
Government of the United States and the disloyal organ-
izations now existing in certain States which are now
waging an unjustifiable wai upon the constitutional author-
ity of the Government, should be treated and regarded by
all loyal citizens not asasectiona! war, nor an anti-slaverv
war, nor a war of conquest or'subjugation, but simply as "a
war for the maintenance of the Government, the suppres-
sion of rebellion, and the preservation of all the rights of
all the States lull and undiminished as they wure purchased
liy the blood of the Revolution of 1776, and seemed by all
the provisions and compromises of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and for no other purpose whatever.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over under the rule.
PRESENT CONDITION OE1 THE COUNTRY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I had the
honor, on a late day, of ottering a resolution on
which I desire a vote of the House, but which
was not then receivable under the rules. I now
offer that resolution, and move the previous ques-
tion upon it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the dtsunionists of the
southern States, now m arms against the constitutional
Government, and in arms around the capital; that m this
national omeigency, Congre>s, banishing all feelings of mere
pa^ion 01 resentment, wiil recollect only its duty to the
whole country; that fins war is not waged on their part
in anv spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, or puipot-o of ovoithrowmg or interfering
with the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
te, and to ptescrve the Union with alt the dignity, equality,
and lights of the several States unimpaired; and that as
soon as these objects are accomplished the war ought to
cea*-e.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have
asked the previous question upon the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that no debate is in
order on the resolution. If debate arises, it must
go over.
Mr. H0LMAN. By unanimous consent, I
hope the gentleman from Kentucky will be heard.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise for the purpose
of asking of the House the great favor of their
unanimous consent to allow me to make an ex-
planation of that resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make one remark
personal to myself.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I will be compelled,
if the gentleman will not permit me to do that, to
object to my colleague speaking.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman must
take his own course.
Mr. LO VEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
