m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22.
ory and military depot at Ehnira, in the State of New
York, and to report thereon to the House.
NEXT MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FENTGN offered the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when Congress
adjourns, at the close of this session, it adjourn to meet on
the first Monday in November next. '
Mr. STRATTON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Tjie motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the table.
PROSECUTION 01* THE WAR.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and demand the previous question on it?
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the reverses of the Army of the
united States yesterday, the 21st instant, at Bull's Run,
caused by the rebel army, have in no manner impaired the
ultimate success of our arms, but that the cause of human
liberty, the preservation of the Union, and the maintenance
of the laws pervading the hearts and affections of more
than twenty million people, are a sure and certain guaran-
tee that the flag of our country shall he upheld, and the
Union preserved to the people; that we call on all the lo\al
people of the Union to respond manfully to the demand of
the Government in furnishing men and money, and to stand
together in its support with their lives and fortunes.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the table.
THANKS TO PENNSYLVANIA SOLDIERS.
Mr. CAMPBELL offered the following resolu-
tion; and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the thanks of the House are due and are
hereby tendered to the live hundred and thirty soldieis from
Pennsylvania who passed through the mob of Baltimore
and reached Washington on the 18th day of April last, lor
the defence of the national capital.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT TO LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. HALE having been out of the House when
his State was called for the introduction of bills,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for making compensation for property
taken for war purposes belonging to loyal citizens;
which was read a first and second ume, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NATIONAL ARMORY AT EASTON,
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on national found-
eiles be instructed to inqune into tin: expedient.;} of estab-
lishing a national 1'oundeiy and aunoiy at Kaston, Pennsyl-
vania.
ELECTION OK MEMBERS OK CONGRESS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, and, by
unanimous consent, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judieiaiy be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of pioviding by law
of the United the tunc*, places, <iml maimet of
holding Hrctionx for member of tlx- House ot Rcpiesent-
atives in ait the States, in puisuanceot the authority given
to Congress by the jouith section of the first article of the
Constitution.
EXPENDITURES IN THE REBEL STATES.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
conscnt, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the riccrctaiy of the Trca^uiy be requested
to 'nave prcpaicd and to communicate to tins House, a
tabulai statement showing the amount of money paid to
France lor the purchase ot Louisiana; the amount paid to
Spain for the purchase of Florida ; the amount, so (ar as it
can be readily a-eeitained, expended in the late wai with
Mexico ; the amount expended m the wars with the Indians
in Floiida; the amount expended m removing the Indians
from then homes m the ^eveial States in which fheie is
now tebellion against tlte Government to a temtoiy we-t of
the Mississippi; the amount expended In suiveying the pub-
lic land.''situated m the same Slates, in deepening haibor^,
removing ob-ti actions in uveis and other water eout-.es, in
building toititications, light-houses, buoys, be,icons, (loek-
yaids.coui t-hou^cs, custom-houses, and post-offices, in the
same States; tne amount expended theiein for the estab
lishmcnt of mints, navy-jard^ aiseuais, and annoncs;
the number of acres ot land stit! held by the United States
withm the boundaries of the -aine States, and (h^ number
of acres ot land horetofoic gianted by the United States to
any one of those States, or to any eoipoiation theiein. for
education, public improvements, oi foi otixirptnpo-e.-; and
tho amount of money expended ny the United States in ex-
tinguishing Indian titles to lauds situated in said State*;
and the number of acres of such lands to which the State
of Georgia became entitled under the contract between that
State and the United States.
MARITIME RIGHTS.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution;
which was read, and, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if compatible with the public interest, to commu-
nicate to this House, or Such parts thereof as he may deem
advisable, the correspondence on file in the Department of
State between this Government and foreign Powers, from
1853 to the present time, in reference to maritime rights.
PRESERVATION 0E THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr.VANDEVER submitted the folio wing res-
olution; which was, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
ResoUed, That the maintenance of the Constitution, the
preservation of the Union, and the enforcement of the laws,
are sacred trusts which must be executed; that no disaster
shall discourage us from the most ample performance of
this high duty; and that we pledge to the country and the
world the employment of every resource, national and in-
dividual, foi the suppression, overthrow, and punishment
of rebels in arms.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting public lands and a loan
of the crQdit of the Government to the Peoples'
Pacific Railroad Company to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific coast; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
QUINCY NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. RICHARDSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, and, by unanimous
consent, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved) That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to mquiie into the propriety and expediency
of establishing a national aimory and arsenal at (iumey,
Illinois.
ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee of this House on the
subject of a geneial and umfoun system of bankiuptcy be
increased to seven.
Mr. ALDRICH called for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
NATIONAL ARMORY AND FOUNDER*.
Mr. DELANO submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and, by unanimous consent,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all resolutions heretofore referred to the
Committee on Military Allan* respecting the capacity of
the national anuoiy for the manufacture of arms, the ex-
penditure neeessaiy lor the largest increase of said national
inauufactum, and all other papers lelened to said committee
relating to the establishment of a new aunoiy, be with-
drawn I lom said committee, and icterred to the special com-
mittee on the subject ot a new national armory and foundeiy.
INDIAN REBEL FORCES.
Mr. WlCKLIFFEsubmitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Seeietary of War be requested to in-
foini thi-s House whethei the southern eonfedeiacy, or any
State thereof, has within its miiitaiy service any Indians;
and, it so, what numbers and what tribes.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to that. We have not
acknowledged any southern confederacy.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. i hope gentlemen, then,
will take the resolution, and'amend the phrase-
ology to suit themselves.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will not object, if the gen-
tleman will put in " rebels."
Mr. WICKLlFFIj^. I will modify the resolu-
tion, by inserting the words " so called" after the
word " confederacy," if that will suit the views
of gentlemen.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman will also
so amend the resolution as to insert the words
" and negroes" after the word " Indians."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ha\e not been informed 1
that they have so employed negioes. I
Mr. DUNN. I have; and that they were firing !
upon our troops yesterday. I move so to amend :
the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to. !
The resulution as amended was then adopted. |
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA COUNTY. |
Mr. ASIILEY asked the consent of the House I
to introduce a joint resolution requesting the Le-
gislature of Virginia to cede to the United States
certain territory therein named.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. I trust
that in this time of great public disaster this House
will exhibit a dignity and solemnity befitting the
Representatives of the people of theUnited States.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, (two thirds not voting therefor.)
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act to provide for the temporary increase
of the Navy; and
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and seamen and marines of the
United States sloop-of-war Levant, and for other
purposes.
AUXILIARY GUARD.
On motion of Mr. ROSCOE CONKLI-NG,
Senate bill No. 37, regulating the police force
of the city of Washington, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OE COMMITTEE.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House this morning adopted, on motion
of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldrich ,]
a resolution increasing the membership of the
select committee on the subject of a general bank-
rupt law from five to seven; and on that motion
I desire to say a word.
The gentleman from Minnesota who offered that
resolution did it without consultation with me as
the chairman of thatcommittec—of which I do not
complain—and without conference, so far as I
know, with the committee. The number was
fixed originally at five, that being deemed a con-
venient and efficient number to compose a com-
mittee whose business it is to look into a dry, pre-
cise matter of law—a subject of some labor—and
to report information to' the House. 1 do not
know the reason or consideration why the com-
mittee should be increased, or why it should be
increased on motion of the gentleman from Min-
nesota—a gentleman not a member of the com-
mittee—without any reason being assigned for the
proceeding. I hope the resolution will be recon-
sidered, and that the number will be permitted to
remain as originally fixed qj five, which I think
is the proper number.
Mr. ALDRICH. I have to offer a remark or
two, in reply to the gentleman from New York.
It is true, f did not confer with him or with any
other member of the committee on the subject of
increasing that committee. It is also true that
1 did confer with members of the House upon
that subject.
Mr. Speaker, there are interests in the extreme
Northwest which ought to be represented upon
thatcommittec. There areas many people there
who are interested in the passage, by this Con-
gress, of a general bankrupt law, as in any other
portion of the country. The question has been
asked me several times whether a majority of
that committee, as at presentconstituted, were in
favor of a general bankrupt law.
A Member. Are you?
Mr. ALDRICH. I am in favor of a general
bankrupt law. There is no reason, so far as I
know—and I presume the gentleman from New
York can give none—why every portion of the
country should not be represented upon such a
committee.
It is true that a committee of five is a little more
convenient number, because it is easier to get
them together; but upon a matter of so much im-
portance to the whole country, I trust no man
will be appointfd on the committee who will not
be willing to attend faithfully to its duties. And,
si>, I presume that a member from the extreme
North west, however humble he may be, if ap-
pointed, will still add something to the intelligence
of the committee the House mayorganize. I do
not know who will be appointed by the Speaker
to make the number of members of the commit-
