THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, Isr Session*.
THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1861.
New S&ries No. 15.
toe seven instead of five, as it is now. It matters
not to me who they are, so long as every por-
tion of this Union is represented upon it. That
is all I ask of the House. Therefore 1 trust that
the House will not reconsider its action of this
morning.
Mr. llOSCOE CONKLING. If I supposed,
Mr. Speaker, that allowing the vote to remain
would add my friend from Minnesota to the com-
mittee, it would be painful to me to move to re-
consider that vote. 1 would be glad to have him,
or any other gentleman he may desire to have
upon it, to represent any portion of the country.
But the time to have made that suggestion was
when this committee was raised. As a general
rule, applicable not only to this committee, but to
all committees, I think it a bad precedent for this
House to establish, without any consultation what-
ever with the committee which had been raised,
that any member, upon his own motion, and upon
the idea of geographical representation, may move
to add, and succeed in adding indefinitely to that
committee. What is everybody's business is no-
body's business;and as my friend has well said,
a committee of five—both because they will meet,
and because the responsibility will be sufficiently
centralized to be sure they will do something when
tlicy do meet—is vastly preferable to a commit-
tee of seven. For that practical reason, as well
as for the general reason I have stated, I move to
reconsider the vote increasing the committee to
seven; and on that motion 1 demand the previous
question.
Mr. ALDRICEE. I move that the motion to
reconsidci* be laid upon the fable.
The motion was rejected.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the opeiation
thereof, the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution increasing the special committee on a
bankrupt law from five to seven, was rejected.
MICHIGAN CITY IIARBOR.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of i ridi-
ana, instructing her Senators and requesting her
Representatives to endeavor to procure on appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor at
Michigan City; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committceof Ways
and Means, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 25, making additional
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the.
Government for the year ending June 30, 1S(>1,
with the recommendation that they be concuried
in.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
LEGISLATIVE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee, also
reported back the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 25, making additional applana-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the yeat ending
June 30, 1862, and appropriations of arrearages
for the year ending June 30,1861, with the recom-
mendation that they be disagreed to, and that the
House ask for a committee of conference.
The amendments were severally disagieed to.
The motion for a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
was agreed to; and Messrs. iVJorrill, McPiier-
&ojr, and Corning, were appointed manageis of
said conference on the part of the House.
WAR EXPENSES INCURRED BY THE STATES.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimousconsent
of the liouse for leave to introduce a bill to in-
demnify the States for expenses incurred by them
in defense of the United States.
1'here was no objection; and the bill was intro-
duced, and read a fust and second time by its title.
Mr. HORTON. As the bill makes an appro-
priation of money from the Treasury, I move
-15
that the rules be suspended in order that it may*
have its first consideration in the House, and not
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The hill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the Governor of any
State, or to his duly authorized agent, the costs,
charges, and expenses, properly incurred by such
State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, support-
ing, arming, equipping, paying, and transporting
its troops, to aid in suppressing the present insur-
rection against the United States.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the mover of the bill. Even if it be right,
it ought to have, all the usual and necessary
guards. It is now a mere direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, without regard to vouchers,
to pay to each Governor the sumhe alleges to be
due to his State. I appeal to the gentleman and
the House whether it would not be advisable to
add a proviso requiring that the accounts shall
first be settled and adjusted by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Tieasury.
Mr. ilORTON. The gentleman's objection
is answered by the phraseology of the bill. The
Committee of Ways and Means have examined
if, and have unanimously approved it.
Mr. BURNETT. With all due deference to
the gentleman, I think if lie Will examine the bill
he will find that it does not answer my objection.
I am opposed to the blil; hut if it is to pass, I
want it properly guarded. If the gentleman will
look again at his bill he will, 1 think, find that it
is obscutc.* If the proviso be added that the ac-
counts shall be adjusted by the proper accounting
officers at the Tieasury Department, nohodycan
be injured by it. Cei t.unly, the language ought
to be clear; and no at count ought to be paid
except upon proper voucheis.
Mr. HORTON. I leeognize the correctness
of the gentleman's object; and 1 aver, after exam-
ining the bill, that its phraseology covers that
object fully.
The bill was again read.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding that the. accounts shall be settled by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, upon
\oucheis furnished by the State authorities.
Mr. MeCL&RNAND. The law requnes that
all claims pr< sen ted at the Tieasui y for payment
shall undo go sctuuny and examination, and the
bill provides that noelaim shall be allowed unless
it has been propeily inquhed into. If impioper
claims aie pie^ented, of course they will not be
allowed by the accounting oificers at the Treas-
ui y Department.
Mr. VALLANDEGTIAM. I do not rise to
oppose tins Inil; but I beg leave to ask whether
tiieie is any economy in collecting from the States
the money with winch these expenses are to be
paid, thus making a double set of collectors and
double salaries; lor e\eiy man knows thatwheie
money is to pass i hi ou^is the hands of public offi-
ceis, sonic will icmain behind? is not one set of
collectors enough ? if the Federal Government,
undertakes to do this duly, it will, of cour.se, be
requiied to levy a ?'iN: upon the people of the
States, it seems to mo that we ate  oing in a
roundabout way to accomplish that whi'-h, with
much more facility and economy, could be exe-
cuted by leaving it to the Slates, for the present,
at least. I think it would be better to wait at
least until the suspension of hostilities.
Mr. BURNETT. I ha^c leUueed my amend-
ment to writing, m the following words:
T« Iii* >( tiled iipi-.i j
upon by tic pioper <tc
Mr. HORTON. 1 accept the amendment, and
call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
reports the inil as a report from a committee, he
cannot accept the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. I would inquire
whether, under the titles, the bill must not to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union? 1 do not wish to oppose the bill, hut I
vuuciicis to be filed and parsed
n:r of the Treasury.
think further time should be allowed for reflec*
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, in-
asmuch as the bill was received by unanimous
consent, it need not go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the amendment wasagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HORTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee upon the subject of
a national loundeiy andaimory be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing such foundeiy and armoiy
at Indianapolis, Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. I am satisfied that the proper
place for such a foundery and armory has not been
indicated; and I therefore offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the select committee on n national
fotuuieiv and stimoij be insti acted to mqune into the expe-
diency of establishing a toundory and aimory at Madison,
Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out44 Madison," and inserting "Aurora/' Indi-
ana.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "Aurora/' and inserting
"Michigan City."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "Aurora," and inserting
" Louisville, Kentucky."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX moved the previous question on the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
CODE OF MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. ELTOT, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back, with
amendments, a bill (H. R. No. 9) to provide for
the introduction of a code of marine signals
adapted to secret service, and for the use ol dis-
patch vessels, transports, military stations, and
vessels sailing under convov.
By unanimous consent, {lie bill was taken up
for consideration.
First amendment reported by the committee:
Lino fi^ht, '•ociion one, out uTreasury," and in-
seif '• Navy >o fhat it fhalt iced *
Piovided that no ehanno be made in paid code without
tlie aj/pioval of tSi<' t3< c>< taiy ot the Nd\y.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Line ten, s'etion two, strike out a Treasury,'* and in-
sert " Nav) 15
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Stnke out soctionsllnec, four, and five, as follows:
'•Hie, o. Jlnd be it Jurlhcr enuctcd, That each military
s-tation, ti anvpoi t. and dispatch ve.-s.el employed on the sea-
boa id of the United .States, shall be furnished, by the pioper
Depaitmeui of the Government, with a copy of the Auici-
ic.tn edition of the Commercial Code of Stsrnais, and also
with a M*t of said signal flags, for the puipo^e or making
teleijiaplne communication"when neces^aiy : Ptovvled,
Iw c-et. The eo-.t oftaid code, and the right of using paid
signals, shail not exceed that which is cliaigcd by the in-
ventor to ownei- ot merchant ves>eK
11 i?nc . 4. -lad he \L further cuattcd, That it shall be the
dut) ot the owner oi mvnei < ot such vessels as may be now
oi beieaitei ch.utered by the United States Government to
Mippiythc same with a copy of the Uomuicicial Code of
Sigiuik. Amencaa edition, and alf>o with a set of figiiat
