1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
nuthoiizcd to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, lor the command of the volunteer forces, such
number of major geneiais and of brigadier generals as may
in Uis judgment be required for their oiganization.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
DUTIES ON STATE ARMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was inferred the bill
(H.R. No. 64) to refund duties on arms imported
by States, to report it back without amendment,
and to ask for its present consideration.
There beingno objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refond the duties paid on arms imported
by States, under the conditions and subject to
the limitations of the act approved the 10th day of
July, 1861, entitled " An act to refund and remit
the duties on arms imported by States."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IMPRISONMENT OF'LIEUTENANT WORDEST.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I take occasion to present
a resolution, of which I ask the present consider-
ation:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate under what circumstances Lieutenant
John i. Wordcn, of the United States Navy, has been im-
pu<oned ;it Montgomery, Ahibunm; whether Ik' still m
jni-on; and whether any, and il am , what meaMiie-, have
been taken by the Government ot the United States for hi 
release.
This resolution is not intended to imply the
slightest censure upon the Administration in any
respect, but is simply for the purpose of inquiry;
and I beg leave to state the reasons very briefly.
The stoi y, as it has been told to me, is this: Lieu-
tenant Wordcn having returned last spring from
the Gulf and a long stay at Vera Cruz with im-
paired health, upon the breaking out of our trou-
bles tendered his services to the Government, and
wa« sent on a secret mission as the agent of the
Government to the commandei of our fleet, Com-
modore Adams, at Pensacola. He went to Pen-
sacola, saw General Bragg, the commander of the
confederate forces, obtained his permission to visit
the fleet, and also secured a pledge from him be-
fore leaving, that he should be permitted to return
by land, after visiting the fleet, the same way in
which he went. Acting upon that pledge, he
landed at Ponsacola after his visit to the licet; but
instead of being sufTeied to return to his home,
he was sent as a pnsoner to Montgomeiy, where
he has remained ever since, with funds exhausted,
in a state of feeble health, depending upon the
kind charities of those who ate there for subsist-
ence to keep him from starvation. This man is
a gallant oiHcer. Half an hour before he left, he
wrote to a very near and dear friend, " be of good
cheer, my wife; I am intrusted with secret dis-
patches from the Government, which duty I shall
pursue untiringly until its completion." In the
language of that wife, I would ask this Govern-
ment " if they will leave him there to die r"
Mr. BINGHAM. I would respectfully sug-
gest to the Senator whether thi? inquiry ought not
to be addressed to the President, instead of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I think not.
Mr. BINGHAM. It seems that it was an
officer of the Navy who was sent.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I made a mistake. The
inquiry should be addressed lo the Secretary of
the Navy. I will modify the resolution so as to
say Secretary of the Navy," instead of 44 Sec-
retary of War."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The word
" directed," instead of '< requested," is the ordi-
nary expression of resolutions addressed to the
heads of Departments, a request being addressed
only to the head of the Government.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is suggested to me that
T had better ha\e the request sent to the Presi-
dent. I am not familiar with the ordci of proceed-
ing in such cases. It matters not to me to whom
it goes. I wish to call the attention of the Gov-
ernment most respectfully to the facts. If it is
sent to the President, he can send it to either De-
partment he chooses, I shall therefore ask fur-
ther to modify it, so as to direct the inquiry to
the President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can so modify his resolution; and it is now in the
form of a request to the President of the United
States to communicate the information called for.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate under what citeunHtances
Lieutenant John I. Woiden, of the United States Navy,
has been unpusoned at Montgomciy, Alabama; whether
ho is stti! in prison ; and whether aov, and if any, what
meacuies have been taken by the Government of the Uni-
ted States for bis lelease.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind the Senate that there is now no busi-
ness on the table of a legislative character for its
action.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 23, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, R.ov. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy, and for other purposes;
An act (No. 25) to confiscate property used for
insunectionary purposes;
An act (No. 36) to provide for the construction
of one or more armored ships and floating bat-
teries, and for other purposes; and
An'act (No. 43) supplemental to an act entitled
"An acfto authorize a national loan, and for other
purposes."
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the joint resolution
of the Senate (No. 5) to pay to the widow of the
late Stephen A. Douglas the amount due to him
as Senator at the time of his death.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a joint lesolution of the House (No.
1) authorizing the appointment of examiners to
examine the steam floating battery at Hoboken,
New Jersey.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy in answer to a resolution of
the House of July 16, 1861, calling for inform-
ation relative to the destruction of property and
vessels at the Norfolk navy-yard; which was laid
on the tabic, and ordered to be punted.
NEGROES IN SERVICE OF TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BURNETT. In view of the fact that
the resolution olFeicd yesterday by my colleague
who sits behind me was not broad enough, I
desire to offer a resolution, and ask unanimous
consent that it may be considered.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War infonn thi* House
! whether theie are anv negroe* in liie Arm> ot the United
States w Inch have been aimed ; whethei then- an; ucjrioes
the propoitj ol euiz^inof any of the levojted States, which
have been u-ed by the Atmy in any diameter of nuhfaty
duty, thiuwme up of bteastwotk-*. making mtrenehments,
fee ; it *-(>, at what places, and the number of slaves. thu->
cnipioj ed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
allow it to pass, inasmuch as an inquiry in regtud
to the matter was inaugurated yesterday.
Mr. BINGI-IAM. I object.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION—OHIO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Hou^e to correct a statement which
fell from my colleague from the Columbus dis-
trict [Mr. Cox] the other day, which I did not
hear at the time, reflecting upon the constituency
that I in part represent.
No objection was made.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I read the following from
the Globe of Saturday:
"Mr. Morrili*, of Vermont. I will accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman fYom Minnesota with great pleasure;
 nd t will also, at the suggestion ot the gentleman who sits
behind me, for the benefit of my friend from Ohio, add that
all the butter and cheese be purchased in the Western Re-
seive. [Laughter.]
"Mr. Cox. I oppose that, unless they furnish some
soldiers for the war first."
Mr. Speaker, here is a plain intimation that the
people of the Western Reserve have not furnished
any soldiers as yet for this war. I do not know
upon what motives that statement was made. I
simply wish to correct it, and show the gentle-
man from the Columbus district that he has been
laboring under a mistake.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman might
have done me the justice which one of his other
colleagues displayed, to ask me whether that was
my language, before calling the attention of the •
House to it. I made no such statement. It was
a misapprehension on the part of the reporter. I
will repeat what I said, ana it was said playfully.
A motion was made by some gentleman to aad
cheese and butter to the rations of the Army. The
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moved
that the butter and cheese be purchased in the
Western Reserve. I then remarked, playfully,
that if cheese contributed to fighting, the Western
Reserve might have furnished more soldiers; that
was my remark, and the facts will bear out that
remark. * • „
Mr. l-IUTCHINS. I wish to state the facts.
We of the Western Reserve do not claim any
greater amount-of patriotism than has been ex-
hibited in othei portions of the State. We do
claim, however, an equal amount. The county
of Ashtabula has furnished three companies, in-
cluding an artillery company from Geneva. This
artillery company took part in the brilliant march
which resulted in the surprise and rout of the
,rebels at Phihppa; and it was a member of that
artillery company who fired the first gun in thaten-
gagoment. Trumbull county has furnished three
companies; Mahoning county two companies;
Geauga county one company; Lake county three
companies; Cuyahoga county five or six com-
panies, and alao Burnett's regiment of artillery,
in which was the Geneva company; and the dis-
trict represented by my colleague [Mr. Blake]
has furnished eighteen companies, now in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, tin; people of the Western Reserve
have contributed, m men and money, their full
quota, and they have offered other companies that
have not been accepted. The little town in which
1 reside, and which contains a population of only
about twenty-five hundred people, contributed
$92,000 as a donation to equip the soldiers and
support the families of volunteers. The town of
Youngstown, in Mahoning county, contributed
about the same amount. I do not mention these
things by way of boasting, but only to show that
the lemarks of my colleague did gross injustice—
no doubt unintentional—to the people I in part
represent.
Air. COX. Mr. Speaker, I have already dis-
avowed that remark, and the gentlemen should
not persist in attributing it to me after my state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
proceed by unanimous consent. There is no ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. COX. I piesume the House will grant
me leave.
The SPEAKER. Is tliere any objection to
the gentleman proceeding?
No objection was made.
Mr. COX. I do not desire to trouble the House
about this trifling matter; but after my statement
that no such remark fell from me, and after I told
him the remark I really made, the gentleman
should not have pursued the matter. I suppose
he did it for the purpose of showing the patriot-
ism of his part of the State, j do not depreciate
it. My remark was made in a playful w^y. It
was, " that if cheese contributed to lighting, there
ought to be more soldiers from the Reserve." It
wasa jocular remaik. But I know this for a fact,
that it was the common talk in Ohio that the Re-
serve did comc up rather slothfully. The Sen-
