228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
ator from Ohio representing that part of the State
wrote a letter, which was published, complaining
of their tardiness and urging them to come up. It
was long after the rest of the State had responded,
that the Reserve answered the call. These men
from the Reserve, who are partly responsible for
this war, and who are as much country-killers and
parricides as the men South—these men, to whom
belongs the responsibility of fighting this war as
muck "as to any one, were slow in coming up to
the work,compared to therestof the State ofOhio.
I can show that by statistics and returns, if neces-
sary. I do not choose to go into the matter heie.
If the gentleman had spoken to me, I would have
corrected my statement if it was wrongfully re-
ported. I told one of my colleagues yesterday,
that I would seek an early opportunity to correct
it; but the gentleman insists on attributing to me
an incorrectstatement, for the sole purpose of dis-
playing this very curious'sort of slow patriotism
which the whole State of Ohio knows has been
demonstrated upon the Reserve.
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to say a few words in
reply to my colleague.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. RIDDLE. A few words only.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
Mr. COX. I shall claim the right to respond.
I shall object otherwise.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope my colleague will
be allowed to reply to the aspersions cast on the
people of the. Western Reserve.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 object to the whole thing.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio cannot proceed.
VOTE ltliCOKDTJD.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was not in my
seat yesterday, and I desire to have my vote re-
corded in favor of the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. CiurTEXDEM.]
1 ask permission of the House to record my vote
now.
There being no objection, Mr. Kku.ogg re 
corded his vote in the affirmative.
ENROLLED HILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly cnrollrd lulls of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act making additional appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for t ho
year ending 30th June, 18(5:2, and appropriations
of arrearages for the year ending ,'Wll) .Time, 1K(J1;
An act for the relief of certain musicians and
'soldiers stationed at Kort Sumter, in South Caro-
lina;
An net authorizing tlie Secretary of the Tieas-
ury to remit fines and penalties lncuirud in cer-
tain cases;
An nctin relation to forwarding soldiers'letters;
and
An act for the relief of the Ohio and other vol-
unteers.
tCIIK PERMANENT MUTAItY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoun. I ask the nnuni-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 2, to increase the
permanent military establishment of the United
Stairs. The House amended the bill, and theSen-
ute have disagreed to tiieamoiidmentof the House.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The ditfe ronce be-
tween the Senate and the House consists in the
simple fact tluit the Senate have passed a hill to
increase the regular Army by the addition of
eleven new regiments; the House have so amended
the bill us to convert these eleven regiments into
volunteers; and the Senate have disagreed to that
amendment. { now move that the House insist
on its amendment, and ask a committee of con-
ference. That is probably the shortest mode in
which the mutter can he disposed of.
Th<- question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Th^ SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Blair of Missouri, Olin, and Mallory, as such
committee of confcrcnce.
COMPENSATION OF SENATOJt DOUGLAS,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask consent of the
House to take up joint resolution (S. No. 5) to
pay the widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas
the amount due to him as Senator at the time of
his death.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken up.
Mr. RICHARDSON. X move, for the purpose
of getting the joint resolution before a committee
of conference, that the House insist on its amend-
ment, and ask for a conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Richardson, Morrill of Maine, and Lehman,
as such committee of conference.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the more efficient organ-
ization of the courts of the United States in the
district of Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. PORTER. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage.
1 lie bill was read.
The question being on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill,
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to present a few
remarks in reference to this bid. So far as the
first section of the bill is concerned, which abol-
ishes a district court in the State of Missouri, I
have nothing to say in regard to it, for I know
nothing about it. Three years ago I was under
the impression that the business of the Federal
court m Kentucky required the division of the
State into two judicial districts; but, on further
examination and investigation of this subject, I
am satisfied that such division is not required, as
the judicial business of the State can be attended
to by one judge. It is done by one judge now,
and his whole time is not occupied in his duty,
nor anything like it.
I do not understand why this measure should be
forced on the consideration of the House in times
like these, when we are resorting to every means
within our reach to raise money for the purpose
of meeting the expenditures of the Government.
Why should we now create new offices for which
there is no sort of necessity? I say her(^, that the
records of the district court of Kentucky, held by
the judge who is now presiding over it, show con-
clusively that there is no need of two judicial dis-
tricts in that State. This bill is meiely for the
creation of new offices—a judge, marshal, clerk,
&.C.; and I here miter my solemn protest against
it. i will not vote for such a hill. I am opposed
to it. I desired to say this much in order that my
position in voting against it may be understood
by the people of Kentucky.
IVI r. HL A! II, of Missouri. I desire to offer the
following amendment to the bill, which I think
will ubv lute the pi tnctpal objection which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky makes to it:
At (lie end 01 the bill iti-eif as follows :
I'dmt mi mttfli of the :\('t entitled "• An net to divide the
Stale of into two judicial di-ti tcis," approved
Mai ell 3, 1 SAT, iw establishes a com ttoi the easfei n distnct
oi ,Miw>uti, ,md est a till-h< ,-,.s<ud ou->toi n du-tnet, bo, «\nd
the s-.tnn; is hen hy, repealed.
Sic. LI. *ind in• it J-,n 1,'icr exacted. That tho seventh
section of said act he, and the Mituu is heieby, lepe.iled ; and
that the oflice of da uu-t judge lor said ostein <h-;tr.(:f of
Mi-^omi is hoiehy ahoinhed.
Hii;2. ,'h>d ho it fitjtfwr enacted. That all (hat pan of
the f-Stato of Missouri which hy -aid not now composes tho
eastern di<met of Mreturn shall he, and is hereby, attached
to the western district of MUsouti, ami made pail thereof;
and that the jurisdiction of the di-Uiiet com t for the present
western di^tnet of MiS'-oun shall extend to every pari ot
the State ol Missouri, and that the judiro thejeof shall hold
terms of said court m rim city of St. Ijohi> on the thud
Mondays of rehiu.uy, May, and November, of each ycai ;
and shall exercise all the poweo* nnd duties which bv caul
act were anthoruod to lie heretofore exercised by the dis-
trict eouits for the extern and western di:-ti ict.sof Mist-oun.
Sr-'c. i'i. JInd he it fujl/icr cncclcd. That the -ahov <" f the
jwVye of the we^tein'distiiet of Missouu shall heieafiei be
^.'3.DUO per annum.
The adoption of that amendment will, I think,
divest the bill of one of the objections alleged
against the bill, for the cxpenses'added on to the
State of Kentucky are saved from the State of
Missouii.
Mr. BURNETT. I made no remark or objec-
tion in regaicl to Missouri, for I know notlimg
about it; that is a matter for the Representatives
from Missouii. My objection was to the estab-
lishment of two disti icts m the State of Kentucky,
for which there is, in my opinion, no necessity.
Mr. PORTER. For several sessions past, a
great pari of the Kentucky delegation have urged
the passage of a bill of this kind—to divide Ken-
tuckyinto twojudicialdistricts. They have stated
that on account of the length of the State, the
convenience of suitors required it. But the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] says that
the business of'that court is not sufficiently large
to justify the creation of this second judicial dis-
trict. It is true that there are not so many cases
on the docket of the district court of Kentucky
now, as there are on the dockets of some, single
district courts. But the reason of that is, as the
committee were informed by gentlemen of distin-
guished character from Kentucky, that the in-
efficiency of the judge is such as to prevent the
institution of suits in the couvtwhich would other-
wise be commenced there.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to make one
remark at this point.
Mr. PORTER. Icannotyieldatpresent. Gen-
tlemen of distinguished character have stated to
the committee, that if a second judicial district
were creatcd, it would have more business than
the present district court has had during the in-
cumbency of the present judge. It is for the rea-
son that the legal business of the State of Ken-
tucky would be sufficient for two district courts,
that the Committee on the J udiciary have reported
this bill.
Mr, MALLOK.Y. I desire to say a word in
reply to my colleague, [Mr.Burnett.] I differ
with him as to the propriety of the passage of this
bill: and I will take the liberty of stating to my
colleague, that one reason for my differing with
him has been furnished by himself and others,
who about three years since strenuously con-
tended for the division of Kentucky into two judi-
cial districts. I remember distinctly, that at the
last session of Congress my colleague and myself
cooperated in getting a bill through this House,
increasing the number of terms of the Federal
court, on account of the increased business in
different parts of the State, and the consequent dif-
ficulty of transacting business. I suppose that the
gentleman thought then, as I did, that the busi-
ness of the Federal court in Kentucky was increas-
ing, and that in the course of time there would be
a necessity, if the necessity did not then exist, for
two judicial districts in that State. I do not know
what has occurred since then to induce my fi iend
and colleague to change his opinion. lie says it
has been an examination of the docket; but I ap-
prehend that he made that examination thoroughly
before he contended for the establishment of two
judicial districts a year ago. Besides, an act has
been recently passed by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, suspending the action of our State courts.
That act, as my colleague knows, has thrown into
the. Federal court of Kentucky a large amount
of business—an amount of business which never
before found its way into the court. I believe that
tiiat adds to the necessity which existed before,
of dividing the Slate into two judicial districts. I
shall therefore vote for the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. May I be permitted to say,
that I do not know who are the distinguished gen-
tlemen and men of high character who stated that
the district judge is incompetent. I have not the
honor of an intimate personal acquaintance with
the judge; but I know him, and it is the first time
1 have ever heard him, m my State or out of it,
charged with incompetency.
In response to my colleague, [Mr. MalloryJ
let me tell him, that I a< ted thiee yeais ago, as
peihaps he and other gentlemen on this floor did,
on petitions and memorials asking for a division
of the State into two judicial districts. They said
that business demanded it. Last winter i had
occasion to attend a term of this district court of
Kentucky, and I then took the opportunity of
making some examination as to the amount of
business before the court. I became thoroughly
satisfied, as I am to-day, that a competent man,
who will attend to his duties as judge, can attend
each of the four tcims and go through with the
whole docket in less than three week's. He can
go through the docket and render judgment in
every case, not including those involving offenses
against the laws of the United States, such as mail
jobberies and such Uke offenses, which are of ex-
ceedingly rare occurrence in that State.
Another tact. My colleague says I advocated
the passage of an act in the last Congress for hold-
ing four terms of that court in four different places.
That, sir, is true, and for this reason: under the
