230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
House has passed and sen t to the Senate two bills
on the same subjects—one applicable to the staff
corps, and the other to the retiring of disabled
officers. The committee have instructed me, in-
asmuch as the two Houses differ in almost every
clause, to report a substitute covering the two
bills passed by the House, in order that we may
bring this matter to a committee of conference as
soon as possible, to settle the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses.
The substitute was adopted.
The Senate bill, as amended, was ordered to a
third reading; and it was Accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 4, for
the better organization of the Marine Corps, with
sundry amendments.
The amendments were agreed to; and then the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE Of BILLS.
On motionVf Mr. SEDGWICK, the following
bills were taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs:
An act (S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fix-
ing the salary of the same, and for other pur-
• poses;
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the construc-
tion of ojie or more armored ships and floating
battei'icH* and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of"the Navy, and for other purposes.
joun c. m'connisll.
Mr. CURTIS. When the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs was called, I forgot to call up a bill
I had in my possession; and I now ftsk unani-
mous consent to present the bill, and put it upon
its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want the regular order
of business proceeded with, as I desire to reach
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CURTIS. My committee has been called.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE. Yes; but mine has not;
I am always reluctant to object to anything; but
I think we ought to proceed m regular order, and
thereby give the committees u fair chance. How-
ever, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of (he House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of House hill No. 59, for the relief
of John C. McConnell, and to put the same on
its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. Let the bill he rend.
The bill, which was read, directs the {Secretary
of War to adjust the accounts of John C. Mc-
Connell for commissary supplies and medicines
furnished by him to the United States'volunteers
of Maryland now in service, on the principles of
equity and justice, provided that the same shall
not exceed $8,500, to be paid out' of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BURNETT. Is that bill admissible, ac-
cording to the rule wo have adopted ?
The SPEAKER. It appropriates money, and
it requires unanimous consent to discharge the
committee from its further consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot, from hearing the
bill read, see any reason why the committee should
be discharged; and therefore I enter my protest
against the bill being taken up now out of its
order.
The SPEAKER continued the call of commit-
tees for reports.
EXPENDITURES OF TIIE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. p. A. CONKLTNG. X offer the following
resolution as a report from the special committee
appointed to inquire into the expenditures of the
Government: -
Resolved. That the committee appointed to report in what
maimer, and to what extent, the expemhtuic.s of the trov-
<?mment may be reduced, have power to bit during the le-
cces of Congress, and to send for persons and papers ; and
that a clerk may be employed at the usual rate of compen-
sation.
I desire to malse a brief explanation of the rea-
sons for making this report, and asking for this
enlargement of the powers of the committee. The
committee was appointed a few days since, with
the unanimous consent ofthis House, andl believe
I may say it has met with approbation in every
part of the country. It indicates to the country
the intention of this House to carry out the an-
cient Democratic doctrine of "economy in the
public expense, that labor be lightly burdened."
It indicates to all parties that it is the purpose of
this House to reduce the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment to the lowest possible sum, to the end that
in this-great crisis in our history, involving, as it
does, the very existence of the Government, the
resources of the country may, to the utmost possi-
ble extent, be applied to suppress treason and re-
bellion in the land. The Speaker of this House,
under the authority given by that resolution, ap-
pointed the following gentlemen to constitute that
committee: Messrs. Conkling, Kellogg of Illi-
nois, Burnett, Nixon, Blair of Pennsylvania,
Ciirisfield, and Brown. 1 have taken the liberty
to name them here because their names, so far as
I am informed, do not appear upon any printed
list of the committees of this House, though the
regularly printed list does contain the names of
those composing other select committees.
The committee have held one meeting, and they
have found that they can make no essential prog-
ress in the discharge of their duties, without the
facilities which are now asked. They have ascer-
tained that a very great necessity exists for the
prosecution of the inquiry piovided for in the reso-
lution; and I will mention one single fact here
which has come to the knpwlcdge of the commit-
tee. The receipts of the revenue from customs,
during each quarter of the five years preceding
the 1st of January last, averaged a little moic than
thirteen million dollars. For the quarter ending
with the close of the last fiscal year, the amount
of revenue received from this source was but
§5,500,000—or considerably less than one half the
average which I have named. But notwithstanding
this diminution in the receipts, there is no evi-
dence—and I think it may be safely asserted that
no evidence can bo produced—that any office in
the custom-houses of the country has been dis-
pensed wirh.
I will not detain the House by the mention of
other facts which have come to the knowledge of
the committee. It is under these circumstances
that we come here and ask for an enlargement of
our powers. On yesterday I offered a similar res-
olution, and modified it in accordance with the
suggestions of some gentlemen upon this floor.
That resolution was voted down, or rather, it was
laid on the table; and that act of the House would
seem to indicate that Us judgment had been re-
versed in regard to the necessity of this inquiry.
For one, I hope that such a construction of the
vote of yesteulny is erroneous and unfounded;
and I hope a majority wiil now permit this reso-
lution to be passed. If, in anyof its terms, it be
objectionable, the committee are piepaied to have
it amended. If there be any power vested by
the resolution in the committee which is unusual,
or which is deemed too great, the committee arc
perfectly willing to have its terms amended in
that respect. But we do desire that the powers
of the committee may be sufficiently augmented
to enable us to piosecute the inquiry with effect.
Mr. EDWARDS. As I have had occasion,
Mr. Speaker, to oppose this application on one
or two other occasions, I think it but justice to
myself that I should submit a very few remarks
in relation to the resolution which is now pend-
ing. It is true that the resolution authorizing the
appointment of this committee passed the House
without any opposition. So far as I am con-
cerned, T at that time regarded that resolution in
this point of view: that it came from a gentleman ;
who was now, for the first time, a member of this
House; and I supposed that the duties of the !
committee would terminate with the session; and
in the form in which it then stood, I did not think
it important to raise any objection to the appoint-
ment of the committee. But when, yesterday, it
was proposed to add to the powers of the com-
mittee, to recognize it as of a permanent charac-
ter, I thought it was proper, if it was objection-
able to clothe this committee with additional and
continuing powers, that the objection should be
made.
Now, sir, what does this committee propose to
do? Why, to examine into the public expendi-
tures of the country. They propose to do nothing
more than the standing Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, if I understand the rules of the House,
ought to do, if they do'their duty.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 will state, for the
information of the honorable member, that the
terms of the resolution under which this commit-
tee was appointed are these;
" That a committee be appointed by the Speaker to le-
port to this House in what mannpr and to what extent the
expenditures of the Government of the United States may
be reduced, and what officers may be dispensed with."
It will be perceived, then, that the scope of the
committee's investigation is entirely different from
that of the committee to which the gentleman has
referred. I have alluded tothe fact that in the de-
partment of customs there has been a very great
diminution of receipts; and of the furtherfact that
there has been no reduction in the number of offi-
cers employed. Now, sir, we do not come here to
make war in any way upon the collectors ap-
pointed at the various ports. We believe it is the
desire and the wish of the collectors to reduce
their force: but we know well the pressure that
is brought to bear upon them,and the difficulty
of their acting without authority of law.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman thinks the
scope of the duties of that committee is different
from that of the committee to which I referred,
and that they would occupy a different field of
investigation from that assigned by the rules of
the House to the standing Committee on Public
Expenditures. The rules provide that it shall be
the duty of the Committee on Public Expenditures
to examine into the state of the accounts and ex-
penditures of the several public Departments of
the Government, and to inquire and report par-
ticularly , whether the expenditures of the respect-
ive Departments are justified by law; whethci the
claims from time to time satisfied and discharged
by the respective Departments are supported by
sufficient vouchers, establishing then* justness
both as to their character and amount; whether
such claims have been discharged out of funds
appropriated therefor; and whether all moneys
have been disbursed in conformity with appropri-
ation laws; and whether any, and what, provis-
isions are necessai y to be adopted to provide more
perfectly for the proper application of the publie
moneys, and to secure the Government from de-
mands! unjust in their character or extravagant in
their amount. And also to report, from time to
time, whether any, and what, retrenchment can
be made in the expenditures of the-several De-
partments without detriment to the public service;
whether any, and what, abuses at any time exist
in the failure to enforce the payment of moneys
which may be due to the United States from pub-
lic defaulters or others; and to report, from time
to time, such provisions and arrangements as may
be necessary to add to the economy of the several
Departments and the accountability of their offi-
cers. I do not object to the committee which the
gentleman has named. I concede their respecta-
ability, and I claim as much for the Committee
oil Public Expenditures, consisting of a greater
number of gentlemen of this House.
The sole question with me is, whether it is ex-
pedient—whether, I had almost said, it is proper—
that, as a mere matter of inquiry, those duties
which fall within the province of a standing com-
mittee shall be taken fiom them, and assigned to
a Select committee ? This 1 suppose to be. the
question raised, and I cannot think it expedient
to adopt such a course. There may be cases, I
admit, where a committee is overburdened with
business, or where there is a particular question
arising, of such breadth and importance that it
may be right to assign its investigation to a spe-
cial committee; but i can see no necessity of the
kind in this case.
If gentlemen wish inquiries to be made into par-
ticular expenditures, they can have resolutions
passed instructing the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures to inquire into those particular subjects
which they think require investigation. Suppose
the course taken in this case should be pursued
in relation to all the committees; suppose that at
the beginning of the session, gentlemen should
come forward and move special committees to
