1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
inquire into the various subjects that are within
* the province of the Judiciary Committee: we might
have select committees upon every lYiatter that
belongs appropriately to that committee. So m
relation to the Committee of Ways and Means;
we should have a select committee to inquire how
much money the Government needs to borrow,
and a select committee to inquire how much can
be raised by a tariff. We should have select com-
mittees upon all the duties of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and so with reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and all thxTother
standing committees of the House. Why, I ask,
should au exception be made m the case of the
Committee 011 Public Expenditures? i have no
anxiety on my own account, personally, to be in-
vested with this particular labor, but I thought
when I rose before that it was due to the com-
mittee that the House should properly understand^
what their idea is upou the subject, and see if
there is any necessity for taking this investigation
out of their province, and assigning it to a select
committee, clothing that select committee with
powers which the standing committee do not pos-
sess, and do not see occasion to ask for at the
present session.
With these remarks, I submit the matter for the
disposition of the House as they, in their judg-
ment and pleasure, shall see proper.
The question was taken on tiie resolution, and
it was not agreed to.
STEAMER ESTEM-A.
Mr, WARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to authorize the issue of a
register to the steamer Esteila, which was read a
first and second time by us title.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR KKI'lUCSENTATIOX.
Mi .ELIOT,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to increase the con.sulnr representation of
the United States during the present insurrection;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
The call of committees for reports having now
been concluded, the Speaker proceeded to call the
States and Temtories for lesolutions giving rise,
to no debate, and for bills and resolutions for ref-
erence only.
EMPLOYES OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. IIUTCH1NS inti oduced a bill defining; the
duties and fixing-the compensation of the Clerk,
Sergeant-at-Arms, Pom master, Doorkeeper, and
Librarian, and settling the number and pay of the
other employes of the House of Representatives,
and/or other purposes; which was road a fust
and second tune by its title, and referred to the
Committee of Accounts.
DISSOLUTION OF THE UNION,
Mr. WADSVVORTH. Is it in order at this
time to present a petition from certain citizens of
Greenup county, Kentucky, praying that Con-
gress will never consent to a dissolution of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe that can be done
under the i ules.
Mr. AVADSWORTH. There is no objection,
I presume.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House re-
quire that petitions shall be filed at the Clerk's
desk; and the Chair understands the gentleman's
colleague to insist on that course.
EMPLOYMENT OF NEGROES IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. BURNETT. Is this a call upon which I
can offer a resolution to be put upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 offer the resolution
submitted by me this morning; and 1 desire to
give the reasons why I offer it.
The" SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe I shall object to the
gentleman's giving his reasons.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, I do not know that it
is necessary for me to give any reason for it. I
offer the resolution, and call the previous question
upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform this House
whether theie are any negroes m the Army ot the United
States, which have been aimed ; whether there ate negroes,
the propetty of'citizens of any ol the revolted States, which
have been used by the Army in any character of military
duty, tlx; throwing up ol luca^twoiks, making intrench-
ment-J, &e.; if so, at what places, and the number of slaves
so eiriploved. w
Air. McCLERNAND. ( Will the gentleman
allow me to amend the resolution so as to inquire
whether the so-called " confederate States" have
armed negroes on their side?
Mr. BURNETT. The very reason why I offer
this resolution is, that my colleague [Mr. Wick-
lifpt.] had a resolution passed yesterday, making
just that inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwould remind the
gentleman that objection was made to his giving
any reasons.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr.-SHEFFIELD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
laid upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. If in time, I ask for tellers
upon oidering the yeas and nays. [Cries of "Too
later5] What objection can there be to letting us
know whether there are negroes in the Federal
Army or not? It is a tact that there are. I know
it to be so.
Mi. WICKLIFFE. May I be allowed to cor-
rect my colleague, who has charged upon me the
offering of a resolution to inquire whether negroes
are employed in the confederate army?
Mr. RUllNETT. I must object to my col-
league making a statement unless I am permitted
to reply to it.
Mr. AV1CKLIFFE. My colleague is mis-
taken.
Mr. BURNETT. I think not, if the Globe is
any nuihot ity on the subject. I may be mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
debate is not in order. There is no question be-
foie the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to state, sir, that
I did not offer a resolution to inquire whether
slaves had been employed m the southern army
1 did  oi believe, or hear, or understand, that such
a miluai y ai m had been employed by these seces-
sionists. 1 was unwilling to believe that such
was the fact; but it was suggested by some gen-
tleman over the way that it was the fact, and he
wanted me to accept an amendment making that
inquiry. I did not accept it. lie moved it as an
amendment, and the House adopted it. I had no
objection to the inquiry. I denounce the employ-
ment of slaves or Indians by either of the belli-
gerent parties. I, who have lived long enough to
know something of Indian warfare, cannot toler-
ate the idea that m a civilized and Christian age
any portion of the United States—the confederates
or the United States themselves—fhould employ,
without the condemnation of the Christian world,
savages or negroes as instruments of war between
while men.
ARMORY AT CHICAGO.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
llecohcd, Thnt the select committee on the location of
an armoiy be ni^tnicted to inquue into the expediency of
locating >ucli armoiy at Chicago.
ACT OF CONFISCATION.
Mr. BINGI-IAM. I ask leave to have taken
from the Speaker's table an act (S. No. 25) to
confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses.
There being no objection, the actwas taken up,
read a iir&t and second time, and refeircd to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
"WASHINGTON POLICE.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, lepor ted back,
with aiecommendation that it do not pass, an act
(S. No. 37) to regulate the police force of the city
of Washington; which was laid on the table.
NEGROES IN THE ARMY,
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to correct a state-
ment which 1 made a moment ago in regard to the
resolution of my colleague, [Mr. WickIiffe,]
including negroes, as I have since ascertained
from an examination of the record that I was mis-
taken. I heard the resolution read at the table,
and at that time it included negroes. I therefore
came to the conclusion that my colleague had so
offered it; but now I find that negroes were added
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Me. Dunn.]
One woid further: I^bffercd a, resolution a mo-
ment ago, to which gentlemen objected. I am,
like my colleague, opposed to the employment of
either negroes or Indians in this war. If we are
to have a war, I want it to be conductcd on prin-
ciples of civilization. Let it be, at least, civilize.d
warfare. I have seen negroes in the Federal Army
with the uniform on, and armed with all the im-
plements that soldiers are armed with. I am
opposed to it. I believe it to be wrong*, andlience
I offered my lesolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to .ask the gentleman
if he is aware that these rebels bayonet the dying
and the wounded who are taken by them?
Mr. BURNETT. X am not; nor do I believe-
it. Let the statement come from what quarter it
may, I do not believe it. That is a? species of
cruelty and barbarism which I do not believe the
people of any section of the country, however
depraved, could resort to. Hence luni unwilling
to believe it.
Mr D1VEN. Will the gentleman permit me
to make an explanation ?
Mr. BURNETT. That is a matter for the
House. I am doing that thing now. Sir, I am op-
posed to the employment of negroes in the Army
on either side^ and I hope and trust injGrod they
have not been armed by those States that are now
in revolution. 1 am as much opposed to theirem-
ployment m the northern Army. I have seen
them with the uniform on, with their rifles, their
bayonets, their revolvers, their daggers at their
sides, marching with the troops through the city;
and if we are to have information with regard to
one side of the question, why not let the Secre-
tary of War tell us how many negroes there are
in the Federal Army? I am opposed to it on
either side, and enter my protest against it.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether he saw any negroes enrolled in
squad form, or company form, or in any other
capacity than as servants?
Mr. BURNETT. The best fighting man lever
saw was a man who went into the valley of Mex-
ico and fought on his own hook; and he was
armed by the Federal Government exactly as
these negroes are.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has the gentlemen seen
any negroes m squads or companies?
Mr. BURNETT. I have not.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman if he be-
lieves they are enrolled in any other capacity than
that of servants?
Mr. BURNETT. I know not how they are
enrolled. The question is, whether they are not
armed like soldiers? They have no business with
arms.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman another
question: whether negioes did not go with our
officers to the Mexican war, and carry arms there
as they do now?
Mr. BURNETT. I do notknow whether they
did or not.
Mr. CURTIS. I know they did.
Mi. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
if he is notaware, as a historical fact, that negroes
aided General Jackson in achieving the victory of
New Orleans?
Mr. BURNETT. I am aware of that; and I
understand that the gentleman does not object to
the use of negroes in war.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Notatali; I would fight with
any muscle that can fight.
Mr. BURNETT. Therefore the gentleman
might have saved himself the trouble of asking
me°tiny question, because I do not agree with him
in his peculiar idea. That is enough.
Mi. STRATTOJNf. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
ten minutes past two o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
