234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
may claim the same. Each member has his own
peculiar views about a bill, and each member may
claim to present his protest also; bccause, I take
it, a man not a member of a committee has as
good a right to entertain and express a protest
upon the subject of that bill, as a minority of a
committee have. What is claimed is the right of
a member of the House or body—not of the com-
mittee, because, as I have said already, the com-
mittee have made no report. I think the prece-
dent is a dangerous one, and it ought not to be
permitted.
Mr. BAYARD. A"single word more, for I do
not desire to detain the Senate from business.
When a committee to whom a matter is commit-
ted by the Senate for report, bring it back to the
Senate, there must be a report, or you have no
bill before you, though they may not give rea-
sons in support of their report. I can see no dif-
ference in principle, in accordance with our insti-
tutions and the very object of the,institutions,
between permitting a minority of a committee, as
members of the committee, to enter their protest,
if you please, or their dissent (for that is what it
is) from the report made by the majority of the
committee, and permitting a minority of the body,
when a measure is passed, to present their protest
against its passage. I Can sec no difference m
principle between the two oases; but, as 1 stated,
it is for tiie pleasure of the Senate to determine
this question; it is entirely in their control always.
If there could be any objection to the length of
this document, to its tone, to its language, to any-
thing about it, I should not for a moment hesitate
to say that they would be justified in rejecting it.
I can see, however, no danger in the precedent,
which the honorable Senator from Vermont does;
but of course 1 must submit to the decision of the
Senate. If they decide not to print it,it will only
take a different course. I shalfbe satisfied with
their decision, whatever it may be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The question is,14 Shall the paper
presented by the Senator from Delaware be printed
as the views of the minority of the Committee on
the Judiciary?"
The question being taken, on a division there
•were—ayes 7, noes 16; not a quorum voting. -
Mr. BAYARD. If there is no quorum voting,
perhaps I had brttei ask for the yeas and nays.
That will probably eicate a quorum. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 529; as follows:
YKAS—Mes^is. Baviud, Bnglu. Foot, Johnson of Mis-
souri, Lathixm, Peaice, l'olk, Powell, Hiee, and Saulo
bury—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bingham, Browning, Chan-
dler,Clark, < lollatner, Cow an, Ihxou, Doohttle, Fe^emku,
Foster, Grimcf, 11 <lie, Uailan, Hams, King. I.am o! In-
diana, Lain* of Kansas, MeDong.UI, Mori ill, l'om<-i-ov,
Sherman, Simmons, Smnwi,Ten Eyek,Tnunbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wil-ori— JO.
So the motion to print was not agreed to.
MESSAGE KUOM THE IIOLSIS.
A message from the Ilou.se of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethejiidgk, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. II. No. 2f>) making addi-
tional appropriations to sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, iy(j2,
and appropriations of arrearages for the year
ending June 30, 1861.
The message further announced that the House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 25) making additional ap-
propriations for the legislative, executh e, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, mid appropi ialions of ar-
rearages for the year ending June 30, 18GJ; asked
a confercnee.on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses then-oil, and had appointed Mr. Justin"
S. Morrill of Vermont, Mr. Edward McPiier-
son of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Ehastus Coiinin-g
of New Yoik, managers at the same on the part
of the House.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. i2) to increase the military establishment
of the United States, disagreed to by tin* Senate,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, ami bad appointed Mr.
Francis P. Blair, jr., of Missoun, Mi. Aura-
ham B. Olin of New York, and Mr. Robeut
Mallory of Kentucky, managers at the same on
the part of the House.
The message further announced that the House
insists on its amendment to the resolution of the
Senate (No. 5) to pay to the widow of the late
Stephen A. Douglas the amount due to him as a
Senator at the time of his death, disagreed to by
the Senate, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. William A. Richardson of Illinois,
Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
William £. Lehman of Pennsylvania, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 3) providing for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment; and
A bill (No. 14) for the better organization of
the Marine Coi ps.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 9) to provide for the introduction
of a code of marine signals, adapted to secret ser-
vice, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 70) for the more efficient organiza-
tion of the courts of the United States in the dis-
tricts of Kentucky and Missouri;
A bill (No 74) to increase the consular repre-
sentation of the United States during the present
insurrection;
A bill (No. 73) to authorize the issue of a re-
gister to the steamer Estella;
A bill (No. 55) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to protect the commerce of the
United States, and punish the crime of piracy;"
and
A bill (No. 69) to indemnify the States for ex-
penses incurred by them in defense of the United
States.
BILLS BECOME LA"WS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had signed and ap-
proved the following bills:
A bill (II. It. No. 1G) further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 15) to provide for the pay-
ment of the militia and volunteers called into the
service of the United States, from the time they
were called mto service to the 30th of June, 1861;
A bill (II. It. No. 14) to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 18) making additional ap-
propriations for the support of the Aim}'', for the
fiscal year ending June 30, and appropria-
tion.1? of arrearages for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1861; and
A bill (II. R. No. 19) making additional ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
endjng June 30, ld(j2, and appropriations of ar-
rearages for the year ending June 30, 1861.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S, No. 21) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States sloop-of-war Levant, and for
other purposes;
A Cnll (S. No. 32) to provide for the temporary
increase of the Navy;
A bill (H. It. No. 17) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit fines and penalties in-
curred in certain cases;
A bill (H. It. No. 26) making additional ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
and appropriations of arrearages for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1861;
A bill (H. It. No. 23) for the relief of certain
musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter,
in South Carolina;
A bill (II. R. No. 56) in relation to forwarding
soldiers' letters;
A bill (H. It. No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio
and other volunteers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) authorizing
j the appointment of examiners to examine a steam
I floating battery at Hoboken, New Jersey.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. There is lying on the table a
message from the House of Representatives, in-
sisting on their amendment to the bill of the
Senate to increase the present military establish-
ment of the United States, and asking for a com-
mittee of conference. I desire to have that taken
up now, and disposed of by the appointment of
a committee on our part.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the following message from
the House of Representatives:
In THr: House ov Representatives, July 23,1861.
Resolved, That this IIou&c insist on its amendment dis-
agreed to by the Senate, to the bill of the Senate {No 2) to
increase the present military establishment of the United
States, and ask a conference upon the disagieeiujj votes of
the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Mr. F. P. Blair, Jr., and Mr. Olin, and
Mi. Mallory, be the managers of said conference on the
part of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate insist
on its disagreement to the amendment of the
House, and agree to the conference asked for by
them, and that the committee be appointed by the
Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and so it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representatives lo the
s.ud bill, insisted on by the House ; and that it agree to the,
eorileiencp asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Lane of Kansas,
were appointed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another bill on
the table in the same condition, which I ask to
have taken up and disposed of in like manner by
the appointment of a committee of conference.
The message of the House was read, as follows:
In tiir IIorsR or Representatives, July 22,1861.
Resolved, That the Ilotwe non-concur in thf amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the flou-e (No. 25) making ad-
ditional appiopuations for the legislative, executive^ and
judicial expenses of the Government for the jeai ending
the 3<Jth of Juno, I860, and appropriations of arreanujes for
the yeai ending the 3Uih of June, 1861, and ask a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Orderedi That Mi. Jcsti.n Morrill. Mr. McPhrrson,
and Mr. Corning, be the managers of said eonfeienee on
the pait of the Ilou>e.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to rhe said bill, disagreed to by the House of Repie^enta-
lives;, and agree to the conference a«ked by the House oa
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses theieon.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Presi-
dent pro tempore was authorized to appoint the
committee of conference on the part of the Senate;
and Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Sherman, and Mr.
Latham, were appointed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referied as indicated below:
A bill (No. 9) to provide for the introduction
of a code of marine signals adapted to secret ser-
vice, and for other puiposes—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 70) for the more efficient organiza-
tion of the courts of the United States in the dis-
tricts of Kentucky and Missouri—to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 14) to increase the consular repre-
sentation of the United States duiing the present
insurrection—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 73) to authoiize the issue of a re-
gister to the steamer Estella—to the Committee
un Commeice.
A bill (No. 55) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to protect the commerce of the United
States, and punish the crime of piracy"—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 69) to indemnify the States for ex-
penses incurred by them in defense o^theUnited
States—to the Committee on Finance.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The hour of one o'clock ha\ing
arrived, the special order of the day, being the
joint resolution (S. No. 1) to approve and con-
firm certain acts of the President of the United
States, will be taken up.
