236
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
(No. 14) for the better organization of the Marine
Corps. Tlie first amendment of the House was,
in line six, page 1, to strike out the words <{ two
colonels," and insert, " one colonel commandant,
one colonel;'* so that it will read:
That from and after the passage of this act the United
States Maiine Corps shall consist of the following offieeis,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and piivales, to wit:
one colonel commandant, one colonel, two lieutenant col-
onels, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out section
two, in the following words:
" Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the Pi esident of
the United States shall, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint, firstbypiomotions from the officers
now in the Maruic Corps and then by selection, the officers
hereby authorized."
And tp insert the following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 2. *dnd be it further enacted, That the commissions
of the officers now in the Marine Corps shall not be vacated
by this act; and that the President ot the United Suites
may, during the recess ot the Senate, liist by piomotion
and then by selection, appoint the officers heieby author-
ized ; winch appointments shall be submitted to the Senate,
at their next session, for their advice and consent. —
The amendment was concurred"in.
DISTRICT AND CIRCUIT COURTS.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 39) to provide for holding the district and
circuit courts injudicial districts during a tempo-
rary vacancy in the judgeship; which the Senate
proceeded to consider as m Committee of the
Whole. t
The bill enacts that, in case of vacancy in the
office of district judge of any judicial district of
the United States in any State in which there arc
two judicial districts, it shall be lawful for the
district judge of the other district of the State to
hold the district court or circuit court, in case of
sickness or the absence of the circuit judge, and
discharge all the judicial duties of the district
judge of such vacant district, so long as such va-
cancy shall continue; and all the acts and pro-
ceedings in the courts, or by or before the disti ict
judge of the adjoining district, shall have the same
force, effect and validity, as if done and trans-
acted by and before a judge amiointcd for such
district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read (he third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ktiif.ridgk, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 7G) to provide
for the payment of the police organized by the
United States for the city of Baltimore; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furthe ran mm need that the Spcakoi
had signed an enrolled bill (11. IL No. 04) to ic~
fund the"duties on arm?* imported inlo the United
States; and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
GO V10KNM10NT C0NTRACTS.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The next bill in order is the bill
(S. No. 43) to preventand punish fraud on the part
of officers intrusted with the making of contracts
for the Government.
The bill was read.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that that bill be
laid on the table, and printed. It is too import-
ant a measure for us to act on without consider-
ation.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been printed. It comes
from the Committee on the Judiciary, as I under-
stand.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that it he laid on
the table, then.
The question being taken, it was declared that
the noes appealed to have it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a very important
measure. 1 am not satisfied with its details.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator call for a division on the vote ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir. Let it go over
until to-morrow. 1 do not want to defeat ac-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom California <.hinges his motion; and move*"-*
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
NATAL MEDICAL CORPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps of the
Jfavy, and for other purposes.
The amendment was to strike out the whole of
the second section of the bill, which was in the
following words:
" Sec. 2. Ami be it further enactcd, That for the purpose
of meeting the present cxigcncics of the naval service, there
shall be appointed one pupil at the United States Naval
School by the President of the United States, before the
l«t day ot September next, upon the recommendation of the
member of Confess ieprcsentm<j the district m which the
applicant actually resides ; one pupil upon the leeonnnend-
ation of each Senator ot the United States ; and teu pupils
by the President at large."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives ?
Mr, BROWNING. I ask to be informed as to
what the amendment is. 1 did not hear it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The general
disorder in the galleries, the Chair is obliged to
say, seriously interrupts the proceeding of busi-
ness on this floor. Order must be restored in the
galleries; and, to this end, conversation must be
suspended; and the officeis in attendance on the
galleries will remove forthwith all persons in dis-
order or in disregard of this request.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senate will adhere
to the bill as it was sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives. As the law now stands, it would only
authorize the appointment of one hundred and
forty-odd pupils at the Navid Academy, when
the country icquires that the school should be
filled up really to its capacity. We shall not have
thirty young men at the Academy at the com-
mencement of the next academic year, unless wo
make some provision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the House amendment.
The amendment was non-concurted m.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment of an
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing the
salary of the same, and for other purposes.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was, on page 1, lines six and seven, to strike
out the words " equal to the sea pay of a captain
in the Navy,"and insert in lieu thereof44 $3,000."
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will not con-
cur in that amendment, (t occurred (o the Com-
mittee on Naval Allah's that there would be a
manifest impropriety in putting the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, who, by the teuns of this
bill, is to he Acting Secretary m the absence of the
Secretary, at a salary so much lower than the
captains under him. The House have passed a
bill fixing the salary of the Assistant Secretary of
War at. $4,000, and I think it would not be proper
' to strike this down at this time. The House have
i put the Assistant Sccretaiy of War at $4,000, and
suieken down the Assistant Secretary of theNavy
to *33,000. 1 move that the Senate non-concur in
that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The direct
question is upon concurring. A negative vote
non-concurs.
The amendment was not concurred in.
ARMORED SUITS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 36) to provide for the construction of one
or more armored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives are: in line six, after the word "construc-
tion," to inserttc or completing;" inline six, after
the word "iron," to insert "or steel;" inline
eight, after the word " iron," to insertor steel;"
in line ten, after the word "any," to insert
" money;" so as to make the first section read:
Thai the Sccietary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
autlioi i'/ed and diieeted to appoint a bouid of three skillful
naval officers to investigate the plans and specifications
that may be submitted lor the constiucuon or completing
of iion or steel find steamships or steaip batteries, and on
tltf'ir leport, Miould U he OuoiabJe, the Fenft^y n|
Navy will cause one or more armored or iron or stect-clad
steamships or steam floating batteries to be built; and there
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appiopnated, the sum of $1,500,000.
The amendments were not concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK subsequently said: I beg
leave to move to reconsider the vote of the Senate
<taken, while I was out, on the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the Senate bill No.
36. It is a matter which affects a constituent of
mine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose that motion
will be entered. I move now to take up the
House bill whicK I reported this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent
now to take up and pass the bill to which 1 alluded.
Mr. COLLAMER. I call the attention of the
Senator from New Jersey to the fact that the bill
on which he has moved a reconsideration con-
tains other matter on which there is a difference
of opinion between the two Houses. It requires
action now,.and ought not to be suspended be-
tween the two Houses on the question in relation
to the particular amendment which he has m view.
1 desire that the question on that reconsideration
shall be passed upon now, that we may dispose
of the bill and let the business bo going on.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The reason why I should
prefer it not being acted on just now is, that my
colleague from New Jersey is absent from his
seat. At the very earliest moment after he comes
in, I will consent to its being taken up. He had
charge of the matter, and is absent; and I was
absent from the Chamber when the vote was
taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is entered.
EFFICIENCY OF THE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 44)
to promote the efficiency of the volunteer force
or the United States; which was read twicc by
its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have the bill read
through for information, and if there be no serious
objection, 1 should like to have it considered to-
day.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
the President to discharge from the service of the
United States any commissioned officer or officers
of the volunteers Who may be now or hereafter
accepted in or appointed to that service, who shall
be properly reported to the Presidcntfor incapa-
city or inefficiency, for misconduct or neglect of
official duty; and the commission of such officer
shall be forthwith vacated and shall he filled in
accordance with the existing laws.
The PRESlDENT;?ro tempore* It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider the
bill at th is time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the bill is icferrcd to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Air. McDOUGALL. In objecting to the bill
introduced by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Allans, I did it for the reason that it is
not exactly what I want; it docs not fill the whole
demand; it is not a strong enough bill. 1 hope the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will present a bill to cover the whole ground.
THE REVENUE MARINE.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (TT.
53) relative to the revenue marine, to fix
thN|compensation of the officers thereof, and for
oth\r purposes, was considered as m Committee
of tlit ^riiole. It fixes the compensation of the
ofticeiW of the revenue cutters .at the following
rates: Duty pay—captains, $1,800 per annum;
first lieutenants, $1,400 per annum; second lieu-
tenants, $1,200 per annum; thud lieutenants, &900
per annum. Leave-of-absence or waiting orders
pay—captains, ,5200 per annum; first lieuten-
ants, §1,000 per annum; second lieutenants, «f 800
per annum; third lieutenants, $700 per annum.
The number of officers for each revenue vessel is
to be one captain and three lieutenants, first, sec-
ond, and third; and of a steam vessel, one engi-
neer and one assistant engineer, and such number
of petty officers and men as, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, may be required to
