288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
in the public service, and he adds that ho does
not care whether they are paid too much or too
little. Now, I regret that the honorable Senator
should base his opposition to this bill on any
such ground. I am sure that is no fair ground of
legislation in this body.
Mr. HALE. TM honorable Senator will allow
me. I know he does not mean to misstate any-
body. I said that, so far as the question related
to action at this time, I did not care whether the
pay was too high or too low. I wanted it put off
to December.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will allow me
to say thatl think he has ilot very much improved
bis position by'saying that he does not care
whether or not justice is to be done at this time,
or postponed till December, to a worthy branch
of the public service. I suppose all there is in
this question is simply this: is the compensation
we are paying to this branch of the service too
low? That is the question; and if it is too low,
now is the time when they have a right to have
it increased. The committee have examined that
question; and wo find that the pay is inadequate
to the service; and allow me to tell the Senator
that it is greatly, disproportionate to that branch
of the service which he so carefully represents on
this floor, and so persistently adheres to. The
reason why the pay of this branch of the service
should be increased at this particular time is that
the Secretary of the Treasury informs us that he
intends to impose upon if additional and onerous
duties; that the scrvicc needs to be strengthened;
and need wo appeal to known facts ? Are we not
engaged in an attempt to collect the revenues of
the country; and does not the Senator know that
the circumstances by which we are surrounded
are likely to impose on this branch of the service
large additional duties?
My ground is this: in the first place, the pay
of tlus branch of the public, service is greatly dis-
proportionate, and has been for years, to that of
any other branch of the public service. In addi-
tion to this, at the present moment we are im-
posing 011 this branch of the public service large
and onerous additional duties; and these two facts
being ascertained, (and the committee did ascer-
tain them,) the only question then is, whether we
will mete out to this branch of the service that
sortofpubliejustice which is demanded for others'
The Senator will allow me to suggest to him to
abate the zeal of his opposition hern, because a
few 'moments ago one of the bills from his com-
mittee came up, not only to increase the pay, but
to add a distinct member to that branch of the
public service which he so ably represents, to wit:
to add an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, n new
officer at a large pay—as I'understand some four
thousand dollars—and the other branch of Con-
gress in its wisdom sees fit to reduce it to $3,000.
lie stood here to object to the reduction ofailollar.
No time, says the honorable Senator, when we
prepense to pay these men, whose pay is greatly
disproportionate; and not a moment'ago he was
insisting on adding a new officer at a very large
compensation. I do not object to that; I voted
for that,and will ajain; and upon the supposition
that the bill coming from the committee of which
that Senator is chairman, they had examined the
facts and they better understand the facts, it docs
not become mc to stand here and say that 1 do
not know and do not care whether the public
service demands it or not, that now is not the time.
Now is the time; now is the time to strengthen
every aim of the public service. For that teason
I go for his bill, and for that reason 1 submit that
the honorable Senator should withdraw his oppo-
sition to tins measure; and in due time, should
it become necessary, we will submit the other
branch of our bill to the inspection of his com-
mittee.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that the sec-
tion will not be stricken out. The Secretory of
the Treasury advises us upon written statement
that he holds this branch of the service to be im-
portant, and that the compensation of these offi-
cers is greatly disproportionate and is inadequate.
Mr. HALE. I may bo mistaken—J think lam
not—when I say that this is the first time that I
know of that ever an attempt has been made to
increase the salaries of the revenue officers. I
think that is the fact; but I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the way we travel, tiie way
we go. In 1835, we raised the pay oi our Navy
very much; put it at a high figure. The Army
immediately became restless. Year after year
they besieged the doors of Congress, because the
proportion was not right; the Navy was too high
proportionately; and then we raised the Army.
We got their pay so high that the Navy became
disatisfied; they said the proportion was disturbed;
and then we raised the Navy again, and we have
attempted this session to raise the Army again,
because the proportion is not right. yVell, sir,
why, under Heaven, does it not ever occur to any-
body on this floor that equality might be restored
in some possible contingency by cutting down
salaries ? A man would be considered almost in-
sane, and a writ of lunacy would be issued against
him, who should seriously insist, if there were
salaries too high in proportion to others, that it
might possibly do to cut some down as well as
to be eternally raising up.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator w^l
allow me to ask him a question. I will put it
directly to him. "Why has it not occurred to him
and his comrrMttee?
Mr. HALE;. It has occurred to me, and I have
been laboring there, and I have got the reputation
of being an eccentric man of no influence at all,
simply because I have advocated that.
Mr. MORRILL. I have seen no bill this ses-
sion from the Senator of that character.
Mr. HALE. I made motions on the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts; I have labored in
that way. It only shows that the Senator from
Maine is occupied with such high considerations
of public duty that he docs not come down to the
doings of so humble an individual as 1 am, to
know what I have been about. I have been labor-
ing in that Imp; ineffectually, I grant.
No man has higher respect for the Senator from
Maine than I have—for his talents, his fairness,
his patriotism, and his power; and 1 fear that this
measure is to bo put through under the impulse
which he lias given to it, upon considerations that
ought not to influence the Senate. It brings back
with tenfold force the words that 1 uttered when
1 said,this is not the time. The Senator says that
the Secretary of the Treasury is about to impose
extraordinary duties on this corps in the time of
this war. Very well, sir; let lum impose them,
and let them render them, and let every man ren-
der them; but you laise the salary to-day upon
this cry, that extraordinary duties are to be im-
posed upon them,and the salary will remain when
the duties are gone. It is no tune, in an emergency
like this, when extraordinary duties are to be con-
ferred upon this corps to be peifoimed duringthe
existence of this war, permanently to raise their
salaries, which will remain there. But, sir,after
the crisis is over, after the emergency has passed,
after the press that is now upon us has been re-
moved, then is the time calmly to consider the
question.
But, Mr. President, I will not take up the time
of the Senate. 1 see the tendency of the thing.
Salaries are like balloons: they eternally go up,
and never come down until there is a filial col-
lapse, and everything comes down together. I
suppose it will be the case with this corps.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 will state that this meas-
ure has nothing to do with an equilibrium between
the Army and the Navy and the levenue service.
These salaries are absolutely at starvation point.
They are lower than the salaries which are paid
in any other civil service of importance. Look at
the salaries of cashiers of banks and of book-
keepers; even the lowest clerk in any Department
of this Government receives as high a salary as
a commander in your revenue service of thirty
years'standing. It is wrong. You wanta better
class of talent, a higher class of knowledge in the
command of your revenue service at this time,
and for all future time, than you do in the lowest
grade of clerkship in any branch of this Govern-
ment. I say It has nothing to do with the equi-
librium. It is a simple act of justice to a worthy
class of individuals. The Senator says he has
never hcaid a suggestion of an increase of these
salaries before. 11 he has not, I will venture to
say he is the only Senator upon this floor who
has not. I have received any number of petitions
and requests at every session of Congress since
1 have had the honor of a seat upon this floor,
for this very measure.
I hope that the first section will not be stricken
out, and that the bill will pass just as it is; for 1
believe it is a just and equitable bill. There is a
provision in it authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of such vessels as the ser-
vice does notrequire,and substitute others, within
the. appropriation. This is eminently fit and
proper. You have to-day vessels in commission
that'are totally unfit for the service to which they
are assigned, and are utterly useless; and yet they
are run at a very great expense to this Govern-
ment. The bill proposes to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to dispose of such vessels.
It likewise authorizes him to transfer such ves-
sels as are fit for naval service to the Navy, and
to substitute such other vessels as, in his judg-
ment, he may deem better fitted for the require-
ments of the revenue service. The bill, from first
to last, in my estimation, is an eminently fit and
proper and equitable bill, and I hope it will be
passed just as it stands, and as it came from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. If I did not regard this bill
as one of vast and vital importance, 1 should not
protract fhe discussion at all; but fclook upon it
as one of the utmost consequence, not simply as
to the question affecting the pay of the officers,
which is the immediate question before the Sen-
ate, but the bill itself; and as I do not wish to rise
again, I shall submit a few observations on the
merits of the bill.
This is connected with the revenue, and the
revenue is the life blood of the country. I want
to know what you arc going to do with the prog-
ress and conduct of this war, without revenue,
without means, immense means, such means as
plain men heretofore never dreamed of. You are
raising three hundred regiments, or more; each
of those regiments will cost the Government
$1,000,000 a year at least. I am glad they are
being raised; our brothers, our kinsmen, and our
fellow-citizens are rushing to arms. They ought
to be sustained; but how are they to be sustained
without a revenue ? We are about to pass a tariff
bill to raise the duties. Of what avail will it be
to us to pass a tariff bill unless wc can collcct the
revenue? I am told that now there is a trade
being carried on in the ports of North Carolina,
two of them opened, by scoundrels of the North
trading there, who, for the sake of a few dollars,
would strike a death-blow to their country. We
want the aid of efficient.vessels and efficient offi-
cers to see that the coffers of the Treasury are
properly filled. We want a competent body of"
officers, and vessels of a suitable description, not
only to guar(| these ports and prevent smuggling
and importation without paying revenue, but to
drive pirates and corsairs from the coast, who are
preying upon our coasters, and keep them land-
bound by the hundred, ay, by the thousand; for
not one of them dare venture a white sail upon the
ocean.
The Harriet Lane has been in the revenue ser-
vice, and she has stood the lire of the Aquia
Creek battery for four mortal hours, till her hull
has been literally riddled; and Captain John
Pauncc has stood on her deck a noble commander,
and he is receiving, after thirty years' service,
§1,200 a year—§100 a month—and no rations; and
yet, your commanders in the Navy, who are the
especial friends of our friend from New Hamp-
shire, are receiving $2,500. This bill proposes
to increase the pay of the captains of the revenue
scrvicc to 01,800—far short of commanders in the
Navy.
I submit most respectfully to the Senate that
this is one branch of the naval service most im-
portant,most efficient—or to be rendered so—and
indispensably requisite under the pressing exi-
gencies of public affairs, of the times as they sre;
and I should not stop to cavil about a few hun-
dred dollais to a gallant commander who has
proved himself worthy of the plaudits of his coun-
trymen, in view of the frauds and the rascalities
which are now being perpetrated upon our rev-
enue, and when the Secretary of the Treasury,
after a fall investigation, has recommended this
measure to the Committee on Coinmeice, and
through them to this body.
The quest-ion being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 10, nays 26; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Johnson
