1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
ul Mh&ouii, King, Pearce, Powell, Saulsbuiy, and Wilkin-
son—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
CoJlamer, Cowan, Dixon, DoolitUe,Fe^sendcn, Foot, Fos-
ter, Han is, Howe, Latham, MeDou<ral[, Mornll, Netnuth,
Pomeioy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Kyck, Trumbull,
Wade, WUmot, and Wi1>oji—26.
So the amendment of Mr. King was rejected.
Mr. KING. Upon the other provisions of this
bill the committee were unanimous. It extends
the same discretion to the Treasury Department
which has been extended to the other Departments,
which I think the public service will be promoted
by conferring here.
Mr. HALE. I shall be gratified if the sixth
section were again read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sep. 6. Jlnd be it farther cnactcd, That there may be
•appointed such number of additional engineers and assist-
ant engineers as may be required by the stcameis now or
hereafter in thes-wvicc.
Mr. HALE. I inquire of the chairman of tlie
Committee on Commerce wlio appoints the en-
gineers; whether the engineers who are employed
on the vessels in the revenue service are different
from those that are employed in steam vessels of
the Navy?
Mr. CHANDLER. Entirely different. They
are appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HALE. To make that certain, I would
simply add the words "to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all fixed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 76) to provide for the payment of
the police oiganized by the United States for the
city of Baltimore was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
EFFICIENCY OF THE VOLUNTEERS. \
Mr. WILSON. I introduced a bill to-day anil
asked for its consideiation, and^unanimous con-
sent being required, the Senator from California
objected. I understand that that Senator is will-
ing to withdraw that objection for the purpose of
having it considered; and I should like to take it
up and explain the matter. It is a plain and sim-
ple proposition. I want it acted on to-day, if pos-
sible.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts
that as, by order of the Senate, the bill has been
refetred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
that committee must be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration before it can be properly be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
44) to promote the efficiency of the volunteer
forces of the United States was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. This is a bill which has not been
considered in committee. Then; is one provision
in it for the discharge of officers of the volunteers
who are State officers. I have no apprehension
that the President would abuse sucli a power; yet
I question somewhat the propriety of authorizing
him to do so without trial or examination. I do
not like to give the arbitrary discretion to dis-
charge an officer from the service, if he is a State
officer, holding his position under the Governor
of a State. So far as the regulars are concerned,
it may be made to apply to them. 1 have doubt
about the jjower. I have not examined the bill
at all.
Mr. WILvSON. The proposition, Mr. Presi-
dent, is certainly a very plain and simple one. I
think that it ought to be sustained and become
the law of the land. The good of the country, if
not the salvation of the country, requires it. We
have summoned into the field a vast force of vol-
unteers; we are to call into the field many more,
for we have authoiiztd the President to call into
the field five hundred thousand men. That force
will make five hundred regiments. The fact is,
•and no man can deny it, that some of the officers,
both field and company officers, that have been
appointed, arc wholly unfit to command or lead
men into any battle-field. The conduct of some
of the officers in this city during the past ninety
'flays has been discreditable m the extreme. They
have demoralized the corps to which they are
attached. I have seen regiments come into this
city and stand for hours in a burning sun or in
storms of rain without provisions, without com-
forts of any kind, while some of their officers were
gathering around the hotels and spending their
time in eating good dinners and drinking cham-
pagne. I have visited the camps about this city;
I have seen the sufferings of the men, enough to
make one's heart ache, through the neglect and
utter incompetency of some field and company
officeis. Sir, the fruits of this conduct arc now
before us. The utter rout the other day is only
the legitimate fruit of the incapacity of many of
the field and company officers connected with the
volunteers. In my judgment, the time has come
—and U is a duty that rises above all personal
considerations—to weed these men out of the
Army at the earliest possible moment. The idea
of trying them by court-martial is simply absurd.
The cases demanding action arc too many, and the
hours arc too precious, for courts-martial. Most
of the field and company ofllcersfof the volun-
teers are loyal, brave, devoted. Tlrcy are actuated
by lofty motives and ever ready to give their time
and their blood to the cause of their country; but
some men, utterly unfitted for their positions,
have received commissions. Such men should be
forced from positions they do not or cannot fill.
I am willing to clothe the President with this
power. It is a great power; it is a power he
would only exercise in case of necessity. He
would not like to do it; no man would like to do
it. If the power is conferred on him, he will not
excicise it once where he ought to excrcisc it
twenty times for the good of the country. No
man would ever do it as often as he ought to do
it. Let these officers know that when human
lives aie put into their hands, when American
citizens have left their homes at the call of their
country for the field, they are to be cared for;
they are to be watched over as tenderly as babes
in their cradles; that they arc to be instructed; that
they are to be fitted to meet the enemies of their
country.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me? I do not understand
that there is any motion before the Senate. If
there is, it is a motion to refer the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I thought the Senator
from New York made a motion to refer it.
ThePRESIDENTyiro/mpwe. The Committee
on Military Affairs were discharged by a vote of
the Senate from the further consideration of the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the condition of
the bill altogether differently from the Chair.
The Senator from California objected to the con-
sideration of the bill when it was introduced by
the Senator from Massachusetts. He afterwards
withdrew that objection, leaving the bill precisely
where it was. I heard somebody say it had been
refened to the Committee on Military Affairs; but
it never was referred there by order of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Yes it was; and the commit-
tee were discharged by the vote of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. You may have it so entered;
but it was never ordered by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
shows that the bill was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and that the committee have
been discharged, on motion, from its considera-
tion. It is now before the Senate, being consid-
ered by unanimous consent. The Chair expressly
stated that it could be considered only by unani-
mous consent; and no objection was made. The
Senator from Massachusetts has the lloor.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand that there
is objection to the consideration of the proposi-
tion at this time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that there is
a question of constitutional law involved, whether
the power can be placed in the hands of the Pres-
ident to discharge officeis who aie appointed by
the Governors of States; and it is a very serious
question. It ought to bo referred to and consid-
ered by some committee, if it is not a power
that is possible to be granted, there is no neces-
sity for going into a discussion of the question at
the present time.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Chair is right. I
am entitled to the floor.
What I wanted to say to the Senate was, thai
the men whom we have summoned into the field
have in many cases been officered by incompetent
men, and not only incompetent men, but men
whose conduct has been such as to reflect disgrace
upon themselves,upon their commands, and upon
the country. Why, sir, there are regiments in
the service, that everybody knows, who knows
anything about the sxtbject, have been demoral-
ized by the conduct, inefficiency, or neglect of their
officers. Sir, these facts are before the country,
and I say the time has come to remedy the evils
if they can be remedied.
Now, sir, the power we- propose to put in the
President, plain and simple, is this: that he may
remove these officers on proper representation for
incompetency,incapacity, or neglectof duty. Iam •
willing to trust that power in the hands of the
President. I think he ought to have it. There
are very able men who say he has got it now. He
has been asked by the Governors of States to
exercise that power. Ithas been a matter of con-
sultation, and«some of the most eminent military
men in the country say that he has the power and
ought to exercise it; but if there be a doubt about
that power, I suppose the President would not
wish to exercise it. I know, however, that men
eminent in the service; men who have conducted
themselves in a manner that reflected honor on
the country; men who stood on the battle Held,
and led their men, believe that the good of the
service would be promoted clothing the Pres-
ident with this power. I-Ie would exercise it per-
haps raiely; but the knowledge that he had that
power would spur these men to do their duty.
They would feel that if they neglected their duty,
if they neglected to inform themselves properly,
the Prcsidentof the United States, without going
through the proccssof a court-martial, would dis-
charge them from the public service, and their
places would be filled according to the existing
laws of the country; those laws being that men
may elect their own company officers, and the
company officers elect their own field officers.
Now, sir, that many of these men ought to leave
the service nobody can doubt. The ideaof ever
organizing a$ army, and leading on to the field
regiments and companies under men who have
not yet joined their regiments up to this hour, is
absurd. Why, sir, you have only to go to the
camps and the streets, and you find men strolling
about, not knowing where their captains or their
colonels are. You find colonels and captains and
officers strolling about your hotels, that have not
gone to the placcs where they belong. I say the
time has come to arrest this thing. I go further,
and I say that the time has come to organize the
forces that come into this city into brigades, and
to insist that there shall be daily squad drills,
company drills, and battalion drills; and that the
brigades shall daily, or at least three or fourtimes
a week, be brought together and learned to coop-
erate. In your battle—I will not call ita battle—
your series of skirmishes the other day, in which
there was evinced as much bravery as was ever
displayedon this continent—on that occasion, the
very fact that the men had not been brigaded until
within a few days, and their officers had not learned
to cooperate, prevented any large, powerful, and
concentrated movements; and to-day, sir, while
you have regiments lying all around you, they
are not brigaded, not organized. Regiments are
lying around—some of them doing nothing to per-
fect themselves for the object for which they were
brought here; in some cases through the igno-
rance of their officers, and in others, because of
their neglect of duty. I do not reproach men for
their inexperience; but I do reproach them for
neglecting their duties.
Mr. CLARK. Whose fault is it that they are
not brigaded ?
Mr. WILSON. The fault in that case goes
higher than these regimental or company officers.
I speak of it here as a thing that ought to be cor-
rected. I go further, and I think the time has
come when it ought to bo spoken of m Congress
and everywhere else. I think the time has come
when the brave men who want to do right should
not he led on to batteries to be shot to pieces; that
our advancing columns should have with them
parks of artillery, led by skillful men.
Now, sir, we have authorized the President to
call out half a million men; we have made large
appropriations; we have called men into the field
