242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
world to having the bill referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I wanted to bring the mat-
ter before the Senate; and to state the reasons for
the bill, and have Senators reflcct upon them.
Now, sir, a single word before the bill goes over,
in answer to the Senator from Iowa. That Sen-
ator thinks the bill will have a most disastrous
result;, and he draws a vivid picture hereof its
effects. Now, I say to that Senator, with all re-
spect—for I have a great deal of respect for his
opinion—that some of the most eminent civilians
and military men in the country desire it; men
who have been upon the field of battle, Governors
of States. Yesterday I had a visit from Governor
Sprague, who led two regiments the other day in
battle, and who came especially to see me in re-
gard to this subject. ~
Mr. GRIMES. He had full power himself.
Mr. WILSON. He had not the slightestpower.
- He could not control a man in the service. They
are in the service of the United States, not in the
service of Rhode Island. He said that this power
was of vital importance; that every day he felt its
effects. He ana his leading officers have made his
regiments pattern regiments; and still he said in
those very regiments this power could be exer-
cised by the President temperately with the most
beneficial results. There is no doubt about that.
There are military men,eminent men, who believe
that the power ought to be exercised. There are
civilians in the highest position in the Govern-
ment to-day who think this power ought to be
exercised, and that it would have a salutary in-
fluence if the President was clothed with the
power.
The Senator from Iowa asked me, if I have wit-
nessed what I have stated, why I have not acted
sooner? In the volunteer bill the Senator will find
a section prepared expressly to reach this ease;
but it is believed that the section is not complete
for the purpose; and therefore I have introduced
this bill, on consultation with some of the most
eminent men in the Government of the country,
and some of the most eminent men in the field,
who think it would be a wise provision to allow
the President to muster out of the service those
who neglect their duty, or who prove utterly in-
competent. As to the question of proof, of course
the President wijl not do this thing hastily, or in
a cruel or unkind manner; but he will do it on the
proper proofs being presented of the neglect of
such officers.
Mr. 1MCE. Mr. President, it is well known
to the Senate that so far as my humble efforts
were used heretofore, they were used for the pres-
ervation of peace; that I did all in my power to
prevent war. I belonged to the anti-war party.
\Var, however, has been brought upon us. The
disasters, calamities, and distresses that will fol-
low, no man can foresee. It is not for us here
now, when the enemy arc within a few hours'
march of the capital, to look back or to indulge
in persona! remarks on this iloor. Our constit-
uents do not expcct us to expend the tune given
to us in making speeches. They expect us to
act. They have decided upon a war policy, and it
is for us to say whether the war shall be piopcrly
piosccutcd. If it is to be prosecuted, it must be
done vigorously, and it is for us to furnish the
means, ihe men,and the money,and to leave the
details to the Administration. The President,
his Cabinet, and the high officers of the Army,
have been engaged for weeks in consulting the
best military talent m relation to the prosecution
of the war, and the best business men of the
country as to the means of raising money. They
have perfected the details; and if we approve of
the general policy, it is for us to give them power
to carry out the details. Wo have no time to
enter into petty discussions. I, Democrat as I
am, will give my vote and my support to the Ad-
ministration in carrying out the details of its
policy, so far as the necessary war measures are
concerned.
In pursuing this course, I am properly repre-
senting the spirit of the State in whose name I
speak. Minnesota pursued no cold, calculating
policy; but with impulsive loyalty she was among
the foremost to tender her gallant sons for the sei-
vice of the country, and gallantly they acquitted
themselves on the field of battle. In the express-
ive language of an emphatic Senator, who wit-
nessed the dreadful carnage, they il fought like
devils." Their heroism is the theme of every
tongue; and individual cases of courage and en-
durance are described that have no parallel in
Greek or Roman story. My course, then, is no
equivocal one. I give the aid of whatever sup-
port I can command to the Administration, and
to the General-in-Chief, to whom the eyes of the
Republic are now directed with gratitude and con-
fidence, The laurels are unfaded that have hith-
erto garlanded his brow, and we shall dishonor
the Republic's Senate House if we fail to furnish
him with all necessary aid, that he may add tri-
umphs to grace our history, to enhance his re-
no wn, and to restore peace to a bleeding country.
In him and in the Administration I am disposed
to yield a becoming confidence. We cannot trust
ourselves, for we are not military men. We have
learned, from the discussions of days past, into
what difficulties we have brought ourselves; and
I trust we shall abstain from unnecessary debate
and personal animadversions, and leave the con-
duct of the officers of the Army and the soldiers
to the generals, and to the Administration, who
have a direct supervision of their conduct. This
is no time for us to be fiddling; it is no time for
us to be swapping jack-kmvcs when the ship is
sinking. Give the Administration the power it
asks for, especially as we have indorsed its pol-
icy; and when Congress shall meet again in De-
cember, if we find that it has been incompetent to
manage public affairs, it will then be time for us
to looic more closely into details, and apply a
remedy.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I ask, by common con-
sent, that a bill from the House of Representatives
may be taken up, which needs immediate atten-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) By unanimous consent, the bill
now before the Senate may be laid aside, and the
bill referred to by the Senator from Maine taken
up. The Chair hears no objection.
BALTIMORE POLICE FORCE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance report back, with amendments,the bill (H.
It. No. 7G) to provide for the payment of the po-
lice force organized by the United States for the
city of Baltimore. It is important that the bill
should be passed at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill may
now be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. PEAllCE. Has that bill been reported
back from the Committee on Finance?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was so stated
by the Senator fiom Maine.
Mr. PEAllCE. There has been no meeting of
the Committee of Finance, of which I am a mem-
ber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has not been; but
I have consulted some of the members of the
committee.
Mr. PEAllCE. I must object to the bill being
acted on to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator have
the kindness to look at it, and see whether he will
persist in his objection?
Mr. PEAllCE. I have heard something of it.
There is no necessity for passing; it to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 can state to the Sena-
tor that the time of the police in the city of Bal-
timore is up to-morrow, and there is no provision
for pay ing them. The city of Baltimore does not
choose to pay them in any way.
Mr. PEARCE. It cannot pay them. It has
no authority to do so.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Vt;ry well; be itso. Their
time is out to-morrow, and it is necessary that we
should pay them, or perhaps they may be dis-
charged and refuse to serve, leaving the city of
Baltimore without any police at all, and necessa-
rily subjecting it to military discipline. If the
Senator, under these circumstances, wants to put
the hill oil', it is for him to judge; he has the
power to do it by his objection.
Mr. PEAllCE. I was not aware of the fact
that these policemen would be dischaiged to-mor-
row unless this bill were passed. It is rather a
hard ca^"; but it is a choice of evils. If this bill
be not passed, I understand the troops will be
quartered in the city again, and guards placed
around the public places in the city—at the Bat-
tle Monument, at the custom-house, at the post
office', and other important public points, and
cannon planted in the streets. I suppose that is
the plan, as was the case some three or four weeks
ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not say that neces-
sarily follows; but I say the discharge of the
police, leaving the city of Baltimore without any
protection, may possibly lead to that, and proba-
bly will.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, Mr, President, I have
just received such information, and under these
circumstances, I shall not make the obiection to
the consideration' of the bill to-day which I had
intended; but I want to excludc any conclusion,
from my consent to itsbeing acted on to-day, that
I approve of the system of the military police of
the city of Baltimore; of the suspension of the
civil authorities of the State; and of this Govern-
ment undertaking by its authority to do that which
I believe belongs- solely to the authority of the
State. .Neither do I mean to admit that there is
any necessity in fact for such interference with
the city police, I yield to' necessity, to avert what,
it seems to me, would be still more irritating to
the people th-aiv this measure, I wish that under-
stood, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say that I had the
consent of those of the committee whom I con-
sulted. I am sorry I did not see my friend from
Maryland about it.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it was due to me, as is
concerned my State and its ehief city.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will, by way of apology,
withdraw it now, so that the Senator may have
time to examine it.
Mr. PEARCE. I waive my objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator to look
at it before it is acted on. J withdraw my motion,
so that he may examine the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does-the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw the bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps that will not be
insisted on. The members of the committee with
whom I consulted—I did not call a meeting—
agreed on one or two amendments, which are
deemed very necessary.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state what the amendments are?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be read. One
of them isv on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to appropriate $40,000 to
enable him to increase the coinage of small gold
coin, which is very much needed. Another is an
appropriation of §5,000 for field signals.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no objection to those
amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill may be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read. It appropriates $100,000
for the maintenance of the poiice force organized
by the United States in the city of Baltimore, of
winch not more than §20,000 is to be expended
in any one month; and the expenditure is to cease
when the police are dismissed from the service of
the United States. The disbursements are to be
made only with the sanction and by the authority
of the commanding general of that military de-
partment.
The amendments of the Committee on Finance
are to insert, as section three:
Jlad be- fmtker enacted, That tbeve be, and hereby is,
appiopriated oat ot any money in tlie Trea«luy not oilier-
vvjsc appiopunted, the following mm*, to wit:
To enable the Mint to faim.Mi such s>mall coins as may
bo rcfjuuccl for the public service, .*$40,000, or so inucte
thereof as may be necessary.
For the niamifaoturc 01 pmcbase of apparatus and equip-
ments. for field signals, §5,000.
And to amend the title by adding thereto: "and
to enable the Mint to furnish small gold coins, and
to provide for the manufacture or purchase of
field signals."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed,, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roIL
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to say, before I
vote, that I shall vote against this bill, for the
reason that I never have believed in the rsecoss-ity
of superseding the late police force. Not seeing
the necessity for that, I vote " nay."
