1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays 6;
as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brownlns, Clark,
Collamei, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttie, Fessenden, Foot. Fos-
tfi, Ginues, Hale, Hailan, Harris, Itowe, Johnson ot Ten-
nessee. King, Latham, j\IcDong;all,IVIon iil,Pomeiov, Siioi-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiuuibull, Wade, Wilkm&on,
and Wiimor—29.
NAYS—Mesj-id. Johnson of Missoun, Kennedy, Pearce,
Polk, Powel^ and Saulsbury—6.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was so amended as to read,
"An act to provide for the payment of the police
organized by the United States for the city of
Baltimore, and to enable the Mint to furnish
small gold coins, and to provide for the manufac-
ture or purchase of field signals."
EFFICIENCY OF THE VOLUNTEERS.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 44, to promote the efficiency of the volunteer
forces of the United States, is again before the
Senate as in Committee of the "Whole; the pend-
ing question being on the motion to refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BROWNING. I am very glad that the
bill is to cake that direction. I have no doubt it
can be put in a shape that will be both acceptable
and useful; but I wish respectfully to invite the
attention of the committee to whom the bill goes,
to the sixteenth clause of the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution, that they may
consider it in connection with the bill when they
have it before them, so as to make it compatible
with this provision of the Constitution. I shall be
very reluctant to interfere at all with the bill after
it shall have been returned to the Senate by the
committee; and to avoid any interference of that
kind, or any necessity for it, I invite their atten-
tion to that section of the Constitution when the
bill may be before them.
Mr. KING. I alluded to that when I first sug-
gested the question of the power of Congress to
interfere in this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL BUREAUS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution •,
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in-
stiucted to inquire into the ('\pedieney ofpiovulmg bylaw
that heads of bureau- in the Navj- .Department be appointed
for a limited term of years.
OBJECT 01? TIIE WAR.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the Seriate, That the present deplorable civil
w.u hUo been torced upon the country by the disumuni:^
of the southern State*, now m aims n<Min--t the constitu-
tional Government, and 111 aim-mound the capital: that in
tin;; national emeigeney, Conejos, banishing all leelmgij
of meie passion or resentment, will uncollect only its duty
to the whole country; that this war is not washed on their
pait in any spirit ot oppre->ion, or lor any puipose of eon-
quest or subjugation, or pui po->o of overtlnow uiij or mter-
fenn<* with the rights or established iii=tituiioii^ ot those
States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution, and topieseive the Urnon with all the dig-
nity, equality, and rights of the sevei.il State*, uniinpaned;
and that as soon as these object-; aie accomplished the wai
ought to cease.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to suggest to him that the word" waged"
should be "prosecuted." It is not " waged" by
us; it is " prosecuted" by us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I accept the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that resolution before
the Senate at this time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was just in- j
troduced. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator I
from Tennessee asked for its present considera- j
tion, to which there was no objection.
Mr. POLK. I did not understand it that way.
I am like the Senator fiom Illinois; if the resolu-
tion comes up now, I wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know what the
usual course is as to the actual manner of present-
ing resolutions. A resolution is presented. Gen-
tlemen do not know what it is. I take it the first
reading is for information. Then should arise
the question whether the Senate will consider it
at this time. In this case the resolution was
presented, and the Chair announced that it should
be read. It was read. I do not understand that
any action was taken by the body that it should
be considered now, or considered at all. I inquire
of the Chair what is the next step after presenting
the resolution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hastily said that the Senate had consented to the
consideration of this resolution to-day. The fact
indeed is, as the Chair revises its recollection, that
the Senator from Tennessee asked the consent of
the Senate to introduce a resolution, and it was
read for information. The Chair then inadvert-
ently said that it was before the Senate for con-
sideration, no objection having been made. The
Chair did not put the question to the Senate after
the resolution was read, whether there was any
objection to its present consideration. That is
the next step, after the introduction of the resolu-
tion and the reading of it, where the mover asks
for its present consideration, to inquire of the
Senate if any member objects to its present con-
sideration, because it requires unanimous consent
to consider it on the day it is offered. That is
the condition of the resolution now, and the
Chair asks the Senate if any member objects to
its consideration ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to stand in the
way of any desire of theSenatorfromTcnncssce;
1 hesitate, therefore, to take advantage of the priv-
ilege which is given to every Senator to make an
objection to the consideration of his resolution;
but I do think, considering its importance, that
it is advisable it should be printed that we should
have an opportunity of reading it carefully, and
considering it well before we act upon it. I there-
fore do make objection to its consideration at this
time. I wish the Senator to understand that it is
with great respect for himself, and with a desire
really to do that which I think the occasion re-
quires. 1 hope the Senator himself will consent
that it should lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no ob-
jection to that.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
45) to make an appropriation for the rebuilding
and repair of the Long Bridge; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. T move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire whether (here is
any business on the table?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing re-
mains of a legislative character.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 24, 1661.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
• MESSAGE i'HOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. .Tohx W. Fop.net, its Secretary, notifying
thcHousc that the Senate had passed a bill (II. II.
No. 64) to refund duties on arms imported by
States;
A bill (S. No. 43) in addition to the Act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public proper-
ty," approved July 23, 18G1; and
A bill (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to
pay the expenses of transporting and delivering
arms and munitions of war to the loyal citizens of
the States, fhe inhabitants of which now are, or
hereafter may be, in rebellion against the Govern-
ment of tiie United States, and to provide for the
expense of oiganizing them into companies, battal-
ions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own pro-
tection against domestic violence, insurrection,
invasion, or rebellion.
CONSULAR REPRESENTATION.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for reports.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 74) to in-
crease the consular representation of the United
States during the present insurrection, and asked
to have it put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint consuls at any
foreign ports where he shall deem it advisable, for
the purpose of prevent piracy, with such compen-
sation, not exceeding §1,500 per annum, as he
shall think proper; to hold their offices, respect-
ively, during the pleasure of the President; and in
every case such compensation to cease with the
restoration of internal peace within the United
States. And the President may, during the present
insurrection, increase the compensation of any
consuls in foreign ports, if he shall deem it neces-
sary, so as not, however, to exceed the sum of
$1,500 in any case; but this power shall cease with
the reestabhshment of internal peace.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third* time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMORED SHIPS, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back the bill (S. No. 36)
to provide for the construction of one or more
armored ships and floating batteries, and for other
purposes, with the following amendments:
After the word "iron," in two places, insert the words
" or steel."
After the word " construction," in the sixth line, add the
words "or completion."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to interpose
ob jection to a bill reported by a committee, but this
bill comes from a committee that is not clothed
with the duty of making appropriations. It has
not gone to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, although it appropriates a very
large sum. We are appropriating, withoutmuch
examination, immense sums this year. I feel great
reluctance to object, but I would rather that it were
inquired into and examined by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late to object to the consideration of the bill at
this time, if that is the point which the gentleman
wishes to make. The bill having been read the
third time, it is now on its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think that that is a bill on
which we should have the yeas and nays; and I
demand the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OE TIIE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back Senate bill No. 20, author-
izing the appointment of an Assistant Secretary
of the Navy, fixing the salary of the same, and
for other pin poses.
The committee reported an amendment, striking
out the provision fixing the compensation of the
Assistant Secretary at the sea pay of a captain in
the Navy, and fixing the salary at $3,000 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on tiie tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL COUPS OF THE NAVY!
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. ;U, to increase the
medical corps of the Navy, and for other purposes.
The committee reported an amendmentto strike
out the second section of the bill, which provides
