1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
■or not, you must, for the purpose of internal tax-
ation and excise, have the whole of this machinery.
We amended the bill from its original shape, so
as to give until the 1st day of April for the States
to notify whether they will assume the amount of
the direct taxes assessed 011 them respectively.
But, if they do assume it, it does not obviate the
necessity for the officers here provided for, be-
cause the States cannot assume and pay the in-
ternal and excise taxes. What they amount to
in the various States will not be known till those
■assessors have performed their labors. We have,
"therefore, extended the time for giving notice of
the States assuming the direct tax from the 1st
of January to the 1st of April, and changed the
-day of payment to the 1st of May, so as to allow
the meeting of the Legislatures, most of which
meet before that time. There are one or two
States—New Hampshire, for instance—that meet
■a little later, in June; but it would not do to post-
pone for too long a time the action of the States.
The necessities of the Government are too great
for that. Besides, it will cost but little for the
State of New Hampshire to call together her Le-
gislature in extra session. Her Legislature, and
those of Vermont and some other States, talk but
little when they meet; and it takes but a day or
two to do all their business. It will, therefore,
bo no great inconvenience for them to meet earlier
than the 1st of April.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
partially meets my design, but not entirely. How-
■ever, with the consent of the committee, 1 will
withdraw my amendment for the present, and will
■endeavor to renew it hereafter, if I deem it neces-
sary.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have an amend-
ment which I will offer to section five. Perhaps
it belongs there as well as anywhere. It is as
follows:
Strike out all of the bill which piovidcs for the appoint-
ment and picacribcs the duties of Government asscisois,
and collectors, and in^eit as follows.
The Secretary of the Trcasuiy shall make requisition
annually upon the Governors of the several States and Ter-
ritories, and on the proper authorities of the District of
•Columbia, for the amounts allotted to be iaised by thorn
respectively undei the provisions of this act; which sum-?
bhall be levied, assessed, and collected in such States, Ter-
ritories, and JDistiict, in tiie manner in which State, terii-
tonal, and District taxes are levied, assessed, and collected
therein seveiaUy; and the allotments f-o collected shall be
paid into the Treasury et the United States in coin or m
Tieasury notes.
Mr. Chairman, reluctant as every gentleman
on this floor will be to vote for this bill, one of the
•most obnoxious—perhaps the most obnoxious-—
of all its features is that which creates an army of
officers whose business it is to collect these taxes.
I cail the attention of the committee to that point,
in order to see whether, in the form of this amend-
ment which I have presented, or in some other ;
tantamount way, we may not be able to expunge
from the bill this feature of it.
The amendment, as the committee will see,
provides that requisitions shall be made upon the |
'Governors of the several States. Well, now, I
sir, it may be said that that is a volunteer office I
for the Governors to perform; and so it will be. j
But the answer to that objection is, that in every '
State where this tax can be collected at all for the
present—not to speak of the future—that requisi- j
tion will be answered by the Governor. It is not 1
obligatory upon the Governors. The same point
was raised under the fugitive slave law of 1793,
which made obligatory upon justices of the peace
the duties of commissioner,'i. The question was :
raised, under that act, that it was unconstitutional
for Congress to impose the duties of United States
'commissioner upon a State officer. The courts
decided that if the justices discharged the duties
of commissioner, it would be a mere voluntary
office on their part; but if they chose to perform
the duty, it would be legitimate for them to do
it. So iu reference to this requirement: wherever
the requisition will be responded to at all, the
Governors of the States will lend the State ma- ■
chinery for the purpose, and thus save the cnor- ;
mous expense of organizing and setting at work I
the Federal machinery for that purpose; and thus i
the most offensive feature of this bill will be saved, j
Now, sir, if this amendment, which has been '
hastily drawn up, can be perfected and adopted, i
or if some member of the Committee of Ways and !
Means will propose a substitute for it that shall j
reach the point I have suggested, I shall be satis-
fied.
It may be said that there will be a difficulty
about the apportionmentand collection of these in-
ternal duties and excise duties. As I understand
the bill, it provides for a specific duty or tax upon
certain commodities. Well, sir, it may be a mat-
ter of difficulty to collect this description of tax
without the intervention of Federal officers; and
if it shall be found impracticable to accomplish
that object, Federal officers may be brought into
requisition; but just so far as the State machinery
can be used for the purpose, will the expense to
the Federal Government be saved, and this ob-
noxious provision to the people be avoided. I
am not at all tenacious as to the manner in which
the object is reached, and hope some member of
the Committee of Ways and Means will suggest
some form by which the point I make may be
met, such as shall be acceptable to that commit-
tee. The committee will understand that to the
extent which expense is avoided in the collection
of this tax, to that extent will the most objec-
tionable feature of the bill be avoided, and to that
extent will the object which both the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and myself
have at heart be accomplished. I think the pro-
vision should be adopted, even though it should
become necessary to make further provision for
the collection of the excise or internal taxes.
Mr. STEVENS. We are all conscious that
this bill is a most unpleasant one. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are conscious that it is
a most unpleasant duty for them to propose such
a measure; and that it must be a most unpleasant
duty for the House to adopt it, if this cup can
pass from them. But, sir, we perceive no way
in which we can avoid it, and sustain the Gov-
ernment. The rebels, who are now destroying or
attempting to destroy this Government, have
thrust upon the country many disagreeable things.
It is unpleasant to send your sons and your breth-
ren to be slaughtered in this unholy war. It is
unpleasant to send the tax gatherer to the door of
the farmers, the mechanics, and the capitalists of
the country to collect taxes for defraying the ex-
penses of this war. All this is disagreeable, and
we all feol it alike. But, sir, both these things
must come, or this Government must soon be
buried in its grave. And, sir, when we have to
choose between these disagreeable duties; when
the annihilation of this Government is the alter-
native on one side, no loyal man can hesitate
which to choose.
Now, sir, a single word in regard to the prac-
ticability of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Cockling.] If it were
practicable, 1 should certainly be in favor of its
adoption. It will be seen by those who have
looked into the provisions of this bill—and it is
to be presumed that very few have, for it was not
printed and open for examination until this morn-
ing—that it provides for two kinds of taxes; one
dircct upon real estate owned by the people, the
amount being apportioned among the people ac-
cording to Federal population under the Consti-
tution. That is provided for in the way suggested
by the gentleman from New York, or in a manner
tantamount to the plan suggested by him, by the
provision that if the States assume the debt within
a given time, then there shall be noassessmentupon
real estate. The thirty-ninth section makes that
provision—I do not expect that members can have
read the whole bill, and therefore I refer to pro-
visions in this way—but we can find no possible
way for commutation of our internal tax or ex-
cise tax. By internal taxes, I mean those levied
upon personal property, such as carriages, horses,
and watches, and excise upon liquors, ns pro-
duced at the distilleries, and commodities of this
kind. I say it is impossible to fix any mode of
commutation for this species of tax, for there is
no possible way of ascertaining the amount to
which each State should be assigned. Some of i
the States have a very large preponderance of this
personal property. The tax will fall particularly |
heavy upon the large cities and upon the older 1
States, while the direct taxes will fall more hear- '
ily upon the n"w States; but as I said, there is no ■
way of asceitaining in advance.what the amount
of this internal tax will be in any one State; nor
can we point out any mode by which the amount
can be ascertained at less expense than that pro-
vided in the bill.
The gentleman from New York has suggested
that a requisition be made upon the Governors of
the States. Well, sir, if they would respond, sM
the Legislatures would carry out the requisition,
that would accomplish the object; but here is the
very difficulty which the bill was framed to meet.
It is the very difficulty which was found under
the old confederation. By the Articles o-f Con-
federation, Congress called upon the different
States to furnish their quota whidh was assessed
upon them. The result was, that some of the
States raised it, while others refused to raise it;
and there was no provision under the Articles of
Confederation of enforcing the requisition. And
it was mainly on account of this great defect that
a convention was called, and the present Consti-
tution framed. That Constitution authorized Con-
gress to call upon the States—not upon the Gov-
ernors or Legislatures of the States, but upon the
people directly. To call upon the States is the
only alternative left us; but the choice we have
presented to the States in relation to direct taxes
cannot be presented in regard to the internal taxes.
I appreciate fully the object of the gentleman from
New York; and if under our Constitution his
plan could be carried successfully into effect, I
would join him in advocating it. But, sir, the
capitalists must be assured that we have laid taxes
which we can enforce, and which we must pledge
to them inpayment of the interest on their loans,
or we shall get no money. For these reasons,
sir, I oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. For the purpose
of enabling me to make a suggestion I will move
to amend my amendment by striking out the last
three words.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I sent
up was, as the committee will see, very crude for
this purpose, and I have risen for the purpose of
testing the sense of the committee to" the end that
if it be the wish that this object shall be attained,
then this bill shall be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, so as to have in-
serted a provision of that kind, or that some other
mode may be taken of arriving at an amendment
which will approximate perfection on this subject.
Now one word in answer to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. He says,
and says rightly I have no doubt, that under the
theory of our Constitution there is no mode within
the grasp of Congress of imposing upon the Exec-
utives of States any such duty as we are talking
about.
But then I said when I was up before, and I
desire to suggest it again now, and I hope the
committee will attend to it, that it is a very wise
thing to provide in this bill, in a case where the
Governor of any State neglects or refuses to per-
form the function requested of him here, that
whenever, by a certain day, he shall not have per-
formed that function, then, and in all such cases,
the President of the United States, or the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury, as the case may be, may-
proceed to apply the theory which is suggested
here. There may be a State like the State of Ken-
tucky, or some other State which stands first upon,
one foot and then upon the other, to ascertain
whether it is going to be loyal or to join in the
rebellion. If for that, or any other reason, the
Executive chooses not to meet the voluntary duty
here set forth, then 1 would provide in the bill, in
that case and all such cases, that the precise ma-
chinery may be set in motion as is provided for
as the bill now stands. It seems to me that the
Committee of Ways and Means, by having this
question presented, if that shall be the sense of
the committee, might adopt an amendment or
amendments, in lieu of that which I have sent up,
which would effect this object, and which would
eradicate from this bill a very large part of the
expense, and dispense with a very large number of
the officers provided for. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, in order to take the sense
of the committee upon the amendment I have
offered.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York, in opposition to his amend-
ment, where he would get the authority to enforce
an act of Congress requiring the Governors of the
different States to carry out the provisions of this
bill?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If I did not an-
