1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
253
an act relative to the revenue marine, to compen-
sation of tSie officers thereof, and for other pur-
poses.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Michigan, (at five minutes before four o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 25, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 10) declaratory of the determination of
Congress to maintain the supremacy of the Gov-
ernment and integrity of the Union; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
47) granting public lands and a loan of the credit
of the Government to the People's Pacific Rail-
road Company, to aid in.the construction of a
railroad from the Missouri river to San Francisco,
on the Pacific coast; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 48) providing1 a commission to examine and
report as to the compensation of all officers of the
Government and for other ^imposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the hill (S. No.
19) to establish a national armory on Rock Island,
in the State of Illinois, ieported it withoutamend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 45) to make an appropriation for the
rebuilding and repair of the Long ij ridge, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
tho subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
46) to provide for the construction of a bridge
across the Potomac river; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James Hamilton, praying that the Navy Depart-
ment may be authorized to avail itself of an im-
provement made by him in machinery for curve-
linear and compound bevel sawing, reported that
its furtherconsideration be postponed until t he first
Monday of December next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island, m relation to the establish-
ment of the United States Naval Academy m that
State, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which way agreed tu.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Arters and
others, citizens of Q,uincy, Illinois, praying the
establishment of an arsenal and armory at that
place, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of citizens of New Jer-
sey, praying that the Naval Academy may be lo-
cated at the city of Perth Amboy, in that State,
asked to be discharged fiom.its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of V. Y. Ralston and
others, citizens of Gluincy, Illinois, praying the
establishment of an arsenal and armory at that
place, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying the establishment of a national
aimory at the Falls of Big Beaver river, in Beaver
county, Pennsylvania, asked to be discharged
from the furtherconsideration thereof; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
20) to provide for the suppression of rebellion
against, and resistance to, the laws of the United
States, and to amend the act entitled "An act to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union," &c., passed February 28,
1795, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr, SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred resolutions of
the Legislature of New York relative to the treaty
with Great Britain, commonly known as the reci-
procity treaty, have had the same under consid-
eration, and have directed me to report it back,
with the recommendation that this whole subject
be postponed to the next session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts, ft om the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reports that the subject-matter
referred to be postponed until the first Monday
of December next.
The motion was agreed to.
INSTRUCTIONS TO MINISTERS.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate aii instiuelion-s l-^ued by the executive
department tooui foreign mimsteis, since tfie 4rh of Mai eh
last, in loferenee io the lebellion now existmgin tiiesouth-
ern portion of the Union, if, in his judgment, the publi-
cation of the same be not incompatible with the public
interest.
CONSULAR FEES.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jlcsol, cih That the Committee on Commeicc be instructed
to impute into the expediency ot so amending the law rel-
ative to consular lees a^ not to lequne the pajmenT ot fees
to eonMils loi more than four tripsin the ye.u, by Amciiean
voxels that run i egulai iy, either weekly, monthly, oi other-
wise, between foieign puits.
DESTRUCTION 03? NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a
resolution inquiring into the circumstances attend-
ing the surrender of the navy-yard at Pensacola,
and the destruction of United States property at
the navy-yard at Norfolk and the abandonment
of the same, to report it back with a recommend-
ation that it pass, with two amendments, which
I send to the Chair. I ask that the resolution be
considered at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion and tfie amendments will bo read.
The Secretaty read the following resolution
submitted on the 520th instant, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs :
RcsolreJ, That the Committee on Naval Affairs lie in-
stiuctt'd to luqiuie into tiie circumstances attending the
mukmkIpi of the: nav} yaid at Pensacola, and the distinc-
tion ot tiie pioperty of the United tftate* at the navy-vaid
at Noi sol k, and the abandonment of the «an e by tlie ioic c&
ot the United State's, and to impuie opoci.illyifiheie was
any default in eititer case on the pai t of any officer of the
United Stfttes; and that said committee be empowered to
>oud tor peuons and papers, and that they be authorized
to Mt dm nt« the os' Conpie&s; and hnthor, that they
be allowed to devolve all 01 a portion oi these inqunie^ on
a sub-committee of then own members, if they shall deem
it expedient.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out the woids "Committee 011 Naval Af-
fair,"and insert "a select committee of three,
to be appointed by the Chair."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the resolution, "and that they have power to
employ a clerk.5'
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to hear the
resolution read as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the resolution subject
to further amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is open to futiher amendment. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suggest that, while we
are inquiring into the destruction of property at
the navy-yards at Norfolk and Pensacola, weaiso
inquire into the destruction of property at Har-
per's Ferry. I move to insert, " and the armory j
at Harper's Ferry" in the proper place.
• Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that amend-
ment. The reason that we did not propose it
was, that the Committee on Naval Affairs, from
whom the resolution comes, did not consider
themselves charged with any inquiry in relation
to the military affairs of the Government. As it
is to be devolved upon a select committee instead
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I have no
objection to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
mentof the Senator from Illinois is, after the word
" Norfolk," to insert, "and at the armory at
Harper's Ferry."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of three, to be appointed
by the Chaii.be in&tiucted to inquire into the circurn-
j stances attend in<* the sin render of the navy-yaid at Pensa-
; cola, and the destruction of the property of the United
j States at the navy-yard at Norfolk, and at the armory at
{ Ilai pen'#. Feirv, and the abandonment ot the same by the
| forces of the United States, and to inquire especially if
there was anv default in either case on the part of any of-
i licei of the United States 5 and that said committee be em-
1 powered to send for persons and papers, and that thev be
authonzed to sit during the recess of Congiess; and further,
that fliey be allowed to devolve all oi a portion of these in-
quiries on a sub committee of their own members, if they
shall deem it expedient; and that they have power to employ
a clerk.
INDEMNIFICATION 03? STATES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 69) to indemnify the States for expenses in-
curred by them in defense of the United States,
and to ask for its present consideiatiou.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the Governor of any State,
or to his duly authorized agents, the costs,
charges, and expenses, properly incurred by such
State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supply-
ing, arming, equipping, paying, and transporting
its troops employed m aiding to suppress the
present insurrection against the United States, to
be settled upon proper vouchers to be filed and
passed upon by the proper accounting- officers of
the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THE TARIFF BILL. •
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Financc to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 51) to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay the interest of the public debt, and
for other purposes, with a Substitute, to strike out
all after the enacting clause; and if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to consider it now, I will ex-
plain its provisions and purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, leports back House bill No. 54, for the
raising of revenue, accompanied by an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute forthe whole bill,
and asks for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. HALE. Unless it is very urgent, I feel
constrained to say that I do not like to vote on
such a bill without having it printed, so that we
can see what it is.
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been printed and laid
on Senator's tables for about a week.
Mr. HALE. The substitute?
Mr. SIMMONS. The substitute was printed
three or four days ago. However, I have no ob-
jection to its going over.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over. I thought it was
a new substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator fiom New Hampshire object?
Mr. HALE. I do, unless the Senator*from
Rhode Island says it is absolutely necessary to-
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
from Rhode Island can explain the objects, and
then it can be printed lie desires to make some
explanation in regard to it. I suppose there is no
objection to that.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the present consideration of
this bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. It has been said that the
substitute has been printed; but I desire to know
