254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 25,
whether the substitute now offered is the same
that was printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a very slight amend-
ment in reference to the first section of the bill;
but it does not change the amount of duties
scarcely at all; and 1 do not know that it does a
cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
bein^made to the consideration of the bill at this
timjr, it is before the Senate as in Committee of the
WJ(ole, the question being upon the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance; and upon
ttaat question the Senator from Rhode Island has
|he floor.
f" Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to present some of
0 the considerations that induced the committee to
change the character of the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. The bill of the
House proposes additional specific duties upon
three or four of the leading articles of consump-
tion in the country, to wit; tea, coffee, sugar, and
KHolasses, with some slight variation of the duties
on spices, amounting, perhaps, in all, to $50,000,
so far as these four articles are concerned. A s near
as the committee could ascertain the results of the
bill as it came from the House, it would yield an
additional revenue of #20,000,000 to what we now
collect; and although I suppose it has not been
of sufficient interest to the people generally to
recollect what was saidabout the taiiff that passed
last spring, I will restate what the committee con-
cluded that tariff would yield. It was supposed,
when the duty on tea and coffee was in, it would
yield $05,000,000 on an annual importation of
$325,000,000; but the duty on tea and coffee being
stricken out, there was a reduction of §5,000,000,
leaving the bill, as it now stands upon the statute-
book, to yield about $60,000,000 on an importa-
tion of$325,000,000. Three hundred and twenty-
five million was taken as the basis, because that
was the average importation of the four preceding
years.
The substitutenowpresentedlevies vorynearly,
if not quite, the same duty on all the articles in-
cluded m the House bill, except sugar. There
we reduce. The duty on sugar by the substitute
of the Committee on Finance is 2 cents a pound;
by the House bill it is 2| cents a pound on raw
sugar, and 3 cents on clayed sugar; and, by the
way, the importation of clayed sugar amounts to
only 1,000,000 pounds. We did not think it
worth while to make any distinction. Out of
700,000,000 pounds imported, there is only about
1,000,000 pounds of clayed sugar. Tlmtwill make
a reduction on what the House would have raised
on these imported articles of about §800,000 or
$1,000,000. To make' that up and to get addi-
tional revenue we propose to add ten per cent, on
all dutiable schedules, and to the free schedules,
except the leading articles I have justenunicrated.
To these we add nothing; but on all the other
articles on which duties are now imposed, we add
ten per cent., unless where the addition of Ion per
cent, to the present duly would make it more
than fifty per cent., and in those cases it is not
added. The importation of the articles thus in-
creased amounting to about $260,000,000, this
would give us an additional duty of §20,000,000.
Then deducting the $1,000,000 which'we take off
sugar, we have an addition to the House bill of
$25,000,000; so that if these estimates arc any-
where near correct, the substitute reported by
the Committee on Finance, as an addition to the
present law, will give an annual revenue of
$105,000,000 on customs.
I do not know that the Committee on Finance
has formally prepared any estimate of the ex-
penditures of the Government. My own opm- .
ion is, that the annual expenses of the Go\em-
inent, when these troubles have subsided, will lie
jji8O,OOO,O0O, and that the interest on the public
debt will be from ^25,000.000 to $30,000,000, !
supposing them to be terminated, as 1 suppose
they will be terminated, before a great while.
That will make an annual expenditure of fiom
$105,000,000 to $1 JO,000,000, and to meet ourex- 1
penses, and to pay the interest on the public debt,
X believe the House of Rcpresoutabves are ma- |
Hiring a plan for laising an additional amount of ;
money fur the pubhcTreasury by different forms |
of taxation, f believe it is the duty of Con^nss ,
to raise §20,000,000 in addition to what is pro-
posed to be raised by this impost bill; and it is !
my deliberate judgment, having given this subject ;
some considerable attention, that the only proper
form, in addition to such a duty as we recom*
mend, for raising these ^20,000,000 or $25,000,000
is the form of a tax on incomes. Let us tax prop-
erty, in the last resort, when we have to reach
the poor as well as the rich, people of small means
as well as those who have large; but I do not be-
lieve this country has come to a pass to be driven
to_a resource of such extreme measures. 1 think,
with what we can collect by a moderate duty on
importations and a moderate tax on incomes ex-
ceeding $1,000, we can meet all the exigencies of
the public service, loaded down as it will be by this
wicked rebellion.
Many people will believe—in fact, almost every-
body believes, that the taxation we imposed last
year was enormous. Such has been the current
of the public press since that bill was passed,
that unless the people have studied it carefully
they have been misled with reference to the im-
positions contained in that law. I have taken
some pains to ascertain what has been the history
of our finances. In all the labor I have been able
to bestow on the subject, I have been unable to
find any table in a condensed form reaching back
more than forty years. Now I want to state, that
the public may know, if they will ever read what
I do say, what has been our impost system for
the last forty years in the history of this Govern-
ment. We have had a great many changes in it.
I will begin with the year 1821.
Prom 1821 to 1828, the average rate of duty
iipon the dutiable imports was 36'.GO per ccnt.—a
little over 36]-; and upon the whole importa-
tions of the country, including the free list, 34.43
per cent. I suppose I may as well leave out
these hundredths, for they are of no consequence.
From 1828 to 1832, the duties were 41.16 per cent,
on the dutiable goods, and 38.32 on the whole
importations. From 1832 to the end of ]833, two
years, the duties on the dutiable goods were 44.24,
and upon the whole importations 33 per cent.
Tea and co(fee were made free in that tariff, which
made a great disparity between the whole import-
ations and the dutiable goods. From the 1st of
January, 1834, to 1842, the period that was known
as the operation of the compromise tariff, the
average of duties on dutiable goods was 29.65 per
cent., and on the whole importation 15.42 per
cent. That act made a very large addition to the
free lists. We had an oversowing Treasury, and
the only object and purpose of that tariff act was
to relieve the Treasury of that surplus. From
1842 to 1846, the average duties on the dutiable
importations were 3G.60, aud on the whole im-
portations, 26.73 per cent. From 1847 to 1857,
including both yeais, the average was 26.03 on
dutiable goods, and 22.per c-mt. on the whole
importations. From 1857 to 1861, three and two
thirds years, the average amount collected on the
entiie importation was 14,1 per cent., and about
16 or 17 per cent. on the dutiable goods. I did not
go into that calculation.
That, sir, is our actual experience. Uhe rates
of duty upon the entire importation for forty years
have ranged from about 14} to 38 per cent., some
being; more discriminating than others; and I say,
notwithstanding what the newspapers write on
the subject, that our present tariff act, with the
addition proposed by the Committee on Finance,
is a fair medium for the forty years. I have not
ciphered it out, but I can tell pretty near by read-
ing these flames over. The duties on the dutiable
schedules under the tat iff act of 1846, wl^eh lasted
eleven years,averaged 30j, percent., and upon the
whole importations 27 per cent. That was the
rate specified in the schedules. We collected only
22 per cent., but that was the provision of the (aw.
There were a great many evasions under it. Then,
under the act of 1857, the imposition was 17^ per
cent., on the dutiable goods, and 16 percent.upon '
the whole impoitations.
The tai iff act now on tlv statute-book is com-
posed of .some specific dutjes, us well as ad valo-
remand [ w.ll give a comparison of the lates,
prefacing that the duties on brandies and spnits
rnn in thai bill from 33}, up to perhaps 66-f per
cent.—making an average of 50 percent. That is
schedule A in the tariff. Then the wine duties are
40 per cent. That is schedule B under the act we
passed lastscssion. There is another schedule of
30 per cent., embracing silks; another of 25 per
cent.; another of 20, 15, 10, and 5 per cent. The
average of these duties on the dutiable goods is 24
per cent.; on the entire schedules, 21-2- per cent.
That is the bill of last year, which is called a bill
of such dreadful duties. The committee propose
to add on 10 per cent.—making 31-^ percent. The
average rate of duty under the tariff bill of 1846,
which was in operation for eleven years and against
which there was no complaint, was 30 per°cent,
and a fraction—1 per cent, less than this with the
fractions.
Now, the only purpose I have in making these
explanations, is to show, by actual demonstration,
that so far as rates of duty are concerned, this
bill is a medium between the lowest point and the
highest point, the lowest point being between fif-
teen and twenty, and the highest forty-four. Evi-
dently, this is a fair medium, and yet, 1 suppose
we shall be considered exceedingly extravagant
in trying to replenish our Treasury.
I agree that that rate of duty is more than I
should be willing to impose upon the consump-
tion of the country for a series of years. It is not
needed as an incidental benefit to any great lead-
ing interest of the country. I think that was suf-
ficiently provided for in the original bill that was
intended to raise $65,000,000, and therefore there
is a provision in the second section of the substi-
tute that, whenever the public exigencies shall
justify it, this addition of ten per cent, shall be
taken off by proclamation, so as to bringit down
to where it is now, except the duty on tea and
coffee, which 1 say will be permanent. 1 have
no objection to taxing liquors as much as any gen-
tleman suggests, and I have no particular choice
about this bill. It is subject to amendment, and
I shall not cavil about any that is offered. I
merely designed to explain what were our views;
and as I believe I have possessed the Senate of
the principal points in it, I do not know that I
need weary their patience with any further ex-
planation.
Mr. HALE. How about works of art?
Mr. SIMMONS. If a work of art is accom-
panied by a certificate that the man who made it
was an American, we allow it to come in free, if
it is imported as a matter of taste, and not for
sale. I tried to rcspcct the feelings of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The exigencies that called upon the committee
for this increase of indirect taxation are known
to the country; and I believe the people will cheer-
lully bear this imposition. I was going to make
some allusion to what has transpired since we
have been here, showing the additional necessity
of providing this revenue without much delay. I
do not know what to call the sort of precipitate
retreat from Ccntrevillc that some of our soldiers
made the other night; but I believe it is going to
make it much more difficult for us to negotiate
loans than if they had stood their ground, which
they would have done if they had not been or-
dered peremptorily from the field. Soldiers must
obey orders, whatever their opinion may be of
their propriety. I suppose I have done as all
other Senators have done who had troops in the
field from the States they represent. When the
troops of Rhode Island returned, I repaired to
the camp to inquire of their welfare; and the un-
varnished tale of the unlettered soldier was pre-
cisely like the conversation of the scientific and
accomplished officer. They all told the same
story; and that was a story of valor and firmness
and endurance that any men might be proud of.
I have iieai d a great deal of criticism on this battle
in the streets. 1 am not a military man; but if
theie is any parent mourning the loss of a child
m the Rhode Island regiments, I shall say to them
heie, as at home: weep not, but rather rejoice
that one who sprung from your loins has partici-
pated in this conlUct, which was waged in de-
fense of the most beneficent Government our race
ever knew, and was worthy of Rome in her Fa-
bian age, or of Lacedcemon m the days of Leon-
idas. It is to pay for services in such a cause
that these exactions arc made upon the people of
the country. They ought to be resolved upon
by Senatois. They ceitainiy will be responded
to by thcr constituents.
Wo were told by nearly, if not quite all the
press and the people of the country, before wo
came here, that it was our duty to pass all neces-
sary laws, and go home in a week or ten days. I
think that such a crisis as this demands of every
patriot the study of everymcasure with the utmost
attention.
