258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Missouri, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE (when his name was called) said; 1
ask the Senate to excuse me from voting for any
measure that may be brought before the Senate
that is not of a legislative character.
The result was then announced—yeas 4, nays'
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Johnson of Missouri, Kennedy, Polk,
and Saulsbury—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Clark,
Collamei, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittie, Fessenden, Foster,
Grime#, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson of Tennes-
see, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Morriii, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey, Wilmot,
and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the resolution. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, there is a
portion of the phraseology of this resolution which
does not exactly meet my approbation. It now
reads:
" That the present deplorable civil war has been forced
upon the country by thedisuuionists of the southern States
now in revolt against the constitutional Government, and
in at ins aiound the capital."
Now, the persons who brought on this revolt
are not in arms around tho capital. I think the
head and front of it was at Charleston, South Car-
olina Another thing: I do not care to put it on
the records of the country thatanybody is in arms
about the capital. I am sorry they are as near
the capital as they are supposed to be. I think
those words, 64 and in arms around the capital"
had better be stricken out.
There is another portion of the resolution which
does not meet my approbation, which declaies:
"That this wcu is not prosecuted on our part in any hjmit
of nppiossJnn, nor for any puipo-ic of conquest or subjuga-
tion.1''
Now, sir, I trust this war is prosecuted for tho
purpose of subjugating all rebels and traitors who
are m arms against the Government. What do
you mean by 44 subjugation \ know that per-
sons in the southern States have sought to make
this n controversy between States and the Federal
Government,and have talkedaboutcocrcingStates
and subjugating Slates; but, sir, it has never been
proposed, so far as 1 know, on the part of the
Union people of the United States, to subjugate
States or coerce States. It is proposed, however,
to subjugate citizens who are standing out in defi-
ance of tiie laws of the Union, and to coerce them
into obedience to the laws of the Union. 1 dislfice
that word in this connection. In its broadest
sense I am opposed to it. If it means the war is
not for the purpose of the subjugation of traitors
and rebels into obedience to the laws, then I am
opposed to it. I trust the war is prosecuted for
that very purpose. 1 move to strike out the words
"and in arms around the capital," and also the
words " or subjugation."
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I hope those words will not be stricken out. I
think the resolution sets forth what is literally
true. Are not these revolted States in arms mound
the capital? No longer ago than last Sunday the
capital was within the sound of tho roar of their
eannon. Does not thatseom as if they wore around
the capital? The resolution simply states a fact,
and that the intention is to preserve the Consti-
tution, to enforce the laws, and to preserve the
Government. They are now in arms around the
capital, and the roar of musketry and artillery is
almost within our hearing, or has but scarcely
coased. Jt was heard no longer ago than last
Sunday.
The intention of the resolution was to state what
is literally true. If the Constitution is supreme
and is sustained, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof are enforced, everybody must comply, and
rebels will be made to know their places and to
take their true position in the country. If you
assert the supremacy of the Constitution and the
laws made in pursuance thereof, of course all
those in rebellion against them must submit, and
they are subjugated. Of course, the resolution
contemplates the enforcement of the laws and a
submission of the rebels to the laws and the Con-
stitution. The-resolution simply states that we
are not waging a war for the subjugation of States.
If the Constitution is maintained and the laws
carried out, the States take their places and all ,
rebel citizens must submit. That is the whole
of jt.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it would be acceptable
to the gentleman, I should like to strike out the
words "and in arms around the capital," and
insert " in arms against the Government." I do
not desire to have it understood that the war is to
subdue those who are in arms around the capital.
I am for subduing them everywhere.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I accept your
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. With that amendment, I
am content with the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am .willing
to substitute those words.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in regard
to this word " subjugation," I know that words
are frequently used in political parties as a sort of
catch-words. I can cite you a great many in-
stances in which words have a sort of technical
meaning in parties. Some of them have one mean-
ing with one party, and another with another
party; some of them haveone meaning in one sec-
tion of the country, and another meaning in
another section. They are used for trick, and it
is difficult to meet them. Gentlemen who talk
against 41 subjugation" and against '' coercion,"
have got a sort of technical meaningof those words
on which they ring changes, and by which they
excite the community. You cannot get rid of
that. We use the same word, with the meaning
ordinarily attached to it.
Now, sir, there are gentlemen who insist upon
it that you cannot subjugate a State; and if you
go on to subjugating the people, do not you sub-
jugate the State? hi one sense you do; and in
another you do not. You do not meet it in its
corporate capacity ns a State, but you meet the
people of the State. Now, if these words arc
.stricken out—ar.d you say you do not mean sub-
jugation—you do it to avoid getting into a false
meaning, which it is utterly impossible to avoid.
You can never do it. The idea started by these
gentlemen—I do not propose to argue it over—is,
that you-cannotmako war upon a State; and they
xmdertako to aiguc that, by citing (and we have
hud it cited over and over again at tho last and
the present session of Congress) what was said
by Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Madison, Mr. FJsworth,
and other distinguished gentlemen in the conven-
tion that formed the United States Constitution,
wherein they used those expressions, " that a
State could not he subjugated," &c. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not think any people in the world were
ever more deluded with quotations than the peo-
ple of this country have Deen with those quota-
tions. Those expressions were used in this way:
under the old confederation the General Govern-
ment had no power to make a law at nil; they
could collect nothing in the form of money, ex-
cept through the agencies of the States, and a
part of them would do it, and a part of them
would not; and when our fathers got together
in convention, to form a constitution, and revise
their form of government, the first question was,
whether they could patch up an airangenient
of those old Ai tides of Confederation, so as
to make them elFeetivo as a Government. The
groat question was, whether they were going to
make a Government, or whether they were going
to mend the one they had, such as it was. Mr.
Hamilton, and these other distinguished men,
used all the expressions which are now quoted,
for the purpose of-showing that you could not
mend that confederation so as to make it practi-
cable. They said, so long as the General Gov-
ernment had to use, and was dependent on, the
agencies of the State, it would be, and must be,
a failure. Can we, they asked, constrain these
States to furnish their contributions'5 If you do
constrain them, it must be by arms; and that is
a civil war at once, and will be the end of the
very Government you are trying to carry into
effect. All these quotations that are made from
those men were used to persuade the convention
to abandon the idea of sustaining and mending
those Articles of Confederation; and to those alone
arc they applied. They did have their effect.
Our fathers abandoned that idea. They made an
independent Government, with power to make its
own laws, and execute them upon individuals;
and now these quotations aie wrested fiom their
places—perverted from their purposes for the pur-
pose of applying them to this form of Govern-
ment, made to avoid that very contingency.
There is the perveision in which they are used.
They have nothing to do with the present form
of Government. They were made to induce them
to avoid the imperfect form of the old confedera-
tion, and to form this one of an entirely different
character. Our Government has nothing to do
with the agencies of the States to carry out the
decrees and laws. It carries nhem out, operating
upon the people through its own agencies, its
own organs.
Now, when gentlemen cavil and talk about this
word subjugation, they mean subjugation of
States; they mean that their people shall thus un-
derstand it, so that they can avail themselves of
these perverted quotations. Mr. President, I am
for subjugation, in the sense in which that word
is ordinarily received. I do not mean its classic
meaning. I know its literal, classic meaning is
to pass under the yoke, sub juga. I propose to
pass nobody under the yoke; but in the ordinary
and popular acceptation of that term, I do use it;
that is, that all tne people of the United States
shall submit to the laws and Constitution of the
United States everywhere; not merely around this
capital.
Sir, we have come to this crisis under the idea
that this Government can be frustrated by any
State and every State, and this talk of secession.
I am not going into that subject; but 1 merely
wish to state one short view of it, which seems
to me not to have been made sufficiently promi-
nent. We know of but one way in which the
people of this country—that is, the people of the
States of this countiy—ever can act in relation to
a Government, and that is by the alteration and
change of their State constitution. There is no
other way the people can act. Whenever they
form their constitution of government, then the ■
State acts through its organs, through its legis-
lative and executive powers. That is the action
of the State. The people of a State can act in no
way but in the forming or changing of their con-
stitution. Now, when we turn to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, we find it is provided
that " this Constitution,and the laws made in pur-
suance thereof, shall be the supreme law of the
land, anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding." In plain
English, that is precisely this: the Constitution
and the laws made in pursuance of it shall be the
supreme law of the land, notwithstanding any-
thing the State Legislatures can do, and notwith-
standing anything the people of the States can
do. Those are almost the very words of it—not-
withstanding anything in the laws of a State; that
is j the action of the Legislature; and notwithstand-
ing anything in tho constitution of the State to the
contrary. The plain, simple sense is, that neither
the State Legislatures nor the people of the States
themselves, separately, can do anything which
would contravene the superior power—the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws made
under it. There is the end of the whole question
of the right of secession.
Mr. President, I have been led to say this much,
though I am sorry to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate on the subject at all, because of the use of this
word " subjugation," and this idea of the subju-
gation of the States which enters not at all into
the subject. I am therefore content with tho res-
olution as it is, for I take that word in the resolu-
tion with the context, the whole of it together,
which clearly explains our purpose, and that is,
that we are for carrying into effect that Constitu-
tion and these laws everywhere within the United
States.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am in favor
of this resolution precisely as it is printed. Each
expression of it 1 think is «pt and appropriate.
It commences by declaring that we are in a de-
plorable civil war. That is the fact stated. It
proceeds to state how we came into the war. It
lias been ** forced upon tho country by the dis-
unionists of the southern States now in revolt
against the constitutional Government." That I
take to be true. We have the fact of a war, and
we have it stated how we came into this war; that
it is because of the " disunionists of the southern
States now in revolt against the constitutional
Government, and now in arms around the capi-
tal." That is sufficiently true for my purpose;
they are in arms around the capital.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator has amended
