THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
from Vermont; but, as the resolution now is, it
cannot receive iny support.
Mr. PALE. I am willing to vote for the res-
olution as it is. I .think it will be impossible to
frame a resolution that would suit the tastes and
the discrimination of every mind in the body; but
X look at the general scope of it, and I am will-
ing to indorse it; and while I am up 1 wantto say
a word on this subject.
'I think- there has, ever since I first came into
Congress, been a great deal of misapprehension
and misunderstanding upon this subject; some of
it honest and some of it willful. 1 remember,
during the first time I was a member of the other
House, some eigh teen years ago, X was called upon
by a friend of mine, then a Representative from
the State of North Carolina, who asked me with
a serious face, if the anti-slavery men, or Aboli-
tionists of the North, as he was pleased to call
them, really intended to interfere with slavery in
the States by Congress. I told him no, of course
not. Hesaid he would be obliged to me if I would
take an occasion on the floor to make that decla-
ration. I told him I would not do it, for I had no
idea of rendering myself ridiculous at home; and
' that the people who sent me there would set me
down for a fool if X thought it was necessary to
avow any indisposition on their part to interfere
with slavery in the States.
Sir, from the earliest organization of anti-slavery
societies in the eastern States, even of the most
radical of theni, as long ago as X835, when they
first started, twenty-six years ago, some of their
first resolutions were to declare, in the strongest
language they could command, their indisposi-
tion, and their want of power to interfere with
slavery in the States. They disclaimed it, and
have constantly done so from the first, even the
most radical Abolitionists. I, for one, have re-
peatedly, here and elsewhere, certainly as long as
I have been in Congress, and before that, avowed
my sentiments to be that the Government had no
more right, no more legal or constitutional au-
thority to interfere with slavery in the States than
they had to interfere with the condition of the
serfs in Russia, or with the rights and wrongs of
the laboring classes in England. 1 said that when
I acted—1 was going to say with the party out of
power; but when 1 acted out of power, without
a party—when I acted as the soldier did, lighting
upon his own hook. That has always been my
sentiment. I have always proclaimed it, when-
ever I had occasion to speak upon it; and acting
with the party that is in power to-day, I am will-
, ing to stand by the profession that 1 made when
I was out of power. 1 believe that the General
Government have no power upon this subject at
all, and that they cannot have under the Consti-
tution.
There may be something in the suggestion that
was made by the late Mr. Adams, of Massachu-
setts, on the floor of the House of Representatives
many years ago—his speech is printed, and gen-
tlemen can read it if they see fit—that there might
be, incidental to the war power belonging to any
Government, some control over this subjectof sla-
very. He did not gather it or infer it from any
grant of the Constitution, but he gatheied it as
one of the incidents that belonged to the war-
malting power.
Now, sir, I think it is due to our friends who
are situated as the Senator from Virginia is, if
these are our sentiments—and they ate mine; I
have not altered my views upon the subject at all
—that we have no right, no constitutional power
to touch this subject of slavery, I think we ought
to say so, particularly if it will ease the fears
and quiet the apprehensions of those who are act-
ing with us. If I were going to draw up the res-
olution, I do not know that I should draw it pre-
cisely in this way. Probably I should not; because
I do not think it is incumbent upon us to say
what our object is in prosecuting this war. Sir,
we did not commence the war. It is not an ag-
gressive war with us. It is a war that is made
upon us, and we are prosecuting it because we
cannot help it. We must prosecute it for some
purpose; and I think the criticism of the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois loses something of its
point when it comes to the concluding sentence
of the resolution. The resolution goes on to say
what the war is not prosecuted for, and then it
goes on affirmatively to say what it is for; and I
think the affirmative should prevail over the ne-
gation. The affirmative of what, the war is car-
ried on for is that it is " to defend and maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution." Well, sir,
I trust we all believe that. The resolution con-
tinues: " and all laws made in pursuance of it."
Well, sir, by the Constitution itself, laws made
in pursuance of the Constitution are as obligatory
and binding as the Constitution itself. " And to
preserve the Union with all the dignity,equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired."
Now, sir, I apprehend that there is not a solitary
gentleman oil this floor belonging to any party
who will not agree with the affirmative part of
this declaration, that the war is carried on for the
purposes there enumerated—for the maintenance
of the Constitution and the supremacy of the
laws enacted in pursuance of it, and the preser-
vation of the Union, and the maintenance of the
rights of all the States, with their dignity, equal-
ity, arid rights unimpaired. If that suits every-
body, it seems to me it is hardly wise to find
fault with these mere negations. Let me say to
my friend from Illinois, and to others who have
found fault with the phraseology of this resolu-
tion, that it is utterly impossible to frame a res-
olution that shall exactly express the views and
sentiments of every individual mind; but if, in
its general tenor and import, it does set forth,
with distinctness and clearness, what we do in-
tend, I trust that we shall not bo prevented from
voting what we do intend, because the negations
are not expressed in exactly the manner we would
have them.
For these reasons I shall vote for the resolu-
tion as it stands. It is not for me to advise others
how they shall vote; but for myself, I think I
shall best discharge my duty in this emergency
by voting for the resolution as it is presented.
Mr. KENNEDY. The only objection I have
to voting for this resolution is, that, in my judg-
ment, it does not state fully the causes of this de-
plorable war. I indicated by my vote a few min-
utes ago that my opinion is that this deplorable
civil war has been forced on the country by the
disunionists of the southern and northern States.
1 wanted to go no further, but merely to express
that idea. 1 am not prepared to admit that it was
brought on exclusively by the southern States;
because it will be very well recollected by gentle-
men here that there were propositions of peace
offered at the last session of Congress, in the very
closing days of that session, which, if they had
been accepted at that time-by the majority party
in the Senate, would have avoided the war which
is upon us to-day.
I do not care to go into the discussion as to the
causes of this very deplorable state of things, fur--
tlicr than to indicate my own view of those causes.
It was the refusal in part of the majority party to
accept of measures of conciliation and peace be-
fore Congress adjourned last spring. It is also
perfectly Uue that if the members of the southern
States who vacated these seats long before Con-
gress adjourned, had remained here, there would
not have been war. I believe that it the majority
party had pursued a different course before Con-
gress adjourned than the one that they elected in
rejecting eveiy overture and eveiy proposition for
peace, we should have been to-day without the
sad calamity that has befallen us.
I did vote the other day, in substance, for the
latter part of this resolution, when I sustained
the proposition offered by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell;] and if I cannot
get a division of the question, so as to have a vote
on the proposition declaring that this deplorable
civil war has been brought upon the country by
the disunionists of the southern and the northern
States, I will vote for the resolution as a whole,
with my protest against its simple declaration as
to the cause of this deplorable civil war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The words which it is proposed
by the mover of the amendment to strike out,
are " and in arms around the capital."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will pass the resolution in the words in
which it has been presented. The amendmentis
a mere play upon terms. The assertion of the
resolution is literally true. "Near the capital"
or "around the capital," conveys the idea that
, arms are raised against the Government near the
capital and around the capital. It is not only
on one side of it, but on more than one side, and
almost in it. Wo are pretty near having some in
the capital who are in arms against it; almost in
this Chamber.
Mr. CLARK. I intend to support this resolu-
tion as it is; I intend to oppose any amendment
to this resolution, not because I like its phrase-
ology, nor because I would have drawn it pre-
cisely as it is, but because it has been drawn by
the honorable Senator from Tennessee in a way
and manner and shape that suits him and suits
the region from which he comes. That honorable
Senator has to contend with difficulties of which
we know nothing. The honorable Senators from
Virginia have to contend with those difficulties;
and when they come in here and offer this reso-
lution as the resolution with which they will con-
tend with these difficulties, I will not mar it or
alter it, but will let them have it, and bid them
God-speed to contend with these difficulties as
they may.
I will say that it is necessary in prosecuting this
war that wo should use all the means which have
been put into our power to compel the rebels to
submit to this'Government. I am ready to do it,
but I am willing to pass this resolution as it is
without amendment. I have no captiousness about
it, but will let these gentlemen and that region
have it in a way which shall suit them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question oil the proposed amend-
ment to strike out the words " and in arms around
the capita! ?"
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment proposed is to strike out the words
" or subjugation."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I am very well satisfied that my
own purposes, individually, in the prosecution of
this war, do not differ at all from the purposes of
the Senator from Tennessee; and therefore when
he gives adequate expression to his own purpose,
lie will hit the expression of my own. 1 will not
submit a motion to amend this resolution, but I
will nsk the Senator from Tennessee if he has the
slightest objection to inserting the words " of the
United Stales," after the word "Constitution,"
near the close of the resolution, so that it will
read: " the supremacy of the Constitution of the
United States?"
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not see
any objcctfon to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot mean anything
else now.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. That is what
it means now.
Mr. HOWE. It is precisely what we all mean
by it, undoubtedly.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know if the res-
olution is not capable of division. It strikes me
that it is. The first part of the resolution, closing
with the word "capital," I cannot vote for; be-
cause, as was indicated by an amendment which
1 offered, I do not think that it goes the whole
length of the truth in the case. The last part of
it I am for. I think the resolution is capable of
division; and if so, I ask that it may be divided,
and the vote taken separately on each branch.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the point at which he wants a di-
vision ?
Mr. POLK. The first branch of the resolu-
tion is, " that the present deplorable civil war has
bren forced upon the country by the disunionists
of the southern States now m revolt against the
constitutional Government and m arms around
the capital." I think that is a proposition which
is capable of being divided from the proposition
that succeeds it in the resolution. I ask, there-
fore, that the question on that proposition may be
taken separately. On that, I shall be compelled
to vote in the negative. On the last part of the
resolution, I shall be compelled to vote in the
affirmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate. The Senator
from Missouri asks that this resolution may be
divided, and that the question may be taken first
on the first clause, stopping at the word " cap-
ital," and then oil the residue of the resolution by
itself.
