1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
divide tlie resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, I do
not propose to detain the Senate for more than a
few minutes. I cannot vote for this resolution,
because I do not agree with the statement of facta
contained in it. I do not propose to argue it at
any length, nor to interfere with the purposes of
the Senate in the passage of the resolution.
The first statement of fact is, that " the present
deplorable civil war has been forced upon the
country by the disunionists of the southern States
now in revolt against the constitutional Govern-
ment, and in arms around the capital." I do not
intend to go into the antecedents of this unhappy
difficulty. My own opinion is, that there have
been errors upon both sides; my own opinion is,
that these sectional Federal difficulties might have
been settled last winter; my opinion is, that the
present condition of affairs is due principally to
the absolute refusal of the majority in this Cham-
ber to agree to any proposition of adjustment, as
I have taken occasion to state, and tried to show
heretofore; and I think to that persistent and ob-
stinate refusal, more than to any other cause, is
due the present condition of public affairs.
1 do not consider that the rupture which took
place in the harbor of Charleston, the firing upon
the Star of the West, and the collision at Port Sum-
ter, justified the proceedings which took place upon
the part of the Presidentof the United States, that
have made one blaze of war from the Atlantic to
the western borders of the llcpublic. I do not
believe that he had a rightto take thatstep which
produced this war, and to call, under executive
authority alone, the largest armies into the field
ever assembled on the continent, and the largest
fleet ever collected in American harbors. I be-
lieve that after that difficulty, which was then a
local one, there was still an opportunity for con-
siderate and thoughtful men, who desired to pre-
serve the Constitution and Union of their coun-
try, in the border slaveholdmg States, and in the
conservative portion of the northern States, to
mediate and produce a settlement; and it might
have been done, but for the proceedings of the
President of the United States and his constitu-
tional advisers.
I believe, therefore, that, first, the gentlemen
who represented the majority in this Chamber and
the House of Representatives were responsible for
the failure to produce a just and reasonable settle-
ment; and secondly, the President of the United
States is chiefly responsible for the broad, general
war that is upon us. The resolution proceeds:
"That iu tins national emcraenoy, Congrcv, ham^liing
nil feeling of mere passion and resentment, will leeoliect
only its duty to tlie wliole counriy."
I do not think the Congress of the United States
has recollected only its duty to the whole country.
I think the Congress of the United States—per-
haps, sir, I have no right to speak of the other
House in my place here; but I believe that tne
Senate of the United States is influenced to a con-
siderable degree by those considerations which do
not touch the interests of the whole country, and
that to some extent it in influenced by passion
and resentment.
"That this war is nnt prosecuted upon our pait 111 any
spirit of oppression, nor I'oi any pui pose of conquest 01 sub-
jugation, nor for 1)10 purpose of overthrowing or inteiier-
ing with the rights and established institutions of tho^c
States''—
I think, sir, that this war is prosecuted,accord-
ing to the purposes of a majority of those who
are managing the legislation that leads to its pros-
ecution, for objects of subjugation. I believe that,
unless those States which have seceded from the
Federal Union lay down their arms and surrender
at discretion, the majority in Congress will hear
to no terms of settlement, and that those who may
attempt to mediate will speak to the winds. I
believe, therefore, that the war, in the sense and
spirit entertained by these gentlemen, is a war of
subjugation. The eminent Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] not less conservative than a ma-
jority of the organization with which he is con-
nected, went so far, in the warmth of his feelings,
the other day, as to declare that, unless the peo-
ple of certain States in the South yielded willing
obedience, he would depopulate them and people
them over again. That I call not only a war of
subjugation, but a war of extermination.
u nor fur the purpose of overthtowing or interfering with
the lights ot established institutions ol' those States."
On the day before yesterday, I think, sir, ail
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] to one of the general bills before
the Senate received the vote of an overwhelming
majority of this body, which declared that any
person held to service or labor who should be cm-
ployed to aid the rebellion in any form should be
discharged from service and labor. These were
the general vague terms of that proposition. I
think I have the very words. Now what have the
President of the United States, and the Secretary
of the Treasury, and his other advisers, construed
to mean aiding and promoting' The furnishing
of provisions and raising of supplies they construe
to be aiding and promoting. They have even cut
off from the Union people of the southern Stales
the very necessaries of life, Quinine for the sick,
medical stores for women and for children/tho old
and feeble and the young have been cut off from
those States by an act of executive usurpation.
A cordon has been drawn around them; they have
been environed, blockaded, and even the neccs-
"saries of life and those medical necessaries which
are essential to the sick cut off', alike from the
Unionists and disunionists, from all; and that be-
cause they would be used in an indirect way for
aiding and promoting this resistance to the Federal
Government.
I consider that amendment passed bv a vote of
the Senate, so far as the vote of this Senate can
go, a general act of emancipation. 1 should like
to know if those held to service or labor who are
employed as agricultural laborers in the South in
raising cotton, in raising corn and other products,
which are used by the mass of the population,
cannot readily be considered by a rampant and
fanatic spirit as being employed in aiding the re-
bellion. Certainly as readily as every means of
subsistence can be cut off from that whole coun-
try by the act of the Executive, approved by the
legislative department of the Government.
The resolution proceeds:
" I!ut to defend and maintain the supremacy of tlie Con-
stitution, and all laws made in puisuance thereof'—
The conduct of the war up to this time has not
been characterized by any purpose to maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution; on the con-
trary, it has been deliberately trampled under
foot in every step of the procedure. I have un-
dertaken to show, and other gentlemen have un-
dertaken to show, that the Constitution has been
deliberately, frequently', and flagrantly violated.
We have heard violent, denunciatory, stirring
speeches made in opposition; but we have heard
no arguments to meet those wc have had the
honor to adduce before the Senate. While they
stand unanswered, 1 maintain that the war, in its
inception and in its progress, is not to maintain
the Constitution, but is m derogation of that in-
strument. ft is not enough to tell me that it has
been violated in the first instance by others. The
adhering States of this Union have the right to
demand that the Constitution shall be the measure
ot' Federal action; and the violation of the Con-
stitution (conceding the point) by any number of
individuals, or any number of States, does not
justify the Fedci.il Government, in opposition to
|'the lights of loyal and adhering States, in violat-
! ing that instrument, which is the bond of their
1 connection with the Federal Government and the
measure of their allegiance to it. Then, sir, in
my opinion, it is not to defend and maintain the
Constitution.
''and to preserve the Union, with all the dignity, equal-
ity, anri rights ol tin: several States unimpaired."
I believe, sir, ill point of fact, that if this war
continues, the equality and dignity and rights of
the several States will not be preserved unim-
paired, cither of those which have withdrawn or
of those that remain. I believe the prosecution
of this war for twelve months, if waged success-
fully, will be the grave of constitutional liberty
upon this continent. That is my humble judg-
ment. 1 believe it is no remedy for the present
difficulties. 1 believe, when you array ten or
twelve million people on one side, and some
eighteen or nineteen million people oil the other,
and when you put aside the Constitution of your
country, and they wage war like two nations, it
is a war of subjugation, and it will terminate in
the conquest of one or the other; and.however it
may terminate, be equally disastrous to both.
I am quite aware, sir, that I stand here, in utter-
ing these opinions, almost alone. They are my
opinions. I am responsible for them in my place,
and under the Constitution of my country have a
right to utter them in my place. 1 know that the
rampant spirit of passion is abroad ovgrthe land,
and I know there are many here and elsewhere
who have staked their all upon inflaming it, and
keeping it inflamed to the frenzy point. The day
is not yet, but it draws nigh, when a terrible ac-
countability will be rendered by those who are
plunging their country into the vortex of ruin,
underthe pretenseof maintaining the Constitution
and the laws. Peace, sir, peace is what we want
for the restoration of the Federal Union and the
preservation of constitutional liberty.
I will not, however, be drawn into a further dis-
cussion of the resolution. I simply rose to ex-
press, in brief, the reason why I cannot vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, theextraor-
dinary remarks made by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, I know, will exeusc even the
youngest Senator oil this floor for saying a few
words in reply. The State of Ohio and the State
of Kentucky stand side by side. They have al-
ways been friends. In the early stages of our
history, from the earliest settlements to this hour,
they have been friends—in most cases casting
their electoral vote together. But if the Senator
from Kentucky speaks the voice of Kentucky,
then Kentucky and Ohio will, I fear,soon be ene-
mies. I feel confident the views now spoken by
the Senator from Kentucky do not meet a response
from the people of his own State. I feel author-
ized, from the latest voice heard from Kentucky,
to say that he does not speak the sentiments of
her patriotic citizens.
He says that the President of the United States
has brought on this war—that by issuing the proc-
lamation of April last he commenced and inau-
gurated this war. I ask the honorable Senator
from Kentucky who fired upon our flag at Charles-
ton? Was not that an act of war? Would a
brave son of Kentucky submit to it without re-
senting it? Who assaulted our fort at Sumter?
Who iireil upon one of Kentucky's distinguished
citizens, and even fired upon him after he had
raised a flag of trucc—fired upon him when the
buildings were burning around his head? Was
this no act of war? Who stole the mint with the
money of your Government at New Orleans?
Who captured your army in Texas? Who be-
trayed his country there? General Twiggs, now
made a hero! Who attacked your soldiers on the
plains of Texas ? Who did act after act of war
upon this country? Who organized, in plain
violation of the Constitution, a new government,
denying the authority of the old, and subverting
the old by physical force ? _And yet nothing is
said by the Senator from Kentucky of all this.
The distinguished citizen who had the honor of
boating him for the highest station before the peo-
ple of this country, is the man who he says brought
all these evils upon us, when, according to my
judgment, no other with his authority ever fore-
bore so long.
The truth is, the people of these States have
forborne with the disunionists of the southern
States too much and too long. The honorable
Senator says that we refused to grant them terms
of compromise. Our fathers, yours and mine,
made a compromise that wo are now willing to
stand upon, and you are not. We do not propose
to change the compromise of the Constitution.
There is not a line, a syllable, a provision, that
we here do not now religiously obey; and you
have no right to demand any other compromise.
The Constitution is the bond of our Union, and it
is you who seek to change it by amendments or
to subvert it by force. No man from the free
States denies its authority or demands its alter-
ation.
The Senator from Kentucky and the disunion-
ists of the southern States have no right to come
to me and say " you have involved yourcountry
in civil war because you would not do as we
wanted you to do." Because we would not change
the Constitution, because we would not ingraft
new provisions in it that were unknown to it;
especially because we will not disregard the pop-
ular voice at the last election, we are charged with
involving our country in civil war! It is idle to
answer this kind of argument.
Mr. President, the disunionists of the southern
States are traitors to their country; they musH and
I lcpcat they will, be subdued. This war is pros-
