264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ever a people were compelled on earth to prose-
cute. Whenever an individual is assailed, he has
an inherent and inalieftabte right of self-defense
that stops to consult no constitution and no law,
save alone the law of necessity, which overrides all
others; and he has a right, as sacred and inalien-
able as any right with which the almighty Archi-
tect of the Universe ever endowed a ore,ature of his
creation. He has not only the inalienable right
of self-defense in the tracks where he stands when
assailfed, but to push the war of self-defense t<^thc
uttermost extremity, until hisenemy is completely
disabled and incapable, deprived of the power of
the renewal of the assault,and further prosecution
of the war; and that, sir, is what we intend to do
here. It is a war of self-defense, and strictly a
war of self-defense; and it is nothing else.
Here let mc say, and I say it with no passion,
Mr. President, that all the griefs of my life con-
centrated into one have not equaled the over-
whelming sorrow that crushed mc for the condi-
tion of my country when this atrocious thing first
came upon 'us. I say it with no passion, Mr.
President, when I do say—and 1 trust that I say
it for the entire country—that any man or any set
of men, here or elsewhere, who delude themselves
with the idea that there is to be now, or at any
time hereafter, any sort, kind, or character of
compromise patched up with treason, by which
this war is to be brought to a close, are fatally
deceiving themselves. Mr. President, no terms
can be made now or hereafter. Let the conse-
quences of this war be what they may, no terms,
now or in any other time hereafter to come, can
be made with treason and rebellion. There are
but two alternatives. One is that this Govern-
ment shall be overthrown, and that the hopes of
the world for constitutional government shall go
down in hopeless night forever; and the other is
that rebellion shall be subdued, shall be subju-
gated, that treason shall be punished and con-
dignly punished, and this Government shall be
founded upon a rock—firmer, faster than it has
ever heretofore been—and upon which hereafter
all the tempests of insurrection and domestic dis-
content may beat, but bent in vain.
Mr. President, [ have already detained the Sen-
ate longer than I intended; but there arc one or
two other things to which I must advert, and I
should feel that I had not half fulfilled iny duty
were I to take my seat withoutadvertingtothem.
The Senator from Kentucky, if I understood him
correctly, says that the measures of legislation
which have received our sanction, which we have
adopted, contemplate, and in their consequences
will accomplish the universal emancipation of the
slaves of America. If it shall bo so, if this war
results in any such consequence, the responsi-
bility of it is not upon us. I said all I desire to
say on this subject the other day.
iiut the featuie of the matter to which I desire
to call the attention of the Senate, yea, sir, of the
country, is this: we have occasionally been de-
nounced for (as it is charged upon us) an inten-
tion of inciting to servile insurrection, and placing
arms in the hands of the servile race to bo used
against their present owners. Mr. XVesident, it
has been one of the chivalric boasts of southern
treason since this war commcnccd, that their slaves
and their emancipated negroes were coming for-
ward and voluntarily arming, and they were as-
sisting them to arm. For that purpose ? To aid
them m the overthrow of this Government, and
in cutting the throats of the free citizens of the
northern States. Let me tell them they may teach
us. The lesson that they arc now teaching us is
one of deep significance. It has been their boast
that these tilings were so; and yet whenever it is
intimated that by any possibility of necessity the
people of Massachusetts, or of any other New
England State, may choose to arm a regiment of
her black citizens to aid in the defense of the best,
the most glorious, and beneficent Government
that the world ever saw, to aid in the prosecution
of the holiest cause that ever enlisted man's sym-
pathies and energies, a howl deep and dismal as
that which would burst from the regions of per-
dition itself is heard all over this land in denun-
ciation of the northern barbarians who may pos-
sibly contemplate at some time or other putting
arms in the hands of their colored freemen, citi-
zens; and at the very moment they boast, they
seem to glory in the thought, that not only free
negroes m the South but slaves of the South are
to be armed for the prosecution of a nefarious
war upon this glorious Government.
Now, Mr. President, just let them put that in
practice; just let them carry their threats into
execution, and for one I will assail the institution
of slavery wherever it exists, through every ave-
nue by which it can b'e reached, and with every
weapon by which I can strike at it. Let them
persist in it, and I, for one, if the necessity is
forced upon us, will not only be, as I have before
said, for sweeping the last vestige of the institu-
tion from the continent; but if need be to uphold
this Government, to reinstate this Union where
she was, to give to the world some hope that there
may yet be such a thing as a blessed constitutional
Government for the protection of us now, and for
all who are to come after us in all time, I, for one,
when they arm their servile race to cut the throats
of the free men and free women and children of
the North, will urge upon the President (and his
power I do not doubt in such an emergency) to
proclaim universal emancipation, and to arm them
all to repel the assaults that they would make
upon us with arms in the hands of their slaves.
Let them beware, sir, what lessons they teach
us. I do not wish to be misunderstood. 1 desire
no such thing to come. I desire that this war
shall be prosecuted without any reference to the
aggravation of its horrors and its desolations.
God knows they are enough under the most fa-
vorable circumstanccs; but when they undertake
to prosecute the war with all the evidences of
atrocity and barbarity that would characterize the
war of savages, let them beware that they do not
teach us a lesson that may be visited upon their
own head in terrible retribution.
One thing more, and I think I shall have done.
I should be exceedingly glad if our duties at this
time permitted a close, analytical, and logical re-
ply to all that has been said by.Senators on this
floor who have denounced the Administration; 1
should be exceedingly glad if our time and our
duties would permit that to be done; but they will
not. The Senator from Kentucky says that what
we need—and it is the only intimation he has
given us of what we do need—is peace to preserve
the Constitution. And how is the peace to come ?
Who broke the peace? Was it the Administration?
Was it the loyal citizens ofAmciica? No, sir.
It was those that I will not say the Senator from
Kentucky is standing here to defend. I will not
assert it, because he has not asserted it himself.
I will not do him injustice. I will not assert that
he appears upon this lloor as the champion of
their systematic treason. Cut I will say to him
that if peace is what is wanted, and all that is
wanted, lo save the Constitution and the coun-
try, there is no easier achievement on this earth
than to give us peace. But, sir, how does the
Senator from Kentucky expect it to come? He
does not tell us; and I desire to know from him
whether his wish, whether his opinion as a Sen-
ator is that peace should come? It has to come
by the subjugation of one party or the other; I
do not mince the word; I rather like it. Is it his
. opinion that it should come by the subjugation
of the Government ? He thinks it ought not to
come by the subjugation of the rebels. Docs he
think it ought to come by the subjugation of the
Government? Jf so, I for one do now and ever
will differ from him, as far us the loyalty of the
free States differs from the treason of the rebel
States.
I omitted, Mr. President, to call attention to one
single suggestion. There are a thousand of them
that I should like to reply to, but I will not. This
war and all its consequences are chargeable, as
the Senator from Kentucky says, upon the party
who are sustaining the Administration of this
Government, because they refused to make just
and proper concessions at the last session of Con-
gress. At the last session of Congress 1 had not
the honor of a scat upon this floor; I was not in
the city of Washington; I am not very well in-
formed as to what was done; but I desire to ask
the Senator, did South Carolina, before she with-
drew herself, or attempted to withdraw herself
from the jurisdiction of the Constitution, present
to this body, or to this Government, any specific
grievance, the redress of which she asked, as a
loyal State should have asked? Does the Sena-
tor pretend to say that she did ? Does the Senator
pretend to say that she alleged that she had any
grievance that needed redress? Did any one of
the seceding States bring before the Congress of
the nation a specification of their grievances, and
ask their redress ? No man has asserted it, and
I venture to say no Senator will assert it. Let
me ask, sir, what concessions, in the judgment of
Senators who attack the Administration, should
have been made? and should they have been made
to rebels in arms against the Government, and at
the point of the bayonet? Do they hold that it
was the duty of the Government to submit to
that coercion; and under that coercion to make
concessions that were not asked for, and which
were so vague and indefinite that we do not now
know what they were that they desired? Will
Senators tell us whether this is one of the views
they tako of the duties of this Government?
But, sir, when peace comes, how docs the Sen-
atorfrom Kentucky tliinkit ought to come? Shall
it be by a reunion of all the States by the reasser-
tion of the authority of the Constitution over every
inch of our territory ? Shall it come by seeing the
flag of our fathers Qgain floating over every foot
of land from the shores of the Atlantic to the
golden sands of the Pacific?. Is it thus to come,
or is it,in the judgmentof the Senator and accord-
ing to his wishes, to come to a divided and dis-
severed people, to little, petty confederacies, or
monarchies, or democracies, or whatever form
chance or power may choose to give them? Does
he desire that peace shall come to our country in
that condition ?
Mr. President, in my judgment, no greater
error was ever indulged in, no more fatal delusion
was ever hugged to the heart of an American cit-
izen than the delusion that two Governments, two
Republics, can exist in the region of country
which constitutes the United States of America.
If the people of the free States and the people of
the slave States, before a rebel hand had ever
been elevated in hostility to the Government, had
peacefully agreed to divide the Confederacy, and
make a slaveholding confederacy in the South and
a glorious confederacy of freemen fn the North,
all the Powers of the earth could not have pre-
served the peace between us for six months.
There are natural causes that man'spowercan-
not control, and upon which I do not propose now
to enter, that would before the lapse of six months
from the formation of two such confederacies
have involved them in inevitable war, the circle
of which would have continued to widen and sep-
arate until it embraced the entire confederacies,
and which would have continued until one or the
other was subjugated or exterminated. There
is no power in man, physical, or mental, or moral,
or all combined, to keep from us just that condi-
tion of things, even if the States had chosen peace-
fully to separate. And, sir, if the war with all
its horrors—and gentlemen have depicted them
to us in glowing terms—if the war with all its
ten thousand unimaginable horrors had to come
upon us, it is better, a thousand times better, for
us to meet it now, to meet it when it comes in
the form of rebellion and treason, and put itdown
forever, than to undertake to meet it when we
were fighting what we had acknowledged to be a
free and independent republic. The war, sir,
will be less fiercest will be less desolating; it will
be less enduring in every section; it will be less
afflicting, than the war that would have been upon
us as the necessary and inevitable result of peace-
ful separation.
Mr. President, I do not know that such is the
fact, but when it is said no concessions were or
would be made, I say I have always understood
the fact to be—and if I am in error, I desire to be
corrected—that what was known popularly as a
peace convention, consisting of delegates from the
border States, assembled in this city during the
close of the last session of Congress, I under-
stand, and have always understood, that that
peace conference agreed upon measures of con-
cession which were acceptable to the represent-
atives of the State from which the Senator comes.
I understand further, that when the peaceful re-
sults of the deliberations of the best men the
country contained were laid before this body, they
were fiercely and terribly denounced by the Sen-
ators from Virginia, and it was proclaimed that no
concession or no compromise would be accepted,
but that the separation was final and forever.
That, sir, I have always understood to be the
truth. IIow can the Senator, then, in the very
teeth of these facts, come here and proclaim in
