1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*69
explanation be desired, I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the report was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to refer House bill
No. 71, to provide additional revenues for defray-
ing the expenses of GSvernmentand maintaining
the public credit, by the assessment and collection
of a direct tax and internal duties, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and to make it a spceial order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me, to take up
Senate bill No. 38, to provide for the arming of
loyal citizens in the disloyal States. It is im-
portant, and will occupy but little time.
Mr. STEVENS. That does not interfere with
the motion I have already made.
Mr. Steyens's motion was agreed to.
ARMING LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. BLAIR* of Missouri. I ask leave to take
up Senate bill No. 38, and put it on its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. We will pursue
the regular order with this bill.
Mr. J3LAIR, of Missouri. Then I move that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
A bill (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to
pay the expenses of transporting and delivering
arms and munitions of war to the loyal citizens
of the States the inhabitants of which now arc, or
hereafter may be, in rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, and to provide for the
expense of organizing them irjto companies, bat-
talions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own
protection againstdomestic violence,insurrection;
invasion, or rebellion, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
DISTRICT AND CIRCUIT COURTS.
An act (S. No. 39) to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts in judicial districts,
during a temporary vacancy in the judgeship, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
An act (S. No. 24) authorizing the secretary of
War to reimburse volunteers, the expenses in-
curred in employing regimental and other bands,
was taken from the Speaker's table, road a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL. * \ /
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 71. And 1 move that all debate on the bill
terminate in ten minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by making
it five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment.
The motion was agreed (o.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration,
as a special order, of House bill No. 71, to provide
additional revenues for defraying the expenses
of the Government and maintaining the public
credit, by the assessment and collection of a direct
tax and internal duties.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment, commencingat the sixth section,
where the reading was left olT yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after the woid " dwelling-houses," the words
"and slaves;" so as to make it read:
That the paid dircct tax laid !>y this act «hall be assessed
and laid on the value of all lands and lots of ground, with
their improvements, and dwelling-houses, and slaves.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to amend the
amendment, by inserting after the words " which
several articles," tho words " and slaves."
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I oppose the amendment. I
do not understand why the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should propose such
an amendment. I found the word " staves" in
the fcighth section also, with a good deal of sur-
prise. I did not suppose that the General Govern-
ment was to recognize human beings as property,
and to tax them as such. We have never done
so, and I am utterly opposed to doing so.
Mr. STEVENS. We do not recognize them
as property. This is a capitation tax. The Con-
stitution expressly provides for laying a capita-
tion tax on that class of people, when you lay a
direct tax. 'We treat it as a capitation tax.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then why will not the term
" all others" include them ? 1 do not still see the
propriety of enumerating slaves with articles of
property. It seems to me that if we tax them as
property, among dwelling-houses and horses, we
are bound to protect them as property. I cer-
tainly cannot vote for the amendment, and I hope
it will not pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the amendment will
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words "and slaves,"after
the word " articles," so as to make the section
consistent, with the Constitution all the way
through.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of this section of
the bill. I am in favor of taxing slaves in the
States wherein they are held; and I am in favor
of it, for the reason that a capitation tax is ex-
pressly provided for and named in the Constitu-
tion—provided for as a direct tax.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman permit
me to say this ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I have but five
minutes and I cannot yield. I wish to say further,
that if this amendment be not adopted, if this pro-
vision is excluded fiomthe bill, you exclude from
taxation more than half tho means of raising rev-
enue in all tho rebel States. Take awny slaves
from the list of taxable property or persons, and
you exclude from the list in the rebel States more
than one half their means on which you can im-
pose taxes. It was properly stated by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
by this amendment slaves are recognized as per-
sons, and not as property.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the Chair
that I really cannot hear what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot possi-
bly make the voice of the gentleman any louder.
[Laughter.] He will, however, endeavor to keep
as perfect order as possible.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 was going on to say that
we arc not without a precedent for this proceed-
ing. In 1813, during the second war of our in-
dependence, a tax bill was passed containing the
very words of this section; and it never occurred
to those who enacted that measure that, in taxing
slaves, they were taxing them as property, and
not as persons. The gentleman has said that if*
they are to be taxed as persons, why not tax all
persons? Because that would be unequal. Under
the provisions of this bill, the proportion of the
amount proposed to be raised, assigned to the
rebel States, is but ^>10,000,000 out of $50,000,000.
And if slaves are to be excluded, almost the en-
tire amount will be assessed upon the loyal States;
and the rebel States will be made to pay far less
than their proportion. I know that if tins amend-
ment be adopted some changes in the phraseology
of other sections will have to be made, but that
is no valid objection. I say that the bill in terms
discriminates between property and slaves, and
that is sufficient to meet the objection of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy.] If the
amendment li$ adopted, thu clause will then read:
All lands and lots of giound.with their impiovoments,
and (hvelhn<r-li0u*0H, ami slave*, which '-■ev-eial article1--
buhject to taxation, and slaves, shall be enumerated and
valued by the lespeetive asse^oi*, Kc.
Gentlemen will see thatadiscriminationis made.
But gentlemen may say that a valuation is pro-
vided for slaves. 1 do not care for that. That is
the fault of the States in which slavery exists. It
grows out of the nature of the institution. The
slave States have fixed a valuation; they have
chosen to make the distinction. If the tax were
to be levied, however, upon all persons, the dif-
ference is that you would be laying the tax upon
free persons, and not upon slaves—upon persons
who would be held responsible each for the pay-
ment of his own capitation tax, without respect
to his property or his means of income. I am in
favor of the bill with the amendment, and against
the bill without it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I certainly cannot approve
the reasoning of the gentleman from Ohio. This
is not a personal tax. It is on the valuation of
these items of property; and if slaves are included
among these items, they are included as property,
and not as persons. The taxation of slaves, as
they are provided for in this amendment, is in no
proper sense a per capita tax; and, I repeat, that
it does distinctly recognize these slaves as prop-
erty. The distinction is made between real and
personal property. But, sir, I am utterly aston-
ished thatgentlemcn like the gentleman from Ohio
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, should in-
troduce here and advocate a proposition that al-
lows or tolerates for a moment the recognition of
slaves as property, t# be taxed—not as persons—
but according to their valuation; just as horses
or any other species of property is taxed.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the amendment which I have pro-
posed, and that proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, make a clear distinction between property
and slaves. Tho amendment proposed to the
eighth line will make the cjjiuse read " that all
property of whatever kind, and slaves," making
a clear distinction between property and slaves.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Suppose it had said " all
other property and horses:" would that have made
horses anything else than property?
Mr. STEVENS. It is hardly to be supposed,
that any man of sense would include horses in a
general enumeration of property, and then add
"and horses."
M '. LOVEJOY. The natural interpretation
would be that slaves arc especially mentioned for
the purpose of including them as property. There
are two clauses here which speak of all kinds of
property; but here is a distinct enumeration of
certain classes of property, and slaves are added
as one of the species enumerated. In other words,
the only inference that can be drawn from the
amendment is that the enumeration did not cover
all kinds of property, and slaves are therefore
included as a distinct species of property, and
one which tho General Government never has ac-
knowledged as property, and which it never will
with my consent acknowledge. If we agree by
this bill to tax slaves as a species of property, I
say that we are in honor bound to protect them
as property.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he proposes to tax slaves
at all; and if so, how does he propose to tax
them ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. If all other persons are to be
taxed per capita, I have 110 objection to slaves
being included as persons.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
to deny that slaves are property, and that there-
fore they cannot be taxed by this bill as property.
Do I understand him, then, that they are to be
placed on an equality with other persons, so far
as the action of this Government is concerned?
Mr. LOVEJOY. If they are to be taxed at all.
I deny distinctly that they are property. I do
not deny that persons hold them as property; but
I deny that they are property, and that they are
to be protected by the Government as such. I
know there are robbery and murder and all other
species of crime as well as slaveholding, as a
matterof fact; but I do not want the General Gov-
ernment to have complicity with these crimes by
piotecting them.
Mr. BURNETT. As the gentleman denies that
they arc property, then 1 ask him if they are en-
titled to representation here?
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is nothing said in the
Constitution about slaves. They are represented
in one place as "all other persons,'' and in an-
other as "persons held to service or labor," and
as such are a basis of representation in this House.
Wherever they are mentioned in tho Constitution
it is as persons and not as property.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of going into the
