270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
House and terminating all debate upon this sec-
tion.
The motion was disagreed to.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend as fol-
lows:
Strike out, in the thiidiine, the words " all lands and lots
of ground with their improvements, and dwelling-houses,
which several articles," and insert in lieu thereof the words,
" all property and estates properlyso that the elausc will
read
Shall be assessed and laid on the value of all property and
estates pioperly subject to taxation, See.
Mr. Chairman, it was remarked yesterday,
when this subject was up for consideration, that
Rhode Island would have an unjust advantage in
the raising of this direct tax if the provisions of
the bill were left as they have been reported. I
should be ashamed to return to my constituents
if I had in any way attempted to avoid any por-
tion of the responsibility which properly devolves
upon them in suppressing the wicked rebellion
which has lifted its head m the South against this
free Government. The people of Rhode Island
are willing to assume any responsibility which
may be properly and justly imposed upon them
by the Federal Government for the purpose of
speedily and effectually putting down that rebel-
lion. They are willing, if necessary, to furnish
the last squad of men in the State, and the last
dollar of theirmoney to that noble end. But while
that is their detemination, they say that they
want a Government.
I felt, Mr. Chairman, the force of the objection
which was made yesterday by members from dif-
ferent States' of the Union. I was exceedingly
embarrassed by the suggestions made by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Binoham.] On a very cursory examination of
the matter, I iiave come to the conclusion that the
proposition he then stated has not been adjudi-
cated, but that he merely stated his own impres-
sions. They have not even the force of dicta.
Nevertheless, the inclination of learned jurists
1ms been in that direction. But, sir, it seems to
me lit this time that we should pioceed with great
camion. Wo should bo careful that every step
we take shall be upon solid ground. This is not
the time, sir, in my judgment, to try new experi-
ments. In this, 1 am sure, the committee will
agree with me.
For the purpose of obviating the objection made
by the gentleman that the bill as it stands would
operate unfairly, and for the purpose of fixing a
common ground upon which weall could meet, I
have offered the pending amendment for the ac-
tion of the committee, ft seems to me that, if it
be adopted, then the loyal States will pay Ihe
tax out of their several treasuries, and afterwards
assess it in their own way upon their own peo-
ple. I am aware of the answer which maybe
made, hut it will he time enough for me to meet
the objection when it is suggested. There is one
thing we cannot doubt. If'the people, as they
will under the provisions of the thirty-ninth sec-
tion of this hill, can receive fifteen per cent, on
the advance of their assessment, they will not per-
mit the tax to bo assessed and collected by the
officers of the Federal Government, but they will
pay it out of their treasury and then assess it, in
accordance with their own laws, in their own way,
or create a State debt in one way or the other.
So much for that point.
Mr. Chairman, while I have the (loor, I will
say that it seems to me that the large amounts
which have been advanced by the States, m the
way of expenses in sending off troops, might be
set oil'in some way or other.
A Member. That is provided for already.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That is now provided for,
I am to id. If that be the case, then to that ex-
tent the tax will not be levied upon the people,
because the States have already provided for those
expenses. _ It seems to me that the amendment I
have submitted is a proper one, and ought to be
adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
the amendment pioposed by the gentleman from
Rhode Island will not be adopted; and I hope that
it will not be adopted for the reason'given by the
gentleman himself, that this is not the time to
make any new experiments. T undertake to say
that it is a new experiment in the history of the I
American Government to enact a section into law
which provides that direct taxes shall be assessed;
and then, at the same time, provides that they
shall be assessed upon all property in the States
properly taxable. Theie is no precedent for it
m the legislation of any State. The gentleman's
amendment makes the bill an absolute nullity. If
you strike out the lines indicated and insert those
which have been read, it destroys the object
sought to be accomplished. What is the rule of
taxation ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The Constitution is the
rule.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already stated that
the Constitution limits our powers, and I say it
again. I hope the amendment will not be adopted
for another reason, which grows out of the pro-
vision of the Constitution requiring an appor-
tionment according to the ratio of representation.
The gentleman does not cure the difficulty at all
by his amendment. It is no matter what the rel-
ative disproportion may be between the taxable
wealth of Rhode Island and the taxable wealth of
the State of Kansas. There stands the irrevocable
limitation of the Constitution that all direct taxa-
tion shall be apportioned among the several States;
not accoiding to their wealth, but according to
their representation and population. So the gen-
tleman's amendment will not cure the difficulty,
and I hope that it will not be adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Sheffield's
amendment to theamendmcnt;and it was rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move,proforma, to strike
out the last two words of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I have been amused in listening
to the discussion of the details of the pending bill.
We know that in quiet times it would require the
deliberation of the House of Representatives for
at least two weeks to mature an equitable system
of direct taxation. Yet, sir, while that is so, we
are now hurrying through a bill for direct tax-
ation with lightning speed. No time is afforded
for necessary discussion. But I am most amused,
sir, at the fastidiousness of some gentlemen on tile
other side, as to the propriety of using the word
" slave." Let me tell those gentlemen that if they
will turn to the statute-books of the United States
of the days of Washington, Adams, Monroe, and
Madison, they will find that whenever a system
ofdueet taxation has been necessarily resorted to,
Congress has imposed a tax upon slaves, using
the word " slaves." It is one of the compromises
of the Constitution, that it provides for the repre-
sentation of slaves. The expression "slaves" is
justified in different clauses of that instrument.
It has again and again been urged that if this tax
is to be imposed, let the burden equally be boinc
where the privilege is exercised. Let us come
square up to this question, whether there exists
slave property in the southwestern States or not.
It is time enough to discuss the slavery question
when we have settled the great trouble that is now
upon us, and winch has, to a great extent, been
produced by a wild and fanatical discussion and
agitation of that very question.
Now, sir, allow me to say a single word to the
■chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman docs not design that this bill shall
take effect, if I understand it, until after the 1st
oi January. I have not been able to obtain a copy
of the bill; and I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania when he proposes that this bill shall
take effect ?
Mr. STEVEN'S. There is a provision in the
bill which provides that the oificers shall not be
appointed until after the next meeting of Con-
gress.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If you are to have no
officers to collect the tax until that time, why pro-
pose to provide for the tax now? Leave the mat-
ter to ihe next Congress, when a bill on this sub-
ject, the most difficult and delicate, can be framed,
which shall do equal justice to all parts of the
nation. If, when that time arrives, if shall be found
necessary to resoit to the system of direct taxa-
tion, let it be done. But I hope it will not be ne-
cessary; for I hope that our difficulties will be
brought to an end before we meet again. But if
direct taxation must come, let us take sufficient
time to propeily mature a bill, and not take up
the measure now, for it is unnecessary; and it
will require at least two weeks to mature a satis-
factory bill. I perceive that if this controversy
goes on, therc^ must be an increase of taxation.
Let me tell this House that you must revise your
tariff. Your tariff now is an exclusive one; but
if you will regulate it so as to make it a revenue
one, you can get more money than you can col-
lect under this system of direct taxation. Take
up this subject next session, but not now. You
have a tariff bill, as I understand it, that is pro-
hibitory upon articles which almost the entire
country consume. In a time of war, like the
present, you cannot get people to enter into the
consumption of the luxuries of life. They will do
without them. If we want to raise a revenue, you
must resort to a tax upon the necessaries of life;
and from that source you can get a larger rev-
enue than can be derived from direct taxes. We
may, by a proper revision of the tariff, entirely
supersede the necessity of passing a direct tax
bill at all. It has not been so revised as to sub-
ject to taxation articles which were free; and every
gentleman knows that if the bill is properly re-
vised, you will get more money than by direct
taxation, after having paid the expenses of the
collection. I am old enough to remember the op-
erations of two direct tax bills. Thcsystcm is an
odious and oppressive one, and less profitable
than any system of taxation that you can adopt.
Under it more frauds will be committed than you
will find even in your custom-houses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT obtained the floor!
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Has my time expired?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, then, I yield to my
colleague, who has had no chance this session.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague takes occa-
sion to say that I have had no chance to speak
this session. In response to that, I will say that
my colleague has had a great many chances which,
as old as he is, ho may have occasion to regret
years before he is called to his final home.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman is not my
confessor.
Mr. BURNETT. I should be sorry to be the
confessor of an old man who has so many polit-
ical sins to answer for.
My colleague says he is afraid that the system
of direct taxation must be resorted to Is there
a man here who does not know that it must be
resorted to ? Is there a man who has watched the
proceedings of this House, who does not know
the necessity for it? Why is it? .The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means proposed,
m a bill, this morning, to raise the interest upon
Treasury notes to nine per cent. The nation must
pay it. You cannot negotiate this §250,000,000
111 the market, unless you raise the rate of interest.
These notes may go far below par, and it m&y be
impossible to bring them into the currency of the
country. That is one of the modes proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means for the pur-
pose of increasing the credit of the nation to en-
j able it to meet these heavy liabilities. Pennsyl-
vania dots not intend to follow out the wise
suggestion of my venerable colleague [Mr. Wick-
liffe] to revise the Morrill tariff, and make it a
revenue measure, because that State means to
stand to the price stipulated for its allegiance to the
Republican parly last fall—that the tariff should
be revised for the benefit of Pennsylvania. The
contract has been complied with on her part, and
she means that the bond shall be stood up to.
When the tariff was revised, it was intended that
the duty upon iron should be prohibitory, when
we know that, if the duty had been diminished,
our revenue would be very considerably inci eased.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman is not discussing, pro
or coit, the amendment pending before the com-
mittee,
Mr. BURNETT. It is very singular that the
gentleman did not make that point upon my col-
league.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. This bill has been made a special
order; and, under the rules, debate must be con-
fined to the amendment before the committee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 beg pardon if I was
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have
arrested the remarks of the senior member from
Kentucky if the point of order had been made
upon him.
Mr. BURNETT. My venerable colleague
seemed to think I had not had a chance to say
