1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
anything; and he now sees that I have no fair
chance. But let that pass. I will now confine
my renuuks to the horses of my colleague. [A
voice. Withdrawn.] No, sir; I reckon he will
wait until I get through before he takes them off
the track.
If we nre to have direct taxation to meet the
heavy liabilities of this Government, let it come
now. You cannot sustain the credit of the Gov-
ernment unless you provide the means of paying
the interest on the public debt; and you must pro-
vide those means before you can negotiate the
bonds of the Government. Iience I say, that
though I am opposed to this bill and shall vote
against it, if we are to have direct taxation—if it
is inevitable and unavoidable—by passing this bill
■you insure the capitalists of the country that the
interest upon this enormous debt of hundreds of
millions of dollars will be met. And it is abso-
lutely necessary that you should provide these
means; otherwise your credit will be gone.
The only thing which astonishes me is, that men
who have been voting these enormous expendi-
tures are so touchy when they aie called upon to
provide the means of meeting the interest ujiion
this debt. If I had voted for these measures, I
assure you I have nerve enough, and backbone
enough, to vote lor measures to provide the means
of paying the interest. Men stand up here and
proclaim their love of country; that they are Union
men; that they mean to prosecute this war to a
speedy termination; and yet, when it comes to
the matter of providing the moans to pay the in-
teiest upon the public debt, they become tender-
footed, and dare not take the requisite steps.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto, after the word "slaves,"
the words '• stocks in manufacturing corpora-
tions."
Mr. Chairman, I have not exactly offered the
amendment foi the purpose of making a speech,
but rather to indicate what I believe would be the
wisest course to adopt. The committee propose
to add, after the word "buildings," the words
"and slaves." Now I suppose that amendnlent
is seriously pioposed, because it comes from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and therefore it
is entitled to consideration. I think that perhaps
they have proposed thatamendment on the ground
that it is necessary under the Constitution. I do
not so undei stand it; and if I am mistaken, I shall
be very glad to be corrected, because I believe it
is unwise to insert those words, unless it be a con-
stitutional necessity. The Constitution requires
that all direct taxes shall be apportioned among
the several States according to representation—
that is, upon the whole number of free persons
and three fifths of all persons held to service—not
meaning to be precisely correct in my statement.
Well, sir, when we have by this bill proposed
to laiseadnect tax, and have apportioned it among
the Stales aocoi ding to that rule, I think that that
pio\ lsion of the Constitution is satisfied. I believe,
sir, fiom the little consideration that 1 have been
able to give to this subject at this time—for 1 agree
with ihe gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wick-
liftkJ that we are travelling post haste where our
road is not perfectly clear—1 say, fiom the little
consideration 1 have been able to give to the sub-
ject at this time, 1 believe that when that provis-
ion of the Constitution has been satisfied by ap-
poitiomng the whole sum to be raised among the
States, on t!w principle which the Constitution
lays down, this Congress may then assess that
tax upon whatever property they shall think
pioper within the limits of the United States. 1
believe they are not limited to real estate or to any
particular species of personal estate, but that they
have the power—and J see no limitation upon it
in the Constitution—to assess it upon such prop-
erty as they shall think the public good requires.
Now, sir, if that is so, then there is no necessity
for them to include in this assessment the term
" slaves." They may assess it upon all real estate;
they may assess it upon all personal estate if they
please; but unless there is some necessity for it,
i am opposed to the introduction of the word. I
am also opposed to assessing this tax upon all the
real estate of the country. 1 hope that an amend-
ment will be adopted to this bill something like
that suggested by the gentleman fiom Rhode
Island—that it be assessed upon all the taxable
property in the country according to the laws reg-
ulaimg taxation in the several States.
[lleie the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chairman, I not only op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, but I oppose the whole policy of this
bill. I do not think the necessities of the country
require the adoption of this measure, I agree in
the view of this subject taken by thedistinguished
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,]
that we should not undertake to impose a system
of direct taxation upon the people without having
the subject more fully and maturely considered.
If I thought it was necessary, in order to sustain
the Government in its present efforts, that we
should resoit to direct taxation, no member of
this House would more cheerfully give his vote
for that measure; and 1 am satisfied no member
has a constituency who would more cheerfully
respond to any taxation that might be necessary
for such a purpose. But, sir, I am satisfied that
there is a great deal of unemployed capital in this
countiy winch can be induced to take the bonds
or Treasury notes of the Government. I am in
favor of issuing Treasury notes at such a rate of
inteiestas will cause them to be taken and held
by the people as a popular loan. Let us appeal
to the people to sustain the Government with
money as well as men. If you put those notes
at low rates of interest, they go at once to the
custom-house, and the revenue of the country is
thereby absorbed. It is with a view of avoiding
this very diiiiculty of direct taxation that I favor
the policy of issuing notes bearing a good rate of
in iciest. 1 am not all aid but that we can get along
in some way until the next session of Congress
without a resort to direct taxation.
When this Congress adjourned at the close of
the last term, we did so without making any
provision whatever for the exigencies which so
speedily came upon the country. We made no
provision for raising an Army; and yet, scarcely
had the telegraphic wires carried to the extiemes
of this country, the fact thatourGovernment was
in danger before hundreds of thousands of patriotic
soldiers volunteered for its defense. Our State
Governments promptly furnished money, and
when we met here at the commencement of this
session we had an Army of two hundred and fifty
thousand soldiers in the field. And so it will be
again. If it shall be found before the next meeting
of Congress that the Government is m need of
funds or men, the States will step forward with
their means, their credit, and their men. I am
not afiaid that our Government will not be sus-
tained. It lives in the heuits of the American
people, and cannot bo overthrown by any such
wicked rebellion as now d isturbs its peace. More-
over I think we are rushing into measures more
under the influence of recent events than is wise
or proper. I do not believe, because our forces
have recently met with a temporary check m then-
course, this Government is to lose its credit.
There has been a sort of stampede in the money
market as well ns in the Army; but when we shall
have had turn, to survey the field of battle and it*
is found that the disaster has been greatly exag-
gerated, we will find the public, confidence will be
restored, and the Government will have no seri-
ous difficulty in borrowing money. At the proper
time I shall vote for a postponement of this whole
subject until the next session of Congress.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SHELL,AHAUGEll. I offer the following
as an amendment to the amendment:
That 1'iom and after (he 1-t day ot Octobei, IHGL. there
-•lullI be levied, collected, and paid, thiouuhout tin: United
States, by eveiy pei-on and eoipoiatum who shall have a
annual income, fiom any source whatever, exceed-
ing  dollar, iho tav following, on such income, to wit.
ten per cent on such income.
Mr. Chairman, the committee is now engaged
in the consideration of the most important finan-
cial measure that has ever come before Congress.
It is utterly impossible, as we must all perceive,
to mature in this House, as it is now organized,
and under the circumstances in which we are le-
gislating, a measure of such exceeding magnitude.
We must either take this measure very much as
it comes from the Committee of Ways and Means,
or we must fail to pass it altogether. It would
be impossible, at this session, to effect any im-
portant changes in the bill as reported by the
committee.
1 oifer this amendment for the purpose of bring-
ing to the attention of the committee this propo-
sition: that no financial measure will be sustained
ultimately and permanently, as a war measure,
by the country, which does not have as its basis
an equitable apportionment of the burdens of tax-
ation upon all the interests of the country accord-
ing to their relative and respective ability to pay
the enormous taxeswhich mustbeimposed. And,
sir, permit me to say to the committee that, in
in order to apportion this burden equitably, you
must exclude from your bill as much as you can
of what is technically called "direct taxation;5'
bccause all-taxes assessed as direct taxation must,
as we all know, be assessed in proportion to pop-
ulation; and that, by the necessity of the case, is
most unjust, because it will fall heavily upon all
States where land is in a greater ratio to popula-
tion than it is in other States.
It will be recollected that, so strong has been
this feeling of the inequality of direct taxation, it
has been resorted to*but two or three times in the
history of the country. So unjust has this prin-
ciple of assessing taxes on the numerical strength
of the respective States appeared that that has
been seized upon by the courts of the country as
a reason for so construing the term " direct taxes"
as to limit it as far as possible. And gentlemen
need not apprehend that the courts of the country
will go any further than they have already gone
in enlarging the range of what is denominated
" direct taxation." It was under the impression
of the inequality of the rule that the Supreme
Court came to the conclusion that they would limit
it to lands; and you will so find it stated in the
opinions of the learned judges. That principle
was the result of a compromise in our Constitu-
tion; and this House must, if it acts in the spirit
of the Constitution, and of the decisions made
und^|r it, limit, so far as it justly can, this direct
taxation, and so impose it indirectly as that it shall
operate equally on all the States. My amendment
is proposed, not for the purpose of enabling me
to make these remarks, but for the purpose of
bringing the committee to this idea: that an income
tax assessed on the revenues of each individual
or corporation in the country is the nearest ap-
proximate that can possibly be made, at least at
this session, to a just and fair apportionment of
the taxes among the people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It appears to
me, Mr. Chairman, that the committee lias lost
sight of the fact that there is a provision m this
bill which will obviate almost entirely the whole
of the objections yet urged against it. That is the
proviso in the thirty-ninth section, which permits
any State to assume its quota of the tax, and levy
it, of course, in any manner that it deems fit or
proper. In my judgment, there are very few
States in this Union that will not avail themselves
of this proviso. Why, then, discuss the injurious
cfFccts of levying a direct tax according to num-
bers and according to the Constitution ? We can-
not levy it in any other way; that is the only way
provided for direct taxation. If the people of any
State desire to tax corporations, I have no doubt
they will do it. That is a matter of detail, which
will be, practically, in the end, as the inhabitants
of each State shall desire.
Now another point in reference to this matter.
The bill does not go into operation until after a
reasonable lime being given to the State to give
this notice. Consequently, none of this machin-
ery, so far as direct taxation is concerned, will be
put in motion till after that time has elapsed.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is essential, if we would
raise these troops, that seem to come up as if by
magic from all the loyal States of the Union, that
we shall be able to pay our soldiers the money
that becomes due, and pay them in coin. We
should give some assurance that we will do this.
It was for that reason that I did not vote, this
morning, to reduce the denomination of Treasury
notes, nor to increase the rate of interest, and 1 was
opposed to any such amendments. I believe that
if' we can furnish capitalists with a substantial
basis of assurance that their interest is to be paid,
we can get money enough; otherwise we cannot.
Capital is proverbially timid. We cannot get
money by waving our wand; we cannot get it
by merely asking for it. We must furnish a solid
and substantial security.
