272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25.
Now in regard to our tariff. It is certainly pre-
posterous to suppose that, even with the last bill
we have passed, we can get anything like enough
to carry on the Government, pay its ordinary ex-
penses, and pay the interest on the debt which
already exists, and oil that which we propose to
contract. We cannot expect to get under the tariff
law of March, 1861, and oil that which the House
has passed this session ,more than from $45,000,000
to |50,000,000. There is a gap between that and
|80,000,000 which must be filled. We must sup-
ply means to the Treasury to that extent. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wjckliffe] seems
to think that we have not imposed taxes on arti-
cles in the free list. The gentleman, if he will look
at the bill passed the other day, will find that we
have imposed taxes on the necessaries of life, such
as tea, coffee, and sugar—on tea to nearly fifty per
cent, of its value; on ordinary qualities of coffee
to an equal amount, and on sugar to thirty-three
and a third or forty per cent. Certainly the gen-
tleman could not ask higher rates than that on the
necessaries of life.
But I do not want to go into a discussion of the
tariff, because I know it would be out of order;
but with all the means that we can get from any
tariff, it will be still necessary to supply other
means. Now I should be perfectly willing to have
an income tax levied. I believe it would be the
most just and equitable. Eut 1 know that we have
not time at this session to mature an income tax
bill unless*we propose to continue the session at
least a month longer. It is a new idea with us
to have an income tax. It is a matter of consider-
able detail; but I have no doubt that it will, in
the end, be adopted as it would be most just, and
. undoubtedly the most popular, if any tax can be
popular. But now, for this emergency, it is ne-
cessary that we have something. I trust that the
House will not shirk the responsibility, but will
pass this bill, or something as good; and if, at
the next session, an income tax or anytlihur else
shall be thought more expedient, this bill cTn be
amended in such manner as Congress shall deem
wise and proper.
The amendmentto the amendmentwas rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the President of tin: United States, by Mr.
Nicoi.ay, his Piivate Secretary, notifying the
House that ho had approved and signed bills and
a joint resolution of the following titles:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to remit fines and penalties in certain cases
An act for the relief of certain musicians and
soldiers stationed in fort Sumter, in South Car-
olina;
Ail act making additional appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th .Tune, 1862, and appropriations
of arrearages for the year ending 30th June, 18C1;
An act in relation to forwarding soldiers'letters;
An act for the relief of the Ohio and other
volunteers; and
A jointiesolution authorizing the appointment
of examiners to examine a steam floating battery
at IXoboken, New Jersey.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received fiom the Senate, by
Mr. Patt<w, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill to provide for the
construction of one or more armored ships, and
for other purposes.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONKLING. I move to amend
by adding,after the word "slaves," in the fourth
line, the words " bonds and mortgages on real
estate, railroad stocks, and bank stocks." I am
opposed to this bill in any form in which I have
much hope it will go from the committee into the
House for a vote. I am opposed to a gigantic
scheme of this sort, for laying with inconsiderate
haste, upon the States of this Union, a direct an-
nual tax of $50,1)00,000. Such, in substance, is
this bill. I am opposed to a scheme attempting
to do it by imposing so enormous a burden chiefly
upon the rural districts, upon agricultural prop-
erty, excluding entirely from its operation the
immense active and dormant capital which falls,
not under the designation of real estate, or land,
but belongs to the personal property of the coun-
try. I protest against taxing farms until every-
thing else is taxed. A fanner who makes four
:>er cent, from his farm does well. Why should
re be visited with taxes which others escape ? I
have heard from the distinguished gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and from others, that
the thirty-ninth section of the bill answers the
objection which 1 now make; but I hope to be
able to show to this committee when we reach that
section, that it does no such thing. _ I rise now,
however, for another purpose. I desire to employ
/* ' .  ' j t. 1a/1 4«-  /- wi tint i~i n
my
five minutes without being led to comment on
this much talked of thirty-ninth section.
In declaring agaiirst this measure I want to be
quite sure, injustice to myself and to the people
1 represent, that no man fastens upon me a false
issue; that no one shall he abie to suspect that I
am unwilling or unready to vote any necessary
tax, even to the uttermost. No, sir, I am ready
to vote all the money needed to throttle rebellion,
to trample to death this painted lizard called seces-
sion, and to punish this great experiment of per-
fidy so severely that never again will its like be
attempted on this continent during the lifetime of
the human race.
I am entirely ready to vote for any tax, to-day
or any day, requisite to the earliest and most
complete attainment of the nation's purpose. The
great State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent upon this floor is entirely ready that such
a tax shall be imposed; not only that a tax like
this, if need be, of $50,000,000 shall be voted—one
seventh of which falls upon her—but ready to do
in the future as she has done in the past. For
ten years past, as the figures show, New York
has furnished to the Government ninety-live per
cent, of all the loans and accommodations the
Government has received. She can and she will
continue to do so. She has already sent sixty
thousand soldiers to the field to fight the battles
of the Union; and I pledge her to advance with
alacrity and assume her one seventh of this sum,
or of an untold sum, which may be required of
her. But, sir, as was suid yesterday, this bill,
in addition to raising the money said to bo needed
by the Government m a partial and unjust man-
ner, raises up an army of office-holders. It pro-
vides machinery cumbrous and unnecessarily ex-
pensive. It provides oppressive modes of assess-
ment and collection, which will have the cflect to
lay upon New York, and every other loyal State,
a heavy burden, falling; most severely upon those
utterly unable to bear it. It will deprive every
State of the power to collect this tax by the mode
known to its laws, out of all property taxable
within its jurisdiction. It will supeisede entirely
the old-fashioned, economical system of laying
and collecting taxes which our people are accus-
tomed to and approve of, and puts in its place a
system more unendurable than the tax itself.
Mr. Chairman, how much of the five minutes
is left?
The CHAIRMAN. One minute.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONKLING. Well, sir, 1
 iwant to say many other things in relation to this
bill in that minute; but I must content myself
with a general remark. After the committo rose
on yesterday, I read through the seventy-lour
pages and eighty-two sections of this bill, and
read them with great care. I read also the act of
1813, and again the act of 1815; the act by which
§6,000,000 were raised by direct taxation; one of
which acts, 1 think, was drawn by the late Mr.
Gallatin. After having thus prepared myself, as
far as time has allowed, to vote intelligently upon
the bill now before us, I venture to assure the
committee that it is rife with grave and obvious
errois.
I should like, in illustration just here, to say,
but I will postpone it until a future moment, some-
thing in reference to this thirty-ninth section,
which is said to have so much healing; on its
wings; something which it concerns my colleagues
to .know, if not the other members of the House.
Some gentlemen seem to suppose the section gives
to the State of New Yoik the light of commuta-
tion, and of raising the money by her own inter-
nal machinery, unmolested by Federal instru-
mentalities. Sir, that section may he of some
avail to accomplish that purpose in some of the
other States in which the Legislatures meet be-
fore this bill puts in motion Federal machinery;
but the provision is one of which my State can
avail herself for the first year at least, only to an
extent which is substantially no extentat all. It
is like the right to shear the wolf—the fleece is not
worth the shearing; but I will examine this matter
presently when we reach the proper stage.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CALVERT. I understand that it is not
in order to offer an additional amendment at this
time; but, by way of opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, 1 will read
an amendment which I shall propose whenever
it shall be in order. I desire to strike out, in the
third line, from the word "all," to the word
" which" in the fourth line, and to insert: " real
and personal property of every description what-
ever." I think tne gentleman is perfectly correct
in one aspect of the case. I believe that this tax
is intended, in its whole object, to be imposed upon
the agricultural interest of the country. Now,
sir, gentlemen arise m their places here, and say
the Constitution prohibits the imposition of taxes
upon anything except land; and yet in this very
bill they have insei ted personal property of various
descriptions.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman refers to
a statement made by me, he is mistaken in what
I said.
Mr. CALVERT. There is nothing remarka-
ble in that; for it is impossible to hear what any
gentleman says.
Mr. BINGHAM. What I said was simply
this: that by the particular mode of taxation pro-
vided in the first section of the bill—by direct
taxation—it would not be competent for Congress,
by the universal construction put upon the Con-
stitution, to impose a tax upon money or upon
incomes; but I said that by the mode prescribed
in another portion of the bill, it would be com-
petent to tax money, incomes, and mortgages.
' Mr. CALVERT. Then 1 trust this House will
provide the mode by which all species of prop-
erty may be taxed. I am one of those who came
here prepared to sanction, by my vote, every-
thing necessary to carry on this war; and I want
no species of property protected. I want the
taxes laid upon land, upon negroes, and upon
every other species of property; and I want it to
fail alike upon every species of property. There
is no use in gentlemen getting tender-footed upon
this subject. It is absolutely necessary that a
bill for direct taxation should pass this Congress.
All mere temporary measures, such as the author-
izing of the issuance of Treasury notes at nine
per cent., are worse than useless; and I regret that
1 was not here this morning to vote against that
measure. I want to meet the question in its stern
reality, and to present it to the country in that
light. You cannot deceive the capitalists of the
country. Do you suppose those who have money
to lend are not watching the proceedings of this
House, and that they do not see that we arc hes-
itating to incur the odium of inaugurating a sys-
tem of direct taxation? Sir, I care nothing about
the odium of the measure. If it isjust, let us adopt
it. It is not half as odious as this revolution; and
if we intend to put down the revolution, we must
adopt such means as will enable the Government
to provide the men and money to meet the emer-
gency. I say to the House that without the
chance of remodeling the old tariff of duties on
imports it is impossible to adoptany measure lor
raising the revenue required to meet the wants of
the Government except the resort to direct tax-
ation.
When gentlemen tell me of the odiousness of
this system of taxation, I say to them that in
Maryland it is a system that is not new to us.
That State has been saddled by an enormous debt,
and ns the only honest and honorable method of
meeting her liabilities, she has resorted to direct
taxation; and under that system she has, year by
year, reduced the debt, until there is little of it
left. I see nothing odious in the system; but I
want to see it made equal, by making it applica-
ble to every species of property m the country.
The amendment pioposed. by Mr. Roscoe
Conklixg was disagreed to.
Mr. CALVERT. I now propose the amend-
ment I have suggested; to strike out after the
word " all,"in the third line of the section, to the
word " which," in the fourth line, and insert in
lieu thereof the words 44 all real and personal
property of every kind."
