THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 29, 1861.
New Series.....No. 18.
Mr. HARRISON". Mr. Chairman, according
to the authority read by my colleague, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] yesterday, the direct tax provided^ for in
the Constitution has been defined by the judicial
tribunals of the country; and, according to that'
authority, as I understand it, a direct tax must be
levied upon lands or per capita, and that all other
descriptions of propcity must be taxed under the
other clause of the Constitution. Now, while 1
am in favor of the objects sought by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island, yet I
cannot vote for his proposition to the section to
which it is moved.
Kut, Mr. Chairman, I take this opportunity of
saying that I am in favor of so modifying all the
sections contained m this bill, except those which
relate to direct taxation, that all descriptions of
property throughout the land shall be taxed. I
am m favor of so raising a direct tax that the ag-
ricultural inteiestof the country shall not bear
mote than its just proportion of the tax. In Ohio
agriculture is the leading interest, and while the
yeomanry of that State will sustain to the last
their proper proportions of the burdens which are
imposed by this war, they will demand that the
other groat interests of the country shall also bear
their proper proportion. Let all the great inter-
ests of the country contribute their just meed to
support and preserve the Union in this emei-
gency.
"While 1 anf up, sir, I will say a word in regard
to the thirty-ninth section. 1 do not think that it
furnishes the relief which is needed. I know that
it will not, so far as Ohio is concerned, because ot
the provision contained in her constitution. By
that piovision of her constitution, Ohio cannot
contract adebtbeyond $750,000; and by that same
' constitution, every act for laismg revenue must
define specifically the object for which itis raised.
Do you think a State, which is compelled by her
constitution to define the tax which she levies,
and the object for wliich.it is raised, and to raise
it lor that object alone, can constitutionally and
legally, so as to collect that tax, pass an act f<jr
raising her proportion of a direct tax, by levying
any other tax upon her people than that which
the constitution itself provides.'' It Congress can-
not levy a direct tax upon any other description
of property than land, can a State, exercising the
same; power of taxation, and with the same ob-
* ject in view, levy it upon any other subject of tax-
ation? It seems to me that the proposition need
only to be stated to command the respect of every
member of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague must know
that the State of Ohio does not exercise the same
iimi'or of taxation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strikeout the last
word of the amendment.
The CKAIRM AN. An amendments not now
ill order, as the amendment to an amendment is
still pending. ,
The question was then taken on Mr. Calvert s
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. ICELLEY. I move to insert the words
"and on bonds, mortgages,and ground rents."
Mr. Chan man, I agree in the general expres-
sion which has been had here to-day of an indis-
position to enact this bill at the present time into
a law of the land. I do not believe that the credit
of the country depends upon any spasmodic legis-
lation. I believe, sir, that a surer ba'sis for en-
durinir credit is the consciousness on tile part of
capitalists of the country and abroad that a judi-
cious bill is being carefully prepared, and the
assurances given in this House to-day that, when
such a bill shall come before it, it will be passed.
Let no man think that I shrink from voting what-
ever money the Government may require to sus-
tain itself ill the present exigency. "Were I to do
so, I should sadly misrepresent my constituency.
To the last dollar of their resources, and to the
last able-bodied son of then- households, are they
pledged to the support of the Union.^ It was
net,lis has been intimated here, protective duties
18
that made Pennsylvania yield her vote to the Re-
publican party. No, sir. It was her devotion to
the Constitution. It was her love of constitutional
liberty, it was her detestation of perjury in high
places, and of treason throughout the land—of
treason then not expressed in acts, but which
breathed itself upon this floor, and in the halls of
southern Legislatures. She is ready to bear her
full share of the enormous burdens cast upon the
loyal States by the treachery of misguided, ambi-
tious, and recklessly dishonest men.
Mr. Chairman, I have moved the amendment
not for the purpose of making these remarks, but
for the purpose of suggesting a provision that I
hope will be adopted if this crude bill is to become
a law. Real estate in city and country ought to
bear its proper proportion. But,'sir, we all know
of the sad depreciation in the value of property
in the citics. We know how largely it is incum-
bered in many instances, and which, if forced to
sale to-day, would not pay the incumbrances upon
it. Yet under this bill the nominal owner of real
estate will bear the tax, while he who holds tho
ground rent, bond, or mortgage, will go scot free.
In that case the real owner will pay no tax, bear
no burden, while the nominal owner will be ground
to the earth by his misfortunes. This is one of
the imperfections in the bill which has occurrrd
to my mind. I see the Chairman raising his ham-
mer to cut mo olf.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
The question was taken on Mr. Keli.ey's
amendment to the amendment ;and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stemsns's
amendment.
Mr. SPAULDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Si-aui.ding
and Lehman were appointed.
The amendment wasadopted;the tellers having
reported—ayes 60, noes 25.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I think,
from whnt I can discover from gentlemen in this
House, that there is a general disinclination to
pass this bill in its present shape. I move, there-
fore*, that the committee rise, for the purpose of
recommitting it, with instructions to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to report at tho next
session of Congress a changeof the tariff, and, if
necessary, a matured system of dhcct taxation
and excise duty, so that the tax will bear equally
upon the propertv and wealth of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order. It is in order, however, for the gentle-
man to move that the committee rise, and then the
House can take whatever action it pleases.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise. We are waiting time by sitting here
considering tins bill; for it cannot pass, it ought
not to pass, in its existing eiude condition. In
1819, our predecessors, ia levying a direct tax,
caiefuliy matured the hill, so that it applied equally
to all. They imposed alixed tax upon every county
in every State.
The CI-IAHIMAN. The motion to rise is not
debntable.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
lesumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union
had, according to order,had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 71, to provide additional revenues for defray-
in^ the expenses of Government and maintaining
the public credit by the assessment and collection
of a duect tax and internal duties, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Ml-. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Dills, ieported that they had examined and
found truly em oiled the following bills and reso-
lution; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 7G) to provide for the pay-
ment of the police organization by the United
States for the city of ihiitimore, and to enable the
Mint to furnish small gold coin, and to provide for
the manufacture or purchase of field signals.
An act (H. R.No. 69) to indemnify the States
for expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States.
A resolution (S. No. 9) relative to the exhibi-
tion of the industry of all nations, to be holden in
London in the year 1862.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee ot conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Ilou<e.- on the lull (fc*. No. 2) t<> iueieuso the pres-
ent military establishment of the United States, having
met, aftei a fnil and fiee confeience, have agreed to recom-
mend and do recommend to their icspcctive Houses as fol-
low* :
That tho House of Kepiesciitative* recede from its amend-
ments to the bill of the Senate, except section eight, and
agiee thereto with the following amendments :
1'age 4, section six, imc eight, alter the word "reduced,"
strike out as follows : " in such manner and to such extent
as Congictfs may direct;" and inseit in lien thereof, " to
a number not exceeding twenty-five thousand men, unless
otherwise oidered by Congress."
Page 5, at the end 01 section seven, add the following:
"Provided, That all the officers of tho regular Army who
have been or may b<- attached 01 u <u ned to duty for service
in any other le^uucnt 01 eorp«, shall resume their positions
m tho i eirtilai Army, and shall be entitled to the same tank,
promotion, and emoluments, as it they had continued to
serve in their own regiments or cot p-s."
That the Senate teeedo fiom its disagreement to the
eighth section of the amendment of the House, and agree
thereto.
1IENRY WILSON,
j ii. lane,
HENRY At. RICE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANCIS P. HLAiR,
11. mali-ory,
A. n. OLIN,
Managers on the -part of the House.
Mr. RLAIR, of Missouri. The bill was for
the increase of the military establishment of the
country. It provided for the addition of eleven
new regiments to the present military establish-
ment, and the regiments comprised each twenty-
two or twenty-three hundred men. The House
amended the Senate bill by striking out all after
the enacting clause, and inserting a provision for
raising cloven regiments of volunteers upon the
plan suggested by the Secretary of War, and at
the instance, we supposed, of General Scott. The
Senate disagreed to our amendment. Upon a*con-
ference we felt constrained, under present circum-
stances, to recede from the amendments of the
House, and to allow the Senate bill to pass, with
an amendment, however, providing that the mil-
itary establishment of the Government shall be
reduced at the end of the war to a number not ex-
ceeding twenty-five thousand men. That amend-
ment has been agreed upon by the managers upon
the part of the Senate and of the House. The re-
duction is to be made, without further legislation
upon the part of Congress, at the close ot the war.
Another amendment agreed upon by the com-
mittee of conference is an addition to the seventh
section of the Senate bill of a part of the seventh
section of the House bill, requiring that all the
officers of the tegular Army who have been or
may be attaehed or assigned to duty for service
in any other regiment or corps shall resume their
positions in the regular Army, and shall be enti-
tled to the same rank, promotion, and emoluments,
as if they had continued to serve in their own regi-
ments or corps.
The committee of conference also agreed to the
eighth section of the amendment of the House,
which provided that the recruiting of these eleven
new legiments should be placed in charge of offi-
cers appointed for the new regiments from civil
life; and that, in the mean time, the officers of the
regular Army should not be employed in recruit-
in^, but should be employed actively m the field.
Such is the substance of the recommendations
which the committee agreed to present to their
respective Houses.
AJi-. LOVEJOY. I would inquiie of the gen-
tleman whether the officcis of these eleven regi-
ments who are not transfened from the regular
