274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Army, are to be continued or are to be rcihoved
at the end of the war?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The military estab-
lishment of the Government, with this addition,
will amount to forty thousand men; but the bill
requires that the number shall be reduced, at the
close of the war, to twenty-five thousand men.
As a matter of course, some of the officers will
be re tiled. But it is provided that such officers
as have been taken from the regular Army and
placed over those new regiments, shall not be re-
tired, but shall resume their old places in the
Army,with the rank, promotion, and emoluments
they would have been entitled to had they con-
tinued in their own regiments during the war.
The President is required to disband the regi-
ments or battalions or companies, in order to re-
duce the Army to a number uotexcecding twenty-
five thousand.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And that will discharge a
number of officers?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. As a matter of
course.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand the
report of the committee of conference proposes to
agree to the Senate bill, increasing the standing
Army, asagainst the proposition to increase the
volunteer farce, which wasacted upon and adopted
by the House.
Mr. i'LAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And recommend-
ed, as I understand, by Lieutenant General Scott.
The bill as it passed this body, and as insisted
upon by the House two or three times, met the
concurrence of the Lieutenant General.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did not make that
statement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
is t he fact.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish the gentleman
would state his authoiity.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have boon so
informed by what i considered good authority—
by those who, I supposed, had knowledge upon
the subject. But 1 rose more particularly to ex-
piess the hope that the House would insist upon
its own hill. 1 luxve.no doubt that the Senate, if
the House insist, will yield to tfie measure an it
passed this body. I think the expeiiment ought
to he ti ied again ; and for that reason I call for the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of the leportof
the committee,
Mr BLA \ ti, of Missouri. The statement made
by the gentleman from Ohio, as to the Senate's
yielding, is not in aecoidance with the belief of
the committee of conference on the part of the
House. The managers upon the part of the House
were exceedingly reluctant to yield their amend-
ment, and nothing but what they deemed a piess-
ing emergency, and cettain obligations aheadv
entered upon in a partial execution of the plan of
tlie organization of the Army as regular4*, would
have induced them to yield then* objections to the
bill. I slate that in justice to myself and other
- managers.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know,
if the gentleman feels at liberty to speak upon that
point, whether the pnncipal embarrassment did
not arise from the fact that a large number of of-
ficers has been appointed m advanceof the action
of the two Houses of Congress; and whether the
pressute does not come from these appointments?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. So far as I am con-
cerned, f hud no embarrassment upon that head
at all.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I refer to another
quarter.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I know nothing as
- to what pressure may have been brought to bear
upon other quaiters. I speak for myself, and
other gentlemen can speak for thenisehes.
X yielded my convictions upon that subject, but
only afkr I had obtained the concurrence of the
managers upon the part of the Senate to an
amendment reducing the number to twenty-five
thousand after the war. I would not have yielded
my convictions under any other circumstances.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the committee if there is any provision for retir-
ing the brigade, field, and staif officers of that
portion of the Army that is not to be reduced at
the expiration of the war, or whether, when the
war shall have closed, we shall have upon our
hands an army of brigadier generals and staff
officers sufficient in number to command the en-
tire volunteer corps? What I desire to know is,
whether, after we have retired the soldiers, we
are to have an army of officers, almost equal to
the number of soldiers, quartered upon the Gov-
ernment, and receiving their pay, when we have
nothing for them to do?
Mr.-BLAIR, of-Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman knows as well as I do, and I suppose
every gentleman upon this floor knows, that all
these brigadier generals and major generals who
have been appointed to command the volunteer
army will be reduced at the end of the three years'
term of enlistment, which is the longest term for
which they can serve without further action by
Congress. As to the additions made of brigadier
and major generals, and their staffs, by this bill,
they will have to be provided for by additional
legislation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is the very
point to which f wished to call the gentleman's
attention; and now I understand that there is no
law retiring that class of officers.
Ms. BLAIR, of Missouri. None at all.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is all I
desired to know.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference,
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUItNJ£TT called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. NOBLE called for tellers on the question,
Telleis were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to—ayes HI, noes 29.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASED REVENUE BILL.
Mr. WTCKLIFFE. I move to discharge the
Committee of (lie Whole on the state of the Union
from,the further consideration of House bill No.
7i; and that it be recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions that they
shall at the next session mature a revenue tan ft',
and, if necessary to impose direct taxation or
excise, prepare a bill that shall impose the tax
thus to be imposed upon the country upon some
principle of pel feet equality, so that the wealth of
the nation shall be reached.
The SPEAKER.. Is there objection to the re-
ception of the gentleman's motion?
Mr. RIDDLE, i object.
Mr. WiCKLIFEE. llave I not a right to
make the motion to discharge the committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it can only
be done by unanimous consent. There is no rule
of the House under which it can be done, and a
motion to suspend the rules is only in order on
Monday.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I had supposed it was in
order to move to discharge a committee at any
time. The bill is in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, as 1 understand it.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Have I not a right to
move to discharge that committee from itsfuither
consideration?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raised that ques-
tion yesteiday,<md I understood the Chair to de-
cide that such a motion was in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union did not
direct their Chairman to rcpoit the bill to the
House. It is not before the House, and nothing
being before the House to which his motion
would apply, the Chair does not see how it could
be in order
Mr. WICKLIFFE, Ihopethatgentlemenwho
may be opposed to me will let us have an oppor-
tunity of testing this question at once, and then
we can get ready and go home. I do not know
in what way I can get at what I desire. I did
understand the rules of the House once, but they
have got so complicated that I confess I do not
understand them now.
Mr. COX moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn,
ARMORED SHIPS.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 36, to provide for the
construction of one or more armored ships and
floating batteries, and for other purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's-table.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the House insist
on its amendments to said bill disagreed to by the
Senate, and ask a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses,
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
recede from us amendments. I understand that
they relate to a battery which has been in the
dock for a number of years, and which it is now
sought to revive, as the subject of an expenditure
of over a million dollars.
Mr. McClernand's motion was disagreed to
Mr. Seogwick's motion was then agreed to.
PAY OP THE CHAPLAIN.
Mr. COX. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution;
Resolved, That tin; Chaplain of tins House be paid for
tin* ^e^sion of Congress at the same late pei mouth as he
received at the last session.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object to the res-
olution, but I am opposed to paying any Chaplain.
The resolution was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 26, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. William Ives Bdddingtow,
of Brooklyn, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
.PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the remonstrance of
the preemptors of Rock Island, Illinois, against
the establishment of an armory thereon; which
was referred to the Committee on Alihtary Affairs
and the Militia.
'Air. KENNEDY. I beg to present the me-
morial of the Mayor and the Common Council of
the city of Baltimore, complamingof certain griev-
ances arising from the military occupation of that
city. They set forth their grievances at length in
this memorial; and, in their defense, they state
that the State of Maryland has been and is sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and that her citizens arc of right entitled
to the protection of that Constitution and of those
laws; that the civil authorities of that city have
heretofore rendered, and do now render, fitting
obedience to the requirements of both; and they
earnestly ask, as a matter of right, that their city
may be governed according to the Constitution
and laws of the United States and of the State of
Maryland. They demand, as a matter of light,
that citizens may be secure m their peisons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
searches and seizures, and that they be not de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law. They demand, as a matter of
riirht, that the military render obedience to the
civil authority; that our municipal laws be re-
spected; that officers be released from imprison-
ment, and restored to the lawful exercise of their
functions; and that the police force established by
law be no longer impeded by armed force, to the
injury of peace and order m that city. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TEN EYCK, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 50) to establish a national armory at
Trenton, in the State of New Jersey; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Aftairs and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
