THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 43) to prevent and punish fr^ud on the part
of officers intrusted with the making of contracts
for the Government, which the Senate proceeded
to consider as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to enact that it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War, of the Secretary of the Navy,
and of the Secretary of the Interior, immediately
after the passage of this act, to cause and require
every contract madp by them, severally, on be-
half of the Government, or by their officers under
them appointed to make such contracts, to be re-
duced to writing, and signed by the contracting
parties with their names at the end thereof, a copy
of winch is to be filed by the officer jmaking and
signing the contract in the " Returns office " of
the Department of the Interior (hereafter to be
established for that purpose) as soon after the con-
tract is made as possible, and within thirty days,
together with all bids, offers, and proposals to
him made by persona to obtain the same, as also
a. copy of'any advertisement he may have pub-
lished inviting bids, offers, or proposals for the
same. Ail the copies and papers in relation to each
contract are to l)e attached together by a ribbon
and seal, and/numbered m regular order numeii-
cally, according to the number of papers compos-
ing the whole icturn. It is to be the further duty
of that officer, before making his return, to affix
to the same his affidavit in the following form,
sworn to before some magistrate having author-
ity to administer oaths: " I do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that the copy of contract hereto an-
nexed is an exact copy of a contract made by me
with ; that I made the same fairly with-
out any benefit or advantage to myself, or allow-
ing any corruptly to the said , or any
other person; and that the papers accompanying
include all those relating to the said contract, as
required by the statute m such case made and pro-
vided." And any officer convicted of falsely and
comiptly swearing to such affidavit, is to be sub-
ject to all the pains and penalties now by law
inflicted for willful and corrupt perjury.
Any officer making contracts, and failing or
neglecting to make returns of iho same, unless
from unavoidable accident and not within his con-
trol, is to be deemed, in every case of such failure
or neglect, to begutltyof a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, to be punished by a fine of not
less than $100, nor more than $500, and be im-
prisoned for not more than six months, at the dis-
cretion of the court trying the same. It is to be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to pro-
vide a fit and pi oper apartment in his Department,
to he called the " Returns office," within which to
file the returns thus to be required, and to appoint
a clerk to attend to the same, who is to be entitled
to an annual salary of $>1,200, and whose duty
will be to file all leturns made to that office, so
that the same may be of easy access, filing all re-
turns made by the same officer in the same place,
and numbering them as they are made in numer-
ical order. He is also to provide and keep an
index book, with the names of the contracting
parties, and the number of each and every con-
tract opposite to the names; and to submit the
index book and returns to any person desiring to
inspect the same; and he is also to furnish copies
of the returns to any peison paying for them at
the rate of five cents for every one hundred words,
to which copies certificates are to be appended m
every case by the clerk making the same, attest-
ing their correctness, and that it is a full and com-
plete copy of the return; which return, so certified
under the seal of the Department, is to be evi-
dence in all prosecutions under this act. It is to
l>e the duty of the Secretary of War, and of the
Secretary of the Navy, and of the Secretary of
the Interior, immediately after the passage of this :
act, to furnish each and every officer severally j
appointed by them with authority to make con- i
tracts on behalf of the Government, with a printed !
letter of instructions, setting forth the duties of,
such officer under tins act, and also to furnish |
therewith forms, printed in blank, of contracts to \
be made, and the affidavit of returns requited to j
be affixed thereto, so that all the instruments may >
be as nearly uniform as possible. J
Mr. COWAN. I move that the bill be amended !
in the twentieth line of the fourth section, by \\
stiiking out the word "its," and insemng the '!
word " their." This is a mere verbal correc-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. In the third-line of the fifth
section, after the word " Navy," I move to insert
the words,44 and of the Secretary of the Interior;"
so that it will read:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War and
of the Secretary oi' the Navy and of the Secretary of the
Interior, immediately aftfr the passage of this act, &e.
The object is to make it include the Department
of the Interior as well as the War and Navy
Departments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COWAN. I ask, on the part of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 22) for the protection of Government
contracts, that the committee be now discharged
from the further consideration of that bill, this
being a substitute for it.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridgk, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on bill (S. No. 2) to increase the present
military establishment of the United States.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its amendments to the bill of tKe Sen-
ate (No. 30) to provide for the construction of one
or more armored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate,
asks a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Ciiaiilks B.Sedgwick of New York, Mr. Alex-
ander H. Illcis of Massachusetts,and Mr. Jamf.s
E. English of Connecticut, managers at the same
on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The messugefuithevannounced thatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. J'. No. 69) to indemnify the States
for expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States;
A bill (II. 11. No. 7G) to provide for the pay-
ment of the police organized by the United States
for the. city of Baltimore, and to enable the Mint
to furnish small gold coins, and to provide for
the manufuctuie or puichaxe of field signals;
A j oint resolution (S. No. 9) relative to the
exhibition of the industry of all nations, to be
holden m London in the year 186)2; and
A hill (li. 11. No. 25) making additional ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1S02,and appropriations
ofarreai ages for the year endmg30th of June, 18G1.
BILLS 15KC0JIE LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 24th instant, the following bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (H. 11. No. 17) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to remit fines and penalties
incurred in certain ca.ses;
A biit (II. It. No. S3) for the relief of certain
musicians and soldiers stationed at FortSumter,
in South Carolina;
A bill (£1. It. No. 26) making additional ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the
year ending 30th of June, J861;
A bill (H. It. No. 56) in relation to forwarding
soldiers' letteis;
A bill (H. It. No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio
and other volunteers; and
A joint resolution (£1. It. No. 1) authorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a steam
floating battery at Hoboken, New Jersey.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up for
consideration the special older of the day assigned
for that hour, which is the joint resolution (S.
No. 1) to approve and confirm certain acts of the
President of the United States, for suppressing
insuirection and rebellion. The pending ques-
tion is on the passage of the resolution; and on
that question the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
' Johnson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent, when I obtained the floor some time since,
and made a motion for the postponement of this
resolution, I did not obtain it for the purpose of
addressing the Senate. I rise now, however, for
the purpose of stating, if it meets the approbation
of the Senate, that if the resolution is laid over
until to-morrow at one o'clock, I shall make an
effort to present some remarks in favor of its pas-
sage. It the Senate is anxious to have action
upon it at once, I have no objection to their taking
a vote on it now; and what little I have to say, I
can say 021 some other proposition. If it meets
the approbation of the Senate for it to go over
until one o'clock to-morrow,! will make an effort
to give my views at that time on the resolution,
and the present crisis of the country. Whatever
meets the views of the Senate will meet mine.
Several Senators. We have no objection to
its going over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then, Mr.
President, if it meets the approbation of the Sen-
ate, I move that the resolution be passed over until
one o'clock to-morrow, and, God willing, I shall
try to give my views on the subject then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee moves to postpone the further
consideration of the joint resolution until to-mor-
row at one o'clock, and that it be made the spe-
cial order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
PUNISIIIUEKT OF CONSPIRACIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (II.
It. No. 45) to define and punish certain conspir-
acies; which the Senate proceeded to consider as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that if
two or more persons wifhin any State or Terri-
tory of the United States shall conspire together
to overthrow, or to put down, or to destroy by
force, the Government of the United States, or to
levy war against the United States, or to oppose
by force the authority of the Government of the
United States; or by force to prevent, hinder, or
delay the execution of any law of the United
States; or by force to seize, take, or possess any
pioperty of the United States against the will, or
contrary to the authority of the United States; or
by force, or intimidation, or threat, to prevent any
person from accepting or holding any office, or
trust, or place of confidence, under the United
States;each and every person so offending shall be
guilty of a high crime, and upon conviction in any
district or circuit court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction, or district or supreme couitof
any Territory of the United States having juris-.
diction, shall be punished by a fine not less than
$500 and not more than $5,000; or by imprison-
ment, solitary or social,and with or without hard
labor, as the court shall determine, for a period not
(ess than six months nor greater than six years,
or by both such fine and imprisonment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move a verbal
amendment to the bill. I move to strike out, in
the twenty-first line, the words " solitary or so-
cial, and;" so that it will read:
Ot b> impiiMnwicnt with or without haid labor, &e.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to present a protest
of certain Senators against the passage of that
bill. 1 send it to the table, and ask. that it may
be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky sends to the Secretary's desk the
following paper; which will be read for informa-
tion:
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows:
Protect of the minority of the Senate of the United States
against the passage of the House hill Ao. 45, entitled.Jin
act to define and punish certain conspirators."
'['he undesigned, membeis of the Senate, dissent fiom
the j>n«rrig<* of the hill ou the following grounds:
