1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether such a
paper is in order? ^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
of order cannot be raised on any j&per until it is
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The paper, by its title, shows
11 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides it to be in order at present.
The Secretary continued the reading, as foaows:
Tho Coveinmont of the United States is a Government
of specially delegated powers; and though treason is one of
tho highest crimes known to the law, it is a political ofienbe.
To suaid against the abuses winch in tunes ot high ex-
citement had, in tho history of England previous to the rev-
olution of 1688, too often sacuficcd able, virtuous, and
innocent men on charges of tieason and kindred offenses,
tinaccompanicd by acts, the Constitution of the ITnited
States expressly defines the crime ot tieason m the tollow-
^^rt. 3, Seg. 3. " Treason against the United States shall
consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and corotort. 3
It further provides that" no peison shall be convicted of
treason unless oh the testimony of two witnesses to the
same overt act, or on confession in open court."
The intent to rcsti ict Congress in the creation of crimes
of the nature created by this bill seems obvious ; for in trea-
son all are principals, and in any conspiracy ot the kind
stated m the bill, an overt act in pursuance of it, proved by
two witnesses, would be treason against the United States.
Thus the creation of an offense, renting in intention alone,
without overt act, would lender nugatory the provision last
quoted, and the door would be opened for those similar
oppresMons and ciuelties which, under the excitement of
political struggles, have so often disgraced the pa«t histoiy
of the woild. The undersigned can conceive no possible
object m defining the crime ot treason by our ancestor,
and lequiungpioof by two witnesses to 1 lie same oveit act
to justify the conviction ot the aceuscd, unless it be to
lesuict the power of Congiess in thfe creation of a political
crime kindred to treason, and chargcd as noting in intent
alone, which Would, if accompanied by an oveit act, be
tieason. . , ,
It matters not that the punishment prescribed in the law
is not death, but impiisonment; for the pas-age ot the bill,
though it might not affect the life of an innocent man,
would give, liom the uncertainty of the offence chaiged,
ami the pioof requisite to su-tam it, the utmost latitude to
mosecuti'ms founded on personal enmity and political ani-
IfoMty and the suspicions as to intention wluoli they in-
evitably engender. J A
J.' D. 'BRIGHT,
VV. SAULSBURY,
TKUSTION POLK,
J. A PEABCK,
A. KENNEDY,
JOliN C. BltEUIJJNIUDCK,
WALDO V. JOHNSON
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
practice of the Senate has been in regard to papers
of this kind. I have no sort of objection to gen-
tlemen who are opposed to this bill presenting
their views in any shape which they may desire,
so that it is not inconsistent with the ordinary
rules and proceedings of the Senate. If they
suppose they can make the people of the United
States believe, or have persuaded themselves, that
the Congress of the United States have no right
to punish persons who conspire together for the
purpose of seizing public property, because (here
Is such a crime as treason, 1 ceitainly have no
objection to their making that effort. Now, sir,
I do not suppose it would constitute treason h
half a dozen peesons conspired together to seize
an article of properly belonging to the United
States. That is not what I understand to be trea-
son. That consists in levying war against the
United States, or aiding and abetting its enemies
in time of war. This bill provides punishment
against peisons who conspire together for the pur-
pose of seizingany property of the United States,
o-who come together or puipose.by force, or
intimidation, orthreat, to prevent any person from
accepting or holding an office under the Govern-
ment of the United States. I do not suppose that
constitutes treason. I do not suppose, if they
earned it out, that you could indict them foi the
overt act of treason. Suppose a land officer m
one of our Territories, where there is a great deal
of exciteineutin regard to the entry of publicland,
is driven oft' by the settleis who are opposed to
any sale of the public lands taking place; suppose
a liumber of the settlers meet together, and, by
threats and intimidation, deter the officer from
performing Ins duty: I would like to know if the
Senator front Kentucky wno presents thispiotest
would call that treason?
Not loii"- ago, I think, a case occuired some-
where in the State of Missoun, where a number
of persons, by tlmYits of violi nee and intimida-
tion, pievcuted a postmaster ftom performing the
fUlUs of his office. 1 think that those pel,'.ins
ought to be punished; but I do not suppose it
treason 011 their part; and for my life I canno
it .was
treason un men part; and for my life I cannot see
the similitude between the offense here provided
against and that of treason. The object of this
bill is not under another name to punish traitors,
but it is to punish persons who conspire together
to commit offenses against the United States not
analogous to treason. In the very case I have
instanced, you could not punish those parties for
treason when they had carried out their purpose.
Take the very case that occurred at St. Joseph, in
the State of Missouri, where a number of.men got
together and by threats and intimidation drove off
the postmaster and would not let him discharge
his duties; I should like to know if you could in-
dict and convict those persons for treason. Other
instances have occurred where route agents upon
some of the railroads have been deterred from
performing their duties.
That, however, is not the question before the
Senate; and in fact I scarcely know what the
question before the Senate is. I am not aware
whether the Senator from Kentucky made any
motion at all. "We have already passed the bill,
and the Senator from Kentucky has presented a
paper, for the consideration of the Senate, I sup-
pose, in some shape; but what his precise motion
was, I am not advised.
Mr. POWELL. The motion is, that the pro-
test be entered upon the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand, then, the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to be, to
enter upon the Journal of the Senate his reasons
why he thinks this bill ought not to be passed.
Is there any precedent for such a proceeding as
that? Is it usual? Has it ever been done? If
there is any precedent for it, 1 have no objection
to it; but if it is an innovation, and the adoption
of a new practice in the Senate of the United
States, for members who are opposed to the pas-
sage ofa bill, after it has passed,to come in with
a written speech against its passage and place it
upon the journal,T am opposed to establishing
that precedent now. As I am not aware of any
precedent, or any authority for such a proceeding, :
I should like to be referred to one, if there is one. |
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to reply 1
to the arguments of the Senator from Illinois. If i
the Senate were always to consider the matter ;
contained in a paper presented ill the shape of a
protest, when the only question pending is as to
whether the protest shall be entered on the Jour-
nal, I suppose 110 protest ever would be entered;
because, of course, the majontydo not concur in
the opinions and reasons set forth by the minor-
ity. 1 believe that it has been usual to allow the
minority in cases like this to have their protest
entered on the Journal. I understand from Sen-
ators, who have long served in this body, that It
has been done on more occasions than one; and
in conformity with that custom, the minority in
this case desne to have their protest against the
passage of this bill entered on the Journal of the
Senate. I hope it will be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, ^
that this protest be enteied on the Journal of the |
Senate. i
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggestthatns the paper was i
prepared by the Senator from Delaware, fMi. ]
Bayard,] who is not in his scat, there will be
great propriety 111 allowing the question to rest
until he comes in, if there is opposition to the
motion that is made to enter it upon the Journal.
I think lie ought to be allowed to state the rea-
sons for preparing the paper. Let the question lie
over until he shaii be 111 his seat.
Mr. COLL AM ER. The words of the paper,
I believe, aie respectful enough; J do not see any-
thing improper in them; and I shall not object to
the delay which is askf d being granted for the
purpose of enabling the Senator from Delaware to
furnish us a precedent for this proceeding, it he
can. I have understood that in our country, where
the right to call for the yeas and nays and enter
them 011 the record is secured by the Constitution,
the entering of a protest is not a matter of course
at all, but lias always been protested against. If,
hosvever,a precedent can be found, I shall submit
to it; otherwise, I shaH not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I recollect distinctly that pro-
tests have been offered since I have been a mem-
ber of this body—two certainly. Whether they
have been spiead on {He Jouniul, 1 do not know.
However, I suggest that the matter lie over until
the Senator from Delaware shall come i.n. That,
I think, is due to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that course will be
taken, and let the precedents be looked into. If
1 he request made in this case is usual in the Sen-
ate, I have 110 objection to'its being granted.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to its lying
over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
no objection to the course suggested, the paper
presented by the Senator frpm Kentucky will lie
over for further consideration until to-morrow.
ARMORED SHIPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of tho House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 36) to provide for the construction of one
or more armored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate and
insisted on by .the House; and,
O11 motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resoltetr, That the Senate insist on its disagreement to
the amendments ot the House of Representative!, to the said
bill, insisted 011 by the House, and agree to the coiil'oience
asked hy ttie House 011 tin: disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the committee
on the part of the Senate; and Mr. Hale, Mr.
Grimes, and Mr. Thomson, were appointed.
SUPPRESSION OF REBELLION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next bill
in order on tho Calendar is tho bill (H. R. No.
20) to provide for the suppression of rebellion
against, and resistance to, the laws of the United
Stales, and to amend the act entitled "An act to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union," &c., passed February 28,
1795; which is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill provides that whenever, by reason of
unlawful obstructions, combinations, or aseem-
j blttges of persons, or rebellion against the autlior-
ity of the Government of the United Slates, it
' shall become impracticable, in the judgment of the
\ President, to enforce, by the oid'm.uy course of
i ptdicial proceedir.es, the laws of the United States
within any State orTcrritory of the United States,
it shall be lawful for the President to call forth the
militia of any or all the States of the Union, and
to employ such parts of tho land and naval forces
of the United States as he may deem necessary
to enforce the faithful execution of the laws of tho
United States, or to suppress such rebellion.
Whenever, m the judgment of the President, it
may be necessary to use the military force thus
directed to be employed and called foith by him,
he is forthwith, by pioclamation, to command the
insurgents to disperse and retire peaceably to llieir
respective abodes within a limited time. The
militia so callcd into the service of the United
States are to be subject to the same rules and arti-
cles of war as the troops of the United States, and
be continued in service until discharged by proc-
lamation of the President; hut such continuance
111 service is not to extend beyond sixty days after
the commencement of the next regulai session of
Congress, unless Congress shall expressly pro-
vide by law therefor. livery officer, non-com-
missioned officer, or private of the militia, wlm
shall fail to obey the ordeis of the Picsidentof
the United States 111 the cases recitcdin the bill,
is to foifeit a sum not exceeding one year's pay
and not less than one month's pay, to be determ-
ined and adjudged by a coiiri-mdi lial; and such
officer is to be liable to be cashiered byasen:ence
of court-martial, and to be incapacitated from
holding a commission in the militia for a term_
not exceeding twelve months, at the discretion ot
the court; ana such non-commissioned officer and
private are to be liable to imprisonment, by a like
sentence, on failure of payment of the fines ad-
judged against them, for 0110 calendar month lor
; every twenty-five dollars of the fine. Courts-
!' martial for the trial of militia arc to be conipo^cd
! of militia officers only.
j The bill further provides that marshals of fhe
:! several districts of the United States, and their
'! deputies; shall have the same powers in executing
i till' laws of the United States as sheriffs and their
I deputies in the several States have, by law, in
i executing the laws of their lespective States. It
i' also i-peals sections two, three, and four, of the
