278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
act entitled "An act to provide for calling forth
the rnilitia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions, and (o
repeal the act noty in foice for those purposes,"
approved February 28, 1795, and so much of the
residue of that act, and of all other acts, as con-
flict with this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed the
following; hills:
A bill (S. No. 1) to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property; and
A bill (S. No. 42) in addition to the " Act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
^enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
' erty," approved the 22d of July, 1861.
TIIE TAXUFF BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 54) to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and forotherpuiposes, was the next bill
on the Calendar; and the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, proceeded to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance reported an amendment in the
form of a substitute for the entire bill. The ques-
tion is on that amendment; and on that question
the Senator from Rhode Island is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Chair is a little
mistaken about that; but I hope the amendments
proposed" by the committee to the fust diaft of
the bill will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Have they been printed ? X
have not seen iJiem yet.
Mr. SIMMONS. They have been printed, and
can be read from the Clerk's desk, and, undoubt-
edly, wo can understand them as they are read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment of the committee, which was, to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert
a substitute.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask that the question bo
taken by sections.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That course
wiM be pursued.
The first section of the substitute was read, as
follows:
That, from and after the parage of this act, in lieu of the
duties heietofore imposed bylaw on the aitieles heiein enu-
merated, and on such as may now be exempt l'roin duly.there
shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the good-', wares,
and merchandise herein enumerated and piovlded tor,im-
ported from tormgn countries, the following dutie-and Kites
of duly, that is to Miy: On iaw *mgur, commonly called
Mtwovado or blown sugar, and on sirup of Mtgar or of
sugar cane, and on concentnited molasses, or on concen-
trated melado, and on while and clayed M unr, when ad-
vanced beyond the ia\v :>tate by claying oi other pioee^s,
and not yet refined,'J cents pei pound; on tefmed sugar,
whethci lout, lump, or pulveuzcd, 4 eent< pei pound; on
Migais alter being refined, when they aie unci in ed, eoloied,
or in anywise adulteiated, and on Migar (randy, G cents per
pound ; on moJa&ses, o cents per gallon ; on tea, 15 cents
per pound; on eolfee, -1 ocnt> pet pound.
The section was agreed to.
The second section was read and agreed to, as
follows:
Hi:c. 2. tflwZ be it further enacted, That, in addition to
the duties now imposed by law on goodt-, ware?, and mer-
chandise not enumeiated ni the foiegomg section, and on
all goods not herein otheiwise provided lor, hcreaftei im-
ported irom foreign counting there sdiail be levied, col-
lected, and paid, a duty of 10 per centum ad valorem, to in-
clude all meicluiudise subject to oi exempt trom dutv by
former l.ivv-5: Provided, hou-et cu That in all cases wheie
the existing .specific or other duties, or both combined, on
any article, togcthei with the addition of 10 per centttm
ad valorem, shall amount to a duty ot more than 50 pei
centum on the value ilieieoi", ilie JO per centum herein im-
posed shall not be added, except upon the aitlelf-. ot biatidv
and «pmt.s distilled (torn ffiaiu or other materials, or other
spirituous beverages. Indigo ami giound madder shall be
admitted to entry upon the payment of a duty of 5 pet ceii
turn ad valorem; and that diamonds stud other pteeious
stones, when set in gold, silver, or othei metal; and wool
unmanufactured, the value ot which, at the piace o; ex-
portation, shall be 13 cents per pound or under, «hall be
subject to a duty of 7£ pei centum «</ Valorem, riteel of all
kinds and copper ore shall pay an additional duty ot 5 per
centum ud talorem: Jiiul jhovided J in Ihci, That the Pres-
ident of the United States bv, and he is hereby, authoiized,
by piociamation, to suspend the operation of the provisions
ot this lectioa of this act at such tune and whenevei, in
his judgment, the condition of the Trea.=>uiy and the public
interest vvili justify it.
Section three was read and agreed to, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That the act entitled
An act to provide for the payment of outstanding Tiens-
ury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on import?, and (brother purposes," approved the 2d day
oi March, 1 SGI, be,and the same is heieby^ altcicd and cor-
rected as follows, that is to say: In section six,clause the
first: The specific duties therein imposed on brandy, spirits
distilled from grain or other materials, arid otherspiiituous
beverages, shall be imposed and collected upon all of said
liquors, if of first proof or of less strength than first proof;
and when of greater strength than fi^t proof, asin said act
provided. In section seven, clause fifth: The woids "on
screws, washed or plated, and all other screws, of Iron or
any other metal," shall be stncken out, and the words " on
screws, of any other metal than iron," shall be mserted.
In section thirteen: The thiid clau3cshall be stricken out,
and in lien thereof the following woids shall be inserted :
" on all delaines known as ca>hmere, muslin, or barege
delaines, composed wholly or in pattof woi&ted, giay or
uncolorod, and on all gray goods of similar description, 05
per centum ad valorem ; on bunting, and on all stained,
colored, or printed goods ot the above description, and on
sill other manufactures made wholly or in pact of worsted,
not otherwise provided for, 30 per centum ad valorem,
In clause second, after the word "manufacturer," the
words u except ho-sieiy'1 shall beinseited. In section four-
teen, clause fir^t, insert the words "ad valorcm',y after the
woids <k 10 per centum." In section fifteen, the words
" 011 jute good-;, 15 per centum," shall be stncken out, and
the woids "on jute yarns, 10 per centum," inserted. In
same section, before thewoid ''jams," in said section,
the woid '' hemp" shall he inserted; also, after the woid
" slnrtmc," the words " of rtax or hemp" shall be inserted.
In  et tion nineteen, the u ords {i compositions of glas-s or
paste not set, intended for use by jewelers," shall be
stncken out. In section twenty-two, the woids " compo-
sitions of glass, or pa&te, when bet," shall be stiicken out.
Section four was rend and agreed to, as follows:
 Srcr\ 4. Jind be it further enacted, That, from and after
the day tins act takes c fleet, the importation of the articles
heieinaftei mentioned and embiaced in tins section shall
be exempted itomduty—that is to say: All books.,maps,
eh.u ts, mathematical and nautical monuments, philosoph-
ical apparatus, and all other articles whateverimported for
the use o! the United States. Aiucles in a crude state,
used in dyeing 01 tanning, not otheiwise piovided for, bor-
ne5, nut-', tluweis, plant-, and vegetables u>ed exclusively
in dyemg 01 composing d\ es; hut no aiticle shall be classed
as such that has undergone any manufacture. IJismuth,
hitter apples, bones buim, bone di^t, Bra/.il wood, brsi^i-
b'tto, and all othei dye-woods m sticks. Books, maps, and
ehaits, imported by authority of the Joint Libiary Commit-
tee of Congiess tor the use of the Library ot Congress:
Provided, That if in any case a contract Fhall have been
made with anv bookseller, importer, or other peir-on for
books, maps,or charts, lu which contract the bookseller,
importei, 01 other pei>on afoii^uid, shall have paid the
duty, or inelmli d the duty in snid eontiaet, in such case the
duty shall not be remitted. Jluliion,goid and siJvet; coins,
cold, Mlvei, .nut copper; coppei,when nnpoited tor the
tinted folate*Mint; li-di, fiush caught, foi daily consump-
tion ; goods, w.ues, and mcichand^e, the crowth, pi educ-
tion, 01 nianufaetuieot the United States, expoit< d to a foi-
eign countiy, and biought back to i!ie United rttate?> in the
Mine eondiiion sis when exported, upon which no diaw
hack 01 bounty has been allowed: Piovided, That all reg-
ulations to ascertain the identity thereof pi escribed by ex-
isting laws, or winch may bo prescribed by the Secietaiy
of the Treasury, shall he complied with. Household effects,
old. and in um\ of poisons or Isuiulies fiom foreign eoun-
tues, tf used abroad by them, and not irjt«*ii<led for any other
pei-.on or pei-on--, or for sale; oil, spmmaceti, whale,and
othei fish, ol American fisheries, and all other articles the
produce ol such iNheiies; paintings and statuary, the pio-
duetion of Amein.au aiti-to residing alnoadf Provided,
The same aie ini|)Oited by the nitists, 01 on their account,
oi by othei prisons, m good faith, as objects of taste, and
not as uieiehandise, smd on presentation on the entry of
the declaration ot the aitist in writing, signed by him, and
certified by a consul of the United States, that the said
painting* 01 statuaiy were pioduced by him.
The fifth section was read and agreed to, as
follows:
Src. 5. Jind he it further enacted, That all goods remain-
ing in public .store 01 warehouse su the tunc this act takes
efleet may be withdiawn theiefrom and entered for con-
sumption upon payment of the duties legally imposed thete-
on at the tune they weie deposited,arid ail goods deposited
in public stoic or bonded waiehouse after this act lakes
efteet smd goes into opeiation. it'dcMgned lor consumption
m the United State's, must be withdiawn therefiom, or the
duties thereon paid 111 three months niter the same aie de-
posited, and good* designed lot cxpottatiou and consump-
tion in foreign eountues may be withdiawn by the owner
at any time before the evpuation ot live years after the
same me depo-itod, "nob good-*, if not withdiawn in five
years, to be icgarded as abandoned to the Government, and
sold under such icgulations ;us the Secictaiy of tin- 'J'leasmy
ma> presenile, and the pmceeds paid into the Treasury:
Piovided, That meichandise upon winch the owner may
have neglected to pay duties wttlmi tiuee months fjomthe
time ot its deposit may bo withdrawn and entered lor con-
sumption at any tune within two years of the tune of its
deport, upon the payment of the legal duties, with an addi-
tion of 55 pei centum theieto: Provided, also, That mer-
chandise upon which duties have been paid, if expoitedto
a foreign conntiy shall bo entitled to return duties, proper
evidence ot Mich meichandi«e iiaung been landed abioad
to b« fiunish<"d to the collcetoi by the nnpoiter, 1 pei cen-
tum of .slid duties to be retained bvthe Government: ~ind
provided, further, Tiiat eolfee impoited fiom beyond the
Cape oi Good Hope, winch shall be actually on shipboard
and bound lor the United States befoie the 1st day 01 Sep-
tember next, shall be exempt fiom the duties imposed by
this act.
The sixth section was read, as follows;
Sec.6. And be it further enacted, That there shall be al-
lowed on all articles wholly manufactured of materials
imported on whteh duties have been paid, when exported,
a drawback equal in amount to the duty paid on such ar-
ticle and no more, to be ascertained under such rcculattons
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasuiy:
Provided, That 10 pei centum on the amount of all draw-
backs allowed shall bo ietained by the officers paying such
drawback, respectively: Jind, further, That on refined
sugar, when exported, there shall be allowed a drawback
of— cents per pound, to be ascertained under the ieguia-
tions and limitations herein provided.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to strike out the lat-
ter clause, in reference to refined sugar. It is em-
braced in the former part of the section.
The amendment was adopted; and the section,
as amended, was agreed to.
The seventh and last section was read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect fifteen days after its passage, and all acts and part?
of acts repugnant thereto are hereby repealed: Provided,
That the existing laws shall extend to, and be in force for
the collection of the duties imposed by this act for the pros
ecution and punishment of all offenses, and for the reeov
eiv, collection, distribution, and remission of all fines, pen
alties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually as if everj
regulation, penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter
and thing, to that effect in the existing laws contained, had
been inserted and reenacted by this act.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe it is in orderto move
an amendment to the proposition which is now
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment'to the section is in order.
Mr. SUMNER, I move to strike out " fifteen^"
in the second linc^ and insert " thirty," so that it
will read, "this "act shall take effect thirty days
after its passage." My object in moving this
amendment is to provide for the merchandise that
may be actually at this moment water-borne; that
may have already been ordered in view of the ex-
isting tariff-, so that it shall not be compelled to
pay increased duties under this tariff. It will
allow a larger margin for the change of orders;
and I believe the chairman of the committee wnRl
agree with me in the expediency of this changc.
I believe I have his consent.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts addresses himself to me, I am not the
chairman of the committee, but I have no objec-
tion to that amendment, and shall make none.
The committee thought fifteen or twenty days
were sufficient time to countermand any orders
that had been given m Europe, but I am willing
it should be extended to fifteen days longer.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, if we really
wish to give them the opportunity, we ought to
do it completely, and enable it to be done in a
practical manner. I have understood from mer-
chants that there will be serious derangements if
this bill should go into effcct in fifteen days.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the first
section, in line nineteen, by striking out the words,
"on eolfee four cents a pound." This is an article
which enters into the general consumption of the
country by all classes. We arc raising funds to
pay the expenses of the war. -In my judgment,
the politicians of the country and the property
holders of the country should pay the expenses
of it, and such a tax as four cents a pound upon an
article so generally in use by all classes of the
community ought not to be imposed. That is
my object in making the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Delaware that the
amendment he proposes to amend having been
agreed to, it was not-uow in order to amend it;
but it will be when the bill shall be reported from
the Committee to the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I beg pardon. I under-
stood the Chair to say amendments were now in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the section last read, as amended on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will make a motion to re-
consider that amendment in the Senate. I suppose
it can be done when the bill is reported to the
Senate. I mean the amendment inserting thirty
days instead of fifteen. The object of limning the
time is simply that there shall beno goods orderd
and put on shipboard after this bill passes, to come
in under the old tariff, and I know thirty days is
enough to make two voyages across the Atlantic.
The section as amended was agreed to.
