1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move that the bill bo
postponed until to-morrow, and made the spccial
order for half past twelve o'clock. I do this for
the purpose of proposing certain oihcr amend-
ments,to give additional strength to the Treasury;
but I am not now prepared to offer them.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER, i move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint icsolution (S.
No. 11) to repeal so much of the third section of
the " Act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the "Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861," approved June 23, 1800, as prohibits the
purchase or use of patented arms ormilitary sup-
plies; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
INCREASE OF TIIE ARMY.
Mr, WILSON submitted the following report:
The committee of contcrenee on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on (he lull (S. No. 2) toinoiea^c the pres-
ent mihtaiy < st.Udishment of the United States, having
men alVi a full and true eonf'cionce, have agieed to recom-
mend and tio recommend to tiu'ir n spectivo Houses a" fol-
lows :
That the Ilou*o of Represent Jtivc* iceede from it5- amend-
ments to the bill of the Senate, e\eept section eight. and j
agree thereto with the following amendments: ' j
l\igu 4, bceaou six. line eeiht3nttei the woid u reduced," j
strike out a<s follow-: " in Mich manner and to «uich extent j
as (Jmigics-may directand in*eit in lieu thoieol, *' to.'
a number not exceeding twentv-fivc thousand men, unices"
otherwise owlered by Conmos-."
Piiiio .u tli'- eii(( of^i'ctum seven, add the following:
Piondcrf, Th<it alt the ofiiceis ot the legtilai Armv who
have been ot ni.iv be atUchec! <n as-itrmM u> duty l<n srrvie<'
in any other regiment oi <-<>ips. shall ie>ume 111J11 positions
in the u-guku Aimv. ami shall he entitled to the «nme unk,
piomcHnm, and emolument-, a-< u i!,ev bad continued to
>crve in then mvn rvzim^nt-* coipv
That the Senate recede liom its disagreement to the
eighth scction of the amendment of the Uon-e, and agree
thetew. HENRY WILSON,
it. LANK.
IIENRY M. ItlCfi,
JManagers on the part ot the Senate,
FRANCIS P BLAIR,
K. MALLOUY,
A. B. OLLV,
Jilonagos ou the furl of the House.
The report was concurred m.
On motion of Mr. EESSENDEN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.,
Friday, July 20, 18G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Kknkady, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
NAVAL SIGNALS.
Tiie SPEAKER, bv unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy in relation to naval signals;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused yesterday to order
the printing of the report and resolution of the
Committee of Elections irrthe Nebraska case.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Thequestion recurred upon the motion to print.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether thatembraces
Air. Morton's memorial?
All. DAWES. That has been already printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
JAMES POOLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the leSief of James Poole j which
.was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports.
PAY or A CONTESTANT.
Air. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following res-
olution:
Resolved^ That mileage and compensation to and includ-
ing the 2oth July, instant, be allowed to J. Sterling Morton,
contesting the scat of lion. Samuel G. Daiw, as Delegate
liom the Tcmtory of Nebraska; and tliat thy same be paid
by the Cleik out of the contingent lund of the House.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a brief statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. This gentleman came here
with a certificate from the Governor, precisely
like our own, without any intimation from any-
body thai he was not entitled to take the scat.
It having been decided by the House that he is
jrot entitled to take the seat, I think it is but just
that ho should receive the compensation and mile-
age to which he would have been entitled had his
certificate been approved by the House. I hope,
I therefore, the House will adopt the resolution. It
j is in accordance with precedent,
j Mr. FRANK. How much does the compcn-
; sation amount to?
Mr. DAWES. I have not ascertained how
much it amounts to. The mileage is that which
he would have been entitled to if the certificate
had been accepted by the House. He came here
upon the faith of the certificate. There has been
no evidence before the committee that, in what-
ever frauds have taken place which invalidate it,
he had any hand or participation. It is therefore
but right that, having come here to claim a seat
which ihe Governor by his certificate had declared
he was entitled to, he should have his compensa-
tion.
'£ho resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
ORISON CONTESTED ELECTION.
Air. DAWES, from t lie Committee of Elections,
submitted a icport on thememoiial of George K.
Shiel, claiming the seat now occupied by Hon.
Andrkw J. Thayer, as a Representative from
the State of Oregon.
The report concludes with the following reso-
lution :
Rc so I red, That Hon. A. J. 7'iiayi:k not entitled to hold
the seat now occupied by lum in this Hou-.e a* a Repre-
sentative liom tiie Slate ol On;«on.
Resolved, That George K. tfhiel has been duly elected
a^ a Repie-enutive fioiu the Bt -tent Oicgon tothoTlmty-
i>eventh L'onguiss, and is entitled to as>eatmtlns Uousd'as
such.
The report was ordered to he printed.
ACT OF CONFISCATION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on tiie Judiciary to ask the House that
Senate bill No. 25, to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes, refeirod to that com-
mittee, be ord-TocLto be printed.
It was so ordered.
NAVY-YARD fcUPWilXTIJNJOKNT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Allan's, imported a bill to amend an act en-
titled "An aet supplementary to an act entitled
'An act providing for a naval peace establishment
and for othei purposes,' " parsed March 27, J804;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill amends the not in question by insert-
ing after the word "captain," where the same
first occurs, the words " or commanders," so as
to authorize the Piesident to select a superintend-
ent of the navy-yard of Washington from the
captains or commanders of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Air. HOLM AN. I desire to inquire whether
this bill enlarges the number of officers to be
appointed-1
Mr. SEDGWICK. It does not. It merely
authorizes the President to select from command-
ers as well ay from captains.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccoid-
mgly road the third time, and passed.
Air. SEDGWICK moved to rcconMder the vote j
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to j
lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic. ^
The latter motion was agreed to. 1
The States were called for resolutions and for I
bills of which previous notice was given. None
were introduced, and the Speaker stated that there
was no business before the House.
QUESTION- OF ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. VANDEVER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JPENTON. I move that when the House
adjourns, if adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COLFAX. That motion is not debatable,
but I desire the indulgence of the House that I
may inquire of the Committee of Ways and Means
what time they expect we can adjourn sine die.
If we are only going to have a session of half an
hour in three days,°I should like to know if we
cannot get away ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no opinion as to the
time when we can adjourn. That, I think, de-
pends on the Senate. The Committee of Ways
and Means have but a single bill—a bill which they
deem absolutely essential to maintain the Govern-
ment. That bill is m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Without it the Treas-
ury will be bankrupt in twenty days; but from
the indications of the friends of the Administration
here, for (he past day or two, we are not encour-
aged to believe that the Administration will be
sustained. If that is the case, the sooner we know
it the better, that wc may go homo. I intended
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union immediately, for the
purpose of considering the tax bill. The House
will be able to determine, by its course on this bill,
whether it is worth while for us to stay here any
longer, or whether we might not as well go home
and let the Government take care of itself. 1 am,
therefore, unable to say what time we can adjourn,
for that depends on the action of the House with
reference to the tnx bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Vv ill the gentleman per-
mit mo to ask him a question with reference to
business before the committees of conference?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if
there is no business hanging between the two
Houses before committees of conference ? If so,
1 think the House should remain in session till
that business is disposed of, and till wo get rid of
all the business with the exception of this tax
bill, as it is called, before wc adjourn. I think it
very improper that the Housp should adjourn at
this time till Monday. 1 see no necessity for it.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not aware of anything
that is pending between the two Houses from our
committee. Our committee of conference on the
large appropriation bill reported yesterday, and
the repoit was confirmed. There was a disagree-
ment about so me Senate amendments, but the com-
mittees of conference have not yet been appointed.
I desire to know from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commoiee whether that committee in-
tends to repoit back, as I think it its duty to do,
with a iccommendation that it do pass, or that it
be negatived, a bill which I mtroduced and had
referred to it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would Kay to the
gentleman ftom Pennsylvania that all the com-
mittees of conference ordered by the House have
been appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. I hod hoped that the gentle-
man would report back that bill. If reported with
a negative recommendation I intend to take the
sense of  thc House upon it. I mean the bill re-
pealing all laws that created ports of entry in the
rebel States. 1 do not consider that the bill which
we have already passed at all meets the difficulty.
I hope the gentleman will i eport back the bill, and
if the committee is opposed to it, let it say so, and
let us take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. In reply to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
will state that the Committee on Commerce are
considering the bill to which he refers. What re-
port they will make upon it I am unable to say.
Whether they will make any report I am unable
to say. Members of the committee have been m
consultation on the subject with members of the
Admiiustiation. It is a subject full of embarrass-
ment, and there has been no indication made as yet
in the committee, as to what action they will take.
The question was taken on Mr. Fenton's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question iccurring on Mr. Vandever's
motion, Mr. Vandever withdrew it.
