282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to amend by striking
out all after the nineteenth line.
Mr. Chairman, I was resolved, when this bill-
came up, extraordinary as it is, to say nothing in
relation to it; and I certainly should have said
nothing in relation to it, but for the more extraor-
dinary defense of it. We arc told by gentlemen
this morning, that this is the best bill that could
possibly be devised for the purposes for which it
le designed. At the same time we are told that it
is the best bill, because it pledges the real estate
of the country for the payment of this tax. I ask
those gentlemen if it is fair, I ask if it is right,
that this war should be sustained wholly by the
landed interest of the country ?, I ask if the farm-
ers of the country are to have their lands pledged
as security for the payment of this debt, while
the great stockholders, the money lenders, and
the merchant princes of Wall street, and all the
great capitalists, are to go free, and bear none of
these burdens? I tell gentlemen that the common
sense of the people will condemn this bill. They
will see no reason, if the farmers of the country
should pay four dollars tax upon his wagon or
buggy that is worth $100, why a man who has
§100 out at interest, at ten or fifteen per cent.,
should not pay the same. The fanner whose land,
we are told, is pledged for the raising of this tax,
will not be able to comprehend why his land,
which nets liim less than three per cent., should
be taxed, while the man who loans thousands
and hundreds of thousands of dollars at ten per
cent., pays nothing. You cannot satisfy them
that such a course is right. Gentlemen say that
this is as just a bill as can be devised. I tell you
a more odious bill cannot be devised, and one
which the people will more promptly discard.
Will you tell them that their lands are mortgaged,
and at the same time tell thetij that the wealth of
the country, the personal property of the country,
the money and merchandise of the country, go
free? I teil you it will create a storm among the
farmers of the country which cannot be resisted.
While the men of the agricultural districts aie
loyal and true, and ieady to do then full part, and
more than their part, to sustain this war; while
they are ready to send forth then- sons to bear the
heatand burden of battle, they are not willing that
their farms, worth three or live thousand dollars,
shall bear the whole burden, while the motipyed
wealth ot the country, the stock-jobbers, bankers,
merchants, and moneyed men lire to go free. It
is unjust and unequal; and it is no excuse for
Jhis bill, to say the States can assume the debt,
suppose that, hereafter, a political party should
arise ill any of the States, wishing to make polit-
ical capital out of this matter, and should refuse
to have the Wtate assume the Amount: then this
unequal tax will be levied upon the landholders
of the country, and the moneyed wealth goes
untaxed.
I say it is a thousand times better that this Gov-
ernment should stiller a depreciation of its credit
for the time than that such a bill as tins should
pass. It would he better, because the ptissegeof
such a bill as this would infuse at once into our
people a spirit ol diseontent.and laise a clamor
against the prosecution of this war, because of
the injustice of this bilj^. It would anay the
farmers of the country as one man against it.
While they are willing to bear their proper bur-
dens, they are not willing that the more wealthy
shall escape.
I have said to this House, and I say to the
country, that, come what will, 1 will vote for no
such bill. The time does not demand it; the ne- i
cessities of the Government do not requite it. If
you will frame a bill which will equalize the in-
cumbrance, I will willingly, gladly, vote for it; I
should be lecreant to my duty hoie if I did not,
and 1 should be false tomy constituents if 1 should
vote for this.
Mr. D1VEN". When the gentleman fi'oin Ohio
assumes that the farmers who own three or five
thousand dollars' worth of real estate are to pay-
all this tax, he assumes what is by no means a
fact. 1 tell the gentleman there is scarcely a
banker 01 stock-jobber m the city of New York
but wtii have to pay, tinder this" hill, a tax, in
proportion to what he is worth, gnvtei than w hat
the farmer who owes no debt, and Uves upon the
products of his farm, will have to pay.
And I tell the gentleman from Ohio that he mis-
takes tile character of his constituency, and of the
agricultural interests of the country, if he believe
that those who have left their plows standing in
the furrows, their teams unharnessed, and lushed
to fight the battles of their country, will falter
when they are called upon to sustain the credit of
the country. No, sir, they will not falter; and
if wo leave these Halls without providing for
the credit of the country, the very thing upon
which our success all depends, and without which
war never has been and never can be successfully
prosecuted; if we return to our homes without
putting the credit of thecountry upon a firm basis,
we shall be greater cowards than any man who
fled from the field of battle on Sunday last; and
we will deserve the sneers and the contempt of
our constituents, and we will receive them.
Why do not these men, who are opposed to
this bill, propose another and a better one? I
know an income tax has been talked of. Sir,
have the people considered what an income tax
is? In England, where men are living upon their
investments, upon their consols, upon their bonds
and mortgages, and have a certain fixed income,
an income tax is a tangible thing. But when you
come to the imposition of an income tax here, I
would like to have the assessor fix my income,
which depends upon the result and success of my
profession. I could not tell what it is. If I can
support my family, I am content; but if called
upon to tell what 1 receive, it would be a riddle
to me, as much as it would be to the assessor.
So as to the merchant who one year is success-
ful and makes §10,000, and the next year is un-
successful and loses §10,000—one year up and
another down—how are you to fix his income?
X have said, and I repeat, we regime something
tangible that we can place at the disposal of the
cicditor, to show that the security is sure and cer-
tain; and hence this direct tax should be levied
upon something specific.
Now 1 did not propose, piecemeal, to discuss
the meiits of this bill; butl call upon this House,
if they are sincere in their profession of sustain-
ing this Government, if they are sincere in their
declaration that to every extent, that to the utmost
farthing they possess, they will give it to the
country, let them come forward in the hour of
their country's need, and sustain its credit.
The gentleman from Illinois has said that we
are all agreed as to the necessity of doing some-
thing. Does the gentleman remember that but
yesterday a proposition was made to postpone
this question until December, and that that very
proposition came very near carrying? Does it
look as though the House comprehended the dan-
ger in our credit, when but yesterday we passed
an expediency bill which, to my nund, biought
moie dismay to the country than the disasters
of Sunday last—a bill authorizing the issuing
of whinplasters by the Government at nine per
cent, interest; and when we aie informed by the
Secretary of the Treasury that our securities are
selling at little over eighty per cent., a discount of
nearly twenty per cent.? When our ct edit is going
down with a run, shall wo postpone a measure
that is necessary to restore it?#No, sir. Let the
first thing tins Congress does be to place the credit
of the country upon a secure foundation.
j Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FltOM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and Mr.
WfHTL of Indiana, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, a message was received from
the Senate, by Mr. Pattok, one of its clerks,
which announced that the Senate insisted on its
disagreement to the amendments of the House to
the bill of the Senate to provide for the construc-
tion of one or more armored ships and floating
batteries, and for other purposes, had agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the twoHnusnson said bill,and
had appointed Messrs. Hale, Grimes, and Thom-
son, managers of said conference on the part of
the Senate. ..
INCREASED IlEVENUE BILL AGAIN. "4
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
Mr. CUTLER. I move, as an amendment, to
strike out the last proviso to the section. I desire,
Mr. Ch airman, to submit to the committee some
remarks of a general character upon the bill now
under discussion; and in doing it, J am very will-
ing to accept the assurance of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] that there is a very gen-
eral disposition on the part of this House not to
abandon their labors here until the public wants
are fully provided for, and until the Administra-
tion is fully sustained in its efforts to crush out this
rebellion. I am willing also to admit that the ques-
tion now is simply a question between the differ-
ent interests of this great country in regard to the
imposition of a tax which, under any and all cir-
cumstances, is met with reluctance by any people.
I am willing also to admit the chum that in the
levying of a tax for the purpose of maintaining
the public credit, it is an element in that public
credit that the tax shall be cheerfully borne. I
am willing also to admit the fair and just claim
put forth here, that this tax should be so distrib-
uted as to fall fairly, equally, and justly, upon the
shoulders of all classes of our people. 1 think,
however, that m the discussion of this question
as a practical matter, we may narrow it down to
that single point, and see where we stand. Ac-
cording to the statement in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the total valuation of this
country amounts to $1G,000,000,000. Of that
amount, about one thud is personal andabouttwo
thirds real estate; the propoition being, according
to my recollection, as forty-eight to one hundred
and twelve. Here, then, it seems to me that we
have a fair staiting point for a calculation as to
the justice of any tax that is to be imposed. If
the wealth and property of this country consist
of real and personal estate in the proportion of
forty-eight to one hundred and twelve, it seems
to be a fair conclusion that the tax ought to be
levied somewhat in that proportion as divided
between the^e two classes of property.
Now, sir, the bill, as it stands, proposes to levy
$30,000,000 upon real estate, in the shape of a
direct tax; but it also provides that a certain
amount shall be gathered from other sources. The
real question, therefore—if it be narrowed down
to a question of fairness between the diffeient
classes of property—is, whether the taxes on the
classes of personal property enumerated make up
that one third of the amount. I suppose, sir, that
they will nearly do it.
Mr. SPAULDING. Yes, sir; they will sup-
ply $10,000,000.
Mr, EDGERTON. Will my colleague allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CUTLER. Certainly.
Mr.EDGEHTON. I suggest that, of the classes
of personal property enumerated, on which taxes
are to be levied—such as watches and carnages—
a large portion are held by the landholders.
Mr. CUTLER. I will come to that. Butl am
trying to got at a practical view of this question,
as a question of fairness between the different
classes of property holders in the country. If I
understand the proposition, then, of the com-
mittee, it amounts to this: that there will be
$30,000,000 levied upon real estate in this coun-
ti y; but, if I am correct tn my supposition, it is
not expected that there will be realized for present
enieigencies fiom the rebellious States the pio-
portion that is assigned to them,and consequently
there will bo realized fiom the loyal States only
$20,000,000, while the demands of the Treasury
leaily require the $30,000,000. Tins I suppose
to be the faet. [Mr. Spal'ldixg was understood
jo assent.] Very well; yon havegot $30,000,000,
in round numbers, to raise. Now, if we raise
$20,000,000 out of that $30,000,000 fro.m the real
estate of the loyal States, and if the gentleman
who lias made the statement is correct—and I cer-
tainly shall not call it in question—that ^10,000,000
will be raised from the personalties named in the
bill, you have, really got a fair division of the tax
between the different classes of property. Itonly
remains to make a fair division of this amount
among the different articles of personal property.
I am willing to admit what my cdlleague has
suggested, that some of the articles named as per-
sonal property to hv. taxed, are owned mainly by
owners of real estate, and to that extent it oper-
ates not as a relief to them, but as an additional
bmden. But theio are other considerations to be
taken into account, when now, for the first time
in the history of this country, we are attempting
to build up a public credit in view of a permanent
national debt. And what is public credit? "Why,
sir, it means armies; it means navies; it means
