THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
the purpose of determining this valuation forever,
all the appeals that arise, on all the grounds that
are specified in writing under the provisions of
this section. No tribunal could do it in two days.
I think no tribunal,could do it in ten days, even
if there was no objection to it for the length of
time for which the valuation is continued.
In short, it does seem to me that, considering
the vastly important office which this section is
to perform, it needs a variety of amendments in
order to enable any person that shall be aggrieved
by the action of the assessor to set himself right.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very easy to criticise
almost any bill; but not so easy to substitute any-
thing better in its place. I do not understand the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York, which is simply to strike out the word
"assessors," to be an attempt to make the section
any better than it is now. If the gentleman has
any amendment which will improve the bill, I
' should be glad to hear it and to vote for it. As
to the notice of five days, which the gentleman
says ought not to be given to the,person the
valuation of whose property it is proposed to
increase 
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not say
that. *
Mr. STEVENS. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman. I thought he complained of this no-
tice. I have to say that I think notice ought to
be given to any man the valuation of whose prop-
erty it is proposed to increase.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I was very unfortunate in making myself under-
stood by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. What I said was this: lines twenty-
two and twenty-three of the section provide "that
it shall be the duty of the said assessor to adver-
tise and attend two successive days of the said
twenty-five, at the court-house," &e. That tri-
bunal, then, is to exist for only two days at one
place. The line upon which the gentleman is
commenting requires that five days'notice shall
be given before any action shall be taken. Now,
how the two things can stand together is a ques-
tion I should like the gentleman to explain.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suppose there is no dif-
ficulty in those assessors adjourning from time to
time to consider appeals. The meaning of the
provision to which the gentleman refers is that
the assessors shall remain in session for at least
two days to receive appeals. They may then
adjourn to a subsequent day for hearing the ap-
peals. The system will work in this way: a
man comes before them and complains that lie is
assessed much higher than others around him.
The assessors may reduce the valuation of his
property without delay, if they shall so determ-
ine j but tlicy shall not increase the valuation of
his neighbor, who is not before them, without
first giving him five days'notice that his tax is to
be raised. lie did not complain of his tax, and
it 13 not justice to him to raise his tax without
giving him an opportunity to be heard. The
object is to equalize the taxes. The gentleman
from New York, for instance, comes before the
assessors and says his tax is higher in proportion
to the value of his property than his neighbor's.
The assessors, on hearing his statement, conclude,
it necessary, for the purpose of equalizing the
valuation, not to reduce the tax of the gentleman
from New York, but to increase that of his neigh-
bor. They therefore give notice to the neighbor
that they are about to raise the valuation of his
property. They may reduce the valuation of the
gentleman's property, if they so determine, with-
out delay, but they may not increase the valua-
tion of his neighbor's.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 movp to amend-
the twenty-second section, by sinking out all
after the thirty-eighth lino, as follows:
" An'] it is heieby enacted and deehned that tltc valua-
tion, asse-^ment, equalization, and apportionment, made
by die said hoaui oi a-vea.-, aioif.caid, Miall f>e and
remain m full foiee and opfiatKm for laying, levying, and
collecting, yeaily and rvuv joai, the animal dncct tax by
tins act laid and imposed^, until altered, modiQed, or abol-
ished by law."
Now, Mr. Chairman, the words I propose to
strike out have this effect: no matter what may
he the oversight or misfortune of a tax payer in
having- Ins property wrongfully assessed, the val-
uation so fixed muut be kep^ perpetuated, carried
forward as long as this bill remains unrepealed and
unamended, as the basis of the amount of tax he is
to pay. Again, I hope I shall succeed in calling
the attention of the House to this effect of the bill
as it now stands. Suppose the real estate of a
man, with the improvements upon it, is assessed
at J&50,000; his buildings burn down; the iron
he# of war passes over and tramples down his
property—as it is very likely to do much prop-
erty, not very far from here, at this time: yet the
assessment continues; yet^the valuation under
this .bill goes on, unless this act is repealed or
modified; for there is no other mode of changing,
or adjusting, or modifying the valuation, when it
has been once fixed. We only provide by this bill
for equalization and adjustment in regard to States
and districts; but no change, or adjustment, or
equalization, in respect to the valuation of indi-
vidual property, is authorized. When once made,
it is made for always; no matter what changes
may take place by time, or by whatever causes
which may affect the value of real estate tu de-
stroy its value.
Mr. STEVENS. It is true, Mr. Chairman, that
this bill contemplates but one valuation, unless
Congress should authorize and provide; but it is
to be hoped that it will not be necessary to con-
tinue this tax longer than two or three years. By
the laws of most of the States, I believe, it is pro-
vided that the assessment of real estate shall be
triennial. Such is the fact in my own State, and
I presume it is in most of the States. Personal
property is assessed yearly, but real estate only
triennially. The gentleman says it is yearly in
New York. It may be there, but it is triennial in
most of the States; and if the necessity of this tax
continues for only two or three years, no greater
inequality or inconvenience can occur than occurs
constantly iti the States. If, however, it should
be found necessary to continue the tax for a longer
period, Congress may provide for a new assess-
ment. The gentleman surely would not authorize
ar new assessment every year. That would aim-
ply provide for a new army of ofRce-holdcrs an-
nually to overrun the country, which the gentle-
man objects to so strenuously as provided for in
this bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I think it is de-
sirable to avoid the necessity of this army of
office-holders altogether,and therefore 1 have been
struggling for an arrangement by which that
smaller army of office-seekers, and less odious
one, provided by theStates themselves, shall avoid
the necessity of such a provision on the part of the
Inderal Government.
Mr. STEVENS. But the gentleman does not
tell us how we can enforce such a provision. The
gentleman does not tell us whore we can find in
the Constitution any power to enforce it. If there
be any such power 1 am sure the gentleman would
have discovered it before now. The Committee
of Ways and Means have searched diligently for
such a power, but have been unable to find it, and
have so reported to the House. I repent, that if
the gentleman can find any way of enfoicmg such
a provision under the Constitution, and will offer
an amendment embodying his plan, I shall be
most happy to support it.
In the case to which the gentleman alludes,
where a man's house has burned down, it is true
there is no new valuation; but in the States some
arrangement is made by which the person labor-
mo; under such a misfortune has some portion of
Ins tax remitted; and so I have no doubt it would
be in this ease. But, sir, even admitting that theie
may be great injustice done in individual cases,
is it not better to adopt auniform system and sub-
mit to the inequality growing out of the deprecia-
tion of property in certain localities and appreci-
ation in others, than to have these officeholders
going round and revaluing the property every
year, or every two years, with the additional ex-
pense which must necessarily follow?
The gentleman from New York says ho can
find some constitutional mode of imposing this
duty upon the officers of the Suites and counties.
If he will offer such a piovision, and place it in
such a shape that we can enforce it under the Con-
stitution, 1 shall certainly thank him for enlight-
ening us upon that subject. If he has such a plan,
but lias not had time to perfect it, however, let
us go, through with this bill, and he will have
time to consider the subject maturely before it I
shall come back from the Senate. For the pros- I
ent, I hope the provisions of the bill will not be
materially altered in this respect. They have been
found to work well in other cases. They are what
was adopted in 1813 and 1815; and they are in
conformity to the construction of the Constitu-
tion, under which direct taxes alone can be levied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I offer an amendment to which I think there can
be no objection:
Insert these words: " with some peison of suitable age
and discretion 5" so that the bill will read :
And in case of such disuaint, it shall be the duty of the
officer charged with the collection to make, or cause to be
made, ail account of the goods or chattels which may be
distrained; a copy of which, signed by the officer making
such distraint, shall be left with the owner or possessor of
such goods, chattels, or effects, or at his or her dwelling,
with some person of suitable ago or discretion, with a note
ot the sum demanded, and the time and place of sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
In the twenty-eighth section insert the words "of gen-
eral circulationso that it will read:
Sec. 28. Jlrul be it further enacted, That each of the paid
collectors shall, within ton days after leceivms* his collec-
tion list from the assessors, respectively, as afore«aid, and
annually, within ten days after he shall he so required hy the
Secretaiy of the Ticasuiy, advertise in one newspaper of
geneial circulation printed in his collection district, if any
there be, and by notifications to be posted up in at least
four public places in his collection distuet, that the said
tax has becoinc due and payable, and state the times and
places at which he or they will attend to receive the same,
which shall be within twenty days after such notifica-
tion, &-C.
Mr. Chairman, I think that the advertisement
to be made should be inserted in the newspape-r
that lias the most general circulation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The proviso of the twenty-eighth section was
read, as follows:
P> o i-idcd, That it shall not he lawful to make distraint of
the tools or implements of a trade, or profession, beasts of
the plow necessary for the cultivation of improved lands,
arms, or household furuitiue, or apparel necessary lor a
family.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to add to the end
of that proviso the words " or slaves."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Let the gentleman state
the effect of his amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The effect of the amend-
ment is to exclude the conclusion that slaves are
to be distrained. Do not let the House misun-
derstand it. It is to exclude all conclusion that
slaves can be distrained and sold. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division, only twenty-eight in the affirmative.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to insert in the pro-
viso just read, after the word (i furniture," the
words school books."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is it in order to go
back to another section?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Objection was made.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to add, at the end of the
proviso, the following:
Provided, however, That no slaves shall be s>oid hy vnttie
of this act, or purchased m behalf of the United tState.s.
Mr. Chairman, I have not heard any reason
yet assigned why it should be needful, in order
to raise the money necessary for the purposes of
the Government at this time, that the United
States should become either buyers or sellers of
slaves.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is that, sir?
Mr. ELIOT. I have not heard any reason
why, although it may be needful to assess certain
property to the exclusion of other property, it
shall become a duty upon this House to declare
that wo will either buy or sell that which is
termed, in some portions of this country, prop-
erty. If, indeed, it bo true, sir, that it is out of
our power to raise the necessary means to carry
on this war without incurring that reproach, let
us have it so distinctly stated, and then let us see
whether there cannot be some other means pro-
vided than this, of a tax upon property at all.
I am, sir, one of those who desire that this war
shall be maintained. I have voted for the meas-
ures which have been introduced at the request of
the Departments of the Government, who have
