286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
who owned $100,000 of real estate, from the oper-
ation of the Federal tax, which property Congress
said should be taxed, and to transfer the burden
to him, the owner of this personal property, which
the Congress said should not be taxed, and that
for the reason that the Constitution of the United
States, as my friend says, compels Congress to
say that all his personal property shall not be
taxed, but that the tax shall be confined to real
estate; I say, when a man comes into court with
that case, should he be turned remediless away?
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] put
it forcibly the other day in a question he framed
for my ingenious-friend here from Ohio to answer,
that it is of doubtful competency for a State to pur-
sue that line of legislation which will put upon
one man that burden which we here, by our legis-
lation, have laid expressly and carefully upon
another.
If the doctrine is a sound one, the argument
proves too much, fornt proves conclusively this:
that State Legislatures may distribute and dis-
seminate this tax; they may transfer it altogether
to another and different species of property; and
therefore, in the State of Iowa and the other north-
western States, where they arc suffering for the
need of the currency,and still more of coin where-
with to pay this tax, if the farming community,
the agricultural interest, is so strong as to carry
sufficient sway in their Legislatures, they may
pass a bill by winch the personal property is not
only brought in and subjected to taxation like real
estate; but b.y which the personal property is made
solely and exclusively subject to the tax which
belongs to the real estate. May they not? Now,
in the absence of any act of Congress, if there is
nothing in the State constitution to prevent it,
the Legislature of Iowa may do precisely this:
they muy lay a tax for any purpose tolerated by
the State constitution, may throw it into the sea,
if you please, or make it a present to me; but if
the citizens of the State of Iowa, or certain citi-
zens of Iowa, have, by the Constitution of the
United States and acts passed under it which have
gone into operation, substantial Vested lights of
person or property—as, for example, express im-
munity from a certain tax which has been laid
upon others—I say, speaking cautiously, measur-
ing my statemc nt, that it is an exceedingly close
question, whether any power residing- in the Le-
gislature of Iowa could, divest these*" righ ts and
utterly destroy them.
1 know that, under one of the bills which have
been refericd to here—the act of 3blv2, which,
however, contained no such provision as this—
certain States made their terms with the General
Government; but I do not know, and no gentle-
man knows, that any State assumed to lay a tax
in furtherance and continuance of the act of Con-
gress upon different propeity, for the purpose of
making those terms. My point i^llmt under the
bill, as it stands now, however it might be changed
so as to evade orobviaie (he objection, it gives to
the tax-payers, exempted by it, a vested right,
which I doubt the. power of their States to deprive
them of.
Now, sir, I think this objection worth consid-
ering; and I have alluded to it m geneial teinis,
because, some days ago, l inferred to it, and I
desired at some time to explain, in part, at least,
what I meant.
Hut, passing this by, the committee will sec
there is an important and practical consideration
as to the time—whether it shall be the month of
April or some other month—when notice by the*
States must be given. Assuming the section does
all that is claimed for it, fees of "officers are to be
lavished for nothing for a long and needless time;
so that if any good is to be deiived at all from
the suggestion imule by the fommittec that Jan- (
uory is a typographical error for April, then sec-
tions five and seven, which we hare passed, 1
should also be amended, to the end that this !
mammoth machine, which is to move on golden
wheels, may not be setm motion untilthe istdav
of Apiil.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from New Ymk,
for the puipose merely, however, of staling my
position m regard to the thirty-ninth section. As
I Understand the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, he objects to this thirty-ninth section
as not being what I claim it is in fact, n provision
by which the several States of this Union (ex-
cept such as are positively restrained by the terms
of their own fundamental laws) can assume and
pay this tax—which was wrongfully called a debt
in the report of my remarks the other day—and
distribute the burden of its repayment to its own
Treasury, according to any system of taxation
known to its own laws and customs. If I under-,
stood the gentleman from New York at all,in so
far as he referred to what I said upon this subject,
he seems to differ with me in regard to that prop-
osition.
Now, sir, I attach great importance to the thirty-
ninth section of this bill, for the reason that I be-
lieve, in respcct to every State in this Union, in-
cluding the gentleman's own State of NewYoik,
it is perfectly competent for the State, under the
existing constitution and laws therein, to assume
and pay this tax to the Federal Government; and
to assess a tax to thatamountupon the people of
the State in which the assumption is so made,
according to the laws thereof, upon all the taxable
property of its citizens. The gentleman's re-
marks, when he said that this could not be done,
seemed to proceed upon the idea that it becomes
a debt against and a charge upon the .specific
property of those holding real estate within the
State, and is not, therefore, to be transferred by
act of the State to persons not thus charged with
it. The gentleman from New York gives, as an
illustration of his proposition, the case of a person
holding $100,000 in money and no land, and there-
fore not charged or chargeable under the provis-
ions of this bill. Now, the mistake the gentleman
makes is in his premises. Admitting his premises,
his conclusions logically and necessarily result
therefrom. But his premises are these: that the
assumption of the payment of this tax by the
State does not extinguish the liability of the land-
holders under the Federal law; and that the tax
becomes a charge or lien on the real estate of the
citizens before payment by the State. That is
his mistake. I undertake to say here that there
no exception to the general rule of the common
law, that a debt once paid is paid foreuer, whether
paid voluntarily by a strangerorin any other way;
and that the holder of it can maintain no action
of law against the party originally liable. I hold
fuithcr that no debt is created by this bill against
any citizen, in case tho State assumes to pay
within the time limited.
Mr. UOSCOIi CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow me a moment?
Mr. iUNCrllAM, If it docs not interfere with
my time.
Mr. UOSCOE CONKLING. I simply want
to set the gentleman right. lie entirely misap-
prehends the point.
Mr. HINGLIAM. The gentleman can mal^p
his statement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
states pretty broadly the proposition that a debt
once paid is paid forever. If heuses " payment"
as a term of art, and means <k extinguished," I
agree with him; but I made no such point. My
suggestion was this: not that the owner of the
real estate had a specific incumbrance, or I think
"charge" was the word my friend used, on his
lenity; but that (he man who is exempt from the
operation of this law, the owner of the personalty,
acquired under this act a vested right, of which
vested right he could not be ousted by any rear-
rangement of the State in reference to its policy
in the levying of that tax.
Mr. BING£1 AM. I understood thegcntleman.
His statement is substantially what he said be-
fore—that the charge is against the owner of the i
realty, and therefore the owner of personalty has
" a vested right" to be exempt. I undertake to say,
and I wish to put it upon icpord, that if this section
ever parses, and a State assumes to pay, and does
pay, within the time limited by this bill, its quota
of taxes, such State may assess the amount on all
taxable property of her citizens. 1 use the words
" pay and payment" as terms of art, they are legal
terms, having a definite legal meaning, and can
receive but one construction. The woids "pay"
i and " payment" are the operative words in the
J section in regard to the States. I put it upon
! ieeoid heie, dehbuiately, that if a State does as-
; sume to pay, and makes the "payment," as is
provided in this section, there is no lien, no charge,
no incumbrance, no debt, against or upon the
realty of any citizen of the United States within
the limits of such State. In such case no debt
has been created; the statute does not take effect
against any citizeu of such State; and no "vested
right" attaches by virtue of a statute which never
took effect.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not think
there is.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then,sir, there is no ground
for the supposed complaint of the gentleman who
has $100,000 in money and no land, that the State
has violated his "vested right" if she subjects
him to his just share of taxation to provide for
the State's liabilities, under a State law distrib-
uting the tax dqually among all its citizens, ac-
cording to the actual value of their property,
whether it be land or money. In such event no
mere owner of personalty can say that the charge
which might have been but was not laid on the
realty of his neighbor is being wrongfully trans-
ferred to himself,
Mr. Chairman, there was an intimation made
here yesterday in regard to my own State m this
connection, which, I suppose, was an oversight
or inacfvertance.on the part of my colleague, [Mr.
Harrison.] My colleague intimated that there
is a constitutional limitation in the State of Ohio.
She may not contract a debt larger than $750,000,
It is true there is a limitation in the constitution
of the State of Ohio against the Legislature con-
tracting a debt to supply a casual deficit in the
treasury beyond the sum of $750,000. There is
a similar constitutional limitation in the Seate of
New York, against contracting a debt beyond
$1,000,000, or thereabouts, to supply such cas-
ual deficit. But, sir, in the constitution of both
these States—as though the representatives of the
people, in framing the fundamental laws for these
two great States, anticipated just such events as
are now transpiring around us—there are provis-
ions that debts may be"contracted in either with-
out limitation, without restriction, and without
lestraint, " to repel invasion, suppress insurrec-
tion, and defend the State in war." In my own
State, and I believe in the gentleman'sStatealso,
an interpctration of the Legislature has been put
upon that provision to this effect. Ohio has al-
icady contacted a debt, and issued her State cer-
tificates—which arc being distributed everywhere
—to the amount of $2,700,000, for the very pur-
pose of repelling invasion, and defending the
State in this war.
i think, sir, this thirty-ninth section is all I
claim it to be—a provision which enables each
State to assume her share or just quota of the
expenses of this war, and to distribute its burdens,
justly chargeable to her, among all her loyal cit-
izens. In other words, any State may assume
to pay and make payment of her quota, and may
supply herself with tho means of self-defense
against this war upon her rights, by taxing oil
her citizens on all their property withm the limits
of such State, subject only to the restraints of her
own constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by sub-
stituting the "2d of April." I offer the amend-
mend simply for the purpose of answering a part
of the objections of the gentleman from New
York which have not been referred to by the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
It is true that this scetion sets the time when
these officers shall receive instruction m their
duties, but the time when they shall commence
the actual discharge of their duties is set forth in
the thiity-cighth section: ;
" The ^ocretarv of the Treasury shall notify the collcctors
of the seveia! collection districts the day on which it shall
hi' the duty of the t-aid collcetoia to commence laying and
coHi'etmst the annual direct ta^c by this act Said and im-
posed," See.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man read the seventh section? It is about col-
lectors that the gentleman is now reading; and I
spoke about assessors, not collectors.
Mr. STEVENS. " To commence laying and
collecting the tax." The collectors do not lay it.
1 say, sir, that, although these officers are to be
appointed immediately after the commencement
of Congress, they are not to proceed in the actual
discharge of their duty until directed by the Treas-
ury Department.
Now, then, what have we provided further?
That the States may assume these debts on or be-
fore the 1st of April, and that, if they do assume
them, then, so far as the assessment of real estate
