292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
and literature, preeminently distinguish the inhabitants of j
this State," &c.
This idea was not confined to localities. It was
extensively prevalent, though policy prompted
its occasional repudiation. At a meeting of the
people of Bibb county, Georgia, the subject was
discussed,and a constitutional monarchy was not
recommended for the southern States, " as recom-
mended by some of the advocates of immediate
disunion." Here is evidence that thepublicmind
had been sought to be influenced in that direc-
tion; but the people were not prepared for it.
Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, during the delivery of
a speech by Mr. A. H. Stephens, before the Le-
gislature of that State, did not hesitate to prefer
the form of the British Government to our own.
Notlong since—some time in the month of May
—I read in the Richmond Whig, published at the
place where their government is now operating,
the center from which they are directing their
armies which are making war upon this Govern-
ment, an article in which it is stated that rather
than submit to the Administration now in power
in the city of Washington, they would prefer
passing under the constitutional reign of the ami-
able Glueen of Great Britain. I agree, therefore,
with the Senator from Kentucky, that there is a
desire to change this Government. We see it
emanating from every point in the South. Mr.
Toombs was not willing to wait for the movement
of the people. Mr. Stephens, in his speech to the
Legislature of Georgia, preferred the calling of a
convention; but Mr. Toombs was unwilling to
wait. Mr. Stephens was unwilling to see any
violent action in advance of the action of the peo-
ple; but Mr. Toombs replied: " 1 will not wait;
1 will take the sword in my own hand, disregard-
ing the will of the people, even in the shape of a
convention;" and history will record that he kept
his word. He and others had become tired and
dissatisfied with a government of the people; they
have lost confidence in man's capacity for self-
government; and furthermore, they would be will-
ing to form an alliance with Great Britain; or, if
Great Britain were slow in forming the alliance,
with France; and they know they can succeed
there, on account of the hate and malignity which
exist between the two nations. They would be
willing to pass under the reign of the amiable and
constitutional Queen of Great Britain ! Sir, Ilove
woman, and woman's reign in the right place; but
when we talk about the amiable and accomplished
Ctueen of Great Britain, I must say that all our
women are ladies, all are queens, all are equal to
(otuecn Victoria, and many of them greatly her
superiors. They desire no such thing; nor do we.
Hence we see whither this movement is tending.
It is a change of Government; and in that the Sen-
ator and myself most fully concur.
The Senator from Kentucky was wonderfully
alarmed at the idea of a " dictator," and replied
with as much point as possible to the Senator
from Oregon, who made the suggestion. But, sir,
what do we find in the Richmond Examiner,
which is published at the seat of government of
the Eio-culled confederate States?
" In Hie late debates of the congress of this confedeiacy,
Mi. Wright, of Geoi«ia, showed a tine appreciation ot the
crisis when he advocated the grant of power to the presi-
dent that would enable hun to make immediate defense of
Richmond, and to biin<i the whole loree ot ihe conleileiaey
to hear on the ail airs of Vienna. It is heiethat the (ate of
the eonledeiaey is to be deeided ; and the time is too short
to permit led tape to jntertere with public safety. No
power in executive hands can be too yreat, no di>eietion
too absolute, at such moments as these. We need a dic-
tator [jet i.i\\>ers talk when the world has time to heat
them. Now let the swoid do Hs woik. Usuipations ot
power by the chief, for the pnseivatton of the people from
robbers and nuudereis, will be leckoned as genius and
patuotism by all sensible men in the woild now, and by
every lnstouan that will jud^o the deed heieattei
The articles of their leading papers, /he Whig
and the Examiner, and the speeches of their lead-
ing men, all show unmistakably that their great
object is to change the character of the Govern-
ment. Ilence we come back to the proposition
that it is a contest whether the people shall govern
or not. I have here an article that appeared in
the_ Memphis Bulletin, of my own State, ftom
which it appears that under this reign of secession,
this reign of teiror, this disintegrating dement
that is destructive of all good, and the accomplish or
of nothing that is right, they have got things be-
yond their control:
"In times tike. these, there must he one tilling powoi to
which all otheis must yield. ' In a multitude of counsel-
ors,' saith the Book of Books, 'there is safetybut no-
where aie we told, in histoiy or revelation, that there is
aught of safety in a multitude of iulet-> Any ' into of action,'
sometimes called the Mali,' is better than a multitude of
conflicting, irreconcilable statutes, Any one head is better
than forty, each of which may conceive Itself the nonpareil,
par excellence} supreme : caput' of all civil and military
atfaiis.
u Let Governor Harris be king, if need be, and Baugh a
despot."
" Let Governor Harris be king, and Baugh a
despot,"says the Bulletin. Who is Baugh? The
mayor of Memphis. The mob reign of terror
gotten up under this doctrine of secession is so
great that we find that they are appealing to the
one-man power. They are even willing to make
the mayor of the city a despot, and Isham G.
Harris, a little petty Governor of Tennessee, a
king. -He is to be made king over the State that
contains the bones of the immortal, the illustri-
ous Jackson. Isham G. Harris a king! Or Jeff.
Davis a dictator, and Isham G. Harris one of his
satraps. Heakingoverthe free and patrioticpeo-
ple of Tennessee I Isham G. Harris to be my king.
Yes, sir, my king! I know the man. 1 know
his elements. I know the ingredients that con-
stitute the compound called Isham G. Harris.
King Harris to be my master, and the master of
the people that I have the proud and conscious
sahsfactioii of representing on this floor! Mr.
President, he should not be my slave. [Applause
in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order! A
repetition of the offense will compel the Chair to
order the galleries to be cleared forthwith. The
order of the Senate must and shall be preserved.
No demonstrations of applause or of disappro-
bation will be allowed. The Chair hopes not to
bo compelled to resort to the extremity of clear-
the galleries of the audience.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was proceed-
ing with this line of aigument to show that in the
general proposition that there was a fixed determ-
ination to cnange the character and nature of the
Government, the Senator from Kentucky and my-
self agree; and so far I think 1 have succeeded
very well. And now, when we arc looking at the
elements of which this southern confederacy is
composed, it may bo well enough to examine the
principles of the elements out of which a govern-
ment is to be made that they prefer to this. We
have shown, so far as the slavery question is con-
cerned, that that whole question is settled; and it
is now shown to the Amciiean people and the
world that the people of the southern States have
now got no light which they said they had lost
before they went out of fhis Union; but, on the
contrary, many of their lights have been dimin-
ished, and oppression and tyranny have been in-
augurated in their stead. Let me ask you, sir,
to-day, and let me ask the nation, what right has
any State in this so-called confederacy lost under
the Constitution of the United States? Let me
ask each individual citizen in the United States,
what right has lie lost by the continuance of this
Government based on the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Is there a man North or South, East
or West, who can put his finger on one single
privilege, or one single right, of which he has been
deprived by the Constitution or Union of these
States? Can ho do it? Can he touch it ? Can
he see it? Can he feel it? No, sir; there is no
one right that he has lost. How many rights and
privileges, and how much protection have they
lost by going out of the Union, and violating the
Constitution of the United States?
Pursuing this line of aigument m regard to the
formation of their government, let us take South
Carolina, for instance, and see what hui notions
of government aie. She is the leading spirit, and
will constitute one of the master elements m the
formation of this confederate government when
it id formed. What qualifications has South
Carolina affixed upon even members of the Le-
gislature ? Let us see what are her notions of
government—a State that will contribute to the
permanent formation of the government that is to
exist hereafter In the constitution of South Car-
olina it is provided that—
"No peison shall be eligible to a seat in the House of
Representative^, mile-" ho is a fioo white man, of the age
of twentv-one yeats, and hath been a citizen and le-ident
of this State thiee yeais pievious to In* election, if a lev-
ident in the election dinner, he shall not he eligible to a
scat in the Ilou-e of Representatives, unless lie be legally
seized and possessed, m hisown right, of a settled freehold
estate of five Iiundied acres of land and ten negioes."
This is the notion that South Carolina has of
the necessary qualifications of a member of the
lower branch of the State Legislature. Now, I
desire to ask the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky—who seems to be so tenacious about com-
promises, about rights, and about the settlement
of this question, and who can discover that the
Constitution has been violated so often and so
flagrantly, yet never can see that it has been vio-
lated anywhere elso—if he desires to seek under
this South Carolina government for his lost
rights? I do not intena to be personal ? I wish
he were in his seat, for he knows that 1 have the
greatest kindness for him. I am free to say, in
connection with v/hat I am about to observe, that
I am a little selfish in this; because if I lived m
South Carolina, with these disabilities or qualifi-
cations afBxed upon a member, I would not.be
eligible to a seat in the lower branch of the Legis-
lature. That would be a poor place for me to go
and get my rights; would itnot? I doubt whether
the Senator from Kentucky is eligible to-day to a
seat in the lower branch of the Legislature of
South Carolina. I do not refer to him in any
other than the most respectful terms, but I doubt
whether he would be qualified to take a seat in
the lower branch of her Legislature. I should
not be, and I believe I am just as good as any
who do take seats there.
In lookingfurther into the constitution of South
Carolina, in order to ascertain what are her prin-
ciples of government, what do we find? We find
it provided that, in the apportionment of these
representatives, the whole number of white in-
habitants is to be divided by sixty-two, and every
sixty-second part is to have one member. Then
all the taxes are to be divided by sixty-two, and
every sixty-second part of the taxes is to have
one member also. Hence we see that slaves, con-
stituting the basis of property, would get the
largest amount of representation; and we see that
property goes in an equal representation to all the
numbers, while those numbers constitute a part
of the property-holders. That is the basis of their
representation.
Sir, that is not the place for me to go to get my
rights, nor do a large proportion of my people
think it is the place for them to go to get their
rights. Notwithstanding they have been borne
down; notwithstanding there has been an army of
fifty-five thousand men created by the Legisla-
ture; notwithstanding ^,5,000,000 of money has
beon appropriated to be expended against the
Union; and notwithstanding the arms manufac-
tured by the Government, and distributed among
the States for the protection of the people, have
been denied to them by this little petty tyrant of
a king, and are now turned upon the Government
for its overthrow and destruction, those people,
when left to themselves to carry out their own
government and the honest dictates of their own
consciences, will be found to be opposed to this
revolution.
Mr. President, while the congress of the con-
federate States was engaged in the formation of
their constitution, I find a protest from South
Carolina against a decision of that congress in
relation to the slave trade, in the Charleston Mer-
cury, of February 13. It is written by L. W.
Spratt to " Hon. John Perkins, delegate from
Louisiana." It begins in this way;
e' Fiom the abstiact of the constitution foi tliepiovisional
government, published m the papers this moininsr.it ap-
peals that the sla\o tiade, except with the slave States of
Noith America, -hall be piohiluted. The eoiujie—, thcrw-
loio, not content with the Jaws of the late United States
asram^t it, which, it h to be presumed, weic readoptcd,
have multeiahJy fixed the subject, by a piovisiou of the
constitution."
lie goes on and protests. We all know that
that constitution is made for the day, just for the
tune being, a mere tub thrown out to the whale,
to amuse and entertain the public mind for a time.
We know this to be so. But in making his argu-
ment what does he say? Mr. Spratt, a^commis-
sioner who went to Florida, a member of the
South Carolina convention that took the State out
of the Union, says in this protest:
" The South is now in the formation of a slave republic.
This, pel Imp-, is not admitted goni-ially. Their aie many
contented to believe that the South, as a geographical sec-
tion, is in uteie a-witum of its independence; that u is
ui-tinct with no especial tiuth—picynaut of no distinct
social uatiue, tli.it lor tome unaccountable leason, the
two sections hove become opposed to each othei ; that for
reasons equally insufficient, there is disagieement between
the people that direct them; and that fiom no oveiruling
