1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29S
necessity, no impossibility of coexistence, but as mere
matter of policy, it lias been considered best for tbc South
to s-trike out for herself, and establish an independence of
her own. This, I fear, is an inadequate conception of the
controversy."
This indicates the whole scheme*
"The contest is not between the North and South as
geographical sections, for between such section? mer-iy
thoie can be no contest; nor between the people of the
North and the people of the South, for our relations have
been pleasant; and on neutral gtounds tlnne i> still nothing
lo csti.uige as. We eat together, trade together, and prac-
tice yet, in intercourse, with jrrcat respect., the courtesies
of common life. But the ical coutcst is between the two
forms of society which have become established, the one
at the Nouh, and the other at the South.5'
Tiie protest continues:
"With that perfect econotnv of resources, that just ap-
plication of power, that concentration of Ibices, that secu-
rity of order which results to slavciy from the permanent
ducction of it* best intelligence, there is no other form of
human labor that can stand against it, and it will build j
itself a home, and eiect for itself at some point within the
picsent limits of the southern State*3, a stiucture of im-
pel ial powet and oamleur—a glorious confederacy of States
that will stand aloft and serene for ages amid the anarchy
of detnoeideies tliat will reel around it." * * * *
" Hut it may be that to this end another revolution may
be necessity. It is to be apprehended that this contest be-
tween democracy and slavciy is not yet over. It is certain
that hoth forms ofsoeicty exist within the limits ol'the south-
cm States; both are distinctly developed within the limits
of Vnginia; andllicre, whether we perceive the factor not,
the war already rages. Xn that State there .no about five
hundred thousand slaves to about one million of whites ;
and as at least as many slaves as masters ate necessary to
the constitution of slave society, about live hundred thou-
sand of the white population are 111 legitimate iclatlon to
the slave*, and the test are in excess."'
Hence wo sec the-propriety of Mr.'Mason's
letter, in which he declared that all those who
would not vote for secession must leave the State,
and thereby you get clear of the excess of popu-
lation to the slaves. They must emigrate.
"Like an excess of alkali or acid in chemical experi-
ments, they are unfixed m the social compound. Without
legitimate connection with the slave, they are in competi-
tion with him."
The protest continues:
" And even in tins State [South Carolina] the ultimate
result in not determined. The slave condition hem would
#seem to be established. There 1^ here an e.vee-^ of one
hundred and twenty thousand slaves; and here is lauly
exhibited the nonnal nature of the institution. The otli-
cers of the State ate slaveowners, and the representatives
of slaveowners. In their public acts they exhibit the eon-
fcciousnc«s of a supeiior position. Without unusual indi-
vidual ability, they exhibit the elevation of tone and coni-
pOMiic of public sentiment proper to a master class. There
is no appeal to the mass, (or there is no mass to appeal to;
there are no demagogues, (or there js no populace to breed
them; judges aic not luiced upon the >tump ; governors arc
not to bediagsod before the people; and when there is
cause to act upon the fortunes of om social institution,
there is peiiiap^ an unusual readme^ to meet it."
Aijain:
"It ih piobable that more abundant pauper laboi may
pour in, and it N to brt feared that even m this State, the
fmrr.-st m its- /-lave condition, demociacy may gain a foot-
hold, and that hen: abo tiie contest Jbr existence may be
* w a Lied between them.
'* It thu-, appears that the contest is not ended with a dis-
solution of the Union, and that the agents 01 that contest
still exist wilhm the hum- of the southern State- The
e,iUf'et: that have eoniubuted to the defeat of slavery still
oecui; nui ^bive^aie still drawn oil" by higher pnci's to the
We-t. Tin-it i- ^till foreign pauper labor icady to supply
ilien place. Man land. Virginia, Kentucky, Missoiu i, p-w-
Mbly Tennch-ec and North Carolina, may lose their slaves,
as New Yoik, Pennsylvania, and New Jeisev, have done
in that condition they must lecumuience the content. Tlieie
is no avoiding that necessity. The systems eamtot mix;
and thus it is ttj.it slavery, like the Thiacian hot-.e letnm-
ing from tiie field of vjetoiv, >.till beais a mastei on lus
back; and. having achievi d one involution to cseape de-
mocracy at the Noith, it must^till achieve anothei to e-eape
it at the South. That it will ultimately triumph none rati
doubt ft will beconn4 tedecined and vi'ndieatcd. and the
only question now to he deteunmed i*-', shall tlieie be uii-
other icvolution to that eud:'", «-•<.*
" If, m «.hoi(^you shall o\\ n =!aveiv as the somee ofvour
authuiiiy. and act foi it, and ercet. as you aie enmims-
sioued to'eiect, not only a southern, but a «lavo republic,
the work will be accomplished.*5 * * * *
" Kut if you shall not; it jou ^hall-commence by 121101-
ing U rivet j, or-hall be content to edge it on by indirection ;
if >ou shall exhibit care but loi Ihe Kpubiie, le-peet hut
a democracy; if you shall stipulate for the toleiation of
hl.ivery, as an cxi-tina evil, by admitting assumptions* it-
piejudiee, and icstuctions to its powei and ptogress, you
reiiiauguiato the blundei of 1780; you will combine States,
whethei tine, or not, to Md\ery ; jou will haw no te?ts or ;
faith: some will find it to then interests to abandon it;
slave labor w;!l be, l'etteicd; lutcling labor will be free;
your confederacy is agam divided into antagonistic socie-
ties.; the iirepies-ublo conlhct i^ aaain commenced; and a?
slavery can sustain the structure of a stable (iovotumimf, 1
and will sustain sueh stiuctiff, and as it Will sustain no 1
sti urtuie but its own.anothei revolution comes; but whethci
m the ouloi and pioprien oftliis, i-, gravely to be doubted.*'
In another part of this protest, I find this par-
ngvaph: .
"if the clai^e be carried into thepcrmanentgoveinment, I
our whole movement is defeated. It win abohtionizc the
border slave States—it will brand our institution. Slavery
cannot share a government with democracy—it cannot
bear a brand upon it; thence another revolution. It may
be pamtul, but we must make it. The Constitution can-
not be changed without. The border States, discharged of
siavoiy, will oppose it. They aie lo be included bj the
concession ; they will be sufficient to defeat 11. It is doubt-
ful if another movement will be as peaceful "
In this connection, let me read the following
paragraph from De Bow's Itericw:
government begins with usurpation, and is continued
by foice. Nature puts the ruling elements uppermost, and
the masses below and subject to'those elements. Less than
this is not government. The right to govern resides in a
vciy small mmoiity; the duty to obey is inherent in the
gieat mass of mankind."
We find by an examination of all these articles,
that the whole idea is to establish a republic based
upon slavery exclusively, in which the great mass
of the people are not to participate. We find an
argument made here against the admission of
non-slaveholding States into their confederacy. If
they refuse to admit a non-slavcholdmg State into
the confederacy, for the very same reason they
will exclude an individual who is not a slave-
holder, in a slaveholdingState, from participating
in the cxcrcise of the powers of the Government.
Take the whole argument through, and that is the
plain meaning of it. Mr. Spratt says, that sooner
or later it will be done; and if the present revolu-
tion will not accomplish it, it must be brought
about even if another revolution has to take place.
Wo sec, therefore, that it js most clearly contem-
plated to change the character and nature of the
Government so far as they are^oncerned. They
have lost confidence in the integrity, in the capa-
bility, 111 the virtue and intelligence of the great
mass of the people to govern. Sir, in the section
of the country where I live, notwithstanding we
reside in a slave State, we believe that freemen
are capable of self-government. We care not in
what shape their property exists; whether it is
in the shape of slaves or otherwise. "We hold
that it is upon the intelligent free white people
of the country that all Governments should rest,
and by them all Governments should be con-
trolled.
1 think, therefore, sir, that the President and
the Senator from Kentucky have stated the ques-
tion aright. This is a struggle between two forms
of government. It is a struggle for the existence
of the Government we have. The issue is now
fairly made up. All those that favor free gov-
ernment must stand with the Constitution, and in
favor of the Union of the States as it is. That
Union being once restoicd, the Constitution again
becoming supreme and paramount, when peace,
law, and order, shall be restored, when the Gov-
ernment shall bo restored to its pristine position,
then, if necessary, we can come forward under
proper and favorable circumstances to amend,
change, alter, and modify the Constitution, as
pointed out by the fifth article of the instrument,
and thereby perpetuate the Government. This
can be, done, and tins should be done.
We have heard a great deal said in reference to
the violation of the Constitution. The Senator
fiom Kentucky seems exceedingly sensitive about
violations of the Constitution. Sir, it seems to
mo, admitting that his apprehensions are well
founded, that a violation of the Constitution for
the preservation of the Government, is more tol-
erable than one for its destruction. In all these
complaints, in all these airai^nme'nts of the pres-
ent U-o\er mcnt for violation of law ami disic-
gard of the Constitution, have you beard, as was
forcibly and eloquently said by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] before me, one word
said against violations of the Constitution and
the trampling under foot of law by the States, or
the patty, now making war upon the Govern-
ment of the United States? Not one word, sir.
The Senator enumerates what he calls viola-
tions of the Constitution—the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, the proclaiming of martial
law, the increase of the Army and Navy, and the
existing war; and then he asks, " Why all this?"
The answer must be apparent to all.
But first, let me supply a chronological table
of events on the other side.
December 27. Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinck- :
ney, at Charleston,seized.
December 27. The revenue cutter William
Aiken surrendered by her commander, and taken
possession of by South Carolina.
December 30. The United States arsenal at
Charleston seized.
January 2. Ports Pulaski and Jackson, and tiie
United States arsenal, at Savannah, seized by
Georgia troops,
January 2. Fort Macon and the United States
arsenal at Fayetteville seized by North Caro-
lina.
January 4. Fort Morgan and the United States
arsenal at Mobile seized by Alabama.
January 8. Forts Johnson and Caswell, at
Smithville, seized by North Carolina; restored
by order of Governor Ellis.
January i). The Star of the West, bearing re-
inforcements for Major Anderson, fired at in
Charleston harbor.
January 12. Fort McRae, at Pensacola, seized
by Florida.
January 10. The steamer Marion seized by
South Carolina; restored on the 11th.
January 11. The United States arsenal at Baton
Rouge, and FT>rts Pike, St. Philip, and Jackson,
seized by Louisiana.
January 11. Fort Barrancas and the navy-yard
at Pensacola seized by Florida.
These forts cost $5,947,000, are pierced for one
thousand and ninety-nine guns, and are adapted
for a war garrison of five thousand four hundred
and thirty men.
We find, as was shown here the other day, and
as has been shown on former occasions, that the
State of South Carolina scc'cded, or attempted to
sccede, and withdrew from this confederacy of
States without cause. In seceding, her first step
was a violation of the Constitution. She seceded
on the 20th of last December, making the first in-
novation and violation of the law ana the Consti-
tution of the country. On the 27th day of Decem-
ber what did she tta? She seized Fort Moul-
trie and Castle Pinckney, and caused your little
band of sixty or seventy men under the command
of Major Anderson to retire to a little pen in the
ocean—Fort Sumter. She commenced erecting
batteries, arraying cannon, preparing for war; in
fftbef, proclaiming herself at once our enemy.
Seceding from the Union, taking Fort Sumter and
Castle Pinckney, driving your men in fact into
Fort Sumter, I say were practical acts of war.
You need not talk to me about technicalities, and
the distinction that you have got no war until
Congress declares it. Congress could legalize it,
or could make war, it is true; but that was prac-
tical war. Who began it? Then, sir, if South
Carolina secedes, withdraws from the Union, be-
comes our common enemy, is it not the duty, the
constitutional duty of the Government and of the
President of the United States to make war, or to
resist the attacks and assaults made by an enemy?
Is she not as much our enemy as Great Britain
was in the revolutionary struggle? Is she not
to-day as much our enemy as Great Britain was
during the war of 1812?
In this connection, I desire to read some re-
marks made by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Polk] in his speech the other day, in regard to
this general idea of who made the war. He said,
speaking of the war:
This hamuli been brought about since tbc adjournment of
the last Comire^s—since lire 4ih of Match; indeed, since
the l.'ub of April. Congre^ luw declared no war. The
Oon^M tut 1011 of the United State-* * that Congress shall
be authoi tzed to deelaic warand j et, sn, though Con-
pies> hiis declared no war, wo ate in the muKt oi a war
monvinms 111 its character, and huirely monstrous 111 its pio- '
imitions. That war has been biought on by the President
ot the United Htates since the 4th of Match, of his own
motion and of bis own wrong; and under what circum-
stances? Betoic the clovc ot the hv-t Congress, as early as
I lie month of Jauuaiy, recession was an accomplished fact.
l$etoie the elosy of the hist Congrcsd, as many States had
seeded fiont the Union, or had claimed to seeede, as had
on the 15th of April; and yet the la&t Congress made no
dcchuation of war; the last Uonsri ess passed no legislation
calculated to carry on a war; the last Confess refused to
pas« bills having this direction, or having any purpose of
coeiejon. Now, sir, how has this war been brought on ? I
have s «ud that, hi my judgment, it has b^en brought on by
the Pi evident of the tJnited States; and a portion of the
pioeeduiu which lias lesuftcd in it is named in the pream-
ble ol this joint lesohuion, which it is pioposcd that we
s.hall approve and legalize."
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Poweli,]
spoke pretty much in the same language. Speak-
ing of the refusal of Kentucky to respond to the
lirstcal! of the President for seventy-five thousand
men, he said:
" She believed that the calling forth of such an immense
armament was for the purpose of making a war of subjuga-
tion on the southern States, and upon that ground she
