1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
violation of the constitution -of the confederate
■States, but In violation of the law of nations; for
no people—I care not by what name you call it—
has a right to issue letters of marque and reprisal
until its independence is first acknowledged as a
separate and distinct power. Has that been done?
I think, therefore, Senators can find some little
violation of constitution and law down there among
themselves. Sir, they have violated the law and
die Constitution every step they progressed in
going there, and liow they violate it in trying to
•come this way. There was a general license
offered, a premium offered, to every freebooter,
to every man who wanted to plunder and play the
pirate on the high seas, to come and take a com-
mission, and plunder in the name of the southern
confederacy; to take, at that time, the prop-
erty of Tennessee or the property of Kentucky,
your beef, your pork, your flour, and every other
product making its way lo a foreign market. Mr.
Davis authorized letters of marque and reprisal
to pick them up and appropriate them. After that,
iheir congress saw that he had gone ahead of
then* constitution and the laws of nations, and
they passed a law modifying the issuance of let-
ters of marque and reprisal, that they should prey
upon the property of the citizens of the United
States, excepting certain States—excepting Ken-
tucky and Tennessee—holding that out as a bait,
as an inducement to get them in.
I do not think, therefore, when we approach
the subject fairly and squarely, that there was
any very great wrong in the President of the
United States, on the 19th, issuing Ins proclama-
tion blockading their ports, saying you shall not
have the oppoitunity, so far as I can prevent it,
of plundering and appropriating other people's
property oil the high seas. I think he did pre-
cisely what was right. He would have been
del diet to his duty, and to the high behest of the
American people, if he had sot heie and failed to
exert every power within his reach and senpe to
protect the property of citizens of the United
States on the high seas.
Senators seem to think it is no violation of the
Constitution to make war on your Government;
and when its enemies are stationed in sight of the
capital, there is no alarm, no dread, no scaie, no
fright. Some of us would not fuel so vcrycom-
foitable if they were to get this city. I believe
there are others who would not be very much
disturbed. I do not think I could sleep right
sound if they were in possession of this city; not
that [ believe I am more timid than most men,
but 1 do not believe there would be much quarter
for me; and, by way of self-protection, and en-
joying what few rights I have remaining, I expect
it would be better, if they were in possession of
this city for me to be located in some other point,
not too inconvenient or too remote. 1 behove
there are others who would foci very comfortable
here.
Then, Mr. President, in tracing this subject
along, I cannot see what great wrong has been
committed by the Government in taking the couise
it lias taken. I repeat again, this Government is
now passing through its third ordeal; and the time
has arrived when it should put forth its entire
power, and say to rebels and traitors wherever
they are, that the supremacy of the Constitution,
and laws made in pursuance thereof, shall be sus-
tained; that those citizens who have been borne
down and tyranni7ed over, and who have had
laws of treason passed against them in their own
♦States and threatened with confiscation of prop-
erty, shallbe protected. I say it is the paramount
duty of this Government to assert its power and
maintain its integrity. I say it is the duty of this
Government to protect those Stales, or the loyal
citizens of those States m the enjoyment of a re-
publican form of government: for we have seen
one continued system of usurpation carried on,
from one end of these southern States to the other,
disregarding the popular judgment; disregarding
the popular will: setting at defiance the judgment
of the people; disregai ding their rights; paying
no attention to tfceir State constitutions in any
sense whatever. We are bound, under the Con-
stitution, to protect those States and their citizens.
We are bound to guaranty to them a republican
form of government; it is our duty to do it. If
we have got no Government, let the delusion be
dispelled; let the dream pass away; and let the
people of the United States, and the nations of the
earth, know at once that we have no Government,
If we have a Government, based on the intelli-
gence and virtue of the American people, let that
great fact be now established, and once estab-
lished, this Government will be on a more endur-
ing and permanent basis than it ever was before.
I still have confidence in the integrity, the virtue,
the intelligence, and the patriotism of the great
mass of the people; and so believing, 1 intend to
stand by the Government of my fathers to the last
extremity.
In the last presidential contest I am free to say
that I took some part. I advocated the preten-
sions and claims of one of the distinguished sons
of Kentucky, as a Democrat. I am a Democrat
to-day; I expect to die one. My Democracy rests
upon the great principle I have stated; and in the
support of measures, I have always tried to be
guided by a conscientious conviction of right; and
I have laid down for myself, as a rule of action,
in all doubtful questions, to pursue principle; and
in the pursuit of a great principle I can never
reach a wrong conclusion. I intend, in this case,
to pursue principle. Iam a Democrat, believing
the principles of this Government arc Democratic.
It is based upon the Democratic theory. I believe
Democracy can stand, notwithstanding all the
taunts and jeers that are thrownatitthroughoutthe
southern confederacy. The principles which I call
Democracy—I care not by what name they are
sustained, whether by Republicans, by Whigs,
or not—are the great principles that lie at the
foundation of this Government, and they will be
maintained. We have seen that so far the exper-
iment has succeeded well; and now we should
make an effoit, in this last ordeal through winch
we are passing, to crush out the fatal doctrine of
secession and those who are cooperating with it
in the shape of rebels and traitors.
X advocated the professions of a distinguished
son of Kentucky at the late election, for the rea-
son that I believed he was a better Union man
than any other candidate in the field. Others ad-
vocated the claims of Mr. Bell, believing him to
be a better Union man; others those of Mr. Doug-
las. In the South we know that there was no
Republican ticket. 1 was a Union man then; I
was a Union man in 1833; I am a Union man now.
And what has transpired since the election in No-
vember last that has produced sufficient cause to
breakup this Government? The Senator from
California enumerated the facts up to the 25th
day of May, i860, when there was a vote taken
in this body declaring that further legislation was
not necessary for the protection of slave property
in the Territoi i<s. Now, from the (jth of Novem-
ber up to the 20th of December, tell mo what trans-
pired of sufficient cause to break up this Govern-
ment? Was there any innovation, was there any
additional step taken m reference to the rights of
the States or the institution of slavery? If the
candidate whose claims I advocated had been
elected President—1 speak of him as a candidate,
of course not meaning to be personal—1 do not
believe this Government would have been broken
up.' If Stephen A. Douglas had been elcctecl, I
do not believe this Government would have been
broken up. Why? Because those who advo-
cated the pretensions of Mr. Lincoln would have
done as all parties have done heretofore: ihcy
would have yielded to the high behest 6f the
American people.
Then, is the mere defeat of one man, and the
election of another, according to the forms oflaw
and the Constitution, sufficient cause to bieakup
this Government? No; it is not sufficient cause.
Do we not know, too, that if all the seceding Sen-
ators had stood heie as faithful sentinels, repie-
senting the interests of their States, they had it
in their power to check any advance that might
bo made by the incoming Administration. I
showed these facts, and enumerated them at the
last session. They were shown here the other
day. On the 4th of March, when PrcsidentLin-
coln was inaugurated,'we had a majority of six
upon this floor in opposition to his Administra-
tion. Whue, tin n, is theie even a pretext for
bieakmg up the Government upon the idea that
he would have enct oached upon our rights ? Does
not the nation know that even Mr. Lincoln could
not h'u-e made his cabinet without the consent of
the majority of the Senate? Do we notknow that
he could not even have sent a minister abroad
without the majority of the Senate confuming the
nomination? Do we not know that if any min-
ister whom he sent abroad should make a treaty-
inimical to the institutions of the South, that
treaty could not have been ratified without a ma-
jority of two thirds of the Senate?
With all these facts staring them in the face,
where is the pretense for breaking up this Gov-
ernment? Is it not clear that there has been a
fixed purpose, a settled design to break up the
Government and change the nature and character
and whole genius of the Government itself? Docs
it not prove conclusively, as there was no cause,
that they simply selected it as an occasion that was
favorable to excite the prejudices of the South,
and thereby enable them to break up this Govern-
ment and establish a southern confederacy ?
Then when we get at it, what is the real cause?
If Mr. Davis liai been elected President of the
United States, it would have been a very nice
thing, he would have respected the judgment of
the people, and no doubt.his confidence in their
capacity for Self government would have been in-
creased; but it so happened that he was not elected.
Th^y thought proper to elect somebody else, ac-
cording to law and the Constitution. Then, as
all parties had done heretofore, it was the duty of
the whole people to acquiesce; if he made a good
President, sustain him; if he became a bad one,
condemn him; if he violated the law and the Con-
stitution, impeach him. We had our remedy under
the Constitution and in the Union.
What is the real cause? Disappointed ambi-
tion; an unhallowed ambition. Certain men could
not wait any longer, and they seized this occasion
to do what they had been wanting to do for a
long time—break up the Government. If the'y
could not rule a large country, they thought they
might rule a small one. Hence one of the prime
movers in the Senate ceased to be a Senator, and
passed out to be president of the southern con-
federacy. Another, that was bold enough on this
floor to proclaim himself a rebel, letiied as a Sen-
ator, and became secretary of state. All perfect-
ly disinterested, no ambition about it! Another,
Mr. Benjamin, of Louisiana—one that under-
stands something about the idea of dividing gar-
ments; who belongs to that tribe that parted the
garments of our Saviour, and for his vesture cast
lots—went out of this body and was made attor-
ney general, to show his patriotism and disin-
terestedness—nothing else! Mr. SlidclJ,disinter-
ested altogether, is to go as minister to France.
I might enumerate many such instances. This
is all patriotism, pure disinterestedness! Do we
not see where it all ends? Disappointed, impa-
tient, unhallowed ambition. There has been no
cause for breaking up this Government; there have
been no rightsdenied,no privileges trampled upon
under the Constitution and Union, that might not
have been remedied more effectually in the Union
than outside of it. What rights are to be attained
outside of the Union ? Thescceders have violated
the Constitution, trampled it under foot; and
what is their condition now? Upon the abstract
idea that they had a right to secede, they have
gone out; and what is the consequence? Oppres-
sion, taxation, blood, and civil war. They rea-
soned upon the principle of a madman, who hap-
pened to discover somehow that man had domin-
ion over the beasts of the forest; and because he
had, he said he had a right to sheai a wolf. A
tnend remonstrated with him, and asked him if
he had considered the danger and the difficulty of
the attempt to shear a wolf; and after the shear-
ing was over, what would it be worth? "Oil
no,"'said he, in the midst of his frenzy and mad-
ness, " I have a right to shear a wolf, and there-
fore I will shear a wolf." Yes, they have sheared
the wolf, and what has come? Thoy have gone
out of the Union; and, I repeat again, they have
got taxes, usurpations, blood, and civil war.
I said just now that I had advocated the elec-
tion to the Presidency of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky, on the ground that he was
a good Union man. I wish we could now hear
his eloquent voice in favor of the old Government
of our fathers, and in vindication of the stars and
stripes, that have been borne in triumph every-
where until a very recent date. I hold in my
hand a document which was our textbook in the
campaign. It is headed " Breckinridge and Lane
Campaign Document No. 16. Who arc the dis-
unionists? Breckinridge and Lane the true
Union candidates." It contains an extract which
