1861-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
after times, the spot where the Goddess of Liberty
lingered and wept for the lust time, before she
took her flight from a people once prosperous,
free, and happy.
Wc ask the Government to come to our aid.
Wc love the Constitution as made by our fathers
We lmve confidence in the integrity and capacity
of the people to govern themselves. We have
lived entertaining these opinions; we intend to
dieentertainingthem. The battle has commenced.
The President has placed it upon the true ground.
It is an issue on the one hand for the people's
Government, and its overthrow on the other. We
have commenced the battle of freedom. It lsfree-
dom's cause. We are resisting usurpation and
oppression. We will triumph; wc must tuumph.
Right is with us. A great and fundamental piin-
cipie of right, that lies at the foundation of all
things, is with us. We may meet with impedi-
ments, and may moot with disasters, and here and
there a defeat; hut ultimately freedom's cause
must triumph, for—
" Freedom's battle once begun,
bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Though balfled oft, is ever won."'
Yes, we must triumph. Though sometimes I
cannot see my way clear in matters of this kind,
as in matters of religion, when my facts give out,
when my reason fails me, I draw largely upon
my faith. My faith is strong, based on the eter-
nal principles of right, that a thing so monstrously
wrong as this rebellion is, cannot triumph. Can
we submit to it? Can bleeding justice submit to
it? Is the Senate, are the American people, pre-
pared to give up the graves of Washington and
Jackson, to be encircled and governed and con-
trolled by a combination of traitors and rebels? I
say let the battle go on—it is freedom's cause—
until the stars and stripes (God bless them) shall
again be unfurled upon every cross road, and from
every house top throughout the Confederacy,
North and South. Let the Union be reinstated;
let the law be enforced; let the Constitution be
supreme.
If the Congress of the United Suites were to
give up the tombs of Washington end Jackson,
we should have vising up m our midst another
Peter the Hermit, m a much more righteous cause
—for ours is tiuc, while his was a delusion—who
would appeal to the Amcucan people and point
to the tombs of Washington and Jackson, m the
.possession of those who are worse than the in-
fidel and the Turk who held the Holy Sepulcher.
I believe the American people would start of then-
own accord, when appealed to, to redeem the
graves of Washington and Jackson and Jeiler-
son,andall the other patriots who are lying within
the limits of the southern confederacy. 1 do not
believe they would stop the march, until again the
Hag of this Union would be placed over the graveu
of those distinguished men. There will be an
uprising. Do not talk about Republicans now;
do not talk about Democrats now; do not talk
about Whigs or Americans now; talk about your
country and the Constitution and the Union.
Save that; preserve the integrity of the Govern-
ment; once more place it erect among the nations
of the earth; and then if we want to divide about
questions that may arise m our midst, we have a
Government to divide in.
I know it has been said that the object of this
war is to make war on southern institutions. I
have been in free States and I have beep m slave
States, and 1 thank God that, so far as I have
been, there has been one universal disclaimer of
any such purpose. It is a war upon no section;
it is a war upon no peculiar institution; but it is
a war for the integrity of the Government, for
the Constitution, and the supremacy of the laws.
That is what the nation understands by it.
I have already detained the Senate much longer
than I intended when I rose, and I shall conclude
in a few words more. Although the Government
has met with a little reverse within a short dis-
tance of fins city, no one should be discouraged
and no heart should be dismayed. It ought only
to prove the necessity of bringing forth and ex-
erting still more vigoi ously the power of the Gov-
ernment in maintenance of the Constitution and
the laws. Let the energies of the Go\eminent be
redoubled, and let it go on with this wai—not a
wai upon sections, not a war upon peculiar insti-
tutions anywhere; but let the Constitution and
the Union be its frontispiece, and the supremacy
and enforcement ofthelaws its watchword. Then
it can, it will, go on triumphantly. We must !
succeed. This Government must not, cannot fail.
Though your flag may have trailed in the dust;
though a retrograde movement may have been
made; though the banner of our country may
have been sullied, let it still bo borne onward;
and if, for the prosecution of this war in behalf
of the Government and the Constitution, it is
necessary to cleanse and purify that banner, I say
let it be baptized in fire from the sun and bathed
in a nation's bloo'd! The nation must be redeemed;
it must be.triumphant. The Constitution—which
is based upon principles immutable, and upon
which rest the rights of man and the hopes and
expectations of those who love freedom through-
out the civilized world—must bo maintained.
The people whom I represent appeal to the
Government and to the nation to give us that
constitutional protection that we need. 1 am
proud to say that I have met with every-manifes-
tation of that kind in the Senate, with only a few
dissenting voices. I am proud to say, too, that
I believe old Kentucky, God bless her! will ulti-
mately rise and shake off the stupor which has
been resting upon her; and instead of denying us
the privilege of passing through her borders, and
taking arms and munitions of war to enable a
downtrodden people to defend themselves, will
not only give us that privilege, but will join us
and help us in the work. The people of Ken-
tucky love the Union; they love the Constitution;
they have no fault to find with it; but in that
State they have a duplicate to the Governor of
ours. When we look all around, we see how the
Governors of the different States have been in-
volved in this conspiracy—the most stupendous
and gigantic conspiracy that was ever iormi-d,
and as corrupt and as foul as that attempted by
Catiline in the days of ltonic. We know it to
be so. Have wo not known men to sit at their
desks in this Chamber, using the Government's
stationery to write treasonable letters; and while
receiving their pay and sworn to support the
Constitution and sustain the law, engaging in
midnight conclaves to devise ways and means
by winch the Government and the Constitution
should be overthrown ? The charge was made
and published in the papers. Many things we
know that we cannot put our finger upon; but wc
know from the coneei t of action, the regular steps
that were taken in this work of breaking up the
Government, or trying to break n up, that there
was system, concert of action. It is a scheme
more corrupt than the assassination planned and
conducted by Catiline in reference to the Roman
Senate. The time luis arrived when we should
show to the nations of the earth that we are a
nation capable of preserving our existence, and
give them evidence that we will do it.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until Mon-
day; and th.it the Senate proceed to the consid-
eiation of executive business.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I have no objection to the
first motion of the gentleman, but 1 object to his
putting another motion on top of it. One ques-
tion at a time, Mi. Piesident.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
I believe that motion is in order.
Mr. COELAMER. I have a small bill here.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, the question
pending is on deferring this subject until Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman.)
It is moved that this joint resolution be postponed
until Monday at one o\ lock, and made the spe-
cial order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLKCTION 01? DUTIES.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a very small bill,
Mr. President, m addition to an act passed at this
session, and m explanation of it, which 1 desire
to put upon its passage now, unless there be some
objection. In a bill passed by us in the eai !y pai t
of'the session, the President was authorized by
one section of jt, in case of an insurrection m any
State or part of a State, to declare and pioclaim
tin people of that State or port of a State in a con-
dition of insurrection; and then certain provisions
followed. Now, n doubt has arisen upon the
whole context of that section, as to whether it
would apply except to that part in which the in-
surrection existed when the militia was first called
out, such is the peculiar phraseology of it. To
remove doubt about that, I present this bill, which
merely provides that the power of the President
to declare the inhabitants of any State, or any
part of a State, in a state of insurrection, as pro-
vided in the fifth section of that act, shall extend
to and include any State or part of a State where
such an insurrection exists against the United f
States, and this shall be-found so to be by the
President at any time. That is all.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 51,) m
addition to tin act entitled An act further to pro-'
vide for the collection of duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved July, 3861, was
read three times, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twicc by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 59) for the relief of John C. Mc-
Connell—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
A hill (No. 78) to amend an act entitled t( Ai*
act supplementary to the act entitled 'An act pro-
viding for a naval peace establishment, and for
other purposes,' " passed March 27,1804—to the-
Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on the bill (S. No. 3) providing"
for the better organization of the military estab-
lishment.
ENR0I.LED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore.
A bill (S. No. 2) to increase the present mili-
tary establishment of the United States; and
A hill (II. It. No. 20) to provide for the sup-
pression of rebellion against any resistance to the
laws of the United States, and to amend the ac$
entitled " An act to provide for the calling forth
of the militia to execute the laws of the Union*5*
&c., passed February 28, 1795.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask leave from the Com-
mittee on Finance to submit an amendment to the
bill that was made the special oidcr for this morn-
ing at half past twelve o'clock. 1 desiieto have?
the amendment printed for the use o£thc Senate-
3 should like to call that hill up, in order to brailce-
it the special order for Monday, at half past twelve
o'clock. I move to take it up.
The motflon was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 54) to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the bill be post-
poned until Monday next, at half past twelve-
o'clock, and made the special order for that hour;
and that the auicudmcntt which I now propose, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages, in writing, were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Nicolay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and,
after some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July x27, 1SGJ.
The House met at twcl vc o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev Tiioma* II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved,
MARITIME IttOIITS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
To I he How of Representatives:
In answer to the ievolution of the House of Represent-
