1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80i
Mr. ELIOT. I raise the question of orderthat,
on the discussion of an amendment to a section of
the bill, it is not in order to move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. A motion to strike out the enact-
ing clause of a bill takes precedcnce of a motion
to amend.
Mr. ELIOT. While a motion to amend is
under discussion'
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The motion to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill I understand to be
debatable without limit.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate in committee
upon this bill lias been limited to five-minutes
speeches. The only question in the mind of the
Chair is, whether the motion is debatable at all.
The Chair is ofopinion that, inasmuch astheeffect
of the motion, if carried, is to require the commit-
tee to rise, it is not debatable.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Chair will recol-
lect, however, that by the rule of the House,every
motion, to amend is debatable, no matter what the
effect of the motion may be. The effect of the
motion is not what is to control the Chair in de-
ciding whether it i« debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, upon reflec-
tion, is confirmed in his decision that the motion
to strike out the enacting clause of the bill is not
debatable. The resolution adopted by the House
cuts off all debate, with the single exception that
a member may speak five minutes in favor of an
amendment, and another member five minutes
against it. The rule provides that a motion to
strike out the enacting clause shall take precedence
of a motion to amend, clearly deteimining that
it is not a motion to amend; and the Clnur can
see no other course, therefore, than to decide that
the motion is not debatable.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Still it is a motion to
amend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair dislikes very
much to place his opinion in opposition to that
of a gentleman so well versed in parliamentary
law as the gentleman from Illinois. He has, how-
ever, intimated Uis decision. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will hear discussion upon both
sides of the motion*.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 object. We had better
stick to the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois, that if he doubts the
correctness of his decision he will not feel ag-
grieved if the gentleman takes an appeal, and the
committee overrule his decision.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no disposition
at all to appeal fiom the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the consent of the
committee, then, to submit a few remarks 111 stip-
portof the motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. If we open the
debate at large, we shall never get through with
this bill. I desire to get through with it, and 1
shall therefore object "to every thing winch the
orders of the House do not allow.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to permit a little debate
upon this motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania persist in his objection?
Mr. STEVENS. I certainly do. I did not
make it frivolously.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory
and Stevexs were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 46; 110 quorum voting.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names :
Messrs. Aldricti, Ancona, Apploton, Goldsmith F. liaitcy,
J3akoi, William G. lJiown, Buniham, l.'oopi-i, Oovode,
(hitlei, Davis, Deiapiaine, Ddwauis, Ely, Fenlon, Fisher,
Goodwin, Hale, tliekinan, Ifntchins, John-'on, Fnnicis W.
Kello^, Kerrenn, KiHin^ei, Laze-ar, Looni:-. May, Mc-
Knadit. M.'ti^fon. Mitchell, Mooihoad, Mom^, Nixon,
AToble. No?'!!. Patton, Pcfty, Jatne~ S. Uohms, Shanks,
Sloan, John IS. Steele, lionjaiiitu F. Thorns, Francis
Thomas, Time, Trimble. \ eu-ee, Ward, C'lniton A. White,
and Wood.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the additional revenue bill; and finding itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and had instructed him to report the facts to the
House, with the names of the absentees.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Nicolay, his Pri-
vate Secretary, announcing that he had approved
and signed bills originating in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the following titles:
An act (No. 25) making additional appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government? for the year ending
the 30th June, 1862, and appropriations of an ear-
ages for the year ending 30th June, 18G1;
An act (No. 69) to indemnify the States for ex-
penses incurred by them in defense of the United
States;
An act (No. 7G) to provide for the payment of
the police organized by the United States for the
city of Baltimore; and to enable the Mint to/ur-
nish small gold coins; and to provide for the man-
ufacture or purchase of field signals;
An act (No. 53) relative to the revenue marine,
to fix the compensation of officers thereof, and
for other purposes; and
An act (No. C-i) to refund the duties on arms
imported by the States. .
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
A quorum of the House having appeared, tlie
committee again resumed its session, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,) the question being on striking
out the enacting clause of the bill, upon which
tellers had been ordrred.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the motion to strike out the en-
acting clause be carried by the committee and the
bill be taken to the House, it will then be in order
to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would reply
to the gentleman's question in the negative. Un-
der the rule, as amended at the last Congress, if
the House concur with the committee in striking
out the enacting clause, the bill is dead. If the
House non-concur with the committee, the effect
is to immediately send the bill back to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, to be placed at the foot of
the Calendar.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Docs the Chair decide
that it would not be in the power of the House to
refer the bill back to the Committee of Ways and
Means >
The CHAIRMAN. That question will be for
the Speaker of the House to decide, if the com-
mittee shall decide to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill. The Chair has given his opinion; but
it is merely an opinion on his part. It will be for
the Speaker to decide.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suppose if the House
do not concur with the Committee of the Whole
in striking out the enacting clause, it is clcarlyin
their power to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Moans.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that it will bo proper for the gentleman to state
his point of order to the Speaker, when the bill
shall be taken before the House. The Chair has
no control over the subject, lie has merely inti-
mated his opinion, which, however, is in accord-
ance with a former opinion of the Speaker of the
House.
The tellers then resumed their places.
The committee again divided; and the telleis
repoited—ayes 58, noes 55.
So the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
out.
The committee thenrose;and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 71, to provide additional levenue
for defraying the expenses of Government, and
maintaining the public credit by the assessment
and colic* tion of a direct tax and internal duties,
and had director! him to report the same back to
the House with the recommendation that the en-
acting clause be stricken out.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, My object, Mr. Speaker,
in rising, is to ascertain, in the first instance,
whether, upon this report of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the'Union, a motion to
recommit this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means is in order? :
Mr. STEVENS. Is that motion in order? The
bill is dead, as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. It is not dead yet. The
House has not concurred with the committee in
striking out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill is reported as dead, .
and remains so unless it is revived by the House,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the committee have reported the bill back to the
House, with the recommendation that the enact-
ing clause be stricken out. If the House concur
in that recommendation, the bill is dead. If the
House refuse to concur in it, it must go back to
committee, and take its place at the foot of the
Calendar. But while the bill is before the House,
with the question of striking out the enacting
clause undecided, it is competent to refer it to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MALLORY. Is notthe first question upon
concurring in the report of the committee?
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion to commit, ill the opinion of the
Chair. The gentleman from Kentucky, as the
Chair understands him, moves to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the bill be lecoinmitteii to the Committee
ofWaj s and Means, with instructions to repoi t, on or before
theeiiihtoeiith day of the niwtsosbion, n bill i('modeling the
pieiont tniiffot'duties on inipoits, with a view to the pro-
duction ot- revenue ; and if, in the opinion of the committee,
such modifications will not produce a sum equal to the
demands of the Government, then that they to modify this
lull ;is to liiipo:.!' a tax equally upon lhe propeitv of the
eonntiy, embracing money, stocks, and moitgages, in the
list ot taxation.
Mr. Chairman, I will accompany my resolution
with a few words of explanation. Thcotherday
I made the suggestion that an increase of taxation
to meet the demands of the Government seemed
to bo the inevitable result of our present condition.
The.mode and manner of increase required, I then
stated, more investigation than we had time to
give it. There seems to bo a general opinion on
all sides of the House that the Government must
be maintained, and that to do so some additional
taxation to preserve our credit must be imposed.
What shall be the mode and manner of that tax-
ation is a question about which I think members
are much divided, and there may be still greater
division among our constituents in the country.
I am perfectly satisfied, sir, that the hill which
we have under consideration cannot, will not,
meet with favor from the American people. It is
unjust in its main principles. It proposes to im-
pose a tax upon a great interest of the country
least able to bear it at this tune—I allude to the
landed and farming interest of the country. I sub-
mit my resolution, predicating it upon the fact ,,
stated by the bill itself that it is not intended to go
into operation until after the meeting of the next
session of Congress. If it be not necessary to
pass it until then, mi hono? Why pass it now?
Wo have not now the time to consider it and to
deliberate upon its provisions properly. Are we
here for the purpose of forming a permanent sys-
tem of revenue to meet the exigencies of the coun-
try 5 I think not. If the bill purported to get the
money between this and the next meeting of Con-
gress," there might be some reason for pressing its
passage upon the House. My desire is, that this
subject of taxation in a time of war should be
taken up with deliberation. I want the whole re-
sources of the country able to meet the demands
of the Government resorted to, as was the case in
1812-13. Our people demand a tax upon the com-
merce of the country with an'eyc to revenue, and
not with a view to any peculiar favoritism of any
section or any manufacturing interest. The pies-
ent tariff was passed at a time when the present
condition of affairs was not expected. We must
yie'd, sir, to the demands of the country.
Mr. Chairman, I remarked the other day that,
in times like this, as it was in 1812; the ability of
the country to consume articles of luxury cannot
be invoked; but that a resort must be had to a
tax upon the necessary articles of consumption,
in order to reach an adequate revenue. Hence,
sir, the necessity for a revision of your tariff. If
