304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27.
tachedtoit. That is, that I am not wedded to this
particular bill, l^utam in favor of any bill which
may be better, and which will bring present relief
to the country. But the gentleman's bill, unfortu-
nately, has not yet seen the light. It is a thing
which he tells us is going to be. I will consider
it when it comes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman whether
he expects immediately to collect this tax from
disloyal States?
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman has not
any more important question to ask, I hope he
\xrill not interrupt me. I state to him that we pro-
pose to collect the tax in the way and at the time
appointed by the terms of the bill. If the gentle-
man thinks he can make the bill any better, let
him move to amend it, and not stand here finding
fault with it. Having answered the gentleman
from Illinois, I desire to return to my remarks,
when the gentleman interrupted me, upon the in-
justice to thccitizens of the loyal States, which will
be done if you pass only a bill laying a "uni-
form" law. The little State of Massachusetts has
$302,000,000 of personal property which, under
this proposition, would be subject to taxation. 1
ask gentlemen on this floor to name the two, or
the six, rebel slave States in the Union that can
show that amount ofpeisonal property, irrespect-
ive of staves, subject to taxation. They do not
exist, sir. According to this proposition you
would impose upon citizens of the State of Mas-
sachusetts—that State which has been faithful to
Che sacred cause of liberty ever since the May-
flower touched her shore—five dollars of taxes
for every dollar you would impose on the rebel
citizens of the State of Virginia in support of this
war for the Union.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Will the gen-
tleman ollow me to ask him a question?
Mr. UINGHAM. What is the gentleman's
wish ?
Mr. KELLOGG,ofMichigan. I want to make
an inquiry in reference to my State. This bill
proposes a tax of $750,000 on the State of Mich-
igan,
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. And imposes
only $175,000 on the Stale of Rhode Island, which
owns property to five or ten times the amount of
Michigan.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman wants to
know how it comes that" little Rhody "—a little
State not much bigger than a good quilt—is taxed
only §175,000, while his State—as large, I be-
lievc, as any empire m Europe, just about the
size of France—is taxed $700,000.*
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, $750,000. I answer
the gentleman (hat it is because Michigan lias the
soil by which alone nations live, and she has also
nearly five times the population of Rhode island
to wring from her vast territory its annual in-
crease. C trust the gentleman is answered. Why, ■
sir, my own State of Ohio, with no l.uger tcrri- 1
fcory than the State of Michigan, is taxed by this
bill $3,'300,000. 1 would be ashamed of that gal-
lant young State—the first-born of your great
ordinance of freedom—if she had hesitated one
moment about it.s payment. She has naid, or pro-
vided for its payment, in ddvunce. 1 stand here
to repel the insinuation that the people of the State
of Ohio will cither hesitate or murmur about the
payment of this great tax in defense of the Con-
stitution tind the Union. As I stated the other
day, her people, throughout all her borders, es-
teem the Constitution and the Union as above all
price. Gentlemen stand hero holding the nice
scales in hand, and measuring out the poor pit-
tance that they aie willing to contribute to the
support of the Constitution and the Union. I
know that we have agtand patrimony—a heri-
tage equal to any which God in His goodness
over before conferred on any people; but I ask
you, men of the North and of the South, of the
East and of the West, who parley here to-day, \
whether you will vote the necessary supplies to j
maintain your free Constitution and your free 1
Government? What would tins vast brilliant
hentage of ours be worth, beautiful as it is, in its
gaiuirure of gieenness and blossom, marveiousiy
adorned as it is with lake and river and mount-
ain; girdled as it jjj wnh two great oceans; and !i
peopled as it is with thirty million living men and
women and children—what would it all be worth
without a free Constitution and a free Govern-
ment? What would a planet be worth without a
sun?
Mr. Speaker, I trust the loyal friends of the
Union will not consent to the postponement of
this bill until the next session of Congress. I
trust that no loyal friend of the Union will con-
sent to any amendment that will strike from it all
provision for imposing a direct tax. I do not
oppose all amendment to the bill. I have no ob-
jection, if you please, if the public exigencies re-
quire it, to "imposing additional burdens by adding
another provision to the bill for a uniform tax
upon bonds, mortgages, and upon money, &c.;
but I would not vote to strikeout altogether that
wholesome provision for a direct tax, by which
Virginia may be compelled to pay about a million
and a half dollars for the support of that Consti-
tution which so many of her citizens have con-
spired to overthrow. I have before expressed my
willingness to reduce the aggregate amount of
direct tax; but 1 am notwillmg to strike it all out.
I undertake to say, that when you have rejected
direct taxation altogether, you will not be able to
laise $250,000 from that State by a mere " uni-
form" and general tax.
One gentleman says you cannot collect the tax
in that State. Sir, if the gentleman so believes,
he ought to vote against this bill*and against
every war measure. If your armies arc not to
be victorious; if they are not to reassert in Vir-
ginia, even, the supremacy of the Constitution,
and maintain there the authority of the laws; it
our Army is to be conquered and routed, as the
gentlemaifs suggestion would iniply, then we
should not only vote for no measure looking to
the collection of taxes in Virginia, but we should
vote for no men or money to prosecute the war
further.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire simply to say
that I have yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio, and i am willing to yield for him to con-
clude, but I hope he will be as brief, and to the
point, as possible.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will be brief. I desire to
say a word or two further m reply to the gentle-
man who has interposed the suggestion that it
will be impracticable to collect the taxes imposed
by this bill in the rebel States. I say, if our arms
are to be victorious in those rebel States—as I be-
lieve they will be, for God is with us—there is
nothing to prevent the collector from going through
those States, and levying on thegoodsand chattels
of the landholder and slaveholders who refuse to
pay. That is very easily done when you have
the authority to do it. And when the gentleman
says you cannot do it in Virginia, he says noth-
ing more nor less than that the people, the loyal
peophi of the United States, are not to conquer m
this struggle, and that the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and laws will not be icestablished in the
OW Dominion.
I dtller from the gentleman. I am in favor of
raising the necessary supplies for carrying on the
Government", to support the Army, and maintain
the Union—for prosecuting this war until the
Constitution will from sea to sea be acknowledged
as the supieme law of the land. Rather than
surrender to these traitors; rather than yield an
inch to the demands of these arch-conspiiators
against the liberties of America, and the liberties
of the human race; rather than surrender to them,
I would stake all things earthly upon the issue,
and yield up, gladly yield up, everything, save a
trust in God, and the hope of a life to come.
Rather than yield to these traitors your good/
ship Constitution—
"Nail to the mast her stairy flag;
Sot every threadbaie sail;
And give I)Oi to the (Jrod of storms
Tlic lightning and the gale."
ORGANIZATION OP THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the House, I will make a privileged report
fiom a committee of conference. I send up the
report, and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the report,%s follows:
The committee of eonlcrenee mj rlu- disagreeing vote* of
the two lluu-e- Oil ihe hill (S. No. 3) providing tor the bu-
tei ot!£am^ation of the military establishment, liav.ng met.
afterfuli and free conteience, have agreed to leeommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the House recede from its amendments to the Sen-
ate bill, and agree to the bill, with the following amend-
ments:
Page 1, section two, line seven, after the woid "cavalry,"
strike out, as follows : " eight assistant adjutants general,
six commissaries of subsistence, four quaitermafcters, and
twenty assistant quaitermasters."
Page 1, section two, line thirteen, alter the woid " estab-
lishment,'* strike out as follows: " and to hold their offices
for three years, unless sooner discharged," and in lieu
thereof add ail after the enacting clause of the second sec-
tion of the amendments of the ilousc to the Senate bill.
Page 1, section three, line tlnee, after the woid " en-
gineers," strike out as follows: "and to the Ordnance
department."
Page 3, section three, at the end of the section add al!
after the enacting cluiucs of sections tluee and toui of the
amendments of the House to the Senate bili.
Page 4, section eight, at the end of the section add the
seeond proviso of section eleven of the amendments of the
House to the Senate bill.
Page G, section sixteen, at the end of the section add:
"and regiments in the field."
Page 7, section seventeen, line eight, after the word
<c pay," insert " and emoluments."
Page 10, section twenty, line five, after the word " Re-
gister," insert the woids "Navy Itegister, as the case may
be."
Strike out sections eleven, twenty-two, twenty-four, and
twenty-five of said bill.
Strike out all after the enacting clause of section four-
teen of «aid hill, and m lieu thcteof insert as follows:
" That the Commicsaiy Geneial of Subsistence he, and he
is hereby, authorized, under such legulations as the Sec-
retary ot War may picscube, to vaiy the aiueJes of ?ub-
ststeucc whenever circumstances may lendei it advisable:
Provided, That the cost of the ration shall not be incieased
by Mich substitution."
Snike out all ot section eighteen of said bill, and insert
in lieu thereof section nineteen of the amendments ot the
House to the Senate bill, with the loliowing amendments
to the said amendment of the House, namely: in line two
of said amendment of the House, after the woid " Army,"
mseit " oi of the Marine Corps and in line fourteen of
.mini amendment of section nineteen, after the word
shall." strike out " aspiovided m the third section of this
act."
Stnke out all of section nineteen of said bill, and in lieu
then of insert ail hf section twenty ot the amendment of the
llun-e to said lull, with the following amendment to said
amendment: Inline three of said amendment, aftei the
woid u War," iumjit -'or Secretaiy of the Navy, as the
ease may be and in line live of said amendment of the
House, after the word " hoaul," strike out "of the medi-
cal staff," and in lieu thereof insert, u of not more than
nine nor less than five commissioned officers, two fifths
of whom shall be of the medical staffj the boaid, except
those taken fiom the medical staff, to be composed as far
as may be of his seniors m rank."
Stuke out all of sections twenty-six, twenty-seven,
twenty eight, and twenty-nine of said bill, and insert in
lieu thcteof, as follows:
u Kkc. 26. Jlnd be itjurther cnacted, That any officer of
the Navy who has seen forty years in the service of the
United States, may, upon his own application to the Pres-
ident of the United States, be piaccd upon the list of letired
officers of the Navy, and shall receive the leave-of-absenee
pay he was entitled to at the time of such letirement
u8ec. 27. And be it furthci enact cd, That if any officer
shall have become, or shall hereafter become, incapable of
perlotmmt; the duties of hu office, he shall be placed upon
theietned list, and withdrawn from active sei vice and com-
mand, arid from the hue of promotion, and the next otficer
in lank shall he promoted to the place of the retired officer,
aceouhng to the established mles of the service. And the
same inle of promotion shall be applied successively to the
vacancies consequent upon the retnementof an officer:
Provided, That it the disability be pioved to icsuit iiom
wounds leccived in action,such retired otheershali receive
the sea pay of his giade."
i% Skc. 28. ^ ud he it further enacted, That whenever any
officei of the Navy, on being ordeied to peiform the duties
appropriate to his commission, shall report himself unable
to comply with such order, or whenever, in the judgment
of the President of the United States, an oflieci of the
Navyshiill be in any way incapacitated fiom performing
the duties of his ofhee, the President, at his diseietion,
shall dnect the Seeietarv of the Navy to refer tiie case of
such ollicei to a boaui ot not more than nine,nor lessj;han
five, commissioned officers, two fifths ot whom shall be of
the medical biueau ol the Xavv; the boaid, except those
taken lioni the medical buieau, to be composed as far as
mftv be ot his seniors in lank The deteimunition ot the
boaid m such ease shall, with a record of its ptoeeedings,
-be ti austin tied to the Secietaiy of the Navy to be laid before
the PieMdent tor his approval or disapproval and orders in
the case. Theboatd, whenever it finds an officer incapaci-
tated for active sei vice, will report whcthei, in its judgment,
the incapacity lesiilt fiom long and faithful service, iiom
wounds or inpntcs received in the line ol duty, fiom sick-
ness or exposure therein, or from any other incident of ser-
vice. If so, and the President appiove ot such judgment,
the disabled officer shall thereupon be placed upon the
list of ictired officers, according to the pmvisiori-s ot this
act, witli leavc-of-ab<ence pay. Put if such disability or
incompetency proceeded troin other causes, and the Pres-
ident concur in opinion with the boaid, the officer may be
retiied upon futlotigh pay, or he shall be whollv tetned
from the seivice with one yeai's pay, at the diseietion of
lite PicMdeiii; and m tins Iu-r case, his name -shall be
wholly omitted 1mm the Navv itegister. The membeis of
the boa>d shrill in every case be swoin to an honest ami
nnpaitial discharge of their duties; ami no officer ot the
Xavj shall be lctned, either partially or wholly, fiom the
sei rice without having had a xair and full hearing before
the boaid, if he shall demand it.
"Sec.20. Jlndbc it further enacted, That the retired ufli-
