THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1861.
Neiv Series No. 20.
cers shall be entitled to wear tlic uniform of their tospeetive
giades; shall continue to bebornc upon the Navy Register;
shall besubject to the rules and ai titles governnigtlit; Navy,
and to trial by geneial court-maitial."
That the Senate do concur with the foregoing amend-
ments to tile bill.  
IIENliy WILSON,
II. M. RICE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANCIS P. BLAIR,
J. J. CRITTENDEN,
A. IS. OIH,
Manager*! on the part of the House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker-, the
bill which has been reported from the committee
of conference is the bill which passed this House
for increasing the staff corps of the Army, for re-
tiring disabled and incapacitated officers of the
Army, the Marine Corps, and the Navy. It is a
Senate bill which passed this House with amend-
ments. The committee has taken it and modified
it byapplying the amendments of the House,and
it stands as reported pretty nearly as it passed
the House, with some slight changes. The House
bill is modified in its first section by the adoption
of the first section of the Senate bill, which dif-
fers from the first section of the House bill in
this: that it allows the President to appoint an
Assistant Secretary of War, with a salary of
$3,000, as provided for by the House, but does
not require the office to be discontinued when the
volunteer force shall be disbanded.
The second section changes the provision of
the Senate in reference to adjutants general and
commissaries of subsistence, and puts them upon
the same footing as provided by the House bill.
The third section changes the provision of the
Senate bill in relation to the Ordnance and Quar-
termaster's departments, and places them upon
the footing provided in the House amendments.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth sections are very
nearly the same as the sections (numbered, per-
haps, differently) relating to the same subjects in
the amendments of the House. The pay of chap-
lains, however, is changed from that provided in
the House amendment to that provided in the Sen-
ate amendment, which is theamount they receive
in the regular Army.
The cadets provided for ki the eighth section
of the House amendment, are stricken out; and
as the bill now stands, it docs not provide for any
additional cadets to be appointed at the West
Point Academy. It simply provides that they
shall take an oath upon entei ing the Academy;
and that when they are once dismissed, they shall
not be restored without the approval of a board,
to be appointed. This was the provision of the
Senate bill.
The committee on the part of the House were
reluctant to give that portion which provided for
an increase of the number of cadets at West
Point to double the present number. The Senate
committee insisted on its being left out; and inas-
much as there is a bill now reported from the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs on the subject, contain-
ing a similar provision, we thought we might as
-well leave the question to be decided on its own
merits. The ninth and tenth sections are similar
to the sections which have already passed this
House. So also with the twelfth, thirteenth, and
fourteenth.
The fourteenth is the section in regard to the
rations of the soldiers. We struck out the pro-
visions of the bill in regard to the subject, and
inserted apoi tion of the amendment of the House
providing that the Commissary General, with the
consent of the Secretary of War, might vary the
articles delivered to soldiers for rations when he
deemed it advisable to do so; but that such sub-
stituted rations should not cost more to the Gov-
ernment than at present.
The fifteenth is the same as the House section.
The sixteenth is in regard to the appointment of
sutlers. It simply legalizes what l's now one of
the Army regulations. As I understand it, the
Army regulation is that sutlers shall be appointed
by the Secretary of War on the recommendation
of a board of administration. It was one of the
Army regulations for a long while, but it was set
20
aside by the last Administration, and this is to
restore it. It provided, I believe, that the Secre-
tary of War, by the advice of a board of admin-
istration, should appoint a sutler for every post.
This bill provides one for every regiment.
The eighteenth section is stricken out of the
Senate bill, and the nineteenth section of the
House amendments substituted for it, making
provision for retiring officers in the'Army and
Marine Corps.
In place of the nineteenth section, the twentieth
section ofthe House amendment was substituted,
providing the mode in which disabled officers of
the Army and Marine Corps shall be retired. It
provides for giving to them certain pay and al-
lowances. If disabled by wounds received in
battle, it provides for the pay of the highestrank
to which the officer may be entitled.
The twenty-first and twenty-second sections
abolish the double rations allowed to commanders
of military posts. It leaves double rations to the
commanders of departments. The allowance of
these double rations to the commanders of posts
is subject to abuse. There are three different
commanders at the navy-yard at Washington,
each of whom receives double rations. Double
rations will still be allowed to the commanders
of departments.
The twenty-third section is in regard to the
pay and allowance of absent Army officers.
Vol* the twcnty-lifth section there is no corre-
sponding amendment of the House. It provides
for officers who, after they have sent in their res-
ignations before they have been accepted, leave
their posts. Such officers are declared to be de-
serters from the Army.
The twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-
eighth, and twenty-ninth sections provide for re-
tiring naval officers. They wetc reported Irom
the Committee on Natal Affairs. They allow
naval officers who may be retaed sea pay where
the disability is caused by wounds received ill
actual battle, and leavo pay where the disability
is caused by old age. In instances where dis-
ability is the cause of misconduct on the part of
the officer, it is left discretionary with the Secre-
tary of the Navy to strike him off the list with
only one year's pay.
The thirtieth section authorizes the assigning
of these disabled officers to such duty as they may
be competent to disehaige.
If the House has all the information it desires
on the subject, I will call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report. I am ready
to answer any questions that may be put to me.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, is it in order to
move that the repoit of the committee of confer-
ence be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed? Itseem.s to me that the hasty manner
in which we act upon these reports of committees
of conference must defeat all intelligent and pru-
dent legislation.
Mr.WASIIBURNE. If the gentleman's motion
be agreed to, will it not be the defeat of the bill?
Mr. ALLEN. Then I move that the further
consideration of the report be postponed until
Monday'next, in order that we may have an op-
portunity to see it in pi int, and to examine it
carefully.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
during the call for the previous question.
Tile question was taken on Mr. Ali.ek's mo-
tion to lay upon the table and print; and it was
disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof, the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
additional revenue bill.-
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I had
intended to deliver my views on thegeneral ques-
tion of revenue raised by this bill somewhat at
length, at an earlier stage of this debate; but'as
opportunity did not serve for that purpose, and
as the debate has already been much protracted,
I will forbear to do so. I have watched the de-
bate and the action of the House upon this ques-
tion with great interest; and with the desire to
learn,if possible, what was the sensedf the House
in regard to it.
Mr. HARDING. Let the resolution of my col-
league be read.
Mr. Wickliffe's resolution was again read.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I repeat,Mr. Speaker,
that 1 have watched the deliberations of this body,
upon this question, with the view to ascertain, as
far as practical, what was its judgment in regard _
to it. I have coma to the conclusion that the
House objects not to the policy or questions the
necessity of imposing additional taxes, and that,
too, in the direct form; but to the amount-laid
by this bill. I think, from its action up to this
time, that it would vote §15,000,000 instead of
$30,000,000 of direct taxes. 1 think it is unwill-
ing to lay upon the States any much greater
burden in that form.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 2) to increase the present mili-
tary establishment of the United States; and
An act (S. No. 20) to provide for the suppres-
sion of rebellion against, and resistance to, the
laws ofthe United States; and to amend the act
entitled " An act to provide for calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union," passed
February 28, 1795. ,
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL—AGAIN. VV |
Mr. McCLERNAND. I believe, sir, that it "
is the judgment of the House that the list of per-
sonal property upon which internal duties are
laid should bo extended so as to embrace a greater
variety of taxable objects, and that whatever
dcficit might exist by reason of the reduction of
the amount of direct taxes should be made up
by the increase of tho objects of internal duties.
Believing that to be the sense of the House, I
propose to amend the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, who proposes to postpone this
whole question until next winter. I propose to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to reduce the amount
of direct taxes laid upon the States one half, with
the further instruction to extend the list of inter-
nal duties so as to make up as near as may be
the deficit in the amount of the direct tax. It
will be for the House to determine now whether
this whole question shall be postponed until Jan-
uary, or whether it shall be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means for further con-
-sideration.
What is the state of the case? Already, upon
the motion of the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky, the Committee of the Whole rose and
leportcd the bill, with the purpose, as it seemed,
to reject or postpone lt.^ I have interposed my
amendment to arrest this consummation—to pre-
vent this result. It is for the House to judge be-
tween the two propositions—to postpone the bill
and do nothing till next winter, or to require the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a sub-
stitute which will bring this subject before us
a(1Pam, and probably in a less objectionable form.
°For myself', I believe some such measure to be
vital to tho credit of the Government; that some
provision must be made whereby the Govei nment
will be enabled to meet the interest accruing and
to accrue upon loans-made and to be made. With-
out this, the credit of the Government must
suffer; without it we will not be able to inspire
the confidence of capital; without it we will be
unable to nerve the arm of war, and to smite the
hydra monster of rebellion to the dust.
