306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
I put this solemn question to every reflecting
mind in this House: do you believe that the credit
of the Government will stand unimpaired until
the next session of Congress, upon the present
revenue? Do you believe it will stand without
further legislation to increase our revenues, and
give to them a more stable and reliable character?
A gentleman upon the right says "no." That
is my opinion.
"What are we about to do ? After having brought
this question before the House; after having elab-
orately and protractedly debated it; after having
called the attention of the country to our endeavor
to secure the Credit of the Government; after all
this, what must be the effect if we fail to do so—
if we refuse to vote additional supplies even for
the purpose of paying the interest upon what we
owe? What will be the judgment of capitalists
of our good faith and willingness to do our duty
under such circumstances3 There can be but one
opinion.^ Censures would fall upon our heads
fast and'thick. The patriotism and sense of jus-
tice of the country would hardly forgive us, espe-
cially in view of the consequences I have already
recounted.
It has been truly said that money is the sinew
of war.' Fail to supply money, and you paralyze
the aim of the Government and will soon be forced
to disband ourarmies now in the field—that Army
whose mission, we trust, is to carry the flog of
the country to victory. I know there is much
hesitation upon this question; there is a hesita-
tion to approach it and act upon it affirmatively,
because it is a delicate one, involving a practical
and direct responsibility on the part of the Rep-
resentative to his constituents. Nevertheless, we
must meet it, or abandon the war and the high
and holy purposes for which it is waged on our
part. Let us do our duty, and trust to the good
sense and patriotism of our constituents to ap-
prove our conduct. "I voted for the tax on tea and
coffee during the Mexican war, when there was
a clamor that I would not survive it as a public
man. On the contrary, my constituents approved
my conduct. The people are honest and intelli-
gent, and will always in the end do right. The
public man who acts upon any other idea will
sooner or later discover his mistake. Wo should
be ashamed to hesitate. Jf our soldiers have the
courage to confront the enemy on the battle-field,
have we not the courage; to supply them with the
moans necessary to enable them to do so—the food
and raiment which are necessary to sustain life
and to shield them against the sun and rain ? Are
we fearful of our constituents, while our soldiers
are ready to brave every danger of the field of
battle ? If so, we should be ashamed of the con-
trast. "Tell it not in Gath! publish it not in the
streets of Askelon !"
I have already said that I believe that the ma-
jority of the House was in favor of reducing the
amount of direct tax laid by this bill on the sev-
eral States. I am in favor of it too; but at the
same time I am in favor of supplying the defi-
ciency by extending the range of internal duties
upon personal property—by extending it to pri-
vate incomes, stocks, and other forms oi'property.
I believe we can do that, and by doing it conform
ihe bill more nearly to the requirements of justice
and equity. By such an alteration of the bill we
would be enabled to place a larger portion of the
taxes where they ought to be placed—upon capi-
tal and wealth.
At the outset of this debate I called the attention
of the House to the fact, that the bill, in its pro-
visions imposing direct taxes upon the States,
would operate hardly upon the agricultural States.
I repeat the same now. Whatever might be the
disposition of Iowa, I believe she would be unable
to pay her quota of them. So in regatd to Min-
nesota, and peihaps so in regard to Wisconsin.
As to my own State, she would probably be able
to meet the first requirement assessed against
her, but any subsequent requirement would fall
heavily upon her, and the more heavily because
of the recent bank failures in the West—the de-
preciation and almost utter worthlespness of a
large portion ofthe papermoney in the West, and
the want of markets for her produce, now accu-
mulated in large quantities on the hands of the
faimers and country dealers. Nevertheless, Illi-
noisis determined to do her whole d uty in this emer-
gency—the last dollar, and the last able-bodied
man are ready to be devoted in the cause of the
Union. She will spare nothing in her power to
give that which may be necessary to maintain the
authoiity of the Government and to preserve its
integrity.
Let us still persevere; let us recommit this bill;
let us recommit with the instructions I have
moved; and when it comes back to us again, let
us pass it in some form, and send it to the Sen-
ate, trusting that their deliberations will contrib-
ute something towards its improvement; and that
when they shall have returned it to us, with the
additional lights which will then be before us,
we will be able still further to improve it, if it
shall be found not to be perfect. Let us persevere
until something definite and effectual shall have
been done. This is my counsel and advice. I am
opposed to the postponement of the question to
a time beyond the present session. A postpone-
ment of it must involve the most serious conse-
quences. Will it not involve an abandonment,
an inglorious abandonment, of the war? Let us
not deceive ourselves; postponement is a surren-
der to the enemy, the recognition of the southern
confederacy, and the consequent dismemberment
of the Republic. A gallant and loyal people will
never consent to this. As their Representatives,
let us raise ourselves to the level of the emer-
gency. Let us meet the question of taxation. Let
us do our duty, and take the consequences, what-
ever they may be. If we do less, we will prove
ourselves unequal to a supreme occasion.
I offer the following substitute for the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Kcntucy:
Resolved * That FInuso hill No. 71 be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Moans, with in-itiuctions to report
a substitute therefor, as follows: Fn->t, reducing the amount
ot direct taxation one hall; second, extending the list of
peuonal piopeity, upon winch mteinat duties are laid, so
us to make up, as near as may be, the said deficit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to sug-
gest a modification; but before I do so, I will say
few words. While I cordially agree with most
that the gentleman has said, I would prefer that
we should not reduce the amount of direct taxes
below $£0,000,000. Twenty million will enable
us to realize something like eleven or twelve mil-
lion from the loyal States. I do not think that we
can expect to collect the amount of direct taxes
from the rebel States just yet.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that £30,000,000 of direct taxes
will yield #19,000,000 from the loyal Stotes?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir. I sug-
gest this modification: that the Committee of
Ways and Means be instructed to report forth-
with a bill upon the basis of raising $20,000,000
by direct taxation; and such other sum as may
be found necessary, by internal duties or direct
taxation upon personal income or wealth.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is substantially
the proposition I have offered, and I accept the
suggestion so far as to instruct the committee to
report forth with, and to make then mount of direct
taxes $20,000,000 instead of $13,000,000.
Mr. COLFAX. In nearly nil that has been
said by the gentleman from Illinois I very cor-
dially concur; and I was glad to hear his icmarks,
because on my own side of the House it has been
argued that those who difivr with the Committee
of Ways and Means in relation to this bill were
giving aid and comfort to the enemy; that because
we do not sec through the same spectacles with
the committee, therefore we were opposed to sus-
taining the arms of the Government in tjiis war,
in support of the Constitution and the laws. I
thought that was not doing us justice.
I am ready to meet this issue now, to-day, this
session; but 1 say frankly that there is no stress
of weather which can induce me to vote for the
bill as it stands now. I cannot go home and tell
my constituents that T voted foi a bill that would
allow a man, a millionane, who has put his en-
tire property into stock, to be exempt from tax-
ation, while a farmer who lives by his side must
pay a tax. Iam for standing by the Government,
but I want an equitable and judicious bill for that
purpose. I cannot argue the constitutional ques-
tion with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,'] for I am not a lawyer. He has read from
a decision of the Supreme Court, winch I never
heard of before; but 1 take the Constitution as it
stands, and consider it in a common sense view.
Now, the Constitution says Congress shall have
power " to raise and support armies, but no ap-
propriation of money to that use shall be for a
longer term than.two years;" and at the close of
that article it says, that Congress shall have power
" to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing:
powers." 1 know that power is subject to all the
limitations that are-found in other sections of the
Constitution; but it seems to me it is a broad grant
of power, and 1 do not see why we have not the
right to levy a tax upon all the property of the
United States, in order to raise and support armies
to put down the rebellion.
Mr. DAWES, Will my friend tell me how he
will collect a tax upon personal property in the
rebellious States?
Mr. COLFAX. In the same way that you
would levy the direct tax proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWES. You cannot keep the land out
of sight, while you can the personal property.
The bill provides that you can sell the land. It
creates a mortgage upon the land in the rebellious
States, which runs for two years, and you care
foreclose that mortgage, whether they will or not.
That is the difference.
Mr. COLFAX. In the West, where we have
public lands, the law piovidcs that after land has
been exposed for years, any person can enter
that land who chooses. Or, to give the whole of
it: land is exposed to sale, whether a squatter
lives upon it or not, and any person can bid upon
that land and hold it. And yet you will find very
few who wiir purchase, because it is occupied by
a squatter; and I am afraid that when you expose
these lands for snle, down in South Carolina for
instance, there will be a lack of bidders to take
them.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill provides that the
United States shall buy it.
Mr. COLFAX. That is very good indeed. I
like that idea.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it is. I wish they
owned it all now.
Mr. COLFAX. And would give bounty lands
on it to the soldiers. That is a first rate idea.
v I did not rise, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
discussing the details of the bill, or these legal
questions, of which, as I have said, I am pro-
foundly ignorant; but I say they are three ways
of raising money. One is by a bill like the one
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The second is by an equitable tax upon all the
property of the country, which, I think, we have
a right to levy for the purpose of supporting the
Army of the United States, now in the field. And
the third is by a system of income tax. I know
it is not in older to refer to what has occurred in
the other branch of Congress; but I will state that
I was reading m the Congressional Globe a speech
made by a distinguished gentleman, who lives,
when he is at home, in the State of Rhode Island,
and I was much struck with it. He sjys that
the present tariff can be so amended as to raise
$105,000,000, and he is one of the best informed
men on the subject. I allude to Mr. Simmons.
lie proposes, in the first placc, to take your tea,
coffee, and sugar tax, to raise ^25,000,000. Then
a tax of ten per cent, on your entire free list, and
to raise all the schedules of the present tariff ten
per ccnt. higher than they are now, except whore
they would rise over fifty per cent., calling it'a
war tax, winch the President shall be allowed to
dispense with oi remit at the end of the war. From
this he thinks we can luise $20,000,000. I grant
that these figures may be erroneous, and yet, at
the same time, it does show that by revising our
present tariff we can raise more money. He es-
timates the ordinary expenses of the Government
at $80,000,000, which, I think, is a large estimate,
but that would leave $25,000,000 towards paying
the interest of the debt. This gentleman, to whose
opinion we all attach great weight, says that after
looking over the subject carefully, he believes the
best tax to supply the deficit is a tax upon in-
comes, so that a man shall pay in proportion to
what he is worth, whether his income is derived
from the cultivation of the soil, from his profes-
sion, from office, or from tiade, if you can devise
such a system. Great Britain has devised such
a system. Gentlemen say that our condition dif-
fers from that of Great Britain, but they keep out
of view the fact that a very small portion of the
people of Great Britain live upon their property—
notalarger proportion than in this country. They
have devised a system of income tax, by which
