1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
they raise a large amount towards paying the
enormous interest on their national debt. Another
Senator, in the same debate—Mr. Fessenden of
Maine, chairman of the Committee on Finance in
the Senate—stated that he had examined into the
systems of taxation, and, although not prepared
now to give an opinion deliberately and conclu-
sively, he believed tlie system of an income tax
was the best.
Now, sir, I am not much of a financier. I only
say, that if you want the people to come up fairly
and squarely to the support of this war, to give
their money freely, as I have no doubt they are
willing to give it to put down this unholy rebel-
lion; if ywu want these fires of patriotism to con-
tinue to burn throughout the country, give them
a tax bill which they can recognize as fair and
equitable, under which the wealthy man and the
poor man will pay their share; and then the men
who are opposed to this war, and who, I regret to
say, are giving, directly or indirectly, aid and com-
fort to the men who have offered twenty dollars
bounty for every dead patriot they can find cap-
tured by privateers; who bayonet wounded soldiers
on the battle-field; men who fire on flags of truce,
and the ambulances conveying the wounded to hos-
pitals, and outrage every rule of civilized warfare
—I say the men who are aiding them, directly or
indirectly, and strengthening their arms in this
unholy rebellion, will have no means of prejudic-
ing the public against the action of this Congress,
by saying that we allowed the millionaire to es-
cape from the meshes of the, tax law, while we
held the poor man within the grasp of the tax
gatherer. The House has distinctly indicated
that this measure, backed by the talent and expe-
rience of the able and distinguished Committee of
Ways and Means, does not meet the approbation
of a majority of its members. I hope and trust
and pray that it will endeavor to devise an equita-
ble system at the present session; one that shall
sustain the credit of the country, and show to
men at home and to the nations of the world
abroad, that we are ready to give up our men as
well as our money—our very life's blood, if ne-
cessary—for the pui pose of sustaining the flag of
our country, and putting down armed resistance
to the Constitution and the Union of these States.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 have but a
word or two to say. Had the question been on
a direct postponement till December, instead of
on the instructions to the Committee of Ways
and Means, moved by the distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Wichliffe,] itwould
have brought the House to a direct and manly
vote upon the meritsi of the bill, and their determ-
ination to sustain the Government. The instruc-
tions are a mere palliative; they amount to noth-
ing more; and if they are expected and intended
to operate, then they are very objectionable. One
of them is to revise the revenue bill of last year;
and that seems to meet the approbation of the
distinguished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax.] No moie pernicious proposition could
spring from any man in this House. There is
nothing so deleterious to the whole industry and
commetce of thcconntry as this perpetual change
of revenue laws. Men have formed their schemes
and invested their capital already in conformity
with the revenue law of the last session of Con-
gress; and under the hope, at least, that they
could trust for a year or two to carry on their
business, and invest their capital upon the prin-
ciples of that bill. They know, and we all know,
tiiat in this country there is great instability in
our system of revenue, in our policy with regard
to taxation, in our principle with regard to pro-
tection; and therefore no discreet man can ex-
pect for agreat length of time—that is, during his
life time—that the policy of the country will re-
main unchanged. But it used to be thought that
itwould remain unchanged so long as the party
that passed it was in power. In old times, when
the protective policy was a party question—and
I cannot say that it is now—it used to be a strug-
gle, at the polls, whether the one party or the
other should prevail; for on that it was supposed
that the stability of that policy depended. Now,
it seems that all parties are for enacting, one year,
a system which induces the investment, not of
millions, but of billions of money, in this great
commercial and manufacturing country, and in
six months after its passage it is to be wholly
changed.
Sir, I pronounce this idea as the most injurious
that has been put forward during, this whole de-
bate; and I protest against its going forth now
and paralyzing for the next six months all the
energies of the country. 1 refer to the idea that
the present tariff is but a thing of a year, that it
is to be changed every year, and that every man
must take_ care to shift his business and capital
in accordance with the shifting winds, not of par-
ties, but of individuals of parties, who but yester-
day were one thing and to-day are another thing
or nothing, God knows which. I say, therefore,
that this part of the instructions proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky, looking to the revis-
ing and remodeling of the tariff, is very objec-
tionable to me.
The idea suggested by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] as borrowed from a Sena-
tor, seems to me to be about as bad; and 1 con-
fess that, with all my respect for that Senator, I
have butJittle respect for that project of his, and
less respect for his conjectures. The idea that the
tariff which he has proposed, adding ten percent,
to the present tariff, which all anti-protective men
have been clamoring against all over the country
as an abominable bill, on account of its high tax-
ation—an unjust clamor, I admit—is to produce
$105,000,000 of revenue, is preposterous. The
gentleman knows that, in order to produce that
amount of revenue, it is proposed to place not
only ten per cent, additional on everything that
is now paying duty, but also ten per cent, on the
free list; and he bases his calculation on the as-
sumption that the importations from this time
forwaid are to be just what they lmve been for
the last five years of prosperity. Now, if any-
body else than an able Senator had made such a
proposition, I would have called it absurd. It is
nothing more than a grand mistake of §50,000,000
at least; and when I say so, I think that no man
who lives a year will be able to contradict me.
Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
feel no mortification at hearing this bill stigma-
tized as undigested,as the teamed gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conki.ing] and other
fiiends called it. It maybe so, for it is an exact
copy of one drawn by a man who was less wise
than our critics are now. It was drawn by Albert
Gallatin; and this undigested, ill-considered bill
is an .exact copy of his. I am glad that these
Daniels have come to judgment on him; but I
hope that when they come to speak of it again
they will show us their bill—well-digested, wise,
and discreet—and put to shame the old fogy who
drew up the oiiginal bill, and us young fellows
who happen to bring it here. 1 feel no pride about
the provisions of this bill. The Committee of
Ways and Means feel none; and, as our colleague
has suggested that it may be wise to reduce the
direct tax one third, I have no objection. Had
that been a proposition made originally, instead
of opposing the whole lull, it would have met with
no serious opposition from the Committee of Ways
and Means, who had well considered whether such
a proposition would not come from the House.
I have no objection to it; but 1 venture to say that
when that is done, and when the bill comes back
to the committee with $20,000,000 instead of
$30,000,000 direct taxation, then some gentleman
will find other objections to it. Sir, it will be still
a bill of taxation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Let me say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, tiy that1.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection. I ac-
quiesce in the objects of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. 1 know that he desires to support the Gov-
ernment; and 1 know one tiling further, that what
he desires he is not afraid to vote for. He is not
afraid to put his name on the record and to go
before his people and ask from them a justifica-
tion. It may be that all others stand in the same
position. When the bill is amended, we shall
see who there are on this side of the House, and
who there arc on that side of the House, willing
to support the Government. We shall sec who
of those who made the most glorifying and glo-
lious patriotic speeches, will be found at last
having less fear of their constituents than they
have of the death of this country.
Sir, I know that this bill, make it the best you
can, will be an unpalatable one. It may be that
it will be unpopular. 1 have a wealthy agricul-
tural constituency, who will bo heavily taxed
under it. I suppose that, as an agricultural pop-
ulation, they are the most wealthy to" the Union,
Their land certainly bears a, higher price than'
land in any other part of the Union Outside of the1
cities. They are aclose German population, who
understand their own business; but they are a
patriotic people. I shall go before them, sir, if I
vote—as 1 shall—for such a bill as this, and I will
take the chance of addressing theirjudgment, their
patriotism, their good sense, and of making them
understand the propriety of the conduct of their
Representative. If I cannot do so, I shall submit
to their condemnation and rejection without a
murmur and without regret. I shall vote for this
bill, whatever my constituents may think of it.
I shall vote for it, when it is put in the best shape
we can get it in, although it_maynot be very
pleasant in its consequences to me personally.
But I never yet knew the time when I ventured
to do right in what, for the moment, was unpop-
ular, and when I trusted to the good sense of the
people, that they did not sustain me when it was
explained to the'm. In the course of my public
life, I have voted for unpopular measures and
trusted to the good sense of the people whom I
represented; and they never rejected me on .ac-
count of it. I am not afraid that they will do SO
now; although I know that this hill will come to
them with a very distasteful sound and aspect.
I know that the army of collectors are odious
everywhere; but I know, also, that they are not
quite so dangerous to my constituents, and I hope
they are not to members of this House, as the
army of rebels that lenders this othcrarmy neces-
sary; for the one must be raised or the other will
be triumphant. I do not know but that enough
has been said on this subject; and as gentlemen
ask me to call the previous question, I do so.
Mr. DIVEN. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether it is not in order to divide the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky?
The SPEAKER. When the House comes to
it the Chair will decide that question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would like to
say a few words upon this matter before the House
come to a vote upon it, and I suppose there are
others who would like to be heard. It seems to
me that, upon a subject of this importance, the
House might afford halfanhour more discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. It would be discussed until
the time when, by the Constitution, this Congress
expires, if no stop were put to it. Z decline to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that, if we propose to place the matter in a
shape that will be acceptable to the House, the
amendment should be placed inta shape that will
bring tlie question squarely before us on the ques-
tion of direct taxation.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to ask
whether, if the previous question is seconded, the
question will be first upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand?]
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and then upon the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky; and the Chair will say, in reply
to another gentleman, that the amendment is not
divisible.
Mr. COLFAX. If the previous question is not
sustained, however, a further amendment will be
in order; will it not?
The SPEAKER. There is but one amendment
pending, and, if the previous question is not sus-
tained, a further amendment will therefore be in
order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
that it is not in order to divide on motion to com-
mit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
uniform practice to have been, not to consider a
motion to commit with instructions divisible.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have endeavored
to find some decision upon that subject, but have
not succeeded. I know of no reason in parlia-
mentary law, however, why the motion should not
be divisible.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will referto
page 46, of Barclay's Digest, he will find it stated
that a motion to commit with instructions cannot
be divided, nor can a division be called upon the
different branches of instructions.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. lam inclined to think the
