810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
it can be procured; and that he shall have, when
they can be had, if practicable, one pound of po-
tatoes three times a week. That, with a little
sugar and coffee, and three quarters of a pound of
saltmeat,practically constitutes the ration. Now,
consider again what three quarters of a pound of
salt meat is. In the first place, three fifths of the
time it is issued to us it is salt pork, that fat, [the
honorable Senator illustrated by showing the
length of his hand] and nearly as old as I am.
[Laughter.] In the next place, it is issued to us
by the barrel—two hundred pounds to the barrel,
whether it is one year old or three. Every mer-
chant knows—you, sir, [Mr. Chandler,] know,
the difference between the real weight and the
weight we buy. In the next place, if sometimes
we get hams—such hams! You eat a piece of
broiled hara for breakfast. If you buy three-
quarters of a pound, and deduct the fat, and that
which is not fit to eat, the bone, the spoiled part,
and you do not on the average get six ounces, or
seven ounces at the most, of what is fit to go into
a man's stomach.
Now, I say, afte'r a long experience on the sub-
ject, that that is the condition of the ration of the
Army. Then the commissaries, both volunteer
and regular, regimental and Government commis-
saries, do not do their duty. If they allow the
contractors to cheat them, all the contingencies
come off us, and we gain nothing. The exact
amount is all that we can by possibility get.
I am not familiar with parliamentary rules, but
I suppose we have a right to reject this report of
the committee of conference for that or any other
reason. I do not think I should be doing my
duty to the volunteer service, with which I am
connected, and some parts of which I understand,
without saying in this body that so vital do I con-
sider this to the spirits and character of the men,
that I intend to try my best to put on the record
the Senators from every State on that vital ques-
tion of feeding his own troops. If you doubt it,
delay this a day, and go among your troops. We
get eleven dollars a month. My men have not
been paid a cent yet; perhaps it is not time; but
there has not been a week when those men, re-
ceiving eleven dollars a month, would not spend
at least one dollar a week of that money for food,
if they could possibly get it.
Now, I have but another word of explanation.
You take regular soldiers, enlisted from their ne-
cessities, as you know tliey generally arc, put
them in garrison, let them have time to take care
of themselves, hold them down to a rigid discip-
line, compel them to do it, and they can live on it;
and, I am told, once in a while they save a little
sugar, a little coffee, and a few candlcs; but you
take volunteers or icguhir troops, and put them
ill the lield or on the march with that lation, and
they suffer. The last words 1 said this morning
in my camp as I left it just now, weie words of
rebuke, which my heart did not prompt me to
utter, to a man who said: " Colonel, I have but
two biscuits left of my provision for yesterday
and to-day, and I am really suffning.
1 will add one other word, if 1 may be allowed
to do so, to show the necessity for this increase of
ration. Take the example of my little command.
Wo were encamped the other day outside of
Portress Monroe, at Hampton. We were ordered
at three o'clock in the morning to move to Wash-
ington. Wo obey orders, and came. The next
order is to cook three days' rations. What does
it mean? It means to cook a little meat. You
can do nothing else, because they crowd a thou-
sand men on the boat, and to cook is impossible.
I cook the three days' rations. I have the hard
bread, and the fat, salt meat, boil it, and put it in
the lmveisack. I am sixty hours on the way with-
out getting a chance to get a cup of coffee, with one
single exception. The meat spoils after being car-
ried three days in a man's haversack. On the
morning of the third day he cannot eat it. He I
loses that, and it is not made up to him in any way, j
and he has not enough to eat. That happens all j
the time in the field. It happened with our army i
theothcrday. They took three days'provisions, j
No wonder they were hungry. They carried i
salt meat in their haversacks, and it spoiled in
the hot sun.
Now, sir, I am persuaded that even the little
addition I have proposed, which is certainly not
in value more than two and a half cents a day,
will produce comfort and content in your vol-
unteer army; and with this statement of facts, I
do not think I appeal to the Senate in vain to ask
them to reject this report until it can be reconsid-
ered on that point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the commit-
tpf* nf pdnfprfmpp.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to know
what, under parliamentary rule, would be the po-
sition of the bill if we reject this report of the
committee of conference?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will de-
pend on the subsequent action of the Senate. If
the Senate should insist on its disagreement to
the amendment of the House, and ask another
committee of conference, that will be the course
pursued; but if on the other hand they should ad-
here, that would be the end of the bill, and it
would be lost.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I gave my sup-
port most cheerfully to the proposition, when made
in committee, to increase the ration. I did so be-
cause I knew that there must be and would be, in
a contest of this kind, some cheating and a great
deal of waste of rations. If the Army ration, as
now provided bylaw, were of good quality, prop-
erly distributed, and properly cooked, there is not
a regiment in the field but what could live on it,
and there is not a regiment, unless they were on
the march, that could consume it, or anything like
it. I do not doubt that a great deal of the provis-
ions purchased are not exactly what they ought
to be. If the officers knew their duty, they would
reject whatever is not of the quality required by
law; but perhaps they do not do it in all cases.
The provisions ore not always well drawn, not
properly distributed, and we know they are not
well cooked; and on the march, I have no doubt,
regiments do suffer. Regiments that have been
stationed in this city have complained. Why,
sir, I remember a gentleman, a member of a com-
pany from my own State, who wrote home the
other day that they have not provisions enough,
and at one sale that company alone sold fifty-nine
dollars' worth of their rations. Where they are
stationed as they are about here, and draw their
rations and cook them well, they have abundance.
Now, sir, I think there should be greater va-
riety in the ration. This proposition of the House
directs that there shall be a greater variety. It
may be given or it may not be. I voted origin-
ally fortheproposition ofthe Senator from Oregon
when made in committee. I supported it in this
Chamber. I supported it in the committee of con-
ference. I was voted down upon it. I believe
now, under all the circumstances, it would be bet-
ter to have adopted that proposition; and if Sen-
ators desire to rcject this report of the committee
of conference with a view of getting a reconsid-
eration of that sub ject, all I can say is, that, they
shall have all the influence I can give to bring it
about. I think we might act in that way, or we
might pass a bill on this subject alone by itself;
and I believe, standing by itself, the proposition,
as introduced by the Senator, if it came before the
Senate and the House on its naked merits, un-
connected with anything else, would go through
both Houses by an overwhelming majority. But,
sir, we found that the House had inserted this
provision; and when we got into a committee of
conference, we had a long talk over it. We were
in conference four hours and a half on this bill at
one sitting, and we had to give that amendment
up. We were voted down—those of us who were
in favor of the Senate proposition. However, I
am ready, as I said to the Senator, to do anything
in my power; because I would rather spend two
or three cents a day more for the comfort of our
soldiers, even if it is a little excess, than to stint
them in any respect whatever. I am for paying
them well, and for supporting them well.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that the attention of
the Senate is being drawn to this object; butthere
is another provision in this report to which I feel
constrained to ask the attention of the Senate; and
I would say, if it were not vanity in me, that I
hope to arrest the attention of the country.
By section twenty-seven ofthe bill, as this re-
port proposes to make it, itis piovided thatacer-
taiu class of naval sea captains shall be paid a
pension of $4,200 a year during their lives; and
that is not the most exceptionable feature of it
either. I will read the section:
" Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
of the Navy shall have become, or shall hereafter become,
incapable of performing the duties ofhis office,he shall be
placed upon the retired list and withdrawn from activeser-
vice and command, and from the line of promotion ; and
the next officer m lank shall be promoted to the place of
the retired officer, accoidnig to the established rules ofthe
service. Ami the same rule of promotion shall be applied
successively to the vacancies consequent upon the retire-
ment of an officer: Provided, That if the dit-abihty be
proved to result from wounds received m action, &ucii
retired officer .shall receive the sea pay ofliis grade."
The " sea pay of his grade " of a captain is
§4,200 a year. That is a pension, nothing more
nor less; and it is going so much beyond anything
that the Congress have ever'heretofore done that
I hope they will pause a little before they sanc-
tion such an enormous—I beg pardon if the word
is offensive—such an outrageous provision as that.
I hope that the Senate—those that are not obsti-
nate, those that are not determined, like Doctor
Sangrado, to stick to his theory because he had
written a book—will consider this matter, and
postpone the subject to next December, when we
can have time to do something like justice to the
country, as well as to the officers.
Mr. GRIMES. I happened to be a member of
this conference committee; but there were some
provisions in the bill as amended which I did not
exactly concur with, and therefore I did not sign
the report. I have not risen now to defend it,
oxcept in reply to the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire, that this bill provides for
a class of naval captains a pension of $4,200 a
year. It simply provides that, if hereafter any
captain in your Navy shall be wounded in actual
conflict 
Mr. HALE. If ho now is or shall hereafter
become.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is so drawn, then it is
misdrawn. The sole purpose of it was as a sort
of stimulus to the officers of your Navy to do their
duty energetically and fearlessly during the pres-
ent crisis; and it was not supposed it would apply
to more than two men, or three at the outside,
and very probably to none at all. It is not in-
tended to apply to any class, as was said by the
Senator from New Hampshire—not to any class
of naval captains, but to any individual instance
where a man acts bravely and is wounded in the
face of the enemy. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the merits of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should be glad if the Sen-
ator from Iowa would state how this retired list
varies from that passed by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The pay list of the Army, as
it passed the Senate upon a former day, gave cach
retired officer of the Army his pay proper, with-
out any emoluments or any commutation of ra-
tions. It was very low pay. The pay to the
officers of the Navy, in that bill, was assimilated
to the pay of the officers of the Army, cxeept that
in the Navy there is no grade that corresponds
with any of the grades in the Army above that of
colonel. The oldest captain in the Navy, and the
most efficient one, only ranks correspondingly or
relatively to officers of the Army as a colonel,
though he may command a fleet of five hundred
vessels and five hundred thousand men. The bill
now under consideration restores the Army re-
tired bill as it was originally introduced by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. How much does it give?
Mr. GRIMES. It gives to different officers dif-
ferent amounts, according to the length of time
they have been in service and the grade they have
attained.
Mr. BINGHAM. How much more than our
bill ?
Mr. GRIMES. Probably about forty percent,
more than was given by the bill as it passed the
Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I wanted to
know.
Mr. GRIMES. That was the proposition of
the Committee on Military Affairs in this body,
and was approved by the House of Represent-
atives, so far as the Army was concerned. So far
as relates to the Navy, the bill now under con-
sideration has adopted the amendment that was
submitted by myself as an amendment to the
bill which camc from the Committee on Military
Affairs, which was intended, however it may be
drawn, to give the leave-of-absence pay of the
officers, and which is between thirty and forty per
cent, more than was given in the bill as it passed
the Senate. The committee of conference, as I
