1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
understand it—although I was not present when
this agreement in regard to the Army was adopt-
ed—adopted the provision as it now stands at the
instance of the members of that conference from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. 1 think if a colonel of volunteers
goes out and gets wounded in defending the liber-
ties of his country, as some of them have been,he
is entitled to a pension of §600 a year, and not
beyond that. This bill, as it is now drawn, gives
to a captain in the Navy who does the same thing,
§4,200. I hope that the Senate will now and for-
ever put their veto on this retiring bill until they
get time to consider it rationally and mature a bill
such as ought to be passed. I think that the cry
of humanity to the soldiers is pressing upon us to
reject this report; but I think the call is equally
imperious on us to set our faces like a flint against
the proposition of this committee as to a naval
retiring board and the enormous pensions which
they propose to pay.
I'know that now is not the time to make a
speech, and I- do not mean to make one; but I
avow here and always that I am willing to be just
and generous and liberal to'woundcd officers and
to the widows and orphans of those who die in
actual service; but I am not willing to sanction
the enormous principle that is contained in this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, I regret that I am notable
to vote for the report of the committee of confer-
ence. My objections I will state very briefly,
notdetaimng the Senate more than a few minutes.
The first objection T have is, that the amend-
ment adopted by the Senate adding to the Ad-
jutant General's department and Commissary de-
partment at the foot of the list has been stricken
out, and the House proposition to add to the
higher grade of officers has been inserted; and
so it is with all the staff officers. I believe that
in the Adjutant Geneial's department, the Ord-
nance department, and the Commissary depart-
ment, the increase of officers is all in the highest
grades; and, indeed, new grades are instituted m
those corps for the first time in our Army. In-
stead of adding eight assistant Commissary Gen-
erals and eight assistant Q.uai termaster Gene-
rals, according to the bill of the Senate, they have
added a colonel of ordnance, 1 believe, giving him
the pay and rank of the Quartermaster General
of the United States, and so with the Commis-
sary General; and they have also added a similar
rank in the Adjutant General's office. The Sen-
ate, by an almost unanimous vote, refused to make
this addition to the staff of the Anny, and I see
no good reason for it. Indeed, I can see no rea-
son why the House of Representatives or the
Senate either should desire now to add so largely
to the expense of the Army; not to its efficiency,
because that is secured by adding new officers to
the lower grade of the staff.
My next objection is, that it gives pay to brevet
rank. I will not vote m any case to compensate
a person who is simply appointed to a brevet
rank. That is an honorary appointment. If the
Senate desired a reform, and wished to give pay
to officets of inferior grade who performed the
duties of a higher grnde, that is one thing; but
that is not the proposition contained in this bill, j
Under it, a person who receives the accident (as |
it sometimes is) of a brevet, receives the addi- j
tional pay, although another officer of the same
grade may be doing the same service without
receiving the additional pay.
Another still gi eater objection to this bill, in my
judgment, is that it adds largely to the proposed
pay°of the retired list—I think more than forty
per cent. As a matter of course, I have not time
carefully to examine it; but from the best inform-
ation 1 can geton reading the amendment, it adds
much more than forty per cent., and it adds it in
an indefinite way; and it adds it in the way of
rations and for mcieascd pay for long service.
Now, I think that whenever an officer of the Army
or Navy is either physically, mentally, or mor-
ally unfit to perform the duties of the grade of the
Aimy or Navy to which he belongs, he should
be at onee retired without any sympathy, or any
complaint on his part; he should be retired on a
pension, something after the plan of the British
Army and Navy. 1 think the pay proper of the
Army is the best rate,and I would not be willing
to vote for any bill that gave a higher rate than
that.
For these three reasons, and for some other
minor details, I am sorry .that I am notable to
vote for the report of the committee of conference.
The report was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move that tire Senate further
insist on its disagreement to the amendment of
the House ofRepresentatives,andaskfor another
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wilson,
Mr. Sherman, and Mr. McDougall, were ap-
pointed the committee on the part of the Senate.
A message from the House of Representatives
was afterwards received, announcing that the
House further insisted upon its amendments to
the bill of the Senate (No. 3) providing for the
better organization of the military establishment,
disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the further
conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and appointed
Mr. Fkancis P. BLAiiiofMissouii, Mr. William
D. Kelley of Pennsylvania, and Mr. James S.
Jackson of Kentucky, managers at the same on
the part of the House.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OP TUB NAVY.
Mr. HALE, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment of
an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same, and for other purposes,
submitted the following report:
The managers on the part of the Senate, on the disa-
greeing votes between the two Houses on Senate bill No.
20, the appointment of an Assisiant Secretary
of the Navy, and fmmj: the salary of the same, and for other
pujposos, have mot the manager on the pa.it of the House,
and alter fall and free eonfeienoe have mutually agieed
to leeommend, and do lueommeml, to their ic">pective
Houses, to ftnke out the \void> "equal to the sea pay of a
captain in the Navy," Mom the si\th and seventh lines oj
beetion one of the hill of the fcScnaie, and insert, in lieu
thereof, the woids, 000;" and with this amendment,
they leeommend that the Senate recede fioin their disa-
gieement to the amendment oJ the Ilou&o to that section
oi the hill.
ymke outtho woid "tlnce," in line threeoflhe amend-
ment of the House, and, in lieu theieof, inseit k{Jour;"
and with I his amendment, they leeommend that the llousc
recede fiom its amendment.
JOHN I\ HALE,
JAms W. GRIMES,
J. A McDOUGALL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. B. SEDGWICK,
ALEXANDER II. JLtlCE,
J. K. ENGLISH,
Managers on the fart oj the House.
Mr. HALE. I will explain that in a single
moment. The Senate fixed the salary of the As-
sistant Secretary of the Navy at $1,200. That is
the highest sea pay of captains. That is the sum
proposed as a pension for those who cannot do
anything. The House disagreed to that, and in-
serted §3,000. Upon the committee of conference,
we agreed to substitute $4,000, which was what
they proposed for the A ssisi ant Secretary of War.
The report was concurred in.
NAVAL MEDICAL CORPS.
Mr. HALE, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps of
the Navy, and for other purposes, submitted the
following report:
The niana«e>s on tin' pa it of the Heriate.on lite disapiee-
ill" vote.-- between the two Mouses on Senate lull No. to
ini-ica-e the inedieal eoips ot tin- N.ivy, and lor othei pui-
poses, have met Ibe mnnufreis on the pan ol the House,
and, aftei iulI and tioe eonleiunee.liave mutually agreed to
lecoinnieiid, and do leeonimeml, to then respective Houses,
as tollows :
1. To amend the till e of the bill, by sti iking out the v.-o iris
"and for ottiei purposes."
2. To strike out the whole of the second section.
JOHN P. ItAIJO,
JAMIif W. GRIMES,
J. A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on Hie part of the Senate.
V. B SEDGWICK,
ALCXANDEtt II. BICE,
J. E. ENGLISH,
Manager.) on the fart of the House.
Mr. HALE. The second section was one re-
lating to filling up the Naval Academy, and the
committees have agreed to report the naked bill
as it was, for increasing the medical corps without
anything else.
The report was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of the Board
of Underwriters of St. Louis, Missouri, against
the passage of the House hill abolishing the east-
ern district of Missouri; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judrciary.
He also presented a petition of a number of
prominent citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, against
the passage of the House bill to abolish the east-
ern district of Missouri; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
EEPORTS i'ROM COMMITTEES. -
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 12) to place the name of Commander
Amasa Paine upon the active-service list of the
Navy, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be postponed to the first
Monday in December next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Charles Boarman,
a captain in the Navy, praying to be restored to
the active-service list, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be post-
poned to the first Monday in December next;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Thomas, a
lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be placed on
the list for active service, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and thatit be post-
poned to the first Monday in December next;
which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 13) to
place the name of Lieutenant Charles Hunter on
the active-servicc list of the Navy, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be postponed to the first Monday in December
next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 14) to
place the name of Lieutenant Peter Turner on
the active-service list of the Navy, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration,and that
it be postponed to the first Monday in December
next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. No. 6) to place
the name of Lieutenant Charles Thomas upon the
active-service list of the United States Navy, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be postponed to the first Monday in
December next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee,to whom was
referred the report of a committee appointed by
the Common Councilor the city of New London,
Connecticut, in favor of the location of the Naval
School at that place, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
SALE OF INTOXICATING DIUNKS.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a resolution relating to the "sale of intoxicating
drinks in thcDistrictof Columbia, to report a bill
(S. No. 53) to prohibit the sale ofspirituousliquors
and intoxicating drinks in the District of Colum-
bia, in certain cases. If there be no objection,
1 would ask that the bill be put on its passage
now.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It piovides that it shall not be lawful for
any person in the District of Columbia to sell,
give, or administer to any soldier or volunteer in
the service of the United States, or any person
wea ring the uniform of such soldier or volunteer,
any spirituous liquor or intoxicating drinks; and
every person so offending, is to be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction before a
magistrate or court having jurisdiction, is to^ be
punished by a fine of twenty-five dollars, or im-
prisonment for thirty days.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE. .
Mr. TEN J2YCK. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a resolution in-
structing them to inquire into the expediency of
requiring an oath of allegiance and support of the
Constitution and Government of the United States,
to be administered to certain officers, have in-
structed me to report a bill (S. No. 54) requiring
an oath of allegiance and to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, to be administered to
