312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
certain persons in the civil service of the United
States. I should lilce to have the bill put on its
passage now.
The bill received its first and second readings.
It provides that it shall be the duty of the heads
of the several Departments to cause to be admin-
istered to'each andevery officer, clerk, oremploye,
now in their respective Departments, or in any
way connected therewith, or who shall hereafter
in any way become connected therewith, the fol-
lowing oath: " I do solemnly swear (or affirm,
as the case may be,) that I will support, protect,
and defend the Constitution and Government of
the United States against all enemies, whether
domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith,
allegiance,and loyalty to the same, any ordinance,
resolution, or law of any State convention or Le-
gislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and
further, that I do this with a full determination,
pledge, and purpose, without any mental reserva-
tion or evasion whatever; and further, that I will
well and faithfully perform all the duties which
may be required of me by law; so help me God."
Every civil officerand employe in the Departments
who shall refuse to take this oath or affirmation
is to be immediately dismissed and discharged
from service or employment.
Mr. KING. I think this bill may as well lie
over. There is no reason given for haste about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will lie
over under the rules.
Mr. KING subsequently said: Having had an
opportunity of ascertaining the contents of the
bill reported by the Senator from New Jersey, I
withdraw my objection to its present considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What is the title of
the bill?
The Secretary. A bill requiring an oath of
allegiance, and to support the Constitution of the
United States, to be administered to certain per-
sons in the civil service of the United States. ,
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
bo engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
l'VllCUASlS OF AMIS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Afl'airsand the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 52) to provide for the purchase of
arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores, have in-
structed me to report it back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass. I ask for its consideration
at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that the sum of $10,000,000 be appiopriated for
the purchase and manufacture of arms, ordnance,
and ordnance stores.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DELAWARE INDIANS.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior ho, and ho
is heieby, directed to furnifU to the Senate a copy of all the
papers, evidence, voucheis, and a statement of the ehaiac-
tcrandoiigm uf the claim ot the Delaware Induing tor
depredations upon umber and lo>-s of property by whites,
embraced in the Sectetary of tho Treasuiy's estimate for
additional appropriation, and accompanying his leitei ot
July 2, Instant.
IIEIRS Of JOHN PAtJh JONES.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of theTiea&urybciequesled
to furnish to the Senate a statement showing the name-: of
all persons, and their respective piopuitions ot the lund to
be distributed, entitled to payment under and by vmue of
the act of Congress? parsed ^bili Match, 1H-18, entitled 4-An
act lor the relief of the heirs of Joint l\iu! Jones,,J far as
the papers in the premies may show such name-?; and
where they do not show the same, the nunibei ot the offi-
cers, seamen, and manned, r^poemvlv entitled as aioie-
sahi, with the propouions atoie^aul pa>abie to each.
ARMS SEXT TO DELAWARE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the followingres-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to inform the Senate whether any arms or ammu-
nition of any description have been sent, or ordered to be
sent, by the War Depaitment, into the State or Delaware
since the 1st day of July instant, and if so, for what pur-
pose, of what kind and description, in what number and
quantity, upon whose application sent or ordered to be
sent, and to whom sent or ordered to be sent.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. GRIMES object-
ed to the present consideration of the resolution;
and it lies over under the rules.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed an act (S.No. 2) to increase the present
military establishment of the United States.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 38)
making an appropriation to pay the expenses of
transporting and delivering arms and munitions
of war to the loyal citizens of the States of which
the inhabitants now arc, or hereafter may be, in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States; and to provide for the expense of organ-
izing them into companies, battalions, regiments,
or otherwise, for their own protection against
domestic violence, insurrection, invasion or re-
bellion.
ARREST OF BALTIMORE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Charles Howard and others, police commissioners
of the city of Baltimore, arrested and confined as
prisoners in Foit McHenry, asking an investiga-
tion into the matter by Congress, or the remission
of it to the tribunals of justice; and also a me-
morial of the Mayor and City Council of Balti-
more, on the same subject, have directed me to
report them back to the Senate, and ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, the com-
mittee being of opinion that no legislation by
Congress is practicable with reference to the mat-
ters set forth in the memorials.
Mr. BAYARD. I presume it is in older for
me to move a substitute for the report of the com-
mittee. The committee ask to be discharged 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. I presume it is in order to
move a substitute for that resolution asking a dis-
charge. I move to amend that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is open to amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose a series of resolu-
tions in lieu of the resolution asking to be dis-
charged. I do not desire to consume the time of
the Senate with debate. They may be read, and
if it is not the pleasure of the Senate to adopt them,
of course I have no more to say. When they arc
read, I will state brielly why 1 offer them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject indicated by him, and the
Senator from Delawaie moves to amend that
motion. The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the proposition of Mr.
Bayaiu>, as follows:
Resolved, That the members of the police board of the
city of Baltimore ought to be either sunendered to the civil
authorities on &omechai e sufficient in law lot their nirest
and detention, oi be d^charged fiom confinement at Fort
Meflemy, and suftered to les-umc then official Junction*.
Resolved, That the contioi ot the municipal police of
Baltimore ought to b° let-tored to tho>-e civil officers to
whom by the iaw^ of Maryland it i-^ intnibted.
Resolved^ That (Jeoig'-i i\ K&nc, nuu&hal of police of the
city of Baltimoie, ought either to L" deiiveicd up to the
civil autlionties on *oine chai«c Mitheient m l,t\v to hold
him in custody, or be dKchutgeri from confinement m Fort
McIIemy.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senate will observe that
I say nothing of the past in these resolutions.
The only relief, in a case like this where the par-
ties are entitled to relief, that can be given, is the
expression of our opinion of what ought to be
done. I presume it will be acted on by the Ex-
ecutive. 1 use no language of censure whatever;
but X assert in these resolutions what I believe to
be the undoubted rightof every American citizen.
One resolution is, that these police commissioners,
if they are not deliveied over to the civil author-
ity on some charge, the courts being all open and
there being no disorder there, shall be set at lib-
erty and restored to their functions. Another is,
that the laws of Maryland in reference to the
municipal police—I speak not of your military
arrangements there, or any army you choose to
place there—ought to be respected and ought to
be suffered to go into effect. The third is, that
the marshal who is confined there ought to be de-
livered to the civil authority on some charge which
would justify his detention, or else be discharged
from confinement. Of course, it is for the Senate
to determine whether they will pass the resolu-
tions. I believe myself it is what the parties are
entitled to, and I believe that the expression of
opinion would probably effect the result without
hesitation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not very familiar
with parliamentary rules; but it seems to me very
questionable whether it is in order to move to
amend the report of a committee asking to be dis-
charged from the consideration of a subject. The
report is one thing. The Senate may adopt it or
reject it; but it strikes me as a novel practicc to
move to amend the report of a committee, and I
question whether it is in order to submit such a
motion as the Senator from Delaware has made.
I will raise that question for the Chair. It strikes
me as out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the subject
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will give me the vote on the motion. I endeavor
to create no cxcitemcnt. I do not ask debate. If
the Senate chooses to vote down my resolutions,
be it so; but I think I ought to have a vote on
them. I do not desire to discuss them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At another time I have
no objection; but it is not practically of any im-
portance now. Everybody wants to adjourn; and
yet nobody will let the business of the Senate
go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Maine is not debatable; it is,
that the whole subject do lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand the
motion to be, that the motion of the Senator from
Illinois and the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware do lie'on the table. That is the mo-
tion. I rise to have it distinctly understood; and
also to ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion of
the Senator from Maine is to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table; that is, the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois and the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated that I had no
soitof objection to its being called up at another
time; but I want to go on with the tariff bill, and
pass it to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
relary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate, by unan-
imous consent, will give me leave, (of course, if
there is objection from any quarter it cannot be
done, as the yeas and nays have been called,) I
will vary my motion, so that it shall be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly content with
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
conscnt the motion of the Senator from Maine
may be withdrawn; and now he puts the motion
in another form: that the subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine that the whole subject can be
finally disposed of in less time than will be con-
sumed in calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to have time; and
I want to look at the subject myself.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
postponement.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator from
Delaware desires it, I have no objection to the
postponement.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I give notice of a preamble
and resolutions that I propose to offer, connected
with a motion to refer back the memorial of the
police commissioners of Baltimore, with instruc-
tions to report.
