1861.
THE CONGRESSIONitL GLOBE.
81B
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky will restate his motion.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to have the preamble and resolutions I have
sent to the table read; and then X notify the Senate
that I will, when the subject of the memorial of
the police commissioners of Baltimore is called
up, move to refer the memorial back to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to them
to report the preamble and resolutions which I
send to the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By general consent the
paper can be printed without being read; and then
it will be on our tables when the subject comes
up to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing.
The paper was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge,U3 Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 81) making an ap-
propriation for the purchase of arms for the volun-
teers and regular troops of the United States; in
which the concurrence ofthe Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 51) in addition to an act entitled
" An act further to provide for the collection of
duties on imports, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 13, 1861; and
A bill (No. 48) providing a commission to ex-
amine and report as to the compensation of all
officers of thj Government, and for other pur-
poses.
PURCHASE OP ARMS.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the bill
which has just come from the House of Repre-
sentatives put on its passage at this time. We
have passed a bill of the same kind to-day, and
it is important that it should he passed at once.
["What is it?"] It is a bill appropriating
$10,000,000 for the purchase of arms. The steamer"
sails oil Wednesday, and the President ought to
be allowed to send an agent abroad at once.
The bill (H. R. No. 81) making an appropria-
tion for the purchase of arms for the volunteers
and regular troops of the United States was, by
unanimous consent, read three times and passed.
THE TARIFF BILL. W
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was-agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (II. R. No. 54) to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Finance have reported a series of amend-
ments; which will betaken up, read,and consid-
ered in their order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe all the amendments
that have been proposed, except the last one which
I presented on Saturday, have been consideied.
1 desire to oifer an amendment to the second sec-
tion as an addition to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
unable to understand the Senator from Rhode
Island. So many persons are standing between
that Senator and the Chair, that he can neither
see nor hear him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I offer, as an amendment to
the second section, what I have sent to the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Gum copal, and other frum? oi resmnus subbUnccs used
for the same or similar purposes as yum eopal, shall pay an
additional duty ot 10 centfa per pouud.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I designed to.make a few
more observations on this bill before the final vote
shall be taken. The other day I explained the
purpose of the amendments, avoiding any com-
ment or word of illustrationupon them. 1 thought
it was simply necessary to possess the Senate of
the'views of the committee in suggesting these
amendments to the hill. I now wish to make a
few observations as to the effect that I think the
bill as amended will have upon the revenue of the
country; or rather, I propose to answer some of
the objections that I hear made about me and that
have been written to me, in reference to the pro-
posed increase of 10 per cent, upon the present
tariff.
I believe all agree that so far as the first section
of our amendments is concerned, it is at least as
good as, if not better than, the provision contained
in the corresponding section of the House bill.
Our first section sligh tly lowers the duties on coffee
and sugar from the rates imposed by the Hfttse of
Representatives; but otherwise conforms to their
bill. There are, however, objections urged to the
section adding 10 per cent, to the duties imposed
by the general law now in existence, upon the
ground that that will defeat the object of this bill
as a revenue measure. It is to these objections
that I propose to reply in the few observations
that I intend to make.
I stated the other day when I was up, that by
the provisions of the present law, the average
late of duty was 21 per cent. I will now say
that under all the tariffs we have had, we have
never collected actually what they would nom-
inally appear to give, by about 20 per cent.; but
the committee thought last year that, fixing a
good many specific duties, and avoiding a great
many of the frauds of the then existing law, we
should come within 10 per cent, of the amount
laid by law. That would give us an average of
about 19 per cent, on the whole importations,
which, upon $325,000,000 of imports, would give
$60,000,000 of revenue. We have now, by this
bill, transposed from the free list about one half
of the articles, and put them in a dutiable list;
and I think that now it will come within 5 per
cent, of what it purports on its face. That would
give us 20 per cent, on the importations, and this
additional duty of ten per cent, will bring it up to
an average of 30 per cent.
I have taken the pains to look at the average
duties for the twenty-eight years out of the last
forty, when the duties have been highest, the
other twelve having already been stated. The
last tirryS I spoke, I referred to those twelve years,
and s^Td that the average dudes then were 15 per
cent,-' Those twelve years were under our lowest
tariffs. For the other twenty-eight years of the
last forty, the average duties upon all the im-
portations into the United States were 31.07 per
<^fent. Now we propose to put on 30 per cent,
only, and yet there is a general hue and cry
throughout the country that such rates of duty
will be absolute prohibition, though we have had
twenty-eight years' experience of the last forty,
within almost any man's recollection who is old
enough to b# in the Senate, with a higher duty
all the time under five tariffs. Still people say
we cannot collcct any revenue from these mon-
strous rates of duty.
Now, what has been the effect of these differ-
ent rates of duty upon the general business of the
country? We certainly can, most of us, recollect
what the effect of these duties has been. From
1834 to 1842, under what was called the compro-
mise tariff, the duties were 15 per cent, on the
whole importations; and from 1857 to 18G1 they
were 14; per cent. I put the whole time ot 15
per cent, in round numbers. During those twelve
years we had a most painful revulsion as often as
every other year, and we had a bank suspension
every three yrars in the whole time. In those
twelve years there were four bank suspensions,
and as many as six tremendous commercial revul-
sions. During the other twenty-eight years, what
was the fact ? Not one general bank suspension, ]
not one monetary revulsion. I have been in busi- ;
ness almost forty-six yeais; I have had the nego-
tiation of paper, for 1 was an agent, and had to
draw diafts forty-seven years ago; and during
those forty-seven years, aside from the twelve
years of low duties, 1 never knew but two months
when money was 1 per cent, a month, and that
was in 1819. That is the only period during
forty-seven years thatT have not been able to
negotiate paper at simple interest, if the paper
was fit to negotiate at all. During the twelve
years of low duties, I have never known a year
when money was not over 12 per cent, during the
two periods I have spoken of, and most of the
time 2 or 3 per cent, a month—enough to ruin
any merchant, and any business, and any coun- j
try; and yet people are frightened to death at an
attempt to resume what v/as a salutary rate of
duty l'or twenty-eight years, and want to go hack |
to the ruinous rate that has paralyzed your indus-
try all over the United States. I am astonished
at it; and yet we hear every day and every hour
of men, respectable for talent, and worthy of all
praise for their enterprise; having apprehensions
that we cannot raise a duty of 30 per cent, on the
importations of this country. I am utterly sur-
prised at it; and I should be still more surprised
ff the Senate should entertain such fears.
I do not propose to enlarge upon such topics a9
these. They might be amplified, but I dismiss
the subject after having once called the attention
of the Senate to it. I know the effect of the public
press upon public opinion outside of Congress and
m it. Fsom the time the tariff act of the 2d of
Marcjj last was passed, down to this day, the
public press of all parties everywhere has been
teeming with abuse of the measure. I have not
known one just or manly commentary upon the
measure in a single paper in the commercial em-
porium of our country, except the New York
Tribune. Every other paper in New York that
I have seen, Republican as well as Democratic^
has denounced it. They said this measure was
bequeathed to us by the last Administration, and
that President Lincoln ought to call Congress to-
gether to repeal it forthwith. Now, I believe that
this Administration inherited nothing from the
last except $100,000,000 of debt that it contracted
by its stupidity in not altering the law, and the
present wicked rebellion that resulted from its
crimes. That is all we got from it; and all we
have to do now, is to provide the means of pay-
ing the debt and of suppressing the rebellion.
If I did not believe, nay, if I did not know, that
this impost system had some beneficial effect upon
industry, by improving the condition of the labor
of the country, I would denounce it as the cruel-
est system of oppression that was ever devised by
man. What! tax people without any incidental
benefit, and tax consumption, the poor equally
with the rich ? It never would be borne, and it
never should be borne. But, sir, there are inci-
dental benefits resulting from it. About one half
of these taxes are paid by foreigners. That is the
experience of the whole world. Then it stimu-
lates your own industry; it gives you a better
market; and take it all in all, we have found, by
sixty years'experience,thatitis the best method
of raising the largest portion of our income. But
for these things, there is not a statesman in the
world who woufd prefer it. It is for that reason
that I go for it.
I ask not this 10 per ccnt. for any protection it
gives to any living man. We made thQ bill last
year, as wo thought, perfectly good for that; and
with it the country are content; but thisisjsimply
a revenue measure, and in my deliberate judg-
ment, it would not diminish the importations
$10,000,000 if you should double the 10 per cent.
I think, ifl have not anything else t  say, I can
say that I have had some experience about the
effect of tariffs on the imports of the country.
After saying that, in my judgment, in the ordi-
nary course of trade this bill will give §105,000,000
of revenue, and statingsimply how T am satisfied
that that is a reasonable estimate, I will dismiss
that part of the subject. In the first place, in the
year 1860, we exported $400,000,000 of American
products; and anybody who knows anything
about the course of trade, knows that the carry-
ing of that $400,000,000 adds at least 10 per ccnt.
to itin the foreign market. That is $440,000,000.
With our former cheating tariff, as I called it,
they get it all back again, and entered the im-
ports at $300,000,000—§80,000,000 less than was
shipped. That goes into the average that makes
up the $325,000,000 for the four years. Now, I
know enough about it to know that there was
jj>440,000,000 of goods imported that year; that
that was the cost abroad; and I think, as we have
pretty much, if not entirely, destroyed the chance
to cheat, we shall get more than we ever did. That
is destroyed by the bill of March last, and here-
after we shall get the entries of our imports pretty
honestly made, and you will find they will swell
up 25 per cent, from that cause alone.
Now I come to the amendment that I propose
in the form of an income tax; and here let me say
that it is fsom no desire to disagree with anothoi"*
committee, that 1 report this amendment. 1 know
that there is a mysterious influence that has acted
upon the minds of men in all ages—one wholly
inexplicable to me—which induces all races of men
to follow in the footsteps of their ancestors. I
believe this is exemplified by none more strik-
ingly than by the Anglo-Saxon race. I suppose
the House of Representatives propose to follow,
