314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 29,
for that reason, the rule of the British Parliament,
and their system; which is, first, imposts, then
excises, then land taxes, and then income taxes.
That is the English practice; and I do not think
it strange that statesmen in this country should
conclude that that is the best. I like this notion
of venerating one's ancestry and country, old and
new; but I think we should do better to practice
their virtues, and try to avoid their errors, if we
possibly can. I have great faith in these notions
of respect for ancestry, and not a little for tradi-
tion. I recollect to have read thirty or forty years
ago a statement made in the other House of Con-
gress by a Representative from Rhode Island,
who knew a great deal more about the history of
Rhode Island, and the other colonies, than I ever
expect to know, that Rhode Island had always
been first at the fight, and last at the peace. 1
suppose our soldiers the other day had that sort
of notion, and, either from tradition or instinct,
were the first to got into that fight and the last to
get out. I commend them for it.
Now, I would follow the old notions as far as
they went in the right direction; but I am per-
fectly satisfied that there is no propriety in our
putting a land tax on. The very reasons that
induce England to put a land tax on, should in-
duce us to put on an income tax. When England
taxes land, she taxes the wealth of the nation;
her land is all held by lords; it is not scattered
about in ten-acre lots. When they tax land they
tax wealth; but when we tax land, we tax poverty;
that is, we tax the poor the same as we do the
rich; but when we tax income, we tax nobody but
those who can pay it. We cannot bring the least
distress on any living being by taxing income;
because we only propose to tax incomes over
#1,000 a year; and anybody that lias prudence
can live on p,000, as well as §10,000. I would
not give a jack straw, so far as comfort was con-
cerned, whether I had §1,000 or $10,000 a year
to support my family. 1 have lived on little, and
spent a great deal; and it docs not make much
difference in comfort which way you do it. If
there is any difference, I am rather inclined to
think you can live best on a small income. You
can have more solid comfort, at any rate. I have
no kind of doubt that this inffome tax would
bring in from $20,000,000 to #30,000,000; and I
know of no way that that amount of money can
be raised with so little of public distress, Unit has
ever bei'n devised by mail. Therefure, 1 trust
the Senate, if (hey have read this amendment, are
ready to vote for it. This session is to be de-
voted to voting, as I understand, and no talking;
and I will endeavor to use ax little time m talking
as I can, aijd have the subject fairly presented to
the Senate. 1 believe 1 have said about all that
it is necessary to say about this income tax, and
I dismiss it, and hope we shall get a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. liwciiT.)
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance will be read by the Secretary.
The amendment is to add seveial additional
sections to the bill. The Secretary read the first
section of the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 8. *&rid be il further enra-ted, That fiom and after
the 1st day of Januaiy n<-vl there shall In* levied, collected,
and [i.ikI, upon the animal inoomr of eveiy poison i eroding
in the United States, whether such income i* derived Iiom
any kind of piojK-ify, oi fiom any piotesr-K>n, trade, em-
ployment, or vocation, corned on m the (Jutted Slates or
elsewhere, ot fiom any other source whatever, if such an-
nual income c.\cced> ilic sum of ;$l,000, a lax off) pei cen-
tum on the amount of Mich exec.-.* of such income above
.91,000 : Provided, That upon such portion of said mcome
as sjuill he derived from interest upon TioaMiry notes 01
otliej seen uties ot the I'm ted States, theie shall be lev u*d,
collected, and paid, a ta^ oi •>«- pei centum. Upoiuhe in-
come, icnts, or dividends, acciutng upon <my property, se-
cuufi'-s, 01 stock*, owned in the United £*tati\s !)>• any citi-
zen of the; United States icsiding nhioad, theie shall he
levied, collected, and paid, a tax of 7' pei centum, except-
ing that portion of said income derived fiom iriteiest on
Tioa-uiy notes and other s^curitie^ of the Government of
the United States which shall pay per centum. The
tax herein provided shall he assessed upon the annual in-
come of the pejsons hciem named tor the year next pie-
eedinp: the time tor a<se*sing said tax, to wit: the \oai next
preceding the Mot January, and the said taxes, when
"" so assessed and made public, shall become <1 hen on the
pioperty t>r other sources of said income for the amount of
the frame, with the interest and oilier expenses of collec-
tion, until paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment, I un-
derstand, embraces several sections.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
sepaia'e^the (portion i{ the Semite desires it.
Mi. FEtiyiJiNiJEIN. I su"u'estthat ltisotiered
as one amendment, and should be properly read
through; and then, if an amendment is desired,
any Senator can move it.
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
or thi  member of the committee who proposes
the amendment, to the effect which this section
may have upon the Treasury notes which you
have ordered to be issued to-day, and which you
may hereafter order to be issued. There is a pro-
viso here that per cent, shall be paid upon the
excess of income over £,1,000 arising from Treas-
ury notes. You passed a bill this morning author-
izing the issue of new Treasury notes, to draw
6 per cent, interest. What effect will this pro-
viso, taxing that income per cent., have upon
those notes in the market? Would it not be
regarded as reducing the interest to 3} per cent.?
On their face they purport to bear (j per cent,
interest; and yet on the same day that you pro-
vide for issuing them, you pass anothei act that
that interest shall be liable to a tax of 2| per cent.
I suggest that any tax may affect, and seriously
affect, the value of the Treasury notes in the
market.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Delaware has hardly devot-ed his usual consider-
ation to this question. Here is a proposition to
tax ordinary income 5 per cent., but to tax the
income from the Government securities one half
of that; and he thinks that will hurt the value of
Government securities. Wo put it in there on
purpose to make it better; and instead of its being
2^ per cent, on the propei ty, it is 2J per cent, on
the income over $1,000. If a man "has §100,000
of G per rent, stocks, he would only have to pay
§150 tax on the income; that is per cent, oil
$>6,000. If he had no other income, he would
only have to pay $125.
Mr. SAULSBCJKY. I ask the Senator whether
a person who takes these Treasury notes bearing
G per cent, interest will get 6 per cent, interest on
the Treasury notes, or whether he will not get 6
per cent, less per cent, upon the excess of in-
teiest to which he is entitled over jjl ,000 ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion? If he has $100,000
drawing G per cent, interest, lie is taxed 5 per cent,
of the income; if he puts it in Treasury notes, he
only has to pay 24 per cent. Does he not save
2i per cent. ?
Mr. SAULS13URY. I see very well that it
bears less interest than other property; but the
question is, if you tax it at all will you not affect
its value m market?
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might make it more
valuable by exempting it altogether; but with this
you give an advantage by saying to a man: " If
you put your other property into tills, you will
not have to pay as much."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the amendment.
The remaining sections of the amendment were
read, as follows:
flj-,0. 0. -hit! be it /wither cnarlcri, Tjiat il shall bp the
(inly of I he J'i evident o! the United states. ;lnd lie is hereby
authou/vcd, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint fine principal a^sc^hOi and one principal
colleetoi in each of the States and Temtoiies of the United
States, to a-^ess and collect the taxes imposed by the first
section of this act, with authojityin each of said oflicei-:
to appoint so many assistants as the puhhc service may
requue, to he appioved by the Sceietary of the Treasiny.
The ,-aid taxes to he a^sCs.-cd and collctfedunderMieh reg-
ulations as the Seerctaiy of the Treasury may prescubc.
The said collector, foci em authouzed to he appointed, shall
give bonds, to the satisfaction of the Secietaiy of the Trcas-
my, in siieh a- he may piesciibe, lor the faithful per-
formance of tiwnr ielective duties. And the Secietaiy oi
the Tieasury shall presenile such leasonablo compensation
for the assessment and collection of ?-<ad tax us may appear
to him .ui-t and propei; not. how ever, to exceed in any
case the sum oi $2,500 per annum for the piincipal ofliecis
lj iieiein refctied to, and pei annum toi an assistant.
11 The a.->-is?;uit collector herein piovidcd shall give bonds to
the satisfaction of the psincipai collector for"the faithful
perloimanceof their duties. The Seerctaiy of theTrcasuiy
is fuithci auihou/.cd to select ami appoint one or more de-
po^itanes in each Stale tot the depo«at and safe-keepinarof
the inonejs aiding fiom the tax heiem imposed when col-
lected, and the leeeipt ot the proper otlicei ol such depos-
itory to the collector for. he mone>s tk posited by him shall
be the piopei voucher tor such collector 111 the settlement
of his account at the Treasuij Depaitment. And lie is
fmthei authouzed and empoweied to make such otliceroi
depoMtaiy tli'1 disbursing agent of the Tieasury for the
payment, of all inteiest due to the citizens of such State
upon the Tieasurv note* or other Government securities
i3sin'd by authont\ of law. And he shall also prcvrib^ the
loini-. ot retunie to ho made1 to the Department by all a--
sensors and collector appointed under the authority oi llu*
act. He shall also prescribe the form of oath or obligation
to be taken by the several officers authorised or directed to
be appointed and commissioned by the President under tins
act before a competent magistrate duly authorized to ad-
minister oaths, and the foim of the return to be made
thereon to the Treasury Department.
Sec. 10. .'2nd be it further enacted, That the tax herein
imposed shall be due and payable on or before the 30th day
of June, in the year 1862, and all sums due and unpaid at
that day shall draw interest thcreaftei at the late of 6 per
centum per annum; and if any pei*ou ot persons shall
neglect or refuse to pay, alter due notice, anv tax assessed
against him, her,or them, lor the space of moie than thuty
days after the same is due and payable, it shaH be lawful
for any collector or assistant collector charged with the
duty of collecting such tax, and they ai e heieby authorized,
to levy the same on the visible propyl ty of anv such peison,
or so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay such tax,
with the interest due theieon and the expenses incident to
such levy and sale, fiisf giving thirty daj s' public notice of
the time and placc of the sale theieof; and m ease of the
failure of any person or pei sons authorized to act as agent
or agents foi the collection of the rents oi other income of
any person residing abroad shall neglect or refuse to pay the
tax assessed theieon (bavin? haddiie notice) foi moie than
thirty days after the 30th of June, 188:}, the collector or his
assistant, for the district where such propeity is iocated or
rents oi income is payable, shall be, and heieby is, authoi-
izcd ter levy upon the pioperty itsclfand sell the same, or so
much thereof as may be necessaiy to pay the tax assessed,
together with the interest and expenses incident to such
levy and sale, first giving thirty days' public notice of the
time and place of sale. And m all ease-? of the saleofprop-
eityheiein authorized, the conveyance by the officer au-
thorized to make the sale, duly executed, shall give a valid
title to the puieha&cr, whethci the piopeity sold be ical or
peisonal. And the seveial collector-; and assistants ap-
pointed under the authority of this, act may, if they find
no ptopeuy to saiisfy the taxes assessed upon any person
by authoi ity of this act, and which such piM-on neglects
to pay a^ hereinbefore piovidcd, shall have powei,aud it
shall be their duty, to auest such person and commit him
to pi Ison, to bo held in custody until the s;ync shall be paid,
with intcK's-t theieon, at the rate of 6 per centum per annum,
from the time when (he same was payable a< a<oie«aid,and
all fees and charges of such couumtmentand custody; and
the place of custody shall in all cases be the patno provided
by law ior the custody of per-ons committed foi any cause
by the authority ot the United States!, and the wauantof
the collector, stating the cause of commitment, shall be
sufficient authority to the proper officci fm iccciving and
keeping such peison in custody until the anion :t of said
tax and interest, and all fees and the expense of such cus-
tody, shall have been tally paid and discharged : which fees
ami expenses shall be the same as arc ehaigeabtc undci the
Jaws of the United States in other eases of commitment
and custody; and it shall be the duty of such collector to
pay the expenses ot such custody, and the same, with his
fees, shall bo allowed on settlement of his accounts. And
the person so committed shall have the same light to be
discharged from such custody as may be allowed by the
laws of the State or Tctritory where he is so held in cus-
tody to persons committed underthe laws of  ueh State or
Ternf<)t\ lor the non-pa\ menf of taxes, and m the manner
provided by <uch law-; or he may be difclnugcd at any
time bv oulei of the Secietaiy of the Tica^uiv.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That should any of the
people of any of the States oi Toiiitoues of the United
States be in actual rebellion against the authoiityof the.
Government of the United States at the time this act goes
into operation, so that the laws of the United States cannot
be executed thciein, it shall be the duty ot the Pie^ident,
and he is hereby authorized, to proceed to execute the pio-
visionsofthis act within the limit- ol Mich Slate oi Territory
so soon as the authority ot the United States tlnuein is rees-
tablished; and to collect the sums which would have hem
due from the persons residing or holdnur ptoperly or stocks
thetcin, with the liiteiest due, at tne rate of 6 pen centum
pei annum theieon until paid in the manner and underthe
ipgulations piesciibed in the foiegoirig sections of this act.
Sec. 32. Jind he UJurther cnuctcd, That all claim on the
pait of the Government of the United States to have the
several sums of money deposited ith the seveial States
undet the authority of an act entitled "An a<-t to regulate
the deposits of the public money," approved .Tune 93,1836,
ictuincd oi icpaid by sajd States to the Treasury of the
United States be, and the <anie is heieby, ielea-cd, and
the Secietaryofthe Treasiny is hereby authouzed and di-
rected to balance the accounts in the Tieasury with such
States, and to make entiy thoiein that the same aie settled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The question
will be on the fiist section of the amendment as
proposed by the Senator from lthode Island. Is
the Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Tf there is no objection I
should prefer to have the vote taken on it alto-
gether. If there is objection, let it be taken sep-
arately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asked for a division.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was not aware of it.
Mr. HOWE. •! was occupied while the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island was speaking upon this
bill, and I do not know whether he made any par-
ticular comment on the first poi tion of the proviso
to the first section. I do not quite comprehend,
the reason of that exception. I believe it is in
order to move an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to move to amend the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Then for the purpose of bring-
ing the question before the Senate, I move to
