816
^THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That, from and after the passage of this act, in lieu of
thedtities heretofore imposed bylaw on the articles herein
enumerated, and on such as may now he exempt, from duty,
there shall be levied* collected, and paid, on the goods,
wares, and merchandise herein enumerated and provided
for, impoited from toreign countries, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say: On raw sugar, commonly
called Muscovado or brown sugar, and on simp of sugar or
of sugar cane, and on concentrated molas^^, or on con-
centrated melado, and on white; and clayed cug.ar, when
advanced beyond the raw state by claying or other process,
Und not yet refined, 2 cents per pound; on refined sugar,
whether loaf, lump, or pulverized, 4 cents per pound; on
sugais after being jeiincd, when they are tmctuied, colored,
or in anywise adulteiated,and on sugar candy, 6 cents per
pound ; on molasses, 5 cents per gallon ; on tea, 15 cents
per pound ; on coffee, 4 cents per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment.
• Mr. SAULSBURY, I move to amend the
amendment, by striking out the words " on coffee,
4 cents per pound," in the nineteenth and twen-
tieth lines of that section. 1 will not take up the
time of the Senate by presenting; any reasons for
this amendment to the amendment, further than
to state that the bill will be distasteful to a great
many persons in my State. This is an article
that enters largely into the consumption of a class
of persons ill able to bear taxes. I feel it my
duty, therefore, to make the motion, and on it I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wiil say but one word.
The House bill placed the duty on coffee at 5
<eents, and we have reduced it to 4 cents.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 33; as follows;
YI5AS—Mcsms Bright, Johnson of Missouri, Kennedy,
Latham, Polk, Powell,and Saulsbury—7.
JVAYS—Me-si?!. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Chand-
ler, (Jlajk, Collamer, Cowan, j)i\on, Dooiiulc, J'Vs-st'iiden,
Foot, Foster, Gnme-=, Halo. Ilailaii, JIaru*, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDouyal!, Mori ill, 1'omeioy,
Rice, Sherman, tfimmon«, Sunine ,Ten Kyck, Thomson,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, YVihuot, and Wilson—IW.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair,) The question now recurs on con-s
curring in the first section.
The amendment was concurred in.
ThcSccretary proceeded to read the next amend-
ment made us inCommiUeo of the Whole; which
was to fnscit as section two the following:
Sec, Jhul hi- it fiothcr cncutr.1, That, in adilUmn to the
tluUos now imposed hv law on good-, waie>, and meielian-
Ui.se not enumetalcd in the fmogoing m'cUoii, and on all
goods not herein othoi wbe pun ulcd lot, heioaiter unpolled
from foreign countries, there shall be levied, collected, ami
paid, a duty of 10 per centum ad valorem, to include ail
merchandise t-uhjeet to or exempt nom duty by fottner
laws.
Mr. SUMNER. Those are the words I wish
to have stricken out; and on this question I should
like to have n vole of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will suggest that there is a proviso to the section.
The section will be read through, and then the
motion will be entertained.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better take a
vote on that simple proposition, because, in that
way, we shall arrive at the precise wishes of the
Senate. I therefore move to strike out the words
that the Secictary hay just read; and if I can
have the attention of the Senate for two minutes,
I think I can explain why } think itbestfhntthose
words should be stricken out.
It will be remembered that, in the last days of
the last session, a tariff \\\is adopted; but owing
to the disturbed state of the country, and the im-
pediments to commerce, it is not too much to say
that we have no present experience of the oper-
ation of that tariff. We do not know to what
extent it will give revenue to the country. While
we are thus ignorant of the operation of that
tariff, we are called upon to make an important
change, which is nothing less than to pile a new
story upon what has already been criticised as too
high. It is proposed, in addition to all existing
duties, to impose a further duty of 10 per cent.
In the present exigencies of the country, if there
was any reasonable assurance that, out of that
extraordinary tax, the revenue of the eounliy
could be advanced, I should have nothing to say
against it; on the contrary, { should hold up both
my hands for it; but, so far as I am informed—
and 1 have taken some pains to instruct myself—
there is no reasonable ground to believe that the
addition of 10 per cent, extra upon the duties
that are now imposed would give to the country
any additional revenue.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him 
M# SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr POLK. 1 will ask if the result of his in-
vestigations is not that the addition of 10 percent,
would actually decrease the revenue?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator properly directs
the attention of the Senate to an important point.
I said there was no reasonable assurance that
there would be an increase of revenue. I believe
that I may go further, as the Senator has sug-
gested, anu say that it will be so far prohibitory
that it will actually diminish instead of increase
revenue. Now, if these duties shall be prohib-
itory, where will be your revenue? Revenue
comes from commerce, and is just in proportion
to the extent of commerce; but if you make com-
merce impossible, where is your revenue ? You
kill the bird that lays the golden egg.
There is a pleasant sto*y, which I remember to
have heard, of a shopkeeper who once announced
to his friends, that before breakfast he had in-
creased his fortune by ten per cent.; but, on in-
quiry, it was ascertained that ho had merely
marked his goods on hand at an increased price
of ten per cent.; and that was his boasted increase
of fortune. I must say that I much fear that this
additional ten per cent, now proposed, will be
equally vain for an increase of our national reve-
nues.
But, Mr. President, w\ule the advantages of this
proposed increase are all uncertain, there are dis-
advantages that are certain. It will add to the
bad name which the tanff we passed at the last
session already has with those who are disposed
to criticise it, and especially with foreign coun-
tries. At this moment, when every suggestion
of prudence dictates that in our relations with for-
eign countries we should be governed by a su-
preme policy of moderation, conciliation, and good
will, you propose to take a step which will, to
say the least of it, be regarded as an indication of
hostility or of indifference. Now, whatever may
be the sentiments and the sympathies of European
Governments with regard to us, it is perfectly
clear that the laboring classes of Europe do sym-
pathize with us in our present struggle; and all
those sympathies you turn aside when you im-
pose prohibitory duties which cut off a market for
then labor. I am therefore, Mr. President, op-
posed to this proposed increase on two positive
grounds: first, because its advantages are uncer-
tain; secondly, because its disadvantages are cer-
tain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I am very
glad that the Senator has mado the remarks he
haa, and I desire to say a few words in reply,
moi e particularly to the List portion of his speech.
As chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, it being his duty to keep on the best possi-
ble terms with all foreign Powers, he had a right,
peihaps, to say what he has said; but, after all,
that is not the question. I would suggest to the
honorable Senator, that there is something else to
be consideiedat the present time besides the good
or bad opinion which certain foreign ministers and
others may have of our domestic policy. Why,
sir, the country is in a state of war, incurring an
expense enormous in its magnitude, which the
people of this country must bear. The question
is, hoV are they to get the money? How are
they to cairy on the war? Without money, we
know we cannot do it. It must be had upon some
terms or other, and had, if possible, from the
ordinary sources of revenue; and if those alone
will not produce it, fiom extraordinary sources,
if wo can find them.
Now the Senator says: " Be careful how you
lay these duties on, because foreign countries will
be offended at us." What right has a foreign
country to make any question about what we
choose to do with reference to these matters; to
say, when we are in a state of war, and struggling
for national existence even, that we shall not im-
pose duties which arc necessary to enable us to
prosecute that war, because, forsooth, it may
affect the interests of foreign gentlemen?
Mr. SUAINER. I kno\y the Senator does not
intend to misstate ray argument. I assumed that
there would be no increase of revenue from this
proposed additional 10. percent.; at least, that
the advantages of that proposed increase were
uncertain, were doubtful; and then I went on to
suggest that it was very certain there would be
disadvantages.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator said he put
it on two grounds: first,that it wouldnot do.what
was desired; and secondly, that it would offend for-
eign Powers and foreign countries. Those were
the two heads of his argument. There was no
misunderstanding him. I take thelastpointfirst.
I have heard this argument adduced out of
doors, and this talk about how foreign Powers
might feel respecting the duties we choose to im-
pose upon articles imported into this country.
Why, sir, I say the argument is nothing less than
an insult.* We are in a time of war; we are
struggling for existence; and is it for any foreign
Power or any people to tell us to be careful how
we impose duties on articles which they wish to
sell us, that may diminish their sales and their
profits, although our people are to pay them ? I say,
this argument, when addressed by a foreign Power
to us, is an insult to us, and nothing less than that.
If, for the sake of discriminating against apeople,
or against the interests or the industry of a peo-
ple, we should lay duties that are not necessary
for ourselves, then they would have a right to bo
offended, because it would be an unfriendly act;
but when we place everybody on the same level,
and do that which we judge necessary for our
own good, with reference to matters exclusively
domestic,it becomes no Power and no people,un-
der such circumstances, to use the argument to us
directly or indirectly, that they may be offended
if we lay duties more or less upon articles of their
exportation to this country.
I say, therefore, that no people have a right to
be offended with us for acting according to our
own views of our own interests. They would
not have it in time of peace, and much less could
they have it in time of war. If theie is no dis-
crimination against a people, no people have a
right to be offended. If a foreign minister said to
me: " Sir, this wiil have the effect to injure the
industry of my people, and therefore I warn you
that they will be offended; beware of the conse-
quences;5' I would say: u Sir, that declaration
made to me, is an insult to me as a Senator and
legislator of the country. T act with regard to you
fairly, without discrimination, and it is for you to
submit in all matters of this description to that
which I judge necessary for the interests of my
country, more especially for the well being and
safety and preservation of the institutions of my
country;" and no sensible, wise people would
make that an objection.
Sir, I am really in a position which I am not fit
to occupy, as chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance; all I can say of my capacity is, that I have
a considerable capacity for labor, and not much
beyond it. It is not for me to say what will bo
the exact effect of the bill we propose to pass,
with regard to the tariff of last year. I voted for
that tariff; I put aside, as far as I could, all the
noise and confusion that was made with regard
to the tariff, and endeavored to look at it in a
business point of view, and come to such a con-
clusion as I judged to be a right one with refer-
ence to it. That bill was well considered. It was
considered for two years. The very best minds
we had among us were given to the deliberate
consideration of it in all its details, and the con-
clusion-was arrived at that the bill was fair and
proper and necessary in the then existing state of
our national finances. We passed it. Nobody
had a right to be offended, cither at home or
abroad. We passed it, not with reference to in-
dividuals, not with reference to classes, not with
reference to any people but our own, according to
our own view of what the interests of this coun- 
try required, the amount of revenue we desired
to raise, and the best way to get it honestly and
fairly, without discrimination against anybody,
according to ourbestjudgm,ent;and with reference %
also, in some degree, to ehc protection of our na- 
tional industry. We had a right to do it. We did
it, No revenue of any consequence has been de-*
rived as yet from it, not because of the tariff, but
because of the existing sUte of things. It has had
no time to go into operation. Nobody asks us to
increase it for the purpose of protection; nobody
asks us to increase it for the purpose of exclusion.
We have no desire to do it, and no intention to da
it; but we find now, instead of peace* that we have
