1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
upon us a state of war; and we find that that tariff
as it stood, produce what it might, one way or
another, would not produce enough for our pur-
poses, and as much as we ought to receive from
duties. Under these circumstances, what are we
to do? We must have revenue from some point.
Has the Senator examined—will he take that bill
in its details and go through it and tell us what it
will exclude, what it will embargo, what will be
kept out, and what will come in? We must do
something. What are we to do?
Mr. SUMNER. Take the House bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the House bill?
The House bill imposes more duties on a few
articles which were before exempted or free, in-
creasing the duty on sugar, tea, and coffee, and
then takes a certain set of articles and increases
the duty more than 10 per cent.—20, 30, 40, and
100 per cent.—articles used by the poor. That is
what the House bill does. Instead of doing that,
we have said that the tariff was high enough for
all the purposes we wanted then; but was not
enough now whunjire wanted more, and we take
the risk. I believe with the Senator who reported
this bill, from the best examination I have been
able to give it, that this tariff will produce much
more revenue. It is very possible that mistakes
may have been made; that upon some articles it
will operate as an exclusion to a very great ex-
tent. What then? We must remedy it hereafter.
We must do something now. We must raise more
money by duties, if we can, than the House bill
will raise, and that is the object of this proposi-
tion.
Now, sir, I have no fear—not the slighest in the
world—that this will strike down the receipts from
duties. Does the Senator know that we have been
living upon what we had; that we have been using
up all these articles of foreign countries; and that
they will very soon be entirely out of market?
What will the people of the country do? They
must have them. There is money to buy them.
They must come in. Everybody who lias con-
"sidered the people of the United States, knows
perfectly well that there must be a vast increase
ofimportations within a very short period of time.
There is the article of silks, for instance. Docs
not the Senator know that, notwithstanding there
may be an additional duty of 10 per cent., the
people who wear silks will be willing to pay it?
though perhaps not to the amount they did m time
of peace, in time of prosperity; and neither would
they without the 10 per cent. I miglitgo through
the list and give others; but I give that by way of
illustration." What I say, theiefore, is, that at
this period, situated as the country now is, no man
can tell, no man can demonstrate what will be the
result with regard to our importations. One thing
we can do: we can take the list of articles upon
which we impose duties, and we can find how
much a given amount gave us in a certain year,
how much a certain amount in another year, and
how much on ail average in a series of years, and
we may predicate upon that a tax that would give
us a certain amount of money. How much that
will be diminished, and the amount of importa-
tions, by the fact that the state of the country is
such as it is, and the people are compelled to econ-
omize, we do not know; I do notknowand do not
pretend to say. Nothing but the future can de-
termine that, and the prospect we have of con-
quering a peace.
Let me tell the Senator one tiling; until we do
conquer a peace, we must have the money to
carry on the war, and it must come from this
source in a very great degree, and it will come
from this source m a very great degree-—not to
the extent it would in prosperous times, to be
sure; but it must come, and we must find out how
much we shall get. It is alt matter of speculation
to that extent. For my part, 1 agree with the
Senator from Rhode Island: we shall get very
much more money under this than we would get
under the House bill. Upon that argument I
stand, upon that belief I stand; and 1 am willing
to take all the risk with regard to an embargo upon
some particular tiling which may be will follow,
though 1 believe not to a very great extent; and
certainly I am willing to take all the risk of the
righteous indignation of people abroad who think
they do not make quite so much money out of us
as they ought.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
and myself are perfectly agreed in our main ob-
ject. Here there is no difference between us. Each
desires to secure for the country the largest rev-
enue. For myself, I know no bounds to this de-
sire. The simple question is, how will this be
best accomplished? The Senator puts forward
the proposition to add 10 per cent, to all eating
duties, and he does this while we are still igno-
rant of the actual working of the tariff established
in March. To our inexperience with regard to
that tariff he would add the further inexperience
with regard to the effect of this proposed increase.
Now, this may be good policy; but it docs not
seem so to me. The commerce of the country
cannot bear such constant changes, especially in
the direction proposed. The revenue will not gain
by it.
For good or for evil, the tariff, familiarly known
as the Morrill tariff, has been adopted. The com-
merce of the country has taken note of its requisi-
tions, and is now ready to govern itself accord-
ingly. And it seems to me that the House of
Representatives has acted wisely, in seeking to
increase the revenue by duties on selected articles,
which it was thought could bear the tax, rather
than by a wholesale change, which must cause
the whole system to be remodeled. In this re-
spect the House bill has an advantage over that
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] and maintained so zealously by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
But the Senator from Maine says he is unwill-
ing to hearken to any suggestions from foreign
nations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. I said no
such thing as that. 1 am perfectly willing to
hearken to all suggestions, if they are respectfully
made, and do not assume a right to dictate to us.
Mr. SUMN12II. Pray, who has dictated to
us, or who has assumed any such right? And as
to suggestions, which the Senator says he wel-
comes, 1 am not aware that any foreign nation, or
any person representing any foreign nation, has
made any suggestion that could come within the
criticism, swilt as it is, of the Senator. Nor, in-
deed, am 1 aware of any suggestions, in any form,
to this body. Surely the Senator is mistaken. He
must in his imagination exaggerate something
that he has heard; or, perhaps, lie misinterprets
something that fell from myself.
Let me not be misunderstood. I have s^id that
this 10 per cent, proposition, if adopted, will
give your tariff a bad name among those who arc
disposed to criticise it, and especially with for-
eign countries. Was I not right in saying this?
Is it not true > Willingly I take the censure of
the Senator, while 1 strive at this moment to se-
cure for my country sympathy from every quar-
ter—even from foreign nations; nor shall 1 he
disturbed by any of the suggestions which fell
from the Senator. I have been accustomed to
criticism in this body; and I beg to say, that I
shrink from no responsibility which belongs to
my position. If duty requires that foreign na-
tions should be encountered by a policy har-
assing to their industry, I shall take my full
share of this grave responsibility; but until I see
the path of duty in that direction, I hone that I
may be pardoned if I prefer a policy, doubly com-
mended, as most beneficial to us, and least hurt-
ful to them.
I am unwilling that my country at this mo-
ment should puisue a shadow, and at the end of
the pursuit find that it has gained nothing J>ut ill
will. Strong as wo are, we cannot afford to add to
the odium created by our late tariff. Better to hus-
band our resources—amongwhich I place tliesvm-
pathies of the civilized world, and of those labor-
ing classes whose industry will suller by your act,
without, I fear, any corresponding benefit to us.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 merely wish to make one
or two remarks on this particular subject. The
Senator from Massachusetts has just voted in favor
of taxing what we call the necessaries of life, and
which have really become so, more than any one
of these luxuries can he taxed by the provisions
of this second section. lie has voted to put a
greater percentage upon every article known as
the necessaries of life, than can be puton the lux-
uries by this section; he says he is perfectly will-
ing to follow the lead of the House of Represent-
atives; and yet the duty oil sugar and coffee in
this proposition is 25 per cent, lower than that
fixed by the House. He is willing to go further
in taxing the necessaries of life; but when you
come to wines, brandies, silks, and satins, "Oh,
foreign nations will complain; it will not do at
all;" and then he told a story about it. When
lie told that story, it reminded me of one told
by my father, more than fifty years ago. He
came home from the town council, and told my
mother they had been assessing a road tax. The
way they did it in those times in Rhode Island,
was to measure off the road and then apportion it
off into the road districts, and they put it down,
two days' work or so many days' work with one
yoke of oxen or two yoke of oxen, according to
a man's ability or convenience. Everybody knew
his neighbor. In parceling out one of fliese dis-
tricts they did not make the days'work come out
quite right; so one member of the council said:
" Put three or four days on Joe Sanford, he is a
capital fellow to work." [Laughter.] So it is
with the Senator.from Massachusetts. He wants
to let these silks and satins off, and impose heavy
duties on tea and coffee. The poor use them.
They are as good men to pay as ever were, but
ho wants to put it all on them.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to agree to any
change of this section whatever. I believe it will
ad3 $25,000,000 to the revenue of this Government
in a year, and I think if I had time I could dem-
onstrate it. As I have stated, I have gone over
a period of forty years, looked at every tariff
during that time, and the results of it, and ci-
phered it all out, and I have given you the result.
The average of thoso tariffs for forty years was*
over 30 per cent, on the whole importation, free
and all. The Senator says this is an experiment.
It is an experiment we have been trying for the ,
last seventy-two years—since we have had a his-
tory. I did not go back more than forty years
in my examination. I thought they wouldsatisfy
almost anybody. I shall say no more on the
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the Question on the proposed amend ment
to the sccoiur section ?
Mr. SUMNEll. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messi.s. Bingham, Johnson of Missouri, Polk,
l'owi'll, Sanlsbiuy, Sumner, and Thomson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, frowning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamcr, Cowan, Doolittlo, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Italian, liariis, Kins:, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Lalham, MeDoug.ill, Moriill, Bice, Sherman,
Simmons, Ten Eyck, Tnimbnll, Wade, Wilkinson, Wii-
lry, Wilniot, and Wilson—;!!).
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I desire to
ofl'er an amendment to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'second
section of the bill is now under consideration,
and the question is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to add a section to the
bill itself, if I am in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us go through the
amendments made m committee first.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It' the Senator will allow
me, I desire to offer an amendmentto the proviso
of this section. Mr. President, I have heard a
great deal said about the tai iff of last winter havi ng
been prohibitory because its duties were so high.
The honorable Senator from R,hode Island has
assured us, over and over again, that the average
of the duties was about 30 per cent.; and I have
relied upon his statements; but there are some
persons, both in this country and abroad, who
persistently say that some of the duties levied by
the tariff of last winter were 100 and 150 per cent.,
and all that; making it absolutely prohibitory.
Now, this I do not believe; certainly not to the
extent to which it is alleged; but that there may
possibly be some provisions in tliat bill which
carry duties so high as to make them prohibitory
on certain articles maybe true; and by being pro-
hibitory, they may cut off our revenue on those
articles altogether. Therefore I move to change
the words which are in the proviso, in the twelfth
line. The proviso, as it now reads, is as follows:
"That in alt ease* where the cvistmy specific or other
duties, or both combined, on dny article, together with th«
addition of 10 per centum ad valorem, «hall amount to a duty
of more than 50 per centum on the value thereof, the 10 per
centum heroin imposed shall not be added."
Now, I propose to insert the words " the excess
