S18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
shall not be collected." Then it would provide
that no more than 50per cent, should be collected
tipon any article imported into the United States,
with the exception following:
Except upon the articles of brandy and spirits distilled
from grain or other materials, or other spirituous liquois.
And to that exception, I have added:
And upon aiticles neither the growth or manufacture of
the United States.
I hope my honorable friend from Rhode Island
•will accept this amendment. I think it will be
the means of increasing the revenue upon many
articles on which, if there is any truth in the al-
legations that we hear, the duty is made prohib-
itory.
Now, sir, this whole question of a tariff is a
question of maximum and minimum, as we were
taught in the schools. If upon a given article,
you levy a duty of 10 per cent.,-that is not suffi-
cient duty to prevent the foreign producer from
coming into your market and going into competi-
tion with the home producer; and you get a rev-
enue. Put on 20 per cent, and the foreign pro-
ducer can still come into our market and compete
with the home producer. Put on 30 per cent, tyid
he may still come here and compote with the
home producer, giving the home producer 30 per
cent, advantage; but put on 50 per cent., or 60
per cent., or 75 per cent., and the foreign pro-
ducer is banished from your market, and you
have no revenue at all. Now, then, I say, Mr.
President, as a matter of security, as revenue is
what we ask for, let us, by our tariff bill, shut
the mouths of these men all over this country,
and all over England, who declare that our bill is
prohibitory. Let us say, that when the duties
altogether upon any article which is the growth
or manufacture of the United {States, exceeds 50
per cent., no further duty shall be collected. We
can silence this clamor; we can increase our rev-
enue; and we can afford all the protection cer-
tainly that the home manufacture^- should ask,
when he has 50 per cent, the advantage of the
foreign manufacturer. 1 hope my honorable friend
will agree that this amendment, which is just a
slight variation of the proviso, may be accepted;
and then, I think, we shall increase the revenue
and improve the bill, both of last winter and the
present proviso.
Mr. SIMMONS. It would give me {rreatpleas-
ure to accommodate my friend from Wisconsin;
and if I thought he had looked at this subject as
much as he might have done, as ithas been before
Congress for the last two or three years, I would
not make any reply. The very object of a spe-
cific duty that we have been laboring here for
years to try to get,is to prevent these fraudulent
undervaluations of merchants. Your goods wiil
come in valued at half price. This proposition
would open up the whole frauds practiced for the
lust twenty years, which were intended to be put
a stop to by the bill of last year. I would as soon
allow these foreign importers to put the duties on
as to make the invoices. Lot them have control
of the invoices and they will control the Treasury.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the hononibie Senator
from Rhode Island will allow me, the proviso
here which is proposed by the committee is, that
whenever this IU per cent, is applied, if the 10 per
cent., with the oilier duties, exceed 50 per cent,
on the value theieof, it shall notbe added. Does
that mean in this market?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. This whole
question, then, of fraudulent valuation, comes in
at once, it is just as broad as it is long.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, Mr. President, if the
Senator has got through, I should like to show to
him why it is not so. lie proposes a plan that
repeals all the specific duties in the old bill. It
practically takes the whole of them out. lie docs
not think so, and did not intend it. If, for instance,
ten cases of silk, or any other article, should be
sent here, and we should put a duty of 10 cents
per yard on it, in order to prevent fraud and un-
dervaluation, and then in this new bill you should
say that, if they can mak/) the duty out over 50
per cent., it is not to be added, they have nothing
to do but to value it one half, and then put it down
25 per ceyt. if you choose, no matter what the spe-
cific duty is. You are, in fact, repealing your
old tariff. 1 would rather have the section as it
is without this proposed modification. That would
do more-injury than this 10 per cent, would do
good. I have introduced the provision in order
to prevent this clamor, that if the old bill imposes
a duty of 40 per cent, without this addition of 10
per cent., there shall be no more put on; and that
is gu^rd enough, I am not going to consent to
any repeal of what we have done for the last two
years to prevent frauds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island to state that
there is a provision in the bill that if the whole
duty levied on any article shall exceed 40 per
cent, it shall not be collected ?
Mr. SIMMONS. This 10 per cent, shall not
be added.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the very provis-
ion I was seeking to amend. The amendment is'
not to make it of necessity 50 per cent., but if the
whole tax imposed upon any article exceeds 50
•per cent., that the excess shall not be collected.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will read
it, he will find that the provision is now that the
10 per cent, he talks of is not to be added if it
would make over 50 per cent, altogether. That
leaves it forty now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If, in these particular ar-
ticles upon which the 10 per cent, is added, it
would make the whole duty over 50 per cent., it
is not to be added; but, as we are told, and ithas
been alleged a thousand times over, there are, un-
der the existing tariff law, various articles on
which the duty is now over 50 per cent.; my pur-
pose is not only to reach the case under the present
bill, but under the bill of last winter, not to revise
the bill entirely,or to reviseitinanyotherrespect
than to provide that the excess of duty over 50
per cent, shall not be collected, m order that the
tariff bill, not only of last winter, but the pres-
ent tariff bills shall not be prohibitory in its
character, and therefore destructive of our rev-
enue.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the second section.
The section was concurred in.
The third and fourth sections were concurred in.
The fifth section was read, as follows:
Rno. f>. And he it further enacted, That all goods re-
maining in public store or warehouse at the tune this act
takes etleet may be witluhawn theiefrom and entered for
consumption upon pajment of the duties leg.ill} imposed
theieon at the tunc they were deposited ; and all goods de-
posited in .public store oi bonded waiehouso after tins act
takes etleet and poes into opeiahon, if designed lor con-
Mimplion m the United States, must be witluhawn thore-
liom, or the duties tlieicon paid in three months after the
same aio deposited, and «?oods deigned foi exportation
and consumption in foiei«n countues may he withdrawn
by tin; owm-r at any tune brtore the expiiation of five
yeat s aftri the same aie deposited, such yoods, if not with-
diawn in live ycai-!, to be legauh'd a* abandoned to the
Govt rnuH'nt, and sold undei such [('^illation.-, as the Seo-
refaiy of tin* Tiea-ury may pieseribe, and the pioeeeds
paid mtothc TreaMuy : Provided, T hat merchandise upon
wltieli the owiH'i may iiave neuleeicd to pjy dunes within
1111o<' month-- fiom the time ot in deport may bo with
di.uvn and entei ed for consumption at anj time within two
years of the time of its deposit, upon the payment of the
legal duties, with an addition ot 23 per centum theieto:
Protidcd, oho, That ineiehnndise upon which duties have
boon paid, if expoitcd to a ioieign country, shall bo en-
titled to retmn duties, piop"r evidence ot such metchan-
di^o bavins been landed atnoad to be furnished to the eol-
leetoi by the impoiter, 1 pei eentum of said duties to be
letained by the Government: And }>rovidcd further, That
eoflecimpoited fiom beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which
shall be actually on shiphoaid and bound for the United
States betore the ist day of September next shall be exempt
fiom the duties imposed by this act.
Mr. SUMNER. I would call the attention of
the Senate to this section which relates to the ware-
house system. The Senator from Rhode Island
will remember that at the lastsession, on the yeas
and nays, after a discussion, the Senate deliber-
ately determined to preserve the warehouse sys-
tem. Now, I understand this fifth section inter-
feres with that determination. Am I not right?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator, what reason there is now for
interfering with the warehouse system, which did
not exist last March ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose it would be diffi-
cult for me to give the Senator a reason why I
would make any difference, because I was the
other way then, and I have not altered my mind
since. I supposed, however, that the Senate was
a little differently constituted now than it was
then. Any man who will look at our financial con-
dition last year will see that we hired §10,000,000
at 1 per cent, a month, and wc are paying that
rate of interest now, in orderto let merchants keep
goods in warehouse without paying duties or
paying interest either. It is about time that thing
was stopped. I think the Senate were confounded
last spring. There was a great deal said about
loading ships and making up assorted cargoes,
and that was the great reason assigned for keep-
ing up the warehouse system. We concluded to
give them two years longerforanythmg they are
going to ship. They may have five years instead
of three to make up assorted cargoes; but the
goods that are intended for consumption must pay
duties in three months. They may let the goods
lie as long as they please, and if they ship them
in three years, they can have the duties back
again, except 1 per cent. If they leave them in
warehouse two years,and then want to take them
out, they must pay 25 per cent., 1 per cent, a month.
That is the provision.
Mr. SUMNER. It seemrf to me that one es-
sential element of good commerce is stability, and
no one knows it better than the honorable Senator
himself. Merchants wish to know what the law
is, and then they govern themselves accordingly.
They make their contracts with reference to the
law; they send out their orders; they receive goods,
all with the understanding that the law is as they
suppose. Now, it seems to me that it cannot be
good policy at this moment to add to the compli-
cations of our commerce by this very great change
which the Senator proposes. I do submit that
the conclusion at which the Senate arrived at the
end of the last session, to preserve the existing
warehouse system, ought to be maintained. 1,
therefore, am against that clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say, in answer
to the suggestion about stability, that so far as I
have observed, if a law suits the merchants, and
puts money into their pockets, they want stabil-
ity; but if they do not like it, they are very anx-
ious for a change.
Mr. KING. I have been disposed to take these
measures as they were agreed upon by the com-
mittees that presented them, on the supposition
that that would be ill accordance with the views
of a majority of the Senate, and that it was not
desirable to have divisions on questions unneces-
sarily. In this case, however, I do not see any
good reason for abolishing the warehouse system,
and I must vote against the section.
Mr. SIMMONS. The object of the committee
was to benefit the condition of the Treasury for
the good of the whole country. I hope the sec-
tion will not be stricken out.
The fifth section was concurred in.
The sixth section was concurred in.
The seventh section was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And he it farther enacted, That this act shall take
effect thirty days alter its pa s.i<re3 and all tiers and parts of
acts repugnant thereto are hereby repealed : Provided, That
the existing laws shall extend to, and be m foice for, the
collection of the duties imposed by this act foi the piose-
cution and punishment of all olFcnses, and ior the recov-
ery, collection, distribution, and remission of ail fine®,
penalties, and forfeituies. as. fully and etfectuallj as if eveiy
legulation, penalty, loifeiture, piovlsion, clause, matter,
and thing to that elfeet m tin; existing laws contained had
been inserted and reenacted by tins. act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The « thirty days" there
was an amendment put in, in committee; the ques-
tion, therefore, is on agreeing to that amendment.
Thirty days was not in the original report of the
bill; it was fifteen days; but in Committee of the
Whole, before the bill came into the Senate, on
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, thirty
days was inserted. It is, therefore, an amend-
ment. On that I want a separate vote, because as
it stands the time is too long. If the Senator
would change it to twenty days, I should have
no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. We will all agree to twenty
days.
Mr. SUMNER. Before I come to that under-
standing, I should like to submit an alternative
proposition. If the Senate shall go back to fifteen
days, I propose to move this proviso, which is
partly borrowed from the House bill:
Proiided, That all goods, wares, and meichandise act-
ually on shipboard, and bound to the United States, within
fifteen days after the passage of this act, shall be subject to
pay such duties as are piovided by law before, and at the
time of, the passage of this act.
