S20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•July 29.
one of the most fiercely-contested party issues, in
years gone by, when he, perhaps, was on one side
and I on the other? What is the use of opening
it here for discussion now ? Why bring up the
old question of depositing the moneys of the Gen-
eral Government with the States ? Who does not
know that that power has been denounced over
and over again as being a power exercised by the
Government of the United States without any
authority under the Constitution, and that the
money was deposited with them simply because
there was a surplus in the Treasury; but it was
deposited with the States, to be called for when
the Government of the United States in its neces-
sities should need that money ? Why put this
provision into the bill? Why not let it alone and
say nothing about it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring it the twelfth section.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 4; no quorum voting.
Mr. SIMMONS. No doubt there is a quorum
ill the Chamber.,
Mr. POLK. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays. That will bring a quorum I ex-
pect ["Oh,po!"] If the Chair is satisfied that
a quorum is present, I shall not ask for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not satisfied that a quorum is present. The Chair
is rather inclined to think that there is not a quo-
rum present.
Mr. WADE and others. Let us have another
division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are the yeas
and nays demanded?
Mr. POLK. No, sir; if a quorum is present,
I do not want to take up the time of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again, another division be-
ing asked.
The question being taken, there wore—ayes
23, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
V P.AS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Tirowning,
Curlile, Craik, Dixon, Fesseniien, Foot, Fodtei, HnU\ Har-
ris, Lane ot' IihIihim, MoiuM, Poimuoy, Powell, Uicc,
Simlstiury, sherman, Knumons, Hintmei, Ten Kyek, Thom-
son, Tiumhull, VVa<h>, Willry, ;m<l Wilson—
N.-WS-Messis. Doolittle, Grimes, liaitan, Jolmson of
Missouri, King, i.anc of Kansas, iWellougall, Folic, and
Wilkinson—!>. /
So the twelfth section was concurred in.
Mr. POLK. One of the sections that I asked
to have reserved was the tenth, with a view of
offering an amendment to it. 1 have just learned
that there was a motion a little while ago to adopt
two or three sections together. Before that,how-
ever, 1 suggested, and I believe the Chair stated,
that the tenth section would be reserved for a sep-
arate vote. I do not think that it was voted on
separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote was
taken upon the ninth, tenth, and eleventh sec-
tions together. The Chair will, however, receive
amotion to amend the tenth section, unless ob-
jection ho made.
Mr. POLK. I wish to submit a motion. I
shall submit it merely, and ask for the yeas and
nays. I propose to strike out of the tenth sec-
tion that portion of it which provides for impris-
onment as a means of collecting the tax. In most
of the States they have abolished imprisonment
for debt. I simply move the amendment, and
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section was drawn
for the purpose of meeting a ease which may
sometimes occur, where a man is known to have
avery considerable income, and has nevertheless
jioproperty that is subject to seizure. He may have
his pocket full of Treasury notes, or bank notes,
or notes of hand, or something of that sort, that
cannot be taken. He may be a very rich man,
and have no property that can be seized or sold.
There are many such eases. Suppose he should
say, "take my property wherever you find it:"
what remedy have you unless you arrestand hold
him? The whole course of proceeding in regard
to it is left to the States; that is to say, the
State proceeding is adopted, and perhaps it would
be very difficult to accomplish anything where
the States themselves had abolished imprison-
ment for debt, if we did not make this provision.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the Senator,
suppose the assessor, or whoever is authorized
to collect this tax, wrongly assesses, improperly
assesses a man: where is the method of appealing
from that decision ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no remedy for
that.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that it is a
very extraordinary power to confer upon any-
body, to allow him to assess a man at his option
as to his income.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I*t is a power that exists
in my State now. There is no appeal from the
decision of the assessors. They assess a man;
he has a right to bring in his list, make his state-
ment under oath of what his income is for the
preceding year. If he does not do that, the assess-
ors form their own judgment, and assess him
accordingly.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a power that does not
exist in my State; for there is an appeal from the
decision of the assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have understood that
there was nobody there that had anything.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. There is nobody there who
has any income; but our people have real estate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why need it trouble the
Senator, then?
Mr. GRIMES. I am looking out for the in-
terests of other people, as well as of my own
constituents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Missouri as asking
for the yeas and nays on his amendment to the
tenth section.
Mr. POLK. I do not care about the yeas and
nays.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes seventeen.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr, HALE. I do not rise to make a speech,
but I want the Senate to understand—theie is no
great probability that they will—that if this clause
is stricken out you might just as well strike out
all after the enacting clause of your bill. Every-
body thatownsstock,everybody that has money,
everybody that has property of any kind, that is
not real estate and visible, will be disposed to con-
ceal it from taxation. They always have done so,
and they always will, unless the millennium comes
when the human heart is regenerated; and when
that comes these stockholders will be the last ones
that will be converted. If you strike this out, you
let the richest men in the country, who have stocks
and large incomes, stare you in the face when you
ask them for their taxes, and you will get them
oil' poor men who cannot help themselves. I hope,
if this amendment is made, all of the bill will be
stricken out after the enacting clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assure the Senator
that he can make provisions in this bill that will
enable him to collect this tax without the least
difficulty. You can provide for examining every
person in regard to his assets; you can compel
him to disclose whether he has stocks or not, and
if he has stocks they can be sold. I will not vote
to imprison a man, deprive linn of his liberty, for
refusing to pay taxes, or any money of any kind.
You will have enough clamor about these bills;
and a provision of this kind, which authorizes,
in certain cases, imprisonment for debt, will be
the cause of more clamor than anything else con-
tained in the bills. I wish to avoid that us much
as possible; and besides, I do not think it is at all
necessary, in order to collect this tax, that we
should have power to imprison any one. I am
afraid the power will be abused. If a man has
real property it can be seized; if he has stocks
they can be sold. If you cannot find out whether
he has stocks or not, you are not likely to get
the tax at any rate. So I think there is no prac-
tical difficulty in leaving this seetion without this
power of imprisonment.
Mi. McDOUGALL. I am as much opposed
as any Senator to any law to secure the payment
of debts by imprisonment; but I do not regard
this as any such measure. In the first place, this
is a war measure, and is justified upon that ground.
Next, it is a measure to enforce a duty which
citizens owe to the Government—not a mere con-
tract liability, but a duty they owe to the Govern-
ment; and 1 am well aware that without some
measure of this kind this tax cannot be fairly
enforced. - Upright, honest men will give a tiue
account of their liability, and pay it over into the
Treasury; but others will avoid it; and it will
require a severe law to compel many to comply
with the enactment. I am for the bill as it is, as
a measure to enforce an obligation due to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All this difficulty arises
from the sort of sensitiveness that Senators have,
and which has been growing up in the States, and
for which there is a great deal of foundation, in
regard to poor debtors who cannot pay; and in
that I agree with them. All the States have mod-
ified their laws in regard to imprisoning poor
debtors; some have abolished it altogether; but
I have seen with reference to taxes in our country,
and I presume it is the same everywhere, that
many men who are rich (and the richer they are
the more apt they are to do it, carrying out the
principle and practice by which they made their
money) resort to every possible evasion to get rid
of the payment of taxes. There have been cases
within my knowledge where men, known to be
rich, have, for the purpose of avoiding the pay-
ment of taxes, so arranged their property as to
have no real estate, no bank stock, but have it all
in notes of hand and Treasury notes and bonds,
private obligations, and such thingsasthat, which
they put into their pockets, and which cannot be
reached in any way; which are not subject to
seizure and sale; which nobody knows anything
about. These men are perfectly well known.
This bill, in the first placo, gives to such per-
sons an opportunity to come forward and state
under oath what their income is. If they do so,
very well; that is taken; there is no way of con-
tradicting it. If they do not choose to do that,
then the assessor has a right to say how much
their income is. That provision must exist every-
where, in the nature of things, with reference to
the collection of taxes. It is the system in my
own State, and has been found to operate well. It
gives an individual a chance to exhibit what he is
worth; and if he does not choose to exhiuit it, the
assessor must form the best judgment he can.
Suppose that process is gone through with, and
the man says " I will not tell what I am worth,"
and the assessor guesses at it, and attempts to
take his property: " well," says he, " take it if
you can find it." The assessor cannot find any,
and the man walks off whistling and pays noth-
ing. There are a great many men of that descrip-
tion in the country everywhere. This provision
is simply that in that case the man shall bo ar-
rested and imprisoned. He has the benefit of all
the laws of the State, whatever they may be, to
be discharged from custody, (which exist in all
cases,) by coming forward 'and making a disclo-
sure in some States; and more than all that, we
have addedanotlierprovision that he may lie dis-
charged at any time by the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Whenever he convinces the
Secretary of the Treasury that he has been over-
estimated, treated unjustly, or anything of that
kind, we give the Secretary power to release him.
What better provision can we make, and what is
the hardship? I see none of any kind or descrip-
tion. I believe it to be absolutely necessary.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I would never vote, in this
age of the world, to imprison a man for debt. In
New Jersey, we have abolished imprisonment for
debt; but we still have a State law which makes
a man liable to imprisonment who will not pay
for thesuppoitof the Government. Wo never
imprison a poor man who does not pay his taxes;
we have a way of lotting him go; but if a man,
rolling in wealth and bloated with stocks, at this
period of time, refuses to pay taxation for the
support of this Government, and to save the na-
tion from the consequences of this rebellion, ho
ought to go to prison; and ho will be better in
prison than out of it.
Mr. GRIMES. The trouble with this bill is,
that there is no method specified in which a mail
can render an inventory or state the amount of
his assessment. It is not like the law in New
Jersey, or in Maine, at all. There there is an
assessment. Inftjmne,! suppose they have three
selectmen in every township, who go around and
assess the property in that township on three dif-
ferent days in a certain month; and they call on
every inhabitant of the township to state liow
much money he has out at interest; and then, if
