322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objec-
tion be made, that being the question before the
Senate,if any members are present now who were
absentees then, their names will be called.
The Secretary called the names of those who
had not voted on Mr. Powell's amendment; and
Mr. Hale voted in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is rejected—the yeas being 15, and the nays
Mr. POWELL. Did I understand the Chair
to state that if there was objection, that gentle-
man could not be permitted now to vote ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
made no such statement. The vote stood not
declared, and the absentees were called. They
have voted, and a quorum appears; and the Chan-
declares the vote to be—yeas 15, nays 20; so that
the proposed amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I supposed the vote we were
taking now was on the adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote in
regard to the adjournment was declared, and the
motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. Then wasno quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not take a quo-
rum to decide that question.
Mi-. POWELL. Could we then proceed to
otherbusiness, when there was no quorum voting?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
previously before the Senate would still continue
after the motion to adjourn had been negatived.
Mr. POWELL. I merely inquired for inform-
ation. I am not familiar with the rules.
The amendments were ordered to bo engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. On the passage of the bill I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; there is not a quo-
rum here.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware there is not a
quorum.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only two
Senators sustaining the call.
Mr. POWELL. I submit to the Chair that
we cannot proceed with business when itiw appar-
ent to the Ptvsidentof the Senate that there is no
quorum here.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not appar-
ent to the Chair, it is easy, when the question
in taken on the passage of the bill, to determine
that fact; or the Chair will count tin1 Senate at
the request of any Senator, and ascertain by a
count.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
bo willing to withdraw his call for the yeas and
nays, it is manifest what the vote must be.
Mr. POWELL. I wish especially to record
my vote against this bill. I do not wish to delay
legislation at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he is
opposed to it. That goes into the report.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask what is the question
precisely ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. SUMNER. Has the question boon taken
between the Senate hill and the House bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; and the amendment
adopted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to suggest that 1 should be personally grat-
ified if there could be an adjournment, for this
reason: after the objection raised by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota—which, to my mind, is a
very sonous one, and which objection has not
been answered—I should prefer further time to
think upon the question, whether it is within the
constitutional competency of this body to pass
this bill. The clause of the Constitution referred
to by the Senator from Minnesota, in regard to
the power of Congress to lay and collect direct
taxes, is, according to my present honest impres-
sion, fatal to the constitutional competency of this
body to pass this bill. It is an honest opinion; I
may be mistaken. Unless some Senator can show
that this is not a bill levying direct taxes, which,
according to the provision cited by the Senator
from Minnesota, must be according to the popu-
lation of the respective States, I cannot feci free,
even if it were clear from other objections, to
vote for the bill.
Mr.POWELL. I would say to the Senate that I
it is not my purpose? in asking for the yeas and
nays on this question, to occasion any delay what-
ever. I believe the Senators will all bear me wit-
ness that I am usually here in my place. This
bill is one of very grave importance, and I do not
•think we ought to be hurried into its passage
when it is apparent that there is not a quorum of
the Senate here. If Senators choose to absent
themselves from the Chamber, it is not the fault of
those of us who stay. I do not think legislation
of this descriptiony of s-uch grave importance as
this, should be hurried through without a quorum
being present.
Mr. COLLAMER. It cannot be.
Mr. POWELL. It might be done if there were
no yeas and nays.
Mr. COLLAMER. There can be a count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
decidedly of opinion that a quorum of the Senate
is in the Chamber, by a count made immediately
preceding the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. POWELL. Then I as£ for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nayn were ordered^and taken.
Mr. RICE. I vote "nay" solely upon my
convections as to my duty under the Constitution.
The call of the roll was concluded.
Mr. DIXON. I wish the absentees to be called.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the absentees
be called.
The Secretary called the names of the absen-
tees, as follows:
Messrs. Baker, Bayaid, Bieekinnd^c, Bright, Cowan,
Howe, Johnson of Toimossee, Johnson of Mi^souii, Ken-
nedy, Latham, Nesm.itliyJPoaieu, Polk, Sherman, Thomson,
and Wiimot.
Mr. WADE. It is evident that we have 110
quorum here. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that another Sen-
ator is now in the Chamber. 1 do not know how
many it required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc can get a vote if
we wait a few minutes.
The question being on Mv. Wade's motion,
the Senate refused to adjourn; there being, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 20.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think there is a quorum
piesent in the Chamber now, if the Clerk will
call those who have not voted.
The Secretary called the names of the absen-
tees, and Mr. Breckinridge voted m the nega-
tive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is still one member wanting
to makf a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I am of opinion that,
after these repeated efforts, it is entirely useless
for us to attempt to get a quorum and pass this bill
to-night; but before making the motion which I
mean to make, I have a word to say; and that is,
that I have no sort of complaint to make of gen-
tlemen in the Opposition. They have given us a
latye proportion of their votes,and ordinarily at-
tended as long as we could expect them to attend,
to aid us to get through with the business; and it
has been so from the beginning of this session.
The fault lies on this side of the Chamber, with
gentlemen who cannot and will not,although we
are attempting to get through with the business
of the session, stay here to have business done,
but choose to go off to their dinners or elsewhere
and leave us in this difficulty. The record will
show who they are. I wish to say publicly that
they must answer to their constituents, as of course
they ai*c able to do, for the delay; because the
delay is owing to them. I move now that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I hope theSenator will not
insist on that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I call for the yeas and
lMr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will thr Senator
fi om Maine witluh aw the motion for a single mo-
ment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRECKlNPaDGF. I simply desire to
utter one sentence. I have listened to the remarks
of the Senator from Maine with a great deal of
pleasure; and they are additional proof to my |
mind that he is coming to understand who are the j
real friends of the country. I am glad, sir, that
he is beginning to rebuke those who have not |
attended to its true interests; and to compliment^
as he ought to do, those who really endeavor to
promote its interests.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply. If 1
was to judge who were the friends of the country,
it would not be by the action of some gentlemen in
this body on mere motions to adjourn and stay-
ing here to do business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Idesireto say,after what
has fallen from the honorable Senatoyfrom Maine,
that my colleague, Mr. PI owe, has been detained
from the Senate by indisposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have felt it my duty to
say this, I have withdrawn the motion,and my
friend from New Jersey is now at liberty to say
what he pleases.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not wish to say any-
thing, but I wanted it to be seen who arc the men
in the way of the passage of this bill. I call for
the yeas and nays, and I hope they will be given
to me. It is the second time I ever asked for
th e m.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On what question ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. On the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdrew the motion
to adjourn for the explanation; and if the Sena-
tor has any hope in reference to the matter 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no doubt we will
pass this bill. I think wc ought to pass the bill;
and if we do not pass it? I want it to appear to
the country who are the gentlemen that are not
here to pass the bill. The men who are most
interested in a measure of this kind on our side
are absent. I looked around for great States that
have stood here for ten years clamoring for bills
of this description, and they are not here. I want
it to be known.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope we shall vote
down the motion to adjourn, send for the absen-
tees, and attend to the public business. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am very glad to hear the
Senator from Kentucky speak in thi&way, as he
has just come in and is perfectly fresh. 1 have
not had the pleasure of seeing his genial face for
the last five hours. I am very happy now to
find him in his seat. That, I suppose, is the
reason why he is opposed to an adjournment.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I second the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the Sergcant-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
members.
Mr. CARLILE. I think that motion coming
from the Senator from New Hampshire may well
be made by him, he having had the opportunity
to get his dinner, I presume. There are those uf
us here who have not dined. It is now nearly
half past five o'clock. We have been hero for
more than an hour trying to get a quorum. It
is apparent that wc cannot be kept here; and I
presume there is no motion in order now, when
it is manifest there is not a quorum present, but
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. You are mistaken about that.
Mr. CARLILE. I am not sure that! am right,
sir. I raise the question of order, and the Chair
will decide it. If I am right, I submit a motion
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have only a word to say.
Now, once for all. as I have done several times
before, I enter my protest against an attempt to
invite gentlemen to come in here. It has been
held that we have no power to compel their at-
tendance. It is a matter entirely in their own dis-
cretion. The idea of twenty-four or twenty-five
of us sending out messengers to invite gentlemen
m, leaving it optional with them whether they
will come in or not, is a thing that I cannot
agiee to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moved that the Senate adjourn. Is
thnt motion withdrawn?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
Virginia raised a point of order. The point of
order he made was, that in the absence of a quo-
rum no motion was in order, except to adjourn.
