324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
ing, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin P. Thomas, Train, Upton,
"Van Horn, Vafl Wyek, Washburne, Wheeler; Albert S.
White, end Worcester-—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Aidneh, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Joseph Baily, Beam an, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Bufimton,
Burnett, Calvert, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkhng, Conway, Covode, Cox, Cravens, Orisfield, Crit-
tt-nden, Curtis, Bunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eng-
lish, Fouke, GrLder, Haight, Hale, lla.ichett, Harding,
Iioiman, Johnson, Francis W. Kellogg, Law, Lehman,
Logan, Mallory, Menzios, Morris, Noble, Nugen, Pike,
I'ojter, Ueid, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Itol-
Hns, Shanks, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Tiow-
bridge,ValiandigUam, Vandevcr, Vibbard, Voorhce-s, Wads-
worth, Wall, Charles W. Walton, Webster, Wickliflfe,
Wihdom,Wood,WoodrufF, and Wright—67,
So the main question was not ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Patton
was absent on account of sickness; and also that
Mr..Jackson was paired off with Mr. Ashley.
Mr. COLFAX. The previous question having
been seconded, but the main question not having
been ordered, I ask what is the condition of the
bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the House
in the same condition that it was before the pre-
vious question was moved.
Mr. COLFAX. I then move the following:
Resolved, That House bill 71 be leeonimitted to the
Committee ot Ways and Means, with msn notions to amend
u& follows : 1. To provide for the return to tho Treasury
of the United Status of the surplus revenue distubuted
amongst the Slates. 2. To modify the preseftt tariff on the
following principles, as near as piactic.ible : the imposition
of dutits on the free list, and the increase of duties on such
other schedules as will tend to increase the revenue ; (he
reduction ot such duties as are piohibitory, to a point .it
which revenue will be derivable from them. 3. The leten-
tion of the internal duties provided lor in tiie bill 71, add-
ing theieto stocks.
I shall not call the previous question on this
resolution, because I tluukit should be our duty,
in this emergency of the country, to endeavor, us
far as possible, to ascertain fairly and clearly what
is the wish of the Representatives of the people;
and therefore I voted against ordering the main
question to be put, upon the vote just taken. I
differ, as 1 stated yesterday, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, with great diffidence in my
own judgment; but ( had a decided conviction
upon the subject, and I did not hesitate to ex-
press it by my vote. The bill which the com-
mittee have reported back, proposes to raise
$20,000,000 by direct taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of ord'er,
though I do not know that I urn right. It is, that
after this bill has been once recommitted, to the
committee with instructions to report in a certain
way, and that report lias been made in obedience
to the command of the House, the bill cannot be
amended afterwards.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill may be recommitted
under an express rule of the House.
Mr. COLFAX. It was fov the reason I have
mentioned that I appealed to my friend not to
press the previous question, hut to allow this prop-
osition to come in, in order that the well consid-
ered judgment of the House might be ascertained.
I will proceed with a few remarks, to explain
the propositions 1 have submitted to the House.
The bill of the Committee of Ways and Means
provides for the raising of $20,000,001) by direct
taxes, apportioned among the various States.
Two thirds of that amount will be paid by the
loyal States; the other thhd we must look to fu-
turity for. Wo will probably reccive, out of that
$20,000,000, §19,000,000. Now, sir, there was
distributed among the^evcral States over twenty-
three million dollars of surplus revenue, with the
express provision in the bill of distribution that
it should be returned whenever the Government
should demand it. Two thirds of that amount
having been disjributed among the loyal States,
we shall receive over sixteen million dollars—
$4,000,000 more than will be received in the shape
of direct taxes under the bill proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means. And I contend,
too, that this will be the least exceptionable way
of raising that amount of money; for in no con-
tingency will the arm of the Federal tax-gatherer
collect this amount. And if gentlemen shall say
that many of these States have invested this money
for educational purposes, or for internal improve-
ments, I answer, that noanti-warman in the land
could object to this restoration in the present de-
pressed condition of our Treasury. We have also
the advantage that the Governments only demand-
ing what it has a right to demand of the States,
and the States can provide for themselves how the
amount should be raised and paid—whether it
shall be laid as the tax upon land, or by a loan,
or by a tax upon both real and personal estate,
or in any way they see fit.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I understand the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana, he does not pro-
pose to strike out of the bill the provisions in
reference to direct taxes at all.
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly, my proposition is
to strike that out.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution does not
say so.
Mr. COLFAX. I propose, in my motion, to
substitute, for the provisions of the bill levying
direct taxes, a bill framed upon a different basis;
and, instead of the first thirty-nine sections of the
bill, one single section providing for a return of
the surplus revenue,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish the gentle-
man would inform the House what proportion of
the taxes under his proposition Wisconsin, Iowa,
Florida, Minnesota, and the other new States
would pay, and whether he proposes to make any
provision by which they shall bear their part of
the burdens of the country?
Mr. COLFAX. I anticipated that that objec-
tion would be made, though I did not suppose it
would come from my colleague.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I suggested it be-
cause it looked like justice to all. Fiat just'Uia.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; fiat jnstitia ruat cce-
lum; and that is the only Latin I ever knew, hav-
ing heard it so often in stump speeches. " Let
justice be done, though the heavens fall." This
surplus revenue, distributed by the General Gov-
ernment from an affluent Treasury among the
several States, was a gift to those States, with the
express understanding and reservation in the bill,
that whenever the General Government needed
and desired it, it should be returned. The law
of June 23, 1836, distributing this surplus reve-
nue, declares that the States receiving it " shall
pledge their faith to pay the said moneys, and
every part thereof, from time to time, whenever
the same shall be required by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the purpose of defraying the wants
of the public Tieasuiy.'5
My second proposition looks to a modification
of the present tariff. 1 know that I tread upon
delicate ground when I speak in relation to that
subject. I voted for the present tariff, as my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] very well
knows, although a point in it, in which Indiana
was deeply interested, was stricken down by the
action of Congress. Though it was three times
voted m, in the Committee of the Whole, yet it
was finally stricken down by offui ing substitutes,
which omitted it, and we were compelled to take
the bill without having that duty on flax seed as
we desired it, and I voted for that bill. Now,
when we desire to raise a revenue, it is our duty
to see whether we can so modify our present
tariff as to raise the revenue we Sesire without
affecting the industrial interests of the country.
1 propose an imposition of duties upon the free
list; and to increase the duties upon such other
schedules as will fairly increase, without impair-
ing the revenue.
Now, in regard to the free list. After the tariff
of 1846 had brought us more money than was
needed for the expenses of the Government, we
were told that we should modify it; and that most
unwise tariff of 1857 was adopted. I voted against
it; and I rejoice that I did so. It has been per-
nicious in almost every respect. It ran down the
average duties from nineteen to fourteen percent.,
and we were crippled by it. In this tariff of 1857
we largely increased the free list, and at the same
time it was legislation with interest of protection,
it being on many articles used for manufactures,
and therefore it was that South Carolina and Mas-
sachusetts voted side by side for the tariff of 1857.
Now, when we are looking around for a mode of
taxing our people, and ourselves, and our incomes,
our watches and our carriages, and when our
agricultural products are at zero in price, I think
we should go back eff the policy of the tariff of
1857, and reunposc a duty upon "the free list. And
here I desire to say that the language of my res-
olution, in that respect, is " as far as practicable;"
and I wish the Committee of Ways and Means
to understand that I do not propose to impose a
duty upon every article in that list; for instance,
bullion will come in free, as well as a few other
articles which no one contemplates any duty upon.
I refer to those articles which were previously
dutiable, and upon them we should reimpose du-
ties, as well as upon other low-taxed schedules,
which will not impair the revenue.
The other proposition is that we shall increase
the revenue, in that where we find prohibitory
duties which cut off the revenue entirely, we shall
bring them down to a standard which, while it
shall be protective, shall yet allow us to derive
revenue from them.
Now, sir, there are three classes of duties which
may be levied by a tariff. The first are general
revenue duties, which look alone to revenue; the
second, protective duties, with incidental refer-
ence to revenue; and third, duties positively pro-
hibitory, and therefore from which we derive no
revenue at all. I do not allude to any specific ar-
ticles, because I do not wish to speak about the
interests of any of the States. The interests of
the country and the Treasury ought to be dearer
to us than the interests of any State. I voted for
the tariff bill of the gentleman from Vermont,
without any special regard to the interests of my
own State, because I thought it on the whole
best for the whole country at that time, although
the interests of my State were not protected as I
desired. Now, if we find duties which are pro-
hibitory, my policy is not to cut them down rad-
ically, but, as suggested by the Secretary of the
Treasury in his proposed modification of the tariff,
to such a point as will allow importations to come
in, from which we might derive revenue. You
thereby give this amount of protection to your
manufdctuiers: first, the freight; second, the in-
terest on the money embarked in the enterprise
during the time consumed in the importation: and
third, the duty, which would be largo, oven when
reduced as I propose. Now, it does seem to me,
that this is a proposition upon which we might
agree; and I believe it to be the-least objection-
able mode in which we can collect the revenue
which we desire to raise, in this hour of our
necessity.
Mr. HORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana a question.
Mr. HORTON. I yield to my colleague for
that purpose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the
amount to be realized by calling in this surplus
revenue ?
Mr. COLFAX. The surplus revenue was
$30,000,000, to be divided into four installments.
1 speak from memory, and am not positive about
the amount. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. F. A. Coxiclimg] can probably state the
amount.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I will state it, if the
gentleman will permit me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
the gross amount.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from New
York has the exact figures.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want to know it
in round numbers.
Mr. COLFAX. Let the gentleman from New
York state it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, the
whole amount of surplus revenue distributed
among the States in 1837 was $28,101,644 91; be-
ing three installments of the sum of $37,468,459 88,
which was ordered to be distributed by the act
of June 23,1836, entitled u An act regulating the
deposifrof public money." Of this amount, sir,
the sum of $19,116,765 24 was distributed among
States now loyal, and not the sum of $16,000,00(>
as stated by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. I am glad the gentleman has
corrected me. The amount is larger than I sup-
posed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And since 1835,
some ten new States have been admitted into the
Union which never received any part of that
amount.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Eight States.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. How does the
gentleman propose to require them to bear their
j proportion?
Mr. COLFAX I only propose that the gift
given to the States by the Federal Government
will be returned. Of course, we cannot ask
