1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States that have received nothing to return any-
thing.
Mr. HORTON. I wish to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to correct
a misapprehension on the part of the gentleman
from Ohio.
. Mr. HORTON. I yield to the gentleman for
that pureose, but not to make a speech.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to say that
the whole number of States among which the
surplus revenue was distributed in 1837 was
twenty-six*. Eight new States have since been
admitted into the Union, and that, sir, in my
view, constitutes one of the chief arguments in
favor of the proposition. It has been stated by
the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] who is on the Committee of Ways
and Means, that those States are the least able of
all to pay this direct tax. Wow, sir, the States
have had the use of this money for twenty-four
years; and the interest which has accrued upon
it, computing it at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, amounts to more than §40,000,000.
Mr. HORTON. Mr. Speaker, if 1 understand
the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana, he
makes three points in his motion to recommit and
instruct. One is to do away with the direct tax,
and call in instead the surplus revenue that was
distributed among the States in the years 183G
and 1837. Now, in reference to that part of his
proposition, it has been already stated that eight
of the States now loyal have received none of the
surplus revenue, and therefore would be called
upon to pay no part of the present expenses of
the emergency in which we find ourselves. I will
not amplify that point, for I think it is decisive.
But there is another objection. The plan of the
gentleman from Indiana would only answer for
one year; it would only answer a temporary pur-
pose; whereas the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means commences and inaugurates a policy
which may last one, two, three, or four years, as
the counUy may require. If the rebellion now
existing ill the country should continue more than
one year, we should have to do just what the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are now proposing
to do.
Again, Mr. Speaker, suppose that any State
should be unable or unwilling to respond to this
call: we should have to inaugurate a mode of col-
lecting the money; and then where would we be?
We should be without the means of sustaining
the Government, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury would be without the means of paying the
interest on the pu.bhc debt which we create so will-
ingly.
1 say, then, with all defercncc to the gentleman
from Indiana, that his proposition was consid-
ered, and considered as unwise. He makes an-
other point, Mr. Speaker, and that is, that the
Committee of Ways and Means should be in-
structed to bring in a tariff bill levying a tax on
the free list. Mr. Speaker, we came here for a
temporary purpose, and the Committee of Ways
and Means have been laboring very industriously
ever since we have been here, and they long ago
reported such a hill as he proposes to instruct us
to report now. That bill has passed the House,
and it covers everything on the free list that is
available for revenue. That bill has passed the
House by a very large vote, and is now before the
Senate; and therefore thegentleman from Indiana
has been anticipated by the Committee of Ways
and Means and by the House. As to the other
point in the gentleman's proposition, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in considering the
matter, thought that "the Morrill tariff" had not
. been in operation long enough forus to have any
experience under it, and that it was not wise, at
an extra session, for us to undertake to remodel
a tariff which had been created by the labor of
two or three sessions of Congress. This matter
has been thought of and talked of, and I submit
to the gentleman from Indiana if he is not impos-
ing upon the Committee of Ways and Moans an
unreasonable labor, and upon this House what
they cannot perform wisely and well? We cannot
stay here and remodel the tariff in the month of
August, and do it as itought to be done; and with
all the industry and ability which I accord to the
gentleman fiom Indiana; he cannot do his part
of it.
Mi COLFAX If the geiUh-ni'in will allow
me, I will state that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as I understand, has proposed a modification
of the tariff which has been before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, but I understand that
it did not receive their assent. I can state that
some portions of that revision met with my cor-
dial approbation. I will also state to my friend'
that although we are approaching the month of
August, I am willing to stay here a month longer,
if necessary, to devise ways and means for col-
lecting revenue ill the manner that will be least
objectionable to the people. We are paid by the
year, and ought to be willing to stay here and do
our work; but I concede that perhaps I am not
able to do my share of the work so well as my
friend from Ohio.
Mr. HORTON. The gentleman from Indiana
is very happy and very ready in giving my re-
marks a turn which 1 did not intend them to have;
but let that pass. I submit to the House that, if
the bill from the Treasury Department had been
thought by the Committee of Ways and Means
to be well digested, they would have reported it.
But, with all deference to the Treasury Depart-
ment and to the opinion of the gentleman from
Indiana, wo had our doubts about it. We may
have been in error; but still I must be allowed to
retain my own opinion. That the gentleman may
have read that bill I have no doubt. That he may
have comprehended it I have no doubt; but that
he is ready to say, and that the House is ready
to say, that the tariff bill which was sent to the
Committee of Ways andMeans and to the House,
from the Treasury Department, is such a bill as
the country demands, and as we must ultimately
have, ho does not pretend to claim. We have
more than read that bill; and when there is time,
it will be made such a bill as the country demands.
But it cannot be done in a hurry. It cannot be
done under the reasoning and policy indicated by
the gentleman from Indiana. I took pai titular
notice, Mr. Speaker, that that gentleman, leady
and quick as he is, did not respond to that point
of my objection m regard to the free list; and now
I call upon him to say if ho can add any large sum
to the revenue of the country by taxing the free
list as it exists in our bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The reason why I did not do
so is, that I took no notes of all that the gentle-
man said. I can answer it, perhaps not satisfac-
torily to his mind, but to my own. The first
branch of my resolution in regard to the tariffini-
poses duties on the fieo list; and if the gentleman
had examined the debates in the Congressional
Globe, he would find that in the Senate they have
found articles in the free list on which they have
imposed duties as an amendment to our bill, and
have sent the bill back for our concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the Senate havesent
back the bill; but if 1 recollect aright, my friend
from Indiana voted against the bill taxing the
free list.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; the gentleman is mis-
taken. .1 voted for the highest duties proposed.
Mr. HORTON. 1 would ask the gentleman,
in case this bill is recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and in case they bring in a
bill authorizingand requiring States to pay the sur-
plus revenue, what machinery lie has got to com-
pel the States to pay, if they area little remiss or
delinquent ? How will he compel them to refund
the surplus revenue?
Mr. COLFAX. 1 believe that every loyal
State will as readily refund the surplus revenue
which they have received in good faith that they
would return it when demanded by the Govern-
ment, as they will raise the amount by direct tax.
I will answer further, that if we find next winter
that there is any loyal State which has so far lost
its honor as to refuse to pay it, then we can pro-
vide to have it raised b-y direct taxation, and send
the Federal tax gatherers to collect it.
Mr. IIORTON. Afterall-, it is simply putting
it over to the next winter. Instead of doing it
now, it is making a machinery by which we can
do it next winter. The object of the Committee
of Ways and Means is to put the machinery in
motion now, so that the country may know what
they are obliged to come to at last, and may be
prepared to meet it. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
it is not wise for the House to adopt the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. LOVEJOV". The ihiirman of the Com
mittee ofWaysand Meansaays that the bill which
we have before-us is exactly copied from one got
up by Albert Gallatin, an old fogy. I desire to
ask thegentleman whether he has entirely copied
from the bill of Albert Gallatin, to wit: whether
specified duties are imposed on pig iron, castings
of iron, brad iron, rolled or sheet iron, nails,
brads, &e?
Mr. STEVENS. I must humbly suggest that .
if the gentleman from Illinois would attend to his
duty, he would read the bill, instead of asking
me what is in it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not had an opportu-
nity of reading it. It has not been printed, and
the previous question was sprung upon us before
we had a chance to read it. It has only been re-
ported this morning, and a strenuous attempt was
then made to get the previous question on it. If
the Committee of Ways and Means expect to
drive this thing through with a tandem team, I
reckon they will find some obstacles in the way.
Mr. STEVENS. Idonotknow what thegen-
tleman refers to, I have not said a word about the
bill this morning.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply asked the question,
whether this bill was exactly the same as that
drawn up by Albert Gallatin >
Mr. STEVENS. I would say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that we do not expect to drive
the bill through with a tandem team. There are
too many mules here. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mules are very obstinate
when they have long-eared drivers. [Laughter.]
1 want to know whether pig iron, castings of iron,
brad iron, rolled or sheet iron, nails, brads, &c.,
are embraced in the articles on which specific duty
is imposed ?
Mr. HORTON. We have not meddled with
the tariff in any particular,
Mr. LOVEJOY, I do not refer to the tariff; but
a specific or internal duty is put on ceilain articles.
Mr. IIORTON. If any person engaged in
the pig-iron business shall happen.to make any
money, he pays three per cent, on all his net
earnings over $G00. He pays at the same rate if
he makes money in the bar-iron business, in agri-
culture, merchandise, manufacturing, commerce,
or any other business. But We do not propose
specific duty on pig iron, or bar iron, or any other
thing of that description.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I fail to get a direct answer
to my question.
Mr. HORTON. I gave you a direct answer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this conversation is not in order. _ v
/ Mr. ARNOLD. I desire the attention of the \
House for a moment, while I show the injustice
of the apportionment of the tax among the east-
ern and western States. A friend of mine has
furnished acomputation under the original appor-
tionment of §30,000,000, which exhibits this in-
justice in a striking manner, contrasting the val-
uation of real estate in New England and the west-
ern States, and the rate of taxation thereon. The
real estate of Illinois is valued by the census of
I860 at $987,219,940. The amount of tax origin-
ally apportioned to that State by this bill was
$1,719,827; or at the rate of 5.99 mills upon the
dollar. The real estate of Massachusetts is val-
ued at $475,413,165—or nearly double that of Illi-
nois; and yet her tax is not so much by nearly
half a million dollars as that of Illinois—-being
only $1,236,872. In other words, Illinois is taxed
at the rate of 5.99 mills on the dollar, while
Massachusetts is only taxed at the rate of 2.60
mills per dollar. The gross injustice of this ap-
portionment will, I apprehend, strike the sense
of fairness of every member of the House.
Sir, the State of Illinois is willing, in this hour
of peril to the country, to contribute the last man
and the last dollar to crush out this wicked rebel-
lion; but her people desire that this tax shall be
apportioned fairly, justly, and equitably. Her
Representatives will go as far as the furthest in
voting for any tax necessary to carry on the war;
but such tax should commend itself to the justice
and fairness of the people, in order that it may
be willingly and cheerfully paid.
In the State of Michigan there is the same dis-
parity." Her real estate is valued at $123,605,084;
ami her tax, under the first apportionment, was
^752,645. The real estate of Vermont, which I
compare with Michigan, is valued at$05,639,973,
and her amount of tax is $316,602,
