328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July .29,
when I say that; I agree with all the gentleman
has said touching the instructions to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by the resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana. I agree—I repeat
it—with all the gentleman has said in support of
this bill as it now comes from the committee to
the House. And I wish to say farther, that, in
the very first words I uttered upon this floor
touching this bill, I discussed the very questions
which the gentleman from New York, from first
to hist, suggested—of imposing duties on moneys
ias well as lands.
If the gentleman will look into the report of
my remarks, as they appear in the first day's
debate, he will find the announcement distinctly
made by me that I was for taxing both land and
' money. So there is no room for debate between
us; and hence it surprised me very much that,in
this view of the case, the gentleman should come
here and assume that I have charged any gentle-
man upon this floor, and especially himself, with
being a couspirator.
The gentleman assumed in his remarks that I
have come here and ventured to give advice to
members upon this floor. The gentleman uses
words carefully. I stand hero to say that, m the
offensive scene of giving advice, I am as guiltless
of that practice as the gentleman can be. When
the gentleman knows me better, he will under-
stand that, in all matters of legislation, and in
every matter pertaining to my duties here as a
Representative, I stand upon this rule which I
extend to others, that my own judgment shall
suffice for myself; and I am in as little danger of
surrendering that judgment to others as of im-
posing it officiously upon them. Rut 1 do not
recognize the right of the gentleman from New
York, nor do I claim the right myself—and the
records of your debates will bear witness to the
truth of what J now say—of coming in here and
setting myself up as a model of parliamentary
order and decorum, and telling gentlemen how
they shall clip and fashion their words and con-
struct their sentences, and venture to give their
opinions on the measures before us for consider-
ation.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have been
thinking of the remark Of the gentleman which
made upon my mind the impression which led
me to refer to him this morning, and although I
have not looked to see how it is reported, 1 will
state it to him that he may understand what it
was. If I understood the gentleman aright, on
Saturday, in the couise of the very eloquent re-
marks which he submitted to the House, tinning
in this direction and speaking of the defeat which
the bill which ho was then advocating had just
suffered in the vote by which its enacting clause
was stricken out, he alluded to gentlemen who,
according to my lecollection, weresitting here in
a niggardly way and doling out the poor pittance
winch they were willing to give for the sake of
their country. If he did not say something like
that, or something tantamount to it, I misunder-
stood him;and if 1 misunderstood him, 1 cei tamly
withdraw anything 1 may have said.
Mr. BINGHAM. In what I said in that way
I did not allude to anygentleman upon this floor;
and what] said in respect to that point is pub-
lished precisely, I believe,as itwas reported,and
it was reported right. I never said anything on
this floor reflecting, or intended to reflect, upon
the manner in which, any gentleman chooses to
express his views on any bill. But the gentle-
man is mistaken as to the position of the ques-
tion at the time to which ho alludes. The gen-
tleman forgets that I was speaking to a motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
liffe,] to postpone this whole matter till next
December, and to strike outthe diiect tax. I was
not standing here advocating the passage of this
bill as it had been reported, f never declared that
I was in favor of the passage of the bill as reported.
I was standing here arguing against the postpone-
ment of the bill, and showing, in my humble way,
what would be the effect upon the credit of the
country if the Congiess should adjoinn without
the passage of this'or some other bill by which
to sustain the credit of the country and enable the
Treasury Department to negotiate loans without
loss to the country.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understood my
friend to deciaie, a moment ago, that he did not
apply the remarks which he quoted to gentlemen
here. Now, I will read from the report of his
remarks:
"Gentlemen stand here holding the nice scalps in hand,
and measuring out the poor pittance that they are willing
to contribute to the support of the Constitution and the
Union."
Mr. BINGHAM, Yes; that is what I said, in
general terms. But the gentleman assumed that
I was referring individually to him. I suppose,
however, that one may make a general remark
without its being deemed offensive.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. What does the gentleman
desire to say? I will hear him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I certainly would
not have asked the gentleman to yield to me if I
had supposed either that he would refuse to do
so, or that he would consent in the manner in
which he seems to have done. I asked him to
yield for the purpose of saying that he would do
mc very great injustice if, in the remarks he made
this morning, he should attempt to carry the idea
to the House that 1 charged him with applying
those remarks exclusively and individually to me.
On the contrary, I said expressly that the gentle-
man, turning in the direction of the large body of
this House, and referring to the vote which came
from a majority of the House, by which the en-
acting clause of the bill was stucken out, made
these remarks. I know that the gentleman would
not intentionally do mc injustice, and I therefore
ask him not to do me so great injustice as to assume
that I stated he spoke especially to me. I do not
wish to be like the man in the farce. " I know,"
says Scrub, " they were talking of me, for they
laughed so." I do not assume that when a gen-
tleman makes a remark which may embrace me,
that it is aimed intentionally at me.
Mr. BINGHAM. If everything said in debate
that applies to the course of gentlemen were to
constitute personality in debate, it would come to
this, that there would be no debate at all. A gen-
eral line of remark like that which the gentleman
has referred to, is always excusable; but the gen-
tleman seems to have had some grievance to com-
plain of this morning, and he has disburdened
himself. I was not, on Saturday, as the gentle-
man asserts, com plaining of the vote of the liouse,
but was resisting the motion to postpone the ques-
tion till December next, and instructing the conY6-
mittee to strike out direct taxes. The gentleman
deems it very wrong in me to intimate, as a reason
for my action against postponement, that the
credit of the country might suffer, and that the in-
dividual interest of the Shylocks who always
prosper on the public misfortune, would be ad-
vanced. But if the gentleman is content with what
he has said on that point here, and with my reply
to it, so am I.
Now,sir, I have this to say touching the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax.] J inquired of the gentleman whether he
meant, by las motion, to instruct the committee
to sti ike out to the direct tax, and I understood
him to answer in the affirmative.
Mr. COLFAX. The three points of my reso-
lution evidently show that they contemplated the
formation of a new bill. The internal taxes are
to be retained as in the present bill. Itis proposed
to strikeout to the thirty-ninth section, and to form
i a new bill on that basis. #
Mr. BINGHAM. Then'the correct language
is not employed in the gentleman's resolution.
The third instruction is the retaining of the inter-
nal duty.
Mr. COLFAX. It is in my power to modify
the resolution, there having, as yet, been no vote
upon it; and if the gentleman fiom Ohio has any
doubt on the subject, I am perfectly willing, as
he understands the force of language a great deal
better than I do, to modify jtsoas to make it read,
" in place of the original bill."
Mr. BINGHAM. That is right.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say furthermore:
the point was raised on Saturday that a motion to
commit with instructions was not divisible, and
the Chair so decided, and dccided correctly. But
I wish to say to the House that, in my desire to
have evciy member vote on this bill as he wants
to, I am perfectly willing that my motion may be
divided, if gentlemen see fit to deninnd its division.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to say a word or two
on the motion to commit. The first instruction
is to provide for the return of the surplus revenue
distributed among the several States. According
to the table presented by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. F. A. Conkltng,] this morning,a sur-
plus revenue of over nineteen million dollars was
distributed among seventeen States of this IJnion.
Four of these are slave States, to wit: Delaware,
Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri; the rest of
them are free States. I have looked into that
table of distribution, through the favor of the
gentleman from New York, and have ascertained
that, excepting these four slave States, the bill
would impose—if passed according to the instruc-
tions asked for—a burden of $16,000,000 on thir-
teen free loyal States, or, in other words, the
whole amount contemplated by this provision of
the bill, which the gentleman's motion proposes
to strike out. The provision of the bill which au-
thorizes the assessment of a direct taxis limited
to $20,000,000, and is distributed among the sev-
eral States according to their representative pop-
ulation. So that, by the proposed change, you
impose on sixteen free States within §4,000,000
of the entire amount proposed to be raised by di-
rect taxation, equitably distributed throughout
the entire Union. Gentlemen agree on every hand
that it is the object and purpose of whatever
legislation we adopt here to strengthen the public
credit. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that this is not
the way in which to accomplish it. I do not say
that, under certain circumstances, I would not
agree to call in the surplus revenue from the sev-
eral States; but I do say that I object to striking
out this direct tax, and incorporating this provis-
ion in its stead. Why? Because,sir, in addition
to the reasons already assigned, the result would
be, that in every seceding State, as it is called,
where your Federal courts are broken up, and
your Federal judges have resigned, or been driven
out of the State, under the provisions of this pro-
posed amendment you could not collect one sol-
itary cent of this surplus revenue. It is not to be
collected through your collectors. It is not to be
collected under the conquering arms of your
Army. It is to be collected solely and exclu-
sively through thestrictprocessof the State courts.
It cannot be collected in any other way. The
gentleman strikes out the thirty-ninth section of
the bill, and there is nothing left in the bill which
authorizes the States to assume the payment.
I admit, sir, that the loyal States will return,
if required, this surplus fund which was distrib-
uted; but the point I make is that the seceding
States will not return it, and that no revenue will
be derived from them from that source. IIow
does the case stand with reference to Virginia,
which everybody knows is to all intents and pur-
poses declared to be a seceded State? It is true
that some gallant, loyal men in western Virginia
are reorganizing the State; but,at the same time,
you have to conquer the rebels in arms in Vir-
ginia, and to drive them from their fastnesses, be-
fore you can enforce any law there. Now Vir-
ginia has received $2,000,000 of this surplus rev-
enue. The effect of this amendment is to release
Virginia,until your arms are victorious within her
limits, from contributing her share to the support
of this war. That is the effect of striking out the
direct tax.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
how you are to collect any taxes in these seceded
States ?
^\lr. BINGHAM. I have already remarked
that the direct tax is to be collected in the rebel
Slates by the direct instrumentality of your col-
lector, without the intervention of the courts at
all, by distraint and sale, under the protection of
your invading army; but your collectors cannot
collect the surplus revenue. The amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana makes no provision
by which it can be collected until you reestablish
the supremacy of the Constitution within the se-
ceded States.
Now, look at the injustice which the proposi-
tion does to the State of Kentucky. There are
| loyal men enough in Kentucky, than}: God, thus
far, to prevent the government of that State, in
the hands of its State officers, being arrayed in
arms against the lawful authorities of the tFnion.
Kentucky has $1,400,000 of this surplus revenue,
I and the effect of this proposition is to make Ken-
■ tucky—loyal, through her good men, those who
j represent her upon this floor and those at home—as
I a punishment, 1 suppose,for her loyalty,(although
