1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have no idea the gentleman from Indiana in-
tended any such thing,) pay this §1,400,000, while
you, in fact, release Virginia, who has §2,000,000,
from paying anything at all; and so with regard
to all the other loyal slave States. The same, in-
justice would be done to ihe gallant and loyal
people of the State of Missouri. You employ
the instrumentality of the local law to_ collect this
money there, but you have no such instrument-
ality in any of the disloyal States.^ That is the
point I make here, and which I wish gentlemen
to consider. I am opposed to striking out the
direct tax; and, for the reasons assigned, I am
opposed to this proposition for a return, at pres-
ent, by the States, of this surplus revenue. 1 un-
derstand that the State of New York received over
$4,000,000 of this surplus revenue. Am I right
m that?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. You retain, under the pro-
posed instructions, the provision in the bill for
levyirg and collectingan internal tax,and there-
suit, I apprehend, will be—although I have had
no opportunity of making any exact calculation
based upon the personal taxable property of the
State of New York—that the gentleman's own
great State would, under this amendment, bo re-
quired to pay to the Government not less than
§6,000,000 during the current year, while the
State of Virginia and her sister rebel States will
pay nothing at all. In order that the full force of
the remark may be appreciated by the House—
for I do not desire to detain them longer than is
required to make myself undeistood—I will only
remark further, that it will be impossible to col-
lect a dollar of the surplus revenue in any one of
the seceded States until you have reestablished
your authority by striking down entirely the re-
bellion there. And even when that is done, if the
provision for direct taxes is stricken out, all the
internal duties you will collect in the rebel States
will not amount to enough to pay for the-trouble
of collecting. This is all I have to say upon the
subject at this time.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. Having on Satur-
day last offered a resolution requesting tile Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to inform the House
in regard to the amount of surplus revenue in the
possession of the several States, respectively,
and, if by them thought advisable, to report a bill
recalling the same, I desire now, in justice to my-
self, to explain what I in vain sought the oppor-
tunity to do at the hands.of the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio [Mr. Horton] a short time ago.
And permit me here to remaik, that for one, I
feel inclined, to the utmost extent of my ability,
to resist any attempt to force this measure hur-
riedly through the House.
It is a measure, sir, of the highest importance.
It is one which I have had very little opportu-
nity to examine. The provisions'imposing an in-
come tax are such as, judging from an imperfect
heaving of the bill when read at the Clerk's desk,
I must think will prove insufficient to accomplish
the proposed object.
In reference to the proposition to call in the
surplus revenue distributed among the several
States, I wish to show what were the conditions
on which that revenue was distributed. By the
act of 1836, it was provided that, reserving
$5,000,000 in the Treasury, the sum of §37,468,-
857 88 was to be distributed among the several
States in proportion to their Federal represent#-
tion, in four quarterly installments, payable on
the 1st of January, April, July, and October, in
the year 1837. Three of these installments were
paid. In consequence of the embarrassments
which came upon the country in the course of
that year, the fourth installment was not paid.
Now, sir, I ask attention to the conditions under
which this money was to be received. The thir-
teenth section of the act provides:
" That the money winch shall be in the Tioasuiy of the
United States on the 1st day ot January, 1837, reserving
the sum of $5,000,000, shall be deposited Willi sueh of the
several States, m proportion to their respeetive lepreseilt-
ation in the Senate and Ilou.se ot Repiesentatives of tile
United States, as shah, by law, autiiouzo thou tiedstlrers,
or other competent authorities, to receive tile same on tile
terms hereinafter specified ; and the Secietaryofthe Treas-
ury shaii deliver the same to such tieasurers, oi other com-
petent authorities, on receiving eel tifieates of deposit there-
to!', signed by such competent authorities, ill such form as
may be prescribed by the Seeretaiy aforesaid —
Here, it appears to me, is a full answer lo the
inquiry of the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Hor-
ton,] as to the manner in which this surplus
revenue is to be recovered.
" which certificates shall express the usual and legal ob-
ligations, and -pledge the faith of the State for the safe-
keeping and repayment thereof, and shall pledge the faith
of the States receiving the same, to pay the said moneys,
and every part thereof, from time to time, whenever the
same shall be required by the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the puipose of defraying any wants'of the public Treas-
ury, beyond the amount of the $5,000,000 aforesaid : Pro-
vided, That if any State declines to receive its proportion
of the surplus aforesaid, on the terms before named, the
same shall be deposited witli the other States agreeing to
accept the same on deposit, in the proportion aforesaid."
That provision, 1 may remark, referred to the
State of South Carolina, which had declined to
receive her pro rata of the fundi s
" Jlnd provided farther, That when said money, or any
part thereof, shall be wanted by the said Seeretaiy, to meet
appropriations by law, the same shall be called for, in rata-
ble proportions, within one year, as nearly as conveniently
may be, from the dift'ei out. States with which the same is
deposited, and shall not be called for in sums exceeding
$10,000, from any one State, in any one month, without
pievious notice of thuty days, foi every additional sum of
.^aO/IOOj which may at any tune be required."
Now, I apprehend there will be no difference of
opinion as to the ability of the United States to
recovecthis money. Andhere let me call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the fact, that by the provis-
ions of this section the repayment of the money
is distributed over an entire year. It does not
come like a direct tax, in one sum, to be paid at
one time, with all the penalties for non-payment
which are provided by the bill under consider-
ation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him whether the act
to which he refers is the act of June 23, 1836?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that that act has been
repealed,and desire to ask whether the provisions
of this thirteenth section have been revived?
Mr. F. A. CONlvLING. I think I am justi-
fied in saying that the act has not been repealed,
and that the conditions of the thirteenth section,
therefore, remain unchanged and in full force.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was under the impression-
that the act had been repealed, and it was in refer-
ence to that I wished to inquire.
Mr. SPAULDING. I will say to the gentleman
that the original act of 1836 was so amended in
B337 as to provide that the money should not be
called for until otherwise ordered by Congress.
There must be an act of Congress before the
Secretary can call for the money.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Congress will so
order, if, in place of the first section of this bill,
it should enact that the money shall be called for.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the honorable member from
Ohio has argued at great length to show the injus-
tice and unequal speration of the proposition
which I had the honor to submit. He stated what,
for one, I do not know, and what I would be very
glad to be enlightened upon—that by this propo-
sition my own State would be required to pay the
sum of §6,000,000. How the gentleman arrived
at that lesult 1 am at a loss to imagine. The
amount of money received by the State of New
York from this source was $4,014,520 71. Now,
sir, it never lias been contemplated by any State,
to my knowledge, nor has any one ever proposed
such a thing m Congress, that the payment of
interest upon tiw money deposited was to be re-
quired. If such had been the intention, as I have
already stated, §40,000,000 would be required to
meet the interest that has accrued during the
twenty-four years which have elapsed since the
distribution took place.
The gentleman from Ohio, in arguing against
this proposition, has called the attention of the
House to Us operation upon the State of Ken-
tucky. The original bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in apportioning the
§30,000,000 among the several States, assigned to
the State of Kentucky the sum of $1,070,543. The
amount deposited with the State of Kentucky, in
1837, was §1,433,757—a difference of less than
§400,000—and so, in like proportion, with the
other States which the gentleman named. The
argument of the gentleman is disproved by the
statistics which I have before me.
It is true that beside the Territories, eight of the
States would be exempted from this call. These
States are Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Califor-
nia, Oieg'Ui, Texas, Kansas, ''ad Florida; tuid
these are the States which, it has been argued, are
least able to bear the direct tax which" is. now
proposed. t
By the adoption of this proposition the chief
objections which have been urged against the'bill,
so far as the provisions for a direct tax are' con-
cerned, it seems to me, will be obviated. One of
these objections is, that an army of twenty-five
thousand office-holders will be created, that an
amount of patronage will be dispensed sueh'as no
other single measure has ever before rendered ne-
cessary. The States owing this money will go on
and collect it in any manner they may see fit.
They may raise it by a loan. They may collcct
it by taxation, using the machinery now in exist-
ence for the purpose. They may pay it out of
the surplus in their several treasuries _ The new
States and the Territories, I repeat, will be ex-
empted from the burden of direct taxation, and
the money, in all probability, will be received into
the Treasury at an earlier period than it would be
under the provisions of this bill.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to vote for
the bill now before the House. I have simply
endeavored to gain for the proposition whicn I
had the honoito submit afairand candid hearing.
I believe, sir, that the omission of this House to
provide for the deficit of §20,000,000 in the reve-
nue of the Government, according to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, will lead to the
derangement of our financial system, not to say
to the bankruptcy of the Government. The first
Secretary of the Treasury (the illustrious Ham-
ilton) urged,asa fundamental maxim in all sys-
tems of public credit, that the creation of a debt
should always be accompanied with the means of
its extinguishment. That he declared to be the
true secret for rendering public credit immortal.
The means of giving effect to this principle he
declared to be twofold; first, the establishment,
at the time of contracting a debt, of a fund for the
reimbursement of the principal, as well as for the
payment of the interest, within a determinate pe-
riod; and second, making it a part of the contract
that the fund so established shall be inviolably
applied to the.object; and to this end, vesting the
same in commissioners as a proprietary trust.
This is the wise and salutary policy adopted by
the present Secretary of the Treasury, It is tlio
policy urged in his report.
According to that report, the entire expendi-
tures of the Government during the current fiscal
year will be §318,519,581 87; which includes for
the War Department, as I understand it, only the
sum of §185,296,397 19. This amount, accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of War, will be
required to keep in actual service two hundred
and thirty thousand men. The exigencies of the
Government are now much greater. Since that
report was transmitted to this House, an addi-
tional force of eighty thousand men, according to
the newspapers, has been called into the field, and
provision for their maintenance ought to be made
by this Congress. Besides that, various appro-
priation bills have been reported, in violation to
what I regard as the only sound rule of adminis-
trative policy, that all appropriations of money
should come from one committee. For instance,
the Committee on Naval Affairs has reported one
bill appropriating the sum of §3,000,000; another,
appropriating §1,500,000; and a third-appropria-
ting §1,200,000. So with the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, which reported a bill on Saturday
last calling for the sum of §2,000,000. Now, sir,
1 repeat, if this Congress shall adjourn without
passing this bill, or adopting some measure equiv-
alent to it, it will plunge the country into an abyss
of financial embarrassment, not to say financial
ruin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
since the commenceqjpnt of this session we have
had a comparatively smooth sea. This morning a
little ripple lias passed over, which I very much
regret. The distinguished gentlemen from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conki.ikg] and from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] I am satisfied, on reflection will
see that there was no cause for personality in the .
debate which has occurred; and I trust that my
friend from Ohio will, on reflection before we ad-
journ, see that something he has said was not
exactly parliamentary, and will make proper rep-
aration.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I have said aught against
the order of this House. I beg the pardon of every
