330
THE; CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
member of it; and in looking over my remarks I
will see to it that nothing unparliamentary shall
appear in the report. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i have nothing
further to say on that subject.
In considering the bill before the House, Mr.
Speaker, we have this matter to bring to our con-
templation : the amount, or whatever is necesary
to support the Government. According to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, to carry
out the recommendations of the Government, we
were going to require $80,000,000; but we have
surpassed that. We have already reported other
bills, not included in the estimate, to the amount
of five or six million dollars; and, in addition,
> there are bills now pending that ought to pass,
and probably will pass, which I have no doubt
will increase it to not less than §15,000,000, and
perhaps to $20,000,000. This must also be pro-
vided for. Now is it supposed that we are going
to provide for it by calling in the surplus fund ?
Although I have no doubt of the patriotic inten-
tions of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
pax,] and of the others who advocate that measure,
I regard it as a tub thrown to the whale. It will
mislead the House, whether so inlended or not.
I would as soon undertake to find the treasure of
Captain ICidd by a witch hazel rod, as to expect
to get back this surplus just at the present mo-
ment. And why? Bccuuse one .State will not
pay unless the other States pay. It would not be
just if they dip, and we know that all will not
pay. When we call that back, we must make a
call that will reach every State, including those
now in rebellion, as well as loyal States. In due
time it may be done and may be necessary; but
it cannot be done now; nor is it necessary. And
if it could be done, with what justice could we do
it? Take the State of Indiana. When the surplus
fund was distributed she had less than one half
the population she now has, and much less than
one half the wealth. We want to apportion this
tax according to population, or according to
wealth. To return this contribution now would
be neither.
The gentleman from Indiana JMr. Colfax]
says that this was a gift. There is no law which
can recover a gift after it has been taken posses-
sion of by the party to whom it lias been given.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman is mistaken,
ft was a deposit with the States on the condition
and solemn pledge that they would return it
whenever it was wanted by the'Federal Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Everybody un-
derstood at the time that it would never bo recalled.
It was expressly so stated in the debate in both
Houses at the time The bill was passed. It took
that form to ease constitutional scruples. Now,
what is the state of the surplus fund m the States ?
It has been loaned out, to many instances, on
mortgage to farmers. Would they be relieved by
being called on to refund It at this time ? In many
States it is used as a school fund. Would you
destroy the school fund of any Suite by recalling
this surplus? Ceitamly the Uoinje is not ready
for any such measure. There would hardly be
a State which would not choose to lovy a tax
rather than recall these old, solid investments.
The gentleman from Indiana suggests that wc
have a large amount of resources yet unturned
and unworked in the free list. Let me tell lum
that he could not raise a sufficient amount on the
free list yet remaining to supply the ladies of the
country with pins and needles. When we took
out tea and coffee we took out something like
three fourths of the whole amount. In the tariff
that was passed in 18GI,a Urge item :o which the,
gentleman has alluded, linseed, was taken from
the free list and put upon the t txuble list at six-
teen cents a bushel. The gentleman is slightly m
error in relation to that question. The bill, when
it passed the House, laid on a tax of twelve cents
on linseed; and the only question presented was,
whether it should lemaiu at twelve cents or be
lixed at sixteen cents.
Mr. Speaker, in rchuion to the manner in which
this bill has been presented ro t'v1 [{.on \ think
lam authorized by the Commitue of Ways and
Means to say that it was no purp; se of thatcom-
mittee to force the llouso to a vote on this bill.
If the House had seen fit to object to Us consid-
eration, of course it would have been printed and
laid over until to-morrow. Neither the gentleman
from Indiana nor any other member objected to
its present consideration. Therefore the.gentle-
rnan from Ohio, as well as the rest of us, had the
right to infer that it was the pleasure of the House
to consider it now. And why not? The com-
mittee on Saturday was expressly instructed what
to do. According to the bestof their ability they
have done that very thing. They were instructed
to report this very bill reducing the direct taxes.
Instead of §30,000,000, it now comes before the
House proposing to raise only $20,000,000, of
which we only hope to realize eleven or twelve
million.
It was also taken to be the sense of the House
that a much /larger amount of personal property
and personal wealth should be subjected to taxa-
tion; and this bill accomplishes that object. In
the course of the discussion it leaked out from all
sides that money, bonds and mortgages, stocks,
and various incomes from such sources, should
be included in the tax list. The committee have
endeavored faithfully to embrace the whole of
these things in this bill, so that, not a dollar shall
improperly escape. And in raising this amount
of money, let me say to gentlemen of the West,
and to the gentleman from Illinois, who seemed
to think that his portion of the country would be
hardly dealt by, that, so far as a direct tax is
concerned, we cannot apportion it in any other
way than according to numbers, agreeably to the
Constitution; but we have changed the thirty-
ninth section of the old bill, so as to allow the
States to collect that or any other tax in any way
and manner they choose, and by their own offi-
cers. The indirect or income tax which is to be
raised by this bill will be, in my judgment, at
least twice as much as what we shall raise by
direct taxation. Now, I undertake to say there
is a far greater inequality in that than in the other
tax; but this time the boot is on the other leg.
Every farmer in Illinois whose farm does not
yield him, over and above the State and local
taxes, over and above what he pays out for wages
of labor, $600, will not be taxed a single copper.
How many farmers in Illinois will be taxed under
that provision of this bill?
But when you come to the East, to New York
and the Atlantic cities, you find more men of
larger income; and you find incorporated compa-
nies, factories, insurance companies, and banks,
that should be and will be taxed. But the banks
in Illinois, at the present tune, have nearly van-
ished. Does anybody expcct that there will be
any tax upon the income of the banks of Illinois?
Certainly not. I cxpect that nearly two thirds,
if not tin oe fourths, of this income tax will be paid
by the East—by New England, New York, and
Pennsylvania. Then I undeitake to say that,
taking both portions of the bill together, it will be
found to operate as nearly equal'as any bill that
legislators may hope or expect ever to be able to
perfect.
And now, as it seems to me that wc have suffi-
ciently discussed the bill, -rf there is no objection,
I will call the previous question.
Mr. COVODE. If the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question until 1 can
give my reasons for voting against this bill this
morning, I will renew it.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. I am urged upon
all sides to adhere to the previous question. There
are others who will want the sape thing. I will,
however, yield in this instance.
Mr. COVODE. I will renew the previous
question. I voted against calling the previous
question this morning, because 1 was opposed to
the manner in which the bill was brought in, and
because I was asked to vote upon it without
knowing what it was. I listened attentively to
the reading of the bill, but was not able to hear
half of it.
Upon this question of finance, I am unwilling
to yield my private judgment to any man. I have
j had some expeucnce ni this matter, and I have
my own views in regard to the best mode of levy-
ing taxes, when to do it, and how to do it; and I
wanted, before voting for this bill, to give my
views m relation to it. There are two things
necessary in order to levy and collect taxes: the
ffisr is, to give the people the ability to pay taxes.
Yon have got to put money into the hands of the
people by some means to enable them to pay
taxes before you can collect them. My desire
has been that only one half the amount of taxes
suggested by the committee should be raised at
this time, and then, if it should be necessary to
do so next session, double the amount. Satisfy
the capitalists that we &re ready and willing to
tax our people for the purpose of meeting the
interest upon the debt when it becomes necessary.
But there is an easier and better way of doing
it than this; and that is for the Government to
issue and pay out Treasury notes in sums as small
as ten dollars. Thus you would put into the
hands of the people the money wherewith to pay
taxes. I am ready to admit that afteratime these
Treasury notes may depreciate in the hands of
the holders; but at that time, I would say, Con-
gress should, without hesitation, levy a heavy
tax, and make it payable in Treasury notes. In
that way you will create a demand for them, and
keep them up in the market. There is no danger
of these Treasury notes depreciating now. The
country is ready to receive them. The country
is patriotic; but it is too much to impose such a
heavy burden upon the people, who are produc-
ing nothing. I would ask what are you to get
from the income tax, when there is no income
accruing? I have endeavored to ascertain this
morning where there is a dollar to be had, either
from money in the hands of the capitalists or
otherwise. There are no incomes to tax. Parties
who have money at interest cannot even get the
interest upon it. How is the Government to get
three per cent, when there are no incomes-5
There is another pointin this bill. It proposes
to levy a tax of #20,000,000, and allow the States
to pay it over to the Government, thus saving the
States from being inundated by Federal officers.
But how is the ^10,000,000, the remaining portion
of this tax, to be paid? Is there any provision
by which the States shall collect and pay the in-
come tax? [Several Voices. Yes, yes!] Very
well. All right, then, so far as that is concerned.
My object was, if possible, to induce the com-
mittcej at this session, only to levy one half of this
tax, and ])ostpone the collection of the other half
until the next session of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that the previous question cannot be de-
manded a second time the same day, when the
question is in the same condition that it was when
the mam qut stion was voted down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the Cleik
to read the rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Cut its only effect, if a motion to postpone is pending,
shall be to bring the House to a vote upon such motion.
Whenever the llouse shall refuse to oider tne main ques-
tion, the con;-ideumon ot the subject s?hall lie resumed as
though no motion foi the previous question had hecn nrulo.
The House may aNo, at any time, on motion seconded by
a maioritv of the members present, clo-e all debate upon a
pending amemhmyif, or an amendment thereto, and c.iu^e
the question to he put thereon ; and thi> shall not pioclude
any l'uither amendment oi debate upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. Under this rule, the Chair
would state to the gentleman from Kentucky that
the House refusing to order the main question,
leaves the question before the House to be acted
upon as if no previous call of the previous ques-
tion had been made, and it can be called at any
other stage of the pioceeding. The Chair would
also state, that this is not the same stage of pro-
ceeding; for, since the House refused to ordei the
£)ain question, the gentleman fioiu Indiana has
offered a resolution to recommit with instructions.
Mr. WASHBURN £. What would bo the
effect of laying the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It would carry the bill with
it.
Mr. COVODE. I have another proposition to
make.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order pend-
ing the call foi the previous question.
The ] H'evious question was seconded.
Mr. BURNETT. Is the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The rules ex-
pressly provide otherwise.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The question lecurring on the resolution of Mr.
Colfax,
Mr. IiOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE called for tellers upon
the adoption of the resolution.
