1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and the resolution was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the substitute.
Mr. COVODE. I do not see how we can take
that question until a motion to reconsider and lay
upon the table the last vote is made.
The SPEAKER. Until the previous question
is exhausted, a motion to reconsider is not in
order, and it will not be exhausted until the bill
is read a third time.
The yeas and nays were demanded on adopt-
ing the substitute.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was then adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Joseph Baiiy, Baker, Baxter, Bingham. Samuel S.
Blair, Blake,Geoige 11. Biowne, Calveri, Campbell,Cham-
berlain, Claiic, Cobb, Fredei ick A. Colliding, llo-eoe Conk-
ling, Conway, Corning, Covode, Cutlei/i)avis Dawes,
Delano. Diven, Edwards, Eliot, Fessendeti, Franehot,
Fj.uiIc, Goocli, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, IhuribOn, Ilor-
ton, Ilutchmc, Julian, iCeiley, William ICellogir, Lansing,
Loonns MeCliirnand, McKean, MeKmght, McX'licrson,
Mitchell, Mooihend, An-on r. Moru'l, Justin S. Morrill,
I'ometoy, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. ilice, Riddle,
Ed wind II. RoIIiin, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shcllabaiger,
Sherman. SpauUlin<r, John l>. {Steele, Stevens, Stiation,
Benjamin F.^i'hoina-, Tiam, Upton, Van Uoui.Van W} i_k,
Wall, Wallace, E I'. Walton, Washbuine, Wheelf>i,Al
beit S. White, and Woreestei—77.
NAYS—Aldiich, Allen, Ancona, Arnold. Boa-
man, Fianeis P. BUui, Bufiniton, Burnett. Colfax, Cox,
Ciavons, CiislieM.Cnueiulen. Dunlap, Edge:ton, English,
Fouke, Gudcr, liaight, Hale, Jiancliett,Hauling, Ilolman,
Jackson, Johnson. Fianeis W. Kellogg, Lavv.Leaty, Leh-
nian, Logan, Lovojoy, May, Itfallory, Menzies, Mosris
Noble, Noitou. Odeil, George It. Pendleton, I'eny, I'oiter,
I'f'id, Robinson, Shank*, Smith, William G. Steele,Tiow-
budg^,, Vallandighfiin, Vandever, Vibbard, Wadt-wort.li,
Chailes W. Walton, Waul. Webster, Chilton A. White,
Wicklille, Wiudoin, Wood, WoodiulT", and Wright—6U.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Trimble was
still confincd to his room by illness.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMS FOR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill making
an appropriation for the purchase of arms for the
volunteer and regular troops of the United States.
|t is to provide for the purchase ofrarms abroad.
The bill was read a first and sccolul time by its
title
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to put the bill upon its passage.
No objection was made.
Mr. COLFAX. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to withdraw the remark I made
about snap judgments a little while ago. It was
a hasty remark, and I withdraw it.
The bill was then read. It appropriates the
sum of $10,'000,000, to be expended under the di-
rection of the President <>f the United States, in
the purchase of aims for the volunteer andfrcgular
troops of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed.
PAY OF GOVERNMENT OFFICERS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
No. 48, providing for a commission to examine
and report as to the compensation of all officers
of the Government, and for other purposes. The
bill makes no appropriation, and I ask that it may
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It organizes a board of
commissioners for the purpose of scaling, equali-
zing, and reducing the compensation of the various
officers of the Government, said board to be com-
posed of two members of.the Senate, to be ap-
pointed by the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
three members of the House of Representatives
to be appointed by the Speaker of the House, and
one officer of the Army, and one officer of the
Navy, to be appointed by the President. The
board are to examine and report as soon as prac-
ticable. 1. A fair and just compensation for each
officer of the Government. 2. Such provision of
law as will regulate the expenditure of all indefi-
nite and contingent appropiiations, including those
for the courts of the United States. 3. Regulations
for the more economical collection of the revenue;
and 4. Whntoflleers or employments, if any, may
be dispensed with without detriment to the public
service. The commissioners have leave to report
by bill or otherwise, to each House at the next
session of Congress, and to .employ a clerk, at a
compensation of four dollars a day for the time he
may be actually employed.v
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. *
COLLECTION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Senate have sent
in a bill in addition to an act entitled " An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports and for other purposes," approved July
13, 1861. It is an addition to the fifth section of
the House bill which passed during the early part
of the session. On a critical examination of the
fifth section of that bill, it was thought that the
President should have a little more power than is
given him in that section. It was supposed that
it mi^ht be construed to mean that the President
could only issue his proclamation in regard to
those cases that then existed. The object of the
supplemental bill is, to give him the same authority
in all cases that may hereafter arise of insurrec-
tionary movements. That is the whole substance
of the bill, and Hhsk the House to pass it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to taking the bill
from the Speaker's table at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of putting it on its pas-
sage.
The question was taken, and (more than two
thirds voting therefor) the lules were suspended,
and the bill taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
It provides that the power of the President to
declare the inhabitants of any State or of any part i
thereof, m a state of msun*ction, as provided in '
the fifth section of the act to which itis an addition,
shall extend to and include the inhabitants of any
State or part thereof, where such insurrection
against the United States shall be found by the
President at any time to exist.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. WASllBURNE moved the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
voteby which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEACE PROPOSITIONS.
I ask leave to offer the following
Mr. COX.
resolution:
Whereas it is the part of rational beinga to terminate their
diffeiences by rational methods, and inasmuch as the differ-
ences between the United States authorities and the seced-
ing States have resulted in a civil war, characterized by hit-
ter hostility and extreme atrocity; and although the party in
the seceded Slates aie guilty of breaking the national unity
and letting the national authority : Yet,
Be it resolved, Fust. That while wc make undiminished
and increased exertions by out Navy and Army to maintain
the integrity and stability of this Government, the common
laws of wai, consisting of those maxims of humanity, mod-
eration, and honor, which arc a paitof the international
code, ought to be ob&erved by both pauies, and for a stronger
reason than exists between two alien nations, inasmuch as
the two parties have a common ancestry,histoiy, piosper-
ity, glory, Government, and Union, and are now unhappily
engaged in laceiating their common country. Second.
That, resulting from these premises, while there ought to
be left open, as between two alien nations, the same means
for preventing the war being cairied to outrageous extrem-
ities, theie ought also to ho left open some means for the
restoiation of peace and union. Third. That to tills end—
the lestorationof peace and union on the basis of the Con-
stitution—there be appointed a committee of one member
from each State, who shall icport to this House, at its next
session, such amendments to the Constitution of the United
States as shall assuage all grievances, and bring about a
lecoiNtuiction of the national unit}'; and that for the prep-
aration of sueh adjustment and the confeience requisite
ioi that purpose, there he appointed a commission of srfVen
citizens of the United States, consisting of Edward Ever-
ett of Massachusetts Franklin Pierce ol'New Hampshire,
Mi Haul Fillmoie of New York,Rcverdy Johnson of Maty-
laud, Mai tin Van Iknen of New Yoik, Thomas Ewing of
Ohio, and James Guthrie of Kentucky, who shall jequest
fiom the so-called confederate States the appointment of a
similar commission, and who shall meet and confer on the
r-ubjeet in tin- cily of Louisville on the first Monday of
September next. And that the committee appointed from
tins Rouse notify said commissioners of then appointment
and function, and report their action to the nextscssioir'as
an amendment of the Constitution of the United States to
he proposed by Congress to ttic States loi their ratification,
according to the huh article of said Constitution.
Mr. WASHBCJRNJJ, (in terruptingits reading.)
Iobjcct to the introduction of thatresolution. We
have had enough of it road.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules, to
enable me to introduce it.
The reading of the resolution was resumed and
completed.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he is willing to insert, among the
proposed commissioners, the name of James
Buchanan ? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. No, sir; not. at all. I call for the
yens and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. HOSCOE CONKLING. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 41, nays 85; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Alien, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Burnett,
Calvort, Cox, Ciavens, Cusfield, Crittenden, Dunlap, Gn-
dei, llaurht, Tlanluj-r, fiolman, Jackson, Johnson, Law,
L'-aiy, Logan, M.iy,' M: Hoi v, Menzies, Morris, Noble,
Nouon, Nuiren, Geoige II. Vendletoi), Perry, llojd, Rtch-
auNon. Llohju-on, Smith, William G. Steele, Vallandig-
harn, Vooiln ; Wadt vvorlh, Web&ioi, Olnltou A. White,
\Vicklil3c, Wood, and WoodtufT—41.
NAYS— Mexsi:-. Aldtieh, Alley. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bakes, B.ixr-1, Biwinau, Birjih.un, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
U"l S. Blair, Blake, Buflmton, Campbell, Chamberlain,
01<iik. Colla*., Fiodciiek A. Conkiing, ftos-eoe Conkling,
Conway. Cuvode, Cutler, Davis. Dawe&, DeJano, Diven,
Dn.'ii, Cdi'cifon, Edwards, Eliot, Fessendcn, Franehot,
Fiauk, Gooc-h, Goodwin,Gtaimei, Guiley, Hale,Hanison,
iJoitoij, Iliucluns, Julian, Kelley, Fianeis W. Kellogg,
Wjlham Kehogn, Landing, Loomis, Lovcjoy, McKean,
McKnight. M'-rhersnn, Meorheacl, Anson P. Moirill, Justin
S. MoinSLOim, 1'ike, Pomnoy, Poitor, Potter, Alexander
JI. Itiee, John 11. iliee, Kiddie, Edward II. HoJihi.5, Sedg-
wick, Snauk-', Sheffield, rthollabarger, Sbeiman, Spauid-
mir. Steven-. Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Tiowbudsje,
Upton, Windsor, Van Wyck, Wall, Wallaec,Charles VV.
Wa'ion, U.B. Walton, Waslibuinc, AlbeitS. White, Win-
dwin, Woroe^cj, and Wnght—85.
So (two thirds not voting therefor) the rules
were not suspended.
During the vote,
j\Ir. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hjckmast
was detained at home by indisposition:
Mr. POTTER stated that Mr. Sloan was de-
tained from the House by illness. ♦
