1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
They found nothing, simply because there was no
conspiracy, no gathering of arms for rebellious
purposes, no intention on his part to engage in
any secret oiganization against the Government.
Nevertheless, he felt this searching of his house
to be an injustice, an affront, and an oppiession.
The other was the case of an old gentleman of
over eighty years of age, who is now and always
has been, the strongest Union man of the county.
He was^ lying at the time on a sick bed, from
which his family fear he may never rise. The
ladies met the officer at the door, and felt very
much disposed to resist, if it had bjen in their
power; but finally, when told that his object was
to search for arms, answered promptly: " There
are two guns here; one is a bird gun." " That I
do not want," suid the officer. " Then there is
another gun here—a drilling gun." "Ah! that
is what 1 want." "Very well," answered^one
of the ladies; " I pledge you mjr honor I will
bring it to you in two or three minutes; but do
not come into the house, for Heaven's sake." It
so happened that a company oflittlo boys of eight,
ten, or twelve years, were playing the military,
and drilling with wooden guns; and one of these
poor little wooden guns was the trophy which the
lady brought to the officer, very much to his mor-
tification. I believe he did not care about receiv-
ing it, though she insisted upon his taking it.
There are two cases. Who can suppose that
any honest, loyal citizen, had given information
against these two gentlemen? Is it not palpable
that it was owing to the malicious, wanton, and
wicked interference of some base mischief-maker,
that the military were dragged some twenty miles,
and marched back the same distance, for the pur-
pose of searching these two houses, and looking
into a little village armory, where they did not
get a solitary gun, I believe?
Sir, these things have been repeated elsowjiere.
In my own neighborhood, three or four hundred
men, who had gone over in a steamljpat from An-
napolis to one of the country districts, marched
into the town of Easton, and on their way, meet-
ing two gentlemen standing at a gate, arrested
them, and said: " you mustcome and march with
us." " Why?" They chose to give 110 answer,
except to say, that they understood there are se-
cessionists in the town, and if they chose to fire
upon them, these gentlemen should bo in the front
rank—take the fire first; and 'thus, two men, of
whom they knew nothing, and who, unquestion-
ably, were not concerned in any treasonable act,
"were thus wantonly airested and marched from
their residence to the town, to be contemptuously
dismissed. An armory, belonging to the State,
was searched and the arms taken. There were
some arms, I suppose not more than two or three
hundred guns in all, many of which were oflittlo
value, being old, and having been there from time
immemorial, with some cannon. Two of these be-
longed to the commissioners of the county, and
had been purchased in the year 3833, just after
a memorable event in Virginia, and were in-
tended for the defense of the county against in-
ternal foes.
Sir, these are but a few of the i nstances that have
occurred. I have known houses to be broken open,
wardtobes and bureaus to be rudely searched, and
young men to be arrested, because they talked
saucily. They were not more mutinous, I pre-
sume, than poor Jonks, whom the privy council
put in prison for talking mutinously at Guildhall,
when he wanted to have a petition presented to
the King. ^ These young men, without public in-
fluence, without that position which gives control
of society, without the ability to command the
services ofa single man in any organization against
the Government, aie seized and taken away from
their business, one from his farm, another from
his store, and carried off to Port McHenry, or
some other military station, and lodged there,
without warrant in form of law, or upon affidavit,
witiiout even a decent ground of suspicion that
they were affiliated with secessionists in arms,
or had any intention to associate with them, and
when, indued, they were further from violating
their duty to the Constitution and the law than the
men who thus ruthlessly violated both.
In tlie first case I mentioned, one gentleman
was captured, taken prisoner, and carried to
Cockeysvillc, and there remained for some days;
and when inquiry was made by his friends, no-
body knew by whose orders he was taken. The
President, knew nothing of it; the Secretary of
War knew nothing of it; General Scott knew
nothing of it; and 1 think I may say without any
impropriety, was exceedingly sorry to hear that
such an act had been committed. It could not be
traced to any officer of superior authority. Gen-
eral Banks knew nothing of it; and finally he was
released by the Secretary of War upon represent-
ation of the facts to him. But while this and
similar proceedings have been in progress, while
these imprisonments have been suffered, irritation
has been springing up, friends have been dissat-
isfied, and the people have asked themselves, is
this the paternal Government that we have a right
to expect will protect us, or is it one that looks
upon us as aliens, as conquered foes surrendered
at discretion, as rebellious subjects who have been
reduced to a condition of obedience and vassalage?
I say this, sir, not so much for the Senate as in
the hope that it may some way or other reach the
ears of those in power, and teach them the pro-
priety and the prudence of stopping these irritat-
ing, vexatious, illegal, and unconstitutional pro-
ceedings.
Sir, m my opinion there is, in the State of Ma-
ryland, at this time, not the slightest probability
of any further emeute. No man regrets more than
I do the riot of the 19th of April. I unhesitat-
ingly admit that it was illegal; it was in every
respect wrong; quite as prejudicial to the State of
Maryland as it was injurious to the Government
of the United States. No man rejoiced more when
the organization which followed'it was dissipated.
But I do not think that the disturbances of that
day—the attack of the rioters upon the Massa-
chusetts soldiers and the subsequent proceedings
—can, without the grossest outrage, be made the
pretext for a scries of aggressions upon the con-
stitutional rights of the people throughout the
State. There was a single, unorganized popular
tumult on the 19th of April. Senators will rec-
ollect that the mob on that occasion were not or-
ganized into an armed force, 'l'hcy were armed
with paving stones and brickbats. Those arc not
the weapons used by conspirators who aie organ-
ized for the deliberate purpose of overthrowing a
government. As for the few pistols that appeared
there, they will be found in all tumultuous assem-
blages that grow into riot. And thetifter proceed:-
ings by the authorities, however much their pro-
pi iety may be doubted, had at least one effect:
that of reducing, by the military organization that
followed, the tumultuary elements of the State into j
such a condition that they could be controlled,
which, without that military organization, I very
much fear would not have been the case, and then
the evil might have been much more serious to the
Government, the people of Baltimore, and the
State of Maryland. Be that as it may, I do not
defend that proceeding or palliate it; but I do say
that however much-gentlemen may condemn that
emeute in Ilaltinlore, it was punished severely on
the spot; for the blood which flowed then was
more that of the people of Maryland engaged in
the tumult than those against whom they illegally
directed the riot. The resentment which was felt
in the North was natural, but it did not justify
the thieat of razing the city to the ground, nor
does it justify any other proceedings than legal
ones for the prosecution of those concerned in it.
It must be remembered, too, that the President
himself was satisfied that the authorities of Ualti-
more had acted with perfect loyalty, and that the
popular excitement there was an unfortunate oc-
currence, unforeseen by the authorities, and which
they could not control, though the mayor, the
marshal of police, and others, risked their lives in
the effort to control it, and to protect the soldiery
from the attack.
Now, sir, here are the police commissioners of
the city who have been imprisoned for a month,
and during the session of the grand jury which
have been finding bills of indictment against per-
sons suspected of treasonaUe practices. They have
found a number of bills (fto not remembei how
many) for treason, but they have found no bill
against these gentlemen; nor have wcheard,from
any source whatever, any intimation of any spe-
cific conduct of theirs which could be declared to
be illegal. On the contrary, the only intimation
upon which I understand their arrest to have been
founded, is that contained in the proclamation of
General Banks on the 1st of July, m which he
says they were supposed to entertain some pur- |
pose not known to the Government, but believed
to be detrimental to its peace and security. I
think that is the language. I know I am right in
regard to the other words—" some purpose not
known to the Government." I understand that
General Banks admitted that there was no charge
affecting the integrityof these gentlemen; that
they; had been arrested rather with a view to pros- *
pective events than for anything then done by
them. And yet, sir, not only are these gentlemen
still suffering illegal confinement, but I aee by the
papers of the morning that they are now being
transported from the State of Maryland to some
northern fortress, where they are to be deprived
of the sympathy and service of their friends, torn
from the partial association of their families hith-
erto permitted, and doomed to imprisonment
among strangers, where kindred and friends can
no longer cheer and sustain them. Why is this?
What prospective event makes this necessary?
It is most unusual, extraordinary, and I think
oppressive. Partisans of the Administration in
Maryland Way defend it; but no one else, how-
ever earnest and ardent in his attachment to the
constitutional union of the States, can be other-
wise than indignant.
Now, sir, this police organization is a part of
the State system. With as much authority might
this Government undertake to suppress the State
Legislature itself, and put its members in military
jails. As well might they suppress Uie whole
organization of the different departments of the
government of the State of Maryland. The State
is prostrate this moment at the foot of the exec-
utive power of the United States, and that for no
reason that I can perceive, except the fact of the
emeute of the 19th of April. Certainly no con-
duct on the part of the State of Maryland since
then has caused any apprehension or surmise,
that such a state of things prevails there as would
justify the violation of the Constitution and the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, and the
other oppressions which I have described.
Mr. Piesident, there are other things to which
I should desire to allude at this time, but, as the
Senate perceive, I am laboring under difficulties
which make it very arduous for me to make any
remarks at all. Nothing but a deep sense of the
duty which I owe to my constituents, and the
knowledge that it was expected of me that I
should say something on this subject, has induced
me to trouble the Senate at this time. I shall, of
course, not vote for the joint resolution; and the
more, because I believe that, if these things which
have been done by the Executive are legal, there
is no necessity for Congress to undertake to vali-
date or ratify them; and, if they were illegal and
unconstitutional, no power of this Congress can
give them any authority whatsoever. Congress
may pass indemnity bills; they may indemnify
their officers who violate the law by paying all
expenses which maybe incurred; but they cannot
make an illegal and unconstitutional thing legal
by a declaration that it is so. That is impossible.
The doctrine I hold, as to the suspension of the
habeas corpus, is sustained by the highest judicial
authority—by Chief Justice Marshall, Justice
Iredell of the Supreme Court, Judge Story, and
by the present pure and able Chief Justice. It
has never been questioned by any known jurist
of eminent character, unless there be one excep-
tion in a northern State; and it has been the re-
ceived doctrine from the oiigin of the Government
to the ptcsent day.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President 
3\lr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the further
consideration of thisjoint resolution be postponed,
with a view to take up the tariff bill.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I addressed the Chair
I was recognized by the
I want the floor on this
first, I believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Chair.
Mr. MeDOUGALL.
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is important to pass
the tariff bill this morning; we almost passed it
last night.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I do not want to inter-
fere witli the course of business.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Tin? TARIFF IITLL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 51) to provide increased revenue
