386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30.
from imparts, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, the question being upon
its passage.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to get the unanimous
consent of (he Senate to make one or two verbal
amendments in the bill. In the second section I
want to strike out the word " herein,"and insert
in this section." There will be no objection, I
presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. King in
the chair.) If there be no objection, thatamend-
ment will be considered as agreed to. The Chair
hearsnoobjection, and theamendmentis adopted.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the second section of the
income tux portion of the bill, after the words
" United States," in the fifth line, I.want to in-
sert, " and in the District of Columbia." That
happened to be leftoutin the provision forassess-
ors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment is agreed
to. ' *
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to understand the exact
position of the bill, whether or not the question
now before the Senate is on the adoption of the
amendmentproposed by the Senator from Rhode
Island in relation to the income tax, or whether
tiie question is upon the final passage of the
whole bill, including the tariff arid the income tax
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the final passage of the bill as amended, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Anthony, lJalcor, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolmle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Howe,
King, Lane oflndiana, AleDougall, Moiriil, L'omoroy, Sim-
mons, Sumnei, Ten Kyek, Wilkinson, VVilmot, and Wil-
son—22-
NAYS—Messrs. Bnyaid, Bieeknnidge, Ought, Blown-
in<r. Carlik'j Grime?, Harlan, ll.uiis, Johnson o( Tennessee,
Johnson ot .Wissouu, Kennedy, Latham, Pearee, Poik,
I'owell, lvicc, Saulsbury, and Tmmhuli—18.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE VUOM TIIK UOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr.E'ntERiDGE, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. It. No. 71) to pro-
vide additional revenues for defraying the ex-
penses of Govonimentnnd maintaining the public
credit, by the assessment and collection of a direct
tax and internal duties.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution directing the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives to close the present session of Con-
gress by adjourning their respective Houses on
Friday, the 3d day of August, at twelve o'clock,
noon, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. J20) authorizing the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and
fixing the salary of the same, and for other pur-
poses.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two 1 louses
on the bill (S.No.31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 24) authorizing the Secretary of
War to reimburse volunteers for expenses in-
curred in employing regiment.il and other bands,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 45) to define and punish cer-
tain conspiracies: and
A bill (1-1. R. No. HI) making an appropriation
for the puichase of arms for the volunteer and
regular troops of the United States.
HOUSE BILL REFEllltED.
The bill (H. R. No. 71) to provide additional
revenues for defraying the expenses of Govern-
ment, and maintaining the public credit, by the
assessment and collection of a direct tax and in-
ternal duties, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance,and ordered
to be printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution which was under consideration,and passed
over informally, is now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe itwas postponed.
I move that all other business be postponed, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 33.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall take the vote
upon the joint resolution, and have itdisposed of,
that it may be got out of the way. I understand
the Senator from California desires to speak upon
it. If that be the case, I will not press it now.
I hope to-morrow, however, that we shall have
a vote.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate long. I do not wish to make what
is called a set speech, but to state my opinions
briefly.
The PRESLDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the joint resolution was passed oyer
infoimally with a view to take up the tariff bill,
which has now been disposed of; and therefore
it now comes up again for consideration; but the
Senator from Illinois moves to postpone this and
all prior orders, with a view to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 3«T) to suppress
insurrection and sedition, and for otner purposes.
Mr. BAYARD. Yesterday the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, asking to be dis-
charged from the memoiiul of the City Council
of Baltimoie, was before theSenate; and I offered
resolutions, in lieu of the report of the committee
on their resolution to bo discharged. All I desire
is a vote upon them. I thoughtthem reasonable
in themselves. They were postponed-then until
to-day. 1 hope that the honorable Senator from
Illinois will suffer me to take the vote on this
before he calls up a bill which will give rise to a
good deal of discussion. 1 only desire a vote on
them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill, the considera-
tion of which J[ have asked, is somewhat germane
to those very matters to which the Senator from
Delaware alludes. There may be some discussion
upon if, which may be applicable also to these
proceedings in Baltimore, and I would prefer that
the bill should come up for action rather than that
we should spend our time upon resolutions which
lead to no practical legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Illinois, to
take up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION.
The Senate, ns in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly pioceeded to consider the bill (S. No.
33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and for
other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill and
the amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary
will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine that it will be
unnecessary to read both the bill and amendment.
The amendment is a substitute for the bill, and
is the text of the original bill, with some verbal
alterations, and perhaps one section stricken out
that was in the original bill. It will be, substan-
tially, reading the same thing twice over to read
both; and unless some Senator desires it, I sug-
gest that the substitute recommended by the com-
mittee be read, instead of the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, if no objection be made.
Mr. BAYARD, I only got hold of the bill i
yesterday, and I should prefer not to have it
brought up to-day; but 1 believe the substitute and
the bill are essentiaily^he same, with the excep-
tion of an additional section added to the substi-
tute.
Mr. TRUAiBULL. And the omission of one
i section. The twelfth section of the original bill
! is omitted in the substitute, and another section
I added to it.
| Mi*. BAYARD. At least the substitute ought
l to be read. 1 do not care about the original bill
I being read. They are both essentially the same.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The substi-
tute alone will be read, unless the reading of the
original bill is demanded.
The Secretary read the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, to strike out all
the bill after the enacting clause, and inseit the
following substitute:
That the Commanding General ofthe Army of the United
States, the commanders ot the several military departments
and military districts within the military jiuisdiction spe-
cially assigned to them, shall have power within their sev-
eral commands, and jvithin States, Territories, or district?
of country which may have been, or shall hereafter be, de-
clared by the President of the United States to be In a state
of insurrection, or in actual rebellion again&t the Govern-
ment ofthe United States, to declare, by piociamation, the
teiritoiv so designated by the Piesident as aforesaid within
then respective commands', or any part tlieieof, to be in «i
state of insurrection and war, which proclamation shall
be extensively published within the districts to which it
relates.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That after the publica-
tion <lf said piociamation as aforesaid, the said commander
shall make and publish such police rules and regulations,
conforming .is nearly as may be lo pieviously existing laws
and regulation5*, as lie may deem necessary to suppiess said
lebeihon and restore order, and to protect the lives and prop-
erty of all the loyal citizens within said districts; and all
the civil authorities within said district shall be bound to
carry said rules and regulations into effect.
Sue. 3. And be it fui thcr enacted, That if, fiom any cause
wli.uevei, the said civil authontics fail to execute the saul
mles and legnlations, the said military commander shall
cause them to be executed and enforced by the military
loices under his command.
Sec. 4. And be it fui I her enacted, Thatfjom and after the
publication ofthe proclamation heietofoie mentioned,.the
operation of the writ of habeas corpus shall be so far sus-
pended that no militaiy oflieei shall be compelled toietum
the body of any person oi persons detained by him by mili-
tary authority; but upon the certificate, under oath, by the
oilicei having chaige of anyone so detained, that such per-
son is detained by lum as a pusoner undermtlitaiy author-
ity, further proceedings, under the wiit of habeas corpus,
shall he. dismissed by the judge or court having issued the
said writ.
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That all person5: who,
after the publication oi said piociamation, shall be loumi
in auiw against the (Jmtcd States, or othei wise aiding and
abetting then enemies or opposeis, withm any district of
country to whi^h it i elates, and shall be taken by the torcea
ofthe United ^ues, shall be either detained as pusoners
for tual on the chaigeof treason oi sedition, oi othcrcrimes
and olTenses, winch they may have committed whilst re-„
sisting the authority ol the United States; or mav, accord-
ing to the ciicumstances ofthe casc,^ie at once placed be-
fou: <i court-mnitial, to be dealt with according to the rules
of war in respect to utioigamzed and lawless armed bands
not recognized as regular troops, or may be discharged on
parol not to seive against the United States, nor to aid
and abet then- enemies or oppoceis.
Sfc. 0. And be it jm thcr cnacted, That no sentence of
death pionounced by a court-martial upon any pcison or
persons taken in arms as aloicsaid, shall be executed be-
fote it has been submitted to the commander of the mili-
tary department within which the conviction has taken •
place, or to the Commanding General of the Airny of the
United States, who shall either approve of said judgment
ofthe court-martial or commute the sentence, or may dis-
charge or pardon the person so sentenced.
Si:c. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That all prisoners dis-
missed on parol, if retaken in arms, or found aiding and
abetting the enemies and opposers ofthe Government, shall
be placed bef'oie a court-mamal, and if identified and con-
victed by competent te>nmony, shall be ordered to sutler
death, or such other punishment a* said court may direct;
the said sentence to be submitted to the said Commanding
General or commander of the department as aiorc^aul.
See. . And be it further enacted, That any military com-
mander atoiesaid, m any distuct declared to be in a slato
of insurrection and war, may cause any person suspected
of disloyalty to the Government of the United States to be
brought betoie him, and may administer, or cause to be ad-
ministered, to such per&on an oath of allegiance, as follows :
Ki I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will suppoit, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution and Government of the
Uuifd States against all enemies, whether domestic oi
foreign, and that 1 will bear true faith and loyally to the
same, any ordinance or resolution of any State convention
oi Legislature to the contiary notwithstanding; andlurther,
that I do this with a full determination and pledge, with-
out any mental reservation or eva -ion whatevei: so help mo
God." And on their refusal to take such oath, they shall be
detained as prisoners until the restoration of quiet and peace
in the locality where such ariests may have been made.
And any poison having taken said oath who shall after-
wards be taken in arms against the Government, or found
aiding and abetting its enemies and opposets, shall be sub-
ject to the same punishment prescribed for thoMi who vio-
late their parol, as provided in the seventh section of this
act.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That all arms, aecou-
terments, horses, or movable effects whatever, taken fiom
armed men resisting the authoiity of the Government, or
taken fiom men aiding and abetting the enemies or oppo-
sets of the Government, shall, in time of insuricction and
rebellion, as aforesaid, be treated and held in the same
manner as propeity taken in war Irom foieigu enemies.
Sec. 1u. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in
the opinion of the Commanding General, or the commander
of any military department or military district, the neces-
sity for declaring a state of uismrection and war to exist
withm then respective, commands shall have ceased, such
decimation shall be publicly recalled, and all the powers
and authorities vested by this act in military commanders
and authorities shall likewise cease.
fcSnc!. H, And be it further enacted, That all felonies,
petit laicemcs, assaults and batteries, not piovided for in
