THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 33, 1861.
New Series No. 2!2.
the "Act for establishing rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the armies of the United States," approved April
10,1806, which may be committed by any officer, soldier,
sutler, retainer to the camp, washerwoman, or other per-
son employed in or about the columns, detachments, guards,
barracks, quartets, camps, or forts occupied by the troops of
the United States, upon the person or propeity of any other
officer, soldier,Mittrr, retamertothe camp, washerwoman,
or other petson employed in or about the Army as afoie-
said, which o^Ten«es, or any of them, if committed within
the United States m tnnc of peace, would be cognizablc
foetore the ordinary courts of law, shall, if committed he-
  yond the iuiisdiction of the United States, or in any part
of a State oi Tenifoiy of the United States in a state ot
insurrection or rebellion against the same, be tried and
punishable by a general court-martial: Provided. That no
foentenee rendered l>v such court shall be executed that is
not known to the ci uninal jurisprudence of at least some
one of the United States. -?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ^jesire Jo make some
verbal alterations in the sul%titu^5 before we pro-
ceed with the debate upon t|e dliestion. In sec-
tion seven, line five, 1 ask the words " by-
competent testimony," andtbtfso the words "he
ordered to," be stricken out; so that it shall read
"and if identified and convicted, shall suffer
death." Another verbal alteration is necessary in
the fifteenth line of the eighth section. The words
now are in the plural number, when what precedes
is in the singular. The word " their," after" he,"
should be stiicken out, and " his" inserted in its
place; and the word "they" should be stricken
out, and " he" inserted. The word "a" should
be inserted before "prisoners," in the sixteenth
line; and the word " prisoners" should be made
to read " prisoner." In the seventeenth line, the
letter "s" should be stricken out; so that the
word " arrests" will be "arrest." These amend-
ments merely put the section in the singularnum-
bcr, as tiie oath is provided for in the singular.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Unless objection be made, these
alterations will be considered as agreed to, with-
out taking: the vote.
Mr. POLK. I did not hear the firstalteration.
I should be glad to have it reported.
The Secretary. It is proposed, in section
seven, line five, to strike out the words "by com-
petent testimony, "and also the words " be ordered
to."
Mr. POLK. Unless it be the privilege of the
Senator to amend the bill in that way, I cannot
give my consent to that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have no objection to
allowing the words which I have moved to strike
out remain in the bill; but I thought it read better
without them. I supposed, of course, that the
party must be convicted on competent testimony.
If the Senator from Missouri thinks it better to
have those words in, I have no sort of objection
to allowing them to remain. I suppose, as a matter
of course, that when a party is tried and convicted,
it must be on competent testimony. I think the
sentence would read better by leaving out the
words, and that is the only reason why I pro-
posed the amendment. In regard to striking out
the other words, " be ordered to," 1 only moved
the amendment because it is an awkward expres-
sion to say " be ordered to suffer death." How-
ever, if the Senator from Missouri likes that
phraseology, I have no objection.
Mr. POLK. I prefer that the words "by com-
petent testimony "si lould remain; for it looks like
some regard to evidence in a bill which is cer-
tainly one of*the most extraordinary I have ever
known proposed in a deliberative body acting
under a written constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Docs the Senator object
to the proposed alteration?
Mr. POLK. 1 prefer that the words should
remain in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you objcct to striking
out the woids " be ordered to?"
Mr. POLK. I do not care about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to strike out
the words " be ordered to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this bill, in my judg-
ment, is a very important one, and perhaps the
most importantofany action which Congress may
22
take at its present session, I will, if I cap get the
attention of the Senate for a few moments, explain
what the object of this bill is. 1 wish to premise
by saying that I am as much for standing by the
Constitution of the country, and for putting down
this rebellion in a constitutional and legal way, as
any gentleman here. I will not yield to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] or any
other Senator, in my veneration for the Constitu-
tion of tlie United States. I will not wink at its
violation. I believe that that instrument was in-
tended by its framers to be perpetual. I believe
it contains all the power necessary to suppress
even this gigantic rebellion; and the objectof this
bill is to confer the necessary powef on the mili-
tary authorities, in cases of insurrection and re-
bellion, te suppress them, and to regulate, as far
as practicable, by law the exercise of thosfe powers.
The object of the bill is to provide for putting
down rebellion in a constitutional and legal mau-
ner.
The present insurrection broke out during the
recess of Congress, and the President was com-
pelled to provide as best he could for the preser-
vation of the Government until Congress should
meet. It was the duty of the President—sworn
to take care t'hat the laws be faithfully executed—
to use all his constitutional powers to preserve
the Constitution and the Government from over-
throw; and in doing this, 1 admit—and the Sen-
atois who have denounced the President for the
acts which he has done may have the full benefit
of the admission—that the Executive has been
compelled to do, and has done, acts for which it
may be difficult to find, in the strict letter of the
law, the authority; but, sir, that I am ready to
justify. This was necessary when Congress
'had not assembled; but after Congress convenes,
clothed with the power to grant whatever author-
ity may be necessary to ciush rebellion,! say we
shall be derelict 111 our duty if wc leave our posi-
tions here without having regulated by law the
action of the Executive. There can be no excuse
for the Executive, when Congress meets, in ex-
ercising questionable authority, and we should
not ask him to do it; but we should use the high
powers vested in us to clothe the Executive with
all the authority which may bo necessary to pre-
serve the Governnftnt. That is what is intended
by this bill.
Let me lie distinctly understood on that point.
I justify the President in the exercise of the au-
thority which he has used upon the great prin-
ciple (as was said the other day by my colleague)
of self-defense. Here was a rebellion aiming at
the overthrow of the Government; a blow was
about to be struck at the very heart and life of
the Republic; and unless warded off, it would
have destroyed the Government. Under such
circumstances, I justify and sustain the Govern-
ment in doing whatever was necessary to pre-
serve it till Congress could be assembled. When
we do assemble, there is a duty incumbent upon
us; and it is, in my judgment, to provide by law
for the putting down of this rebellion.
By reference to the Constitution, it will be found
that various powers are conferred oil Congress.
I will read some of them, for it is under these
grants of power that I claim the authority for the
bill which is now under consldeiation. The
Constitution provides that " Congress shall have
power" " to declare war," " to make rules con-
cerning captures on land and water," to " raise
and support armies," 44 to make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces," " to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insur-
rections, and repel invasions;" and it further
declares that Congress shall have authority " to
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
and all other powers vested by this Constitution
in the Government of theUnited States, orin any
department or officer thereof." It also provides
that the privilege of the writof/ireiieos corpus may
be suspended in cases of rebellion or invasion,
whenever the public safety requires it.
Under these various grants of power I derive
the authority for the bill in question. When au-
thority is given to declare war, and when authority
is given to call forth the militia to enforce thelaws
of the Union and to put down insurrection, all the
incidents necessary to the successful prosecution
of the war to accomplish the ends for which it is
declared, all the incidents necessary to the sup-
pression of the rebellion to put down which your
militia is called forth, necessarily follow. You
will observe the language of the Constitution ia
not that Congress may declare war against foreign
nations, nor is it necessary that Congress should,
in so many words, proclaim a declaration of war;
it is enough if Congress does that which recog-
nizes the existence of hostilities, and then all the
incidents follow connected with the declaration of
war. When the Constitution gives authority to
call forth the militia for the purpose of enforcing
the laws of the Union, it is not a meaningless au-
thority; it does not moan that the militia is called
forth for a mere display; but.theyare called forth
to accomplish the object for which the Constitu-
tion authorizes them to be called out; and that
object is to put down the rebellion—to enforce the
laws of the Union; and whatever authority it may
be necessary to exercise to accomplish that object,
I say your militia and your Army may lawfully
exercise. If it be necessary to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, if it be necessary to ravage the
country and plunder towns, if it be necessary to
slay persons, to search houses, to do anything
that men in time of war may do, then that au-
thority is given in the Constitution. And when
the war1>egins,when the Army is called forth to
the field, it is not to wait for the operation of the
courts; your habeas counts cannot interfere with
it. It is the exercise of the military power—the
great power which is placed under the control of
Congress, and authorized to he callcd out to put
down rebellion. When the Constitution author-
ized the calling out of the troops to put down
rebellion, did it, not mean that you should put
it down by force? Did it mean anything else?
And all the powers necessary to accomplish this
object necessarily follow from this one grant of
power. You will find, by reference to the works
upon international law, that it is laid down by all
writers that whenever an insurrection assumes
such formidable proportions as to be recognized
by the Government, and whenever the civil au-
thority is unable to put it down and the military
is called out, then all the incidents which, accord-
ing to the laws of nations, may be done by an
army, follow your Army called out for that
purpose.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
decided this very question; and as much of the
reasoning of the court is applicable, as I think,
to the condition of things now in the country, I
will, if the Senate will bear with me, read two or
three pages of the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, delivered in the case of Lu-
ther i>s. Borden and others, in 1849, reported in 7
Howard. The reasoning of the court here, it
seems to me, is conclusive, so far as we need ju-
dicial authority; but I do not think it would be
necessary. I think the Constitution itself is plain,
and that whatever is inconsistent with the putting
down of this rebellion, according to the mode of
civilized warfare, is overridden by the_grant of
power to the Government to call forth its forces
to put it down. In this case, in the opinjpn of the
couit, the Chief Justice says:
" Tiie fourth section of tiie fourth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides that the United States
shrill guaoinlj tu every State m the Union a lepublican
torm el' eowHiimeut, and siinii pioteet eaeli of them against
invasion; and on tile application of the Legislature, oi of
the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened.) against domestic violence.
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests witti Con-
gress to decide what government is the established one in
a State ; for as the United States guaranty to eaeli Slate a
lepubliean government. Confess mu=t necessauiy decide
what government is established in the State betore it can
determine whether it is icpiibiican or not. And when the
Senators anil Representatives of a State are admitted into
the councils of the Union, the authority of the government
under whieli they ate appointed, as well as its republican
