840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
gorttdition and necessities of ^ar. It might be
called a peace right. The distinction must be ob-
served between the laws of peace and the neces-
sary ltfw of war. Martial Jaw, or the necessary
law of war, is .well defined by an eminent writer,
00 what is cailed'the English constitution, thus:
- "The law of war, that depends xipon the jnst bnt arbi-
trary power and pleasure of the king, or his lieutenant; for
though the King doth wot make any laws but by the com-
mon consent in Parliament; yet, in time of war, by reason
of the necessity of it, to guard against dangers that often
fcr-ise, lie useth absolute power, so that his word iaa law."
The definition is exact, and is as applicable to
the United States as it was to Great Britain. If
martial law is a power that belongs to our Gov-
ernment, the right to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus is included in it as the minor is included
in the major. It is a fact that martial law may and
does supersede the power of judges, and all but
the executive and military authorities of the Gov-
ernment. It is, therefore, an established rule of
law that the writ of habeas corpus does not run
against a prisoner of war*, and it has been so held
in England by the greatest judges, and without
question, When a petition is presented to a court
in Great Britain for the writ, and it appears that
the person is held as a prisoner of war, no matter
under what circumstances, no matter whether
justly or unjustly, whenever the fact appears from
the petition or icturn, the judges do not entertain
the question. In other words, they hold that the
writ cannot be sued out in favor of any prisoner
of war.
I will call the attention of the Senate to two
well-considered English authorities. The case of
a Swedish Bailor, in 2 Barrows, 765, is one in
which the petition showed that a Swede, on his
way from Sweden to England, was captured by
the French, and forced by them into the French
service. The French ship was afterward captured
by an English vessel, and he was taken as a pris-
oner of war to England. It was admitted that he
was a subject of a Government at peace with
Great Britain; that while on board the French
ship he was under duress; that there was no just
cause for his confinement. The court neverthe-
less say:
" Ir appears that th« petitioner Is a prisoner of war; and
this appearing, the application for the writ must bo de-
nied."
The same question came up while Sir William
Blackstone was on the bench, and is reported as
the case of the three Spanish sailors in the second
volume of his reports. The court being informed
that the petitioners were detained as prisoners of
war, it was held that the writ would not run.
Now, those cases happened in England, where
the right to the writ of habeas coiyus Is as much
respected and held as sacred as it ever has been
in any part of the United States. All our legisla-
tion has been had wiih the understanding that
such was the jaw. When a party is seized by
virtue of the war power, or for violating the rules
and articles of war, and he becomes subject to a
military inquiry and <i trial by court-martial, the
military court has complete jurisdiction; and, with
us, it has this jurisdiction by express authority of
statute. This jurisdiction cannot be interfered
with. There is no superior jurisdiction, except
in a superior department of the same jurisdiction.
1 will read a single paragraph of the articles of
war:
"Aht. LVt. Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with
money, victuals, or ammunition, or shall knowingly harbor
<>i pioieet an enemy, tdml! softer death, or s>ut:h other pun-
ishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a eomt-
mai tial."
Ilerc is the jurisdiction given; and the com-
plaints that have been made to the military de-
partment,s in Maryland and to the President have
been, as I understand it, for offenses of this kind.
If an officer in command may organize a court-
martial having jurisdiction over the party and the
subject-matter, what authority is there to ques-
tion the incidental power of detention? My im-
pression is that the difficulty in the ease in which
the distinguished Chief Justice of the United States
wrote his opinion, grew out of the fact that the
return was not made to meet the exact question.
I am not certain about this; but, from my recol-
lection of the return, 1 am quite confident that I
am correct.
I hold, then, that when we are at war with a
domestic or foreign foe, the power that is admin-
istering the Government at the time, whether
legislative or executive, has the right to declare
martial law; and that in any particular instance,
having seized a prisoner as a public enemy, the
judge who is clothed with authority to administer
the law between citizens in time of peace, has no
lawful authority to deliver the prisoner from mil-
itary custody. This martial law, or necessary
law of war, has its foundation in what may be
called necessity,but which I think may be better
stated as that great and universal law which grows
out of the right of self-preservation or self-de-
fense. All organized living tilings have that right
by force of the most primary and fundamental
law. When men undertake to organize institu-
tions, their effort is to imitate life as near as pos-
sible; and self-preservation is the first law of all
life, all life in rtature and all organized works of
human thought and action designed to live, higher
than constitutions, for it is necessarily implied
in all constitutions or institutions framed to con-
tinue; in everything that man has made to live,
as well as alt that God has created with life. I
differ with the honorable Senator from Illinois,
and I agree with the Senator from Virginia t that the
President has not gone beyond the exercise of his
legitimate power—I will not call it his constitu-
tional power; I will call it the power which be-
longs to him as a part of the vital power of the
Government.
Mr. President, I am not disposed to occupy the
time of the Senate ingoing into a discussion of
the other questions that have been raised here by
gentlemen who are assailing the Administration.
I think there is no value in any such discussion.
For myself, however, I will protest against these
assaults being continued on this floor. If these
assailants be really what they affirm themselves
to bo, friends of the Republic, they must know
by this time that they have been doing the work
of enemies. If they are in fact enemies, favoring
at heart the dissolution and destruction of the
Republic, they are doing their work well.
Now, as defining more particularly my position
on the general question of the Union and its in-
tegrity, Lwish to say this : if I believed that we,
in solemn conclave, in this body, or any body we
might organize, could frame a convention with
the«e men who are in arms against this Govern-
ment, whereby, dividing the slave from the free
States, we could secure permanent peace, 1 would
regard such a consummation woi thy of our consid-%
oration; but no man who has read history, no
man who understands the conditions and relations
of our people, but must know that any such con*
vention would be a contract for a continuous war
until one side or the other should bo subjugated—
[ might more justly say destroyed, l^m not will-
ing to, I will not, leave such a war as a legacy to
my children. I intend to see it settled in my day;
I shall do my utmost to see it settled as promptly
as possible; and I say every corisideiation of hu-
manity, every consideration of policy, I may say
further, every consideration of economy, demands
that the work in which we are now engaged
should be prosecuted with all the power and all
the expedition within the command of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, 1 propose to
say a few wordsupon the hill now before the Sen-
ate; and I will ptemise by stating my views of the
powers of this Government. 1 think the general
power of this Government is now ample for its
protection in every direction. There are two
classes of powers. There is a class, which may
be called simple powers, which play, upon the
citizen,and which are for the protection of society.
There is another class, that lias been frequently
designated,and very properly too, the war power
of this Government, existing in it, and in every
other Government, inherently, and is no more
nor less, I take it, than the right of self-defense
upon a great scale. That war power plays upon
enemies, not upon citizens, and is, therefore,
without the domain of consul utional or municipal
legislation. They not being within it, have no
right to appeal to it; and, of course, it may be ab-
solute, and is absolute, to all intents and pur-
poses.
Now, the war power of this Government, and
the power that it has to resist its enemies and to
punish them, is quite as ample, I apprehend, as
that of any other nation upon the earth; and the
objection I have to this bill is, that itattempts, in
tho first place, to give shape to that power, to
reenact it, and put it upon the statute-book in, I
think, a very objectionable shape.' If this bill
confers no war po\ycr that the Government has
not already, then itis useless; and if it does confer
more than absolute power, it becomes an ab-
surdity.
The first section of the bill declares that the Pres-
ident, orxhe commanding officer of a special mili-
tary district, shall declare by proclamation when
that district is in a state of insurrection. I must
confess I do not see any purpose to be attained by
that provision. When a district is in a state of
insurrection, it will certainly be so notorious that
everybody will know it. When it is in an insur-
rection violent and extensive enough to prevent
the laws from1 being executed by the ordinary
constabulary force of the government, it will not
be necessary that any proclamation should be
issued in order to declare it to the people.
But the section which follows declares that the
commander of the district, after making this proc-
lamation—- ^
"Shall make and publish such police rules and regular
lions, eonfonmng as nearly as may be to previously existing
laws and lobulations, as he may deem necessaiy to sup-
pieos said rebellion,*' Sec.
Now, as I said before, the war power is ample
for tho purpose of suppressing rebellion, ample
for the purpose of punishing those in opposition
to the Government—unquestionably so, because
it is absolute. What right, if you please, sir, has
a rebel to appeal to the Constitution and to the
law ? What right has he to invoke, if you please,
the aid of the habeas corpus law? The moment
that he sets himself in antagonism to the Govern-
ment, the moment he stands without the Con-
stitution and the laws, repudiating them, ho is
estopped from making any appeal to them, and he
is then to be dealt with by the general power of
the Government, that is the war power, and to
be dealt with according as its notions of human-
ity, of civilization, and its obedience to the law
ot this nation, will demand.
There are two ways, in cases of civil war, by
which a rebel maybe treated. If the insurrection
has attained to such dimensions as by the laws of
nations to make it war between the rebellion and
the regularly organized Government, then, by that
same law, the rebel is to be treated as a prisoner
of war, the same as though he were a soldier of a
foreign Power, taken in arms against the Govern-
ment. On the other hand, having been a citizen,
and having foresworn his allegiance, having cut
the tie which bound him to the Government, and
by virtue of which he had a right at one time to
appeal to its Constitution and laws for protection,
he may be treated by the Government as a traitor,
and may be tried for treason.
Then there are two classes of people in a civil
war of this kind who are to be considered—rebels
and citizens. The citizen is entitled to the laws
of his country as they now exist, if they can be
administered;the rebel unentitled to nothing. If a
military commander then can take possession of a
district, and can make police rules and regulations
—if he has the authoi ity to do that, and has power
to enforce and execute them, I do not sec why he
cannot enforce and execute the existing laws in
such a district. The constabulary of the district
| and the magistrates of the district may refuse to
j aid him in this office; but still, even if they do, it
I will not require him to make new rules and regu-
i lations, or m other words, to make new laws for
I the government of the people. He will know
I without any rules and regulations how to treat
I rebels, I trust, if lie takes them in arms, or if he
1 takes them in such positions that he can show
they are in complicity with the rebellion.
Again, these rules and regulations which he is
authorized by this bill to make, will not be ne-
cessary for the protection of the lives and prop-
erty of the loyal citizens of the district, because
he is there with his military command for that
purpose. He is there with armed men coming
and going at his beck and bidding, and they will
be effectual for that, rather than rules and regu-
lations.
The subsequent section I have no objection to,
although I think it declares that which amounts
to nothing at all.
The fourth section I consider exceedingly mis-
chievous:
"That ftom and after the publication of the proclamation
heretotoie mentioned, the operation of the writ of habeas
corpus shall be so far suspended, that no military otn6er
