1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W4X
shall lie compelled to return the body of any person or per-
sons detained by hiui by military authority."
Now, Mr. President, laying aside the question as
to whether the executive officer,of this nation has
a right to«uspend the privilege of the writof/ia6eas
corpus formally, I think it perfectly clear that he
has the right to suspend it practically. When a
neighborhood is in rebellion, the loyal and dis-
loyal all mingled together—men in open rebellion
and men in secret complicity—officers, in attempt-
ing to suppress the rebellion, \frhich they have a
right to do, may, it is very true, often make mis-
takes. It is one of the incidents which follow;
one of the wickednesses, indeed, of a rebellion is
that such instances do follow it. They may take
innocent men; but it is perfectly clear that they
have the same right to take a man in rebellion,
in open arms—wearing the uniform, if you please,
of this confederacy—or if he is proved to be in
secret complicity with the rebellion, that they
have to take prisoners of war. The person taken,
in effect, is a prisoner of war at the option of this
Government. He is either a prisoner of war, to
be treated as such; or a felon, to be tried, con-
victed, and condemned for treason.
Mr. President, taking a prisoner of war, whether
it be a foreign soldier taken upon our soil with arms
in his hands, or a citizen of our own who has cut
himself away from the Government and severed
his allegiance, is precisely the same thing. No-
body ever supposed it was necessary to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus in order to justify the
military for such a proceeding. I take it, then,
if Congress be not in session in time of icbellion
or insurrection, that the President has full and
ample authority to proceed, under the laws giving
him the means of proceeding, as far as they may
!>e enacted at that time, in order to suppress this
rebellion, to arrest these people who are known
to be rebels, or those who are suspected to be
rebels, by the military authority—honestly sus-
pected to be so, not for tyrannical purposes, but
believing them to be dangerous, and to hold them
until this Congress assembles; but, eo inslanti
upon the assembling of Congress, if there be a
question of the writ of habeas corpxis, or of the
privilege conferred by it, then that power falls into
the lap of this body, and is to be exercised by it.
If the writ is to be suspended, if it becomes neces-
sary to suspend it, then it should be suspended
formally by this body; and it should be suspend-
ed, not indefinitely, not for all time, not to be
brought into play again by the word of a military
commander, but it should be suspended definitely,
and for a fixed and definite time, and be furnished,
at the same time, with all the guards which could
be thrown around it.
Then, sir, I am opposed to this section giving
anybody authority to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus formally, cxcept the Con-
gress of the United States. I allow that the Pres-
ident, by virtue of his war power, may arrest peo-
ple who are in arms against this Government, and
that he is not bound, or his officer is not bound,
to obey the wi it of habeas corpus in such case any
more than if they had arrested a foreign soldier
upon our soil they would be bound to obey it.
Nobody pretends that in such a case they would
be bound to obey the writ.
The next section, perhaps, contains the ques-
tion of the most difficulty now before the Con-
gress of the United States. A rebel, clearly and
Clistinctly, without doubt, has no right to the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus. He has 110 right
to be tried by our laws, except by the option of
the Government. He has no other rights than
those of 11 foreign soldier taken in war against us.
But the loyal and disloyal are commingled to-
gether, anil it may so happen that loyal men may
be arrested, and may be detained by virtue of this
power, the commanding officer supposing them
to be hostile to the country; and there is thepomt
at which I think we should intervene for the pur-
pose of relieving the President of that difficulty,
and should deteimine it by referring them to the
pioper tribunals of the State or district within
which they were taken.
Again, a very great difficulty may occur there,
because even the judicial tribunals may be sus-
pected, may have'lost the confidence of the loyal
men of the country. There is difficulty environ-
ing us everywhere. I think, therefore, this sub-
ject should be approached with great considera-
tion. and treated with great care.
The other sections do nothing more, as I stated
in the outset, than attempt to give shape and form
to this indefinite, absolute war power whioii the
Government has already, and has as amply as
any statute could give it; and I rather incline to
agree with the Senator from Virginia, that there
is not much virtue in compelling people to take
oatlis in order to make them loyal. We know
the manner in which some oaths have com'e to be
considered in this country. Custom-house oaths
are in the mouths of everybody, and in the hearts
of nobody, as a general thing. However, if there
be any virtue which can be appealed to in this
way, and which can be strengthened, I have no
objection to that enactment.
But the ninth section is one to which I have a
very serious objection, and involves the same dis-
tinction to which I have before alluded. That
section is in these words:
"Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all arms ac-
coiuermcnts, horses, hr movable effects whatever, taken
from armed men resisting the authority of the Govern-
ment. or taken fiom men'aidnig and abetting the enemies
or opposers of the Government, shall, in time of insurrec-
tion and rebellion, as aforesaid, be treated and held in the
same manner a& property taken 111 war from foreign ene-
mies."
Now, there is 110 doubt that can be done, so far as
armed men resisting the authority of the Govern-
ment are concerned; but who is to determine who
are the men aiding and abetting 111 this rebellion?
Is the military commander to go into a farm-yard
and to decide that the owner of that farm is aiding
and abetting this rebellion, and therefore he will
ride away with his horse and drive off his sheep,
his cows, his hogs, and his oxen? I think not.
I think that i-! a power not to be intrusted to any
military commander anywhere. The exercising
of it would be very great difficulty. 1 should
very much prefer confining the authority as the
war power confines it. Let it be confined to the
men in Jlagranlc bcllo—the men taken in arms;
and, as to ilie others, unless they should be too
numerous, let them be tieated by the laws now
upon our statute-book punishing offenses against
the Government.
The last section is, I presume, intended to he
an addition to the articles of war. Congress has
the right to make rules and articles for the gov-
ernment of the men who are within the Army and
the Navy, as a matter of course. Those rules
and articles are read to them, and they hear them.
Officers swear to them; they have full notice of
them; and however tyrannical they may be, how-
ever arbitrary they may be, or however severe
they may be, nobody has a right to complain of
them, because there is full notice in the outset. I
have no special objection to make to this last sec-
tion if those who are much wiser than I am on
these subjects think it ncccssary for the govern-
ment of our Army.
I hope, therefore, that the whole bill, except
perhaps the last section, will bo thrown out, and
for another and general reason: I would not put
a single additional statute of this kind upon our
books at this time, and that for many reasons.
The civil war with which the country is now af-
flicted, in my opinion, Mr. President, is to be met
by war, and by war it is to be ended. It is not
to he helped out of existence by multiplying the
criminal statutes upon our books, it must be
met, and conquered—if conquered it can be—-by
the strong arm of the nation; and if the nation
has it once within its contiol, then wc have laws
enough already. These enoctments, passed in-
considerately—passed in a time of heat and high
excitement—may afterward she rat her monuments
of folly, than laws that will be of use in the gov-
ernmentof the country. Therefore, upon general
principles, I feel disposed to go against them all;
even where they might otherwise be supposed to
be unobjectionable. This one will make us no
better than we wore before, and may make us a
great deal worse; and I hope it will notbe passed.
I am exceedingly sorry to differ with the majority
of the committee who reported it, but being con-
strained to do so by my sense of duty, I have felt
obliged, in my own feeble way, to say what I
have said against its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the proposed amendment to strike out
the eighth section ?
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, this bill in-
volves veiy giave questions, and is, in my judg-
ment, entirely subversive of the Federal Consti-
tution; and I should like to make some remarks
on this particular section, in order to show that
such is the effect of the whole bill. The object
or purpose of the honorable Senator who intro-
duced it, or the committee who reported it, is a
very different question. I differ with them as to
the effect of the bill, and would like to show why
I think it exceedingly dangerous to the personal
liberties and rights of every citizen of the United
States; and also that it is entirely unnecessary for
the purpose of carrying on this war with the se-
ceded States. If there be no objection, I will
move its postponement until to-morrow at one
o'clock, or any other hour the Senate may prefer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rise to say any-
thing about the bill, but merely to suggest that
we ought now to dispose of the business before
us. 1 have no objection to action on the bill now;
my own mind is'made up about it; but if it is to
be postponed until to-morrow, I hope it will be
postponed for good and all—indefinitely.
Mr. BAYAllD. I have no objection to that.
That would be the wisest course.
Mr. FESSENDEI^ Let us act upon it, at any
rate. We do not want it postponed at this very
late period of the session, so thatit may be brought
up at any time to interfere with other business.
Mr. BAYARD. I am willing to agres to that,
although I should like to state my objections to it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine, that the best disposition to malte
of this bill is to postpone it, and postpone it, as
he says, for good and all. If there is a serious
intention to pass it, at some time before the vote
is taken I may briefly express my opposition to
it. I content myself now with saying, that it
appears to me to combine, in eleven sections,
everything most atrocious which has been resisted,
fought against, and trampled down by a free peo-
ple for the last five hundred years;and thatl think
the introduction of such a bill into the American
Senate is the most gloomy commentary we could
have upon the degenerate character of the times.
If, however, the bill is to be postponed indefinitely,
I desire to say no more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the motion to postpone
is agreed to, I do not want it to be understood, as
I believe the Senator from Maine desires, that it
is to be a final disposition of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I said was, not
that I was in i'avrtr of postponing it indefinitely;
but if postponed at all, I hoped it wQuld be in-
definitely. I do not want to see it again. I want
it finished. However, I am free to say, that with
my present impressions, I shall vote against the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to get action upon
it at as early a day as possible, and if the objcct
in postponing it until to-morrow is to defeat it, I
shall object to the postponement.
Now, a single word in regard to what the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has said about this bill being
such a monstrous one. I should like to know if
there is anything in that bill that has not been
(Tone by the executive authority before the bill
was introduced? The Senator says such a mon-
strous thing lias not been done for five hundred
years. Is this bill anything more than clothing
the executive authority with the very power they
have been exercising out of the necessity of the
case ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator desires
an answer, I will undertake to show, if this dis-
cussion goes on, that, unconstitutional and illegal
as in my opinion have been many acts of the
executive authority during these troubles, yet this
bill goes very far beyond anything the executive
authority has undertaken to exercise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that the bill,
in its details, is in the best shape that it could be.
I think it an important one; and I think it very
important that some bill of this character should
pass before Congress adjourns. I do not agree
at all with the Senator from Maine that a bill of
this kind should be postponed until the next ses-
sion. I should think Congress was very derelict
ill its duty, in this great crisis in the country's
affairs, if we %vere to adjourn leaving everything
at loose ends, and without clothing the executive
authority with the necessary power to suppress
