1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
enter the Narrows at New Y -k. I havenodoubt
about it.
As to its being a failure, I think my friend from
Maine, if he was not so very much prejudiced
against this battery, if he would only look at it—
he was at my house a few minutes, but disdained
to cast his eye at it, and so with my friend from
Iowa—I am sure those gentlemen would change
their minds, and be satisfied that this was the
greatest invention ever made in our country for
the protection of our ports.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from New
Jersey has alluded to Commodore Gregory, it is
due to him that I should say that he did not vol-
unteer any expression of opinion on this subject.
It so happens that for two or three years I have
been in the habit of reading everything that I have
seen or come across anywhere on the. subject of
iron-clad ships; and on my way hither recently,
from my residence in the West, I sought all the
information I could when in the city of New York
and in Brooklyn on this subject. Whilst at the
Brooklyn navy-yard, I came'across Commodore
Gregory. I had understood that he was the last
officer, of the Navy who had been connected with
the superintendency of this ship.
Mr. THOMSON. That is a mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. I certainly so understood; I
think from him, but perhaps not. In answer to
inquiries that I addressed to him, knowing some-
thing about the method in which these ships had
been built elsewhere, and the experiments that
had-been made on the continent of Europe and in
England, his conclusion was that it was of very
little value to the Government, and he thought
would never be able to float. He thought it would
never get as far as the Narrows.'
Mr.McDOUGALL. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, my attention was called
to this matter sometime since; and while I prob-
ably am not as well advised as the Sonator from
Iowa and other gentlemen as to naval architecture
or the service ships may do at sea, upon bestow-
ing on this particular tiling all the attention that
my time permitted, with all the knowledge I have
of matters of that kind, I was strongly impressed
with the idea that this might be a great success.
The Senator from Iowa speaks of the opinions
of men connected with the naval service. There
are a class of men, both in the Army and Navy,
who are opposed to everything in the way of
progress, and particularly everything that is more
destructive than the implements in use a thousand
years ago. I think that has prevented our ad-
vancement in the machinery of war. I am satis-
lied that it lias done so for years past; and I think
one of the difficulties we labor under now is that
wo have not yet adopted oven the improvements
that are recognized in Europe, and well under-
stood among men of science in this country. All
that is proposed, at most, although that is not
proposed, is that an experiment be tried. The
experiment is to be passed upon by a commission
of scientific men—1 suppose men .selected for the
highest science. 1 would rather defer to such a
committee for a matter of this kind than to any
committee of the Senate or House of Represent-
atives; and there can be no, expenditure until they
have ascertained whether, upon scientific princi-
ples, the expenditure of money in completing this
floating battery will secure success.
I think that at this time we ought not to bo
tender-footed about trying to place ourselves on
the best war footing. This shin is not intended
to go off cruising in distant seas; but I understand
that she can be made serviceable all along the
coast of the country anywhere, where she can be
within ten days, or fivu days, or six days, of a
port where she can coal. She eau be made use-
ful, if required in the harbor of New Orleans, if
required in the harbor of Charleston, as well as
in the harbor of New York. .Theie is no ques-
tion but that she can cruise along from one end
of the country to the other on the Atlantic side;
and as this is simply, at most, to try and see
whether the experiment can be made a success,
and it is to be placed in the hands of scientific
men, I do not see the objection to it at this time,
when wc require all the strength we can bring
into the service.
Mr. BRECKINRID'GE, I regret to observe
these disagreements, sir. It seems to me that the
chief opposition to this report comes from gentle-
men from tlio Northwest, who, from their interior
position, do nothappen to take that interest in the
Navy which they ought; and from gentlemen from
New England who have an idea that nothing can
be conccived or perfected outside of that latitude.
I ought to except the Senator who reported this
amendment; but, however, he lives inland, and
therefore is to be excused.
Now, sir, I know nothing of this. I have heard
of it ever since I was in the House of Represent-
atives seven or eight years ago. I have never seen
the vessel; I'have never seen anybody that ever
did see it; but, in the present plethoric condition
of the Treasury, and prosperous state of the
country, I cannot see much objection to experi-
menting to the tune of $800,000, just to see whether
steel-clad or iron-clad steamers can resist solid
shot. If it turns out that they can, we shall have
demonstrated that which no other nation in the
world has been able to "demonstrate; and I think
we may well throw a little of our surplus in that
direction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, ilreekintidgp, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doolitlle, Toot, Hale, Hartis, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, 1'omcioy, l'owell, Sauls-
Imrv, Simmons, Ton Evck, and Thomson—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Bingham, Hrownine, Carlile, Clark,
Fesscnden, Foster, Grimes, Ilailan, Howe, Morrill. Sher-
man, Sunnier, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wihnot, and Wilson
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me, to make a personal
explanation before the Senate adjourns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can do it when the
Senate is full.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Mf-srs. IWnnhnrn, Biowmng, Carhle, Clark,
Fesscildcn, foot, Fos-toi, Uumes, Ham-, Morrill, Powell,
SiuiKlmry, Sherman, Simmons, Tuunbuil, and VVilmot—
10.
NAYS—Mcs-iis. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hale, n.iiUu, Iloive, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane ol Kan-
sas. McDougall, f'onieioy, Sumner, Tea lOyck, Thomson,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—J7.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenatere-
fuses to adjourn; but there is no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
entertain no motion of that description while a
quorum is absent.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 30, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Ilev. Dr. Uuddingtom, of Brooklyn, New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BALTIMORE POLICE COMMISSIOXEitS.
The SPEAKER. laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
response to the resolution of the House of the
24th instant, asking the grounds, reasons, and
evidence upon which the police commissioners of
Baltimore were arrested and arc now detained
prisoners at Fort MeHenry, stating that it is
judged to be incompatible with the public interest
to furnish said information; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the message was ordered to be printed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agiecd to,
ADDITIONAL HEVEXUE BILL.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the consent of the House
to say that if I hod been present yesterday I
should have voted m the affirmative on the pas-
sage of the tax bill. I was unavoidably absent
in the city of New York.
PUNISHMENT OF CONSPIRACIES. "
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 45, to
define and punish certain conspiracies, with the
amendment of the Senate thereto, and with the
recommendation that the amendment of the Sen-
ate be concurred in.
The amendment provides for striking out, after
the word "imprisonment," the words "solitary
or social, and.
The amendment was concurred in.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee oh Military
Affairs, reported a bill to increase the number of
cadets in the Military Academy at West Point;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. OLIN. I wish that the bill may now be
put on its passage. I think there is not a single
member of the House who shall listen to the read-
ing of the bill, and who understands the existing
condition of things at the Military Academy, but
will vote for the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
the bill until it has been read.
Mr. OLIN. I ask, then, that the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that there shall
bo added to the corps of cadets of the Military
Academy at West Point n number equal to the
number of Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, to bo selected from the States on the recom-
mendation of the Representatives, as prescribed
by former laws; provided, that when districts shall
ncglect or refuse to send Representatives to Con-
gress, the President shall have power to fill va-
cancies in the corps of cadets corresponding to
the representation in such districts. That all ca-
dets now in the service, or hereafter entering the
Military Academy at West Point, shall be called
on to take and subscribe to the following oath;
" I, A B, do solemnly swear that 1 will support
the Constitution of the United States, and bear
true allegiance to the national Government; that
1 will maintain and defend the sovereignty of the
United States paramount to any and all allegiance,
sovereignly, or fealty I may owe to any State,
county, or country whatsoever; and that I will,
at all times, obey the legal orders of my superior
officers, and the rules and articles governing the
armies of the United States;" and any cadct or
candidate for admission who shall refuse to take
this oath, shall be dismissed or rejected from the
service. That any graduate of the United States
Military Academy at West Point who shall at
anytime hereafter take up arms against the United
States, shall be deemed guilty of desertion, and
upon conviction shall suffer death. That when
cadets arc found deficient in their studies or duties,
they shall be dismissed, unless otherwise recom-
mended by the academic board.
Mr. OLIN. The provision of this bill, it will
he seen, allows each member of Congress to nom-
inate another cadet to the Military Academy at
West Point, and further providing that in districts
that shall not he represented in the House the
President may fill, on his own nomination, the
vacancies so created.
It contains another provision which authorizes
the administering of an oath to every cadet who
may be proposed for admission into the Acad-
emy, that they will bear true allegiance to the
United States; and further providing that when
educated at the Military Academy at West Point,
and having taken that oath, whether he be an offi-
cer of the Army, or, having resigned his commis-
sion in the Army and retired to civil life, if he
\ takes up arms against the Government of the Uni-
1 ted States, lie shall be deemed a deserter, and,
| upon conviction, sulTer death. It further contains
| a provision authorizing the administration of an
I oath to every man that enters the service of the
| United States Army, toJbear true allegiance to the
I United States Government. These are, substan-
| tially, the provisions of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish, with the consent of
! the gentleman, to ask a single question.
I Mr. OLIN. In a moment. I his bill, as I un-
! derstand it, will have the effect only just about to
! fill up the Academy to the ordinary number of
cadets that usually compose the full number in
I this school. The House is probably aware that
I there have already been graduated two classes
during the present year, and that it is proposed
I graduate another class before the expiration of
