1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellabarger,
Sherman, Sloan, John B. Steele, Benjamin P. Thomas,
Train, Trowbridge, Vandever, Wall, Wallace,YVasliburnc,
Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Windoin, and Wood
—7D.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the hill was ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
Mr. OLIN demanded the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question otdered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SPAULD1NG. A resolution was sent to
the Senate some time since, fixing the day for
adjournment, now passed. I ask if it is in order
to olfer a resolution now, fixing a day of ad-
journment?
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is in order.
Mr. SPAULDING offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Re^oh'cd hy the Xante and House of Representatives, That
the Purulent of the Senate :iml the Speaker of the House
of Representatives bo authemzed to close the present ses-
sion by adjourning their lespeetive Houses ou Friday, the
2d day of August wvt, at twelve oVloek, m.
Mr. SPAULDING moved to rcconsider the
vote by which the resolution w^is adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of the com-
mittees for reports.
INCREASE OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for a temporary increaso
of midshipmen in the Naval Academy.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ENGLISH. The act of 1848, establishing
the Naval Academy, limited the number of mid-
shipmen to four hundred and sixty-four, allowing
two to each member of the then Congress. The
act made no provision for an increase of the num-
ber of members of this House. By the admission
of new States and Terntories, there have been
taken from the allotment of the old members, six-
teen from the present loyal Stales; henee creating
sixteen vacancies among the districts of the loyal
States. The division of the four hundred and
sixty-four members of the Academy is as follows:
the loyal States arc entitled, under the act of 1848,
to three hundred and thirty-six members; and the
disloyal States to one hundred and twenty-eight
members. In the one hundred and twenty-eight
appointments to which the disloyal States are en-
titled in the Naval School, there are one hundred
and seven vacancies.
There are thirteen members entitled to exam-
ination next September, but it is very doubtful
whether or not they will appear. Hence it is fair to
assume that there will be at least one hundred and
twenty vacancies from the disloyal States. And
there are now sixteen vacancies in the loyal States,
inconsequence of that number being taken from
the old States to enable new States to participate
in the distribution under the act of 1848. It is
proposed by the bill to make an increase of one
to each member of the present Congress, and the
operation of that bill is limited to the present
Congress, and it makes the increase temporary.
The effect of the bill will be to introduce into the
Naval Academy one hundred tuid eighty-four new
midshipmen. There being one hundred and twen-
ty vacancies it will give sixty-four more than
there would be if the Academy were filled by all
the States under the act of 1848.
As areason why tints increase should take place,
I will state that by the icport of the Secretary of
the Navy, it appears dint no less than two hun-
dred and fifty-nine officers of the Navy have re-
signed or been dismissed since the 4th of March
last. Adding to that number the one hundred
and twenty midshipmen who have already left
the school, there will be some three hundred and
seventy-nine vacancies in the Navy and Naval
School. And I wiil state to the House that there
is, at present, but one class connected with the
school proper at Newport. That class consists
of about eighty scholars. All the rest of the mid-
shipmen have been taken from the school and
are now at sea. The law of 1848 provided that
before a midshipman is entitled to the position
of master's mate, he mustserve two years at sea;
though they are considered, during such service,
as members of the Academy.
I believe I have stated the principal reasons
which have induced the committee to recommend
the passage of this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems extraord inary to
me that gentlemen who profess to look forward
to a reconstruction or reunion of the-States which
have formed this Government, should at this ses-
sion of Congress urge upon tlm House the pas-
sage of these bills—the one which has just passed
the House in relation to the Military Academy at
West Point, arid the one for the increase of the
number of pupils nf the Naval School.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I would call the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky to the
fact, that this is only a temporary increase, and
applies to the present Congress alone, and to those
districts only which are ifow represented.
Mr. BURNETT. Grant that,and yet you fill
up the school to its capacity. These students
enter the school for four years, and you fill up the
school to its utmost capacity, by permitting the
present loyal States to send there as many as you
can educate under the present arrangement made
by Congress; and in the event that this Govern-
ment should be restored, peace restored, and all
the-States brought back into the same family—
which I do not believe, and I say so frankly, and"
you have acted upon that hypothesis, though by
the present bill you present the singular fact that
you arc going upon the idea that this Government
is broken up—i say if this Government is to be
reconstructed, how are the States which return
into the Union to be provided for in these schools?
Now, for instance, you have four hundred stu-
dents at West Point; and by the bill you have
passed, you permit us to appoint each an addi-
tional student, and confer upon the President the
power to appoint and select other pupils from
whateverquarter he chooses, so as to make up for
the number of States now in revolution against
the Government; which pupils will enter the one
school for five years, and the other for four years.
Such being the case, when you have brought these
States back again, will you tell me what you pro-
pose to do to enable them to be represented in those
schools? Only by enlarging the school, and in-
creasing the number of professors. You niustgo
into the expense of enlarging the school. Now,
I ask if this* revolution is to be stopped in a very
short time, if peace is soon to be restored and war
to cease, had not you better wait a little and let
those States appoint their representatives5
Mr. MALLORY. Inasmuch as my colleague
seems surprised at our support of the bill, be-
cause we go-upon the idea of a reconstruction of
the Union, I respectfully ask lum, who does not
believe i n that reeonsti uition, why he votes against
the bill ?
Mr. BURNETT. For the very simple reason
that I am opposed to both the West Point Acad-
emy and the Naval School, and always have
been. 1 have never voted for an appropriation for
either of them since I have had a seat upon this
floor. 1 desire to make one other remark before
I take my seat. This bill is obnoxious to the same
charge as the bill which we have just passed.
The SPEAKER,. The Chan would icmind
the gentleman that the bill in reference to the
Military Academy is not now before the House.
Mr. BUJINETT. 1 understand that, and I
was just going to say that I could not now dis-
cuss that bill. I regret very much that I did not
have an opportunity of doing so, and I should
like very much now to offer some observationsin
regard to it. But I know that it would be out of
order, and I do not intend to violate the rules of
the House. Now, T ask gentlemen to reflect that
it cannot possibly be more than a few months
before we meet hero again. Will you do that
which will have a tendency to widen the breach
that already exists? We arc in arms. Had we
not better let these things go on as they are ?
Mr. McKEAN. The gentleman asks various
questions. Will he permit me to answer one of
them?
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly.
Mr. McKEAN. He desires to know why these
two bills are brought forward to increase the num-
ber of students in the two schools. I will answer,
that the Government has already ordered into the
service one entire class of the cadets at each of these
two schools; and 1 understand these bills to be de-
signed to fill up the vacancies thus created by ther
Government ordering the pupils into the service
before they would otherwise have graduated.
Mr. BURNETT. Five years hence in the one
case, and four years hence in the other. Now,
sir, at the Naval Academy they cannot present
themselves for examination before the 15th or 20th
of September. I do not remember the time at the
Military Academy when they are to present them-
selves. But the necessity for the passage of this
bill does not now arise. At the next session of
Congress we can very easily change the law; and
if we find that it is advisable then to increase the
number, it can be done just as well then as now.
There is no necessity for doing it now. The gen-
tleman from New York does not take one thing
into consideration: if all the States are reunited
into one family, then the States now in revolution
would have a right to send representatives from
cach one of their congressional districts; and if
you fill up these two schools now with the num-
ber that they have the capacity to educate and
provide for, then, when you bring those States
back into the Union, you cut them oft'from hav-
ing representatives in these institutions, unless
you enlarge the schools. I have said all I desired
to say, and I now yield to the gentleman from
Connecticut.
Mr. ENGLISH. The object of the bill is sim-
ply to fill up the vacancies that now exist in the
Naval Academy. There have been two hundred
and ftfiy-nine resignations of officers of the Navy
since the 4th of March last, and there are one
hundred and twenty vacancies in the Naval Acad-
emy; making an aggregate of three hundred and
seventy-nincoffic.ers taken outofthcNavy. Now,
I ask, how the Navy can be replenished; where
you are to get the officers from, unless we edu-
cate them in this establishment? The bill take.?
nothing from the rights of Kentucky or of any
other State in the Union. When the disloyal
States come back into the Union, they will have
abundant opportunities to fill the vacancies-that
may then exist. That is all I have to say upoit
the subject. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, aiid the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. •
The yeas und nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL MEDICAL COUPS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votesof the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 31) to increase the medical
corps of the Navy, and for other purposes, sub-
mitted the following report:
The managers on the part of the Senate, on the disagree-
ing votes, between the two Homes on Senate bill No. 31, to
increase the medical corps ot the Navy, and for other pur-
poses, have met the managers on the part of the House,
and, aftei full and tree conference, have mutually agreed
to leconmvjnd, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follow*:
1. To amend the title of the bill, by striking out the
woids " and tor other purposes..'"
2. To fetuke out the whole ot the second section.
JOHN P. HALE,
JAMBS W. GRIMES,
J. A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the pint of the Senate.
C. n. SElKJWKiK,
ALEXANDER H. MCE,
J. E. ENGLISH,
Managers o n the part of the House.
