352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30.
* Mr. WASHBURNE. I had no knowledge of
the bill until I found it upon the Speaker's table.
Believing that it was important that it should pass,
to do away with the disgraceful scenes we have
witnessed for some weeks here, I thought that it
was my duty to ask that it be taken up and put
on its passage; and I have done so.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has the bill been re-
ferred to any committee for consideration?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It has not; and I do not
believe that it is neccssary to refer it to any com-
mittee.
In regard to the suggestion of the gentleman
from New York, I do not know but the provision
he suggests might be a good one. Yet, sir, as a
general thing, 1 am opposed to these qui tam, ac-
tions. I move that the bill be put on its passage;
and 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. COVODE. I would like to move to insert
after the word " soldier," the words " or members
of Congress, or any of the officers or employes of
the Government." [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield, if the gen-
tleman will confine it to one member; otherwise,
I will not.
Mr. McKNIGHT. This is a Senate bill, and
I hope it will pass without amendment. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is adopted,
I have an amendment of my own I should like to
move.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to know
whether the gentleman from Illinois has heard
that an order has been issued by Major General
McClelland which will obviate the evil against
which this bill is intended to provide?
Mr. WASIIBtJRNE. I have not. Even if
such an order exists, it does not do away with
the necessity'for this bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Vallandig-
ham's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved that the bill
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the ^operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 wish to aslc the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution. 1 presume their will be no objec-
tion to it:
Rrsolvcd, That the thanks of this? House aie heieby pre-
sented to the eighth regiment of Massachusetts volunteers
for their alaeiity in #-ponclutg to the call of the President,
and for the oneigy and patriotism displayed by them m sur-
mounting obstacles upon sea itnd land which tnutors had
interposed to impede their progiess to the deien&e of the
national capital.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I object. It is unfair to
single out any particular regiment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This regiment just returns
home.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I insist on my objection.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE ENEMY.
Mr. ELI 01', by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to define, prohibit, and punish certain un-
lawful communications with the enemies of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
FRAUDULENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the special
committee on contracts to report back Senate bill
No. 43, to prevent and punish frauds on the part
of officers intrusted with making contracts for the
Government, with two verbal amendments.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
First amendment:
After the word "me," in the second section, insert
"personally."
Second amendment:
After the word " any," in the same section, insert" such
benefit or advantage."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled the following bills; when the
Speaker signedihe same:
An act (H. K. No. 45) to define and punish
certain conspiracies;
An act (H. R. No. 81) making appropriation
for the purchase of arms for the volunteers and
regular troops of the United States; and
An act (j$. No. 24) authorizing the Secretary
of War tqfreimburse volunteers for expenses in-
curred ii/employing regimental and other bands,
and for JBther purposes.
OREGON CONTESTED ELECTION.
DAWES. I now call up a privileged
question—the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of Sheil us.Thayer.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. A. J. Thayer is not entitled to
hold the scat now occupied by him in this House as a Rep-
resentative fiom the State of Oiegon.
Resolved, That Gcoige K. Sheil has been duly elected as
a Representative fiom the State of Oregon to the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, and is entitled to a seat m tins House
as such.
Mr. McCLERNAND, I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether the res-
olutions are accompanied by a report?
Mr. DAWES. There is a printed report, which
I trust members have sent for to the document-
room; and not only that, but that they have read
it. It is a brief case, and I shall content myself
with a brief statement of it. 1 understand that the
sitting member is desirous of submitting some
remarks, and perhaps that will be sufficient for a
full understanding of the whole matter.
This is a case somewhat differcntfrom any that
has of late come before the House. It is not a
case involving the qualifications of a voter, nor is
it a question who has a majority of votes; for, at
the time the sitting member claims to have been
elected to this House, there was no other candi-
date—certainly the contestant was not a candidate
for election at that time; and at the time when
the contestant claims to have been elected to the
House the sitting member was not a candidate.
The contestant and the sitting member claim to
represent the State of Oregon in this House by
virtue of different and distinct elections held at
different times. The contestant claimed to have
been elected in June, 1860, and the sitting mem-
ber in November of the same year. The question
presented by both parties is simply a question of
law, and not of fact.
As the election at which the contestant claims
to have been elccted was earlier in point of time
than that of the sitting member, it would follow,
if that election was held in pursuance of law, that
he would be entitled to hold the seat, notwith-
standing the election held in November afterwards,
at which the sitting member claims to have been
elected. It is the claim of the sitting member,
therefore, that the election held at the time the
contestant claims to have been elected, was with-
out authority of law, and therefore void. He
claims further, that the right of the people of
Oregon to bo represented upon this floor is a great
constitutional right, of which they cannot be de-
prived by the neglect or refusal of the Legislature
of Oregon to provide by law for the election of a
member of Congress, and that the people of Ore-
gon, in pursuance and in the exercise of this con-
stitutional right, did assemble on the day of the
presidential election m November, and elected
him to be their Representative on this floor.
If he is mistaken in the firstofhis propositions—
namely, that there was no law under which the
contestant was elected in June previous—it fol-
lows that there was no opportunity for the exer-
cise of this constitutional right by the people of
Oregon in November following; that the door had
been closed by the legal election upon the part of
the people of Oregon of a member to this Con-
gress. It is the opinion of the committee, in
which we all agree, that the contestant was elected
in the June previous, in pursuance of the consti-
tution and the law of the State of Oregon; and
that, therefore, he is entitled to represent that
State in this House; and consequently, the sitting
member was not elected, and is not entitled to
a seat.
The people of the Territory of Oregon in No-
vember, 1857, adopted a constitution, preparatory
to their admission into the Union as one of the
States. They were not, however, admitted into
the Union until February 14, 1859. They pro-
vided in that constitution that, if adopted by the
people—as it was on the 9th of November, 1857—
there should be held, on the first Monday of June,
1858, a general election, at which should beelectcd,
among other officers, members of the Legislature
ofOregon,andaRepresentative in Congress. That
constitution having been adopted in November,
there was'a general election m the Territory of
Oregon under that constitution on the first Mon-
day of June, 3858, at which members of the Le-
gislature were chosen, and a Representative in
Congress.
The same constitution also provided that there
should be a general election in the State of Ore-
§on on the first Monday of June biennially. The
tate not having been admitted into the Union
until the 14th of February, 1859, the Represent-
ative chosen in June, 1858, held his seat in the
House of Representatives only from the 14th of
February until the 4th of March—the termina-*
tion of that Congress. The committee were of
opinion that the constitutional provision of the
State of Oregon, in these words, "general elec-
tions shall be held on the first Monday of June
biennially," in connection with that other pro-
vision of the constitution, which designated the
first of these elect ions on the first Monday of June,
1858, provided that all officers proper to be elected
at a general election in the State of Oregon, were
to be chosen at the general election once in two
years; and that the first of them having been held
on the first Monday of June, 1858, the next would
of course be on the first Monday of June, 18G0.
Immediately after the expiiation of the Con-
gress to which Mr. Grovcr, the first Representa-
tive from Oregon, was elected, there was such
action of the Legislature of Oregon as contem-
plated the providing for an election of a member
to the last Congress—the Thirty-Sixth Congress
—at some other time. The Legislature provided
that there should be an election for a member of
Congress on the 27th clay of June, lt>59; reciting
in the act, that it was because of a vacancy then
existing in the representation to Congress—for
the House will understand that if the people of
Oregon were to wait until the next general elec-
tion before they could hold an election for a
member of the last Congress, the long session of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress would have expired
before they had an opportunity to choose a mem-
ber to that Congress; and it was with that view,
it is supposed, that the Legislature of Oregon
enacted that special law.
When the biennial election came around in
1860, two years from the election specifically de-
signated in the Constitution, at which a member
was to be elected, Mr. Shiel was elected a mem-
ber of Congress. The Legislature of Oregon met
again in September following this election in
June. At that meeting the Legislature of Oregon
seemed to have conceived the idea that, notwith-
standing that provision of the constitution which
specifically provides that all general elections
shall be held on the first Monday of June bien-
nially, in connection with that other provision of
the constitution which specifics when this elec-
tion should commence, and specifying the officers
to beelected at the first of these biennial elections,
I say, nevertheless, the Legislature of Oregon
conceived the idea that they could provide a dif-
ferent time for the election of a member of Con-
gress. In a bill which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives of Oregon, it was provided that there
should be chosen, at the next presidential elec-
tion, a member of Congress; that two years from
that time the member should be elcctcd at the
