354:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
constitution of the State, or they would not have
passed a law requiring a special election to be held
on the 27th June, at which time Mr. Stout was
elccted a Representative from that State- I there-
fore come to the conclusion that there was no au-
thority in the constitution of the State of Oregon,
and no authority by virtue of the territorial, law
which existed prior to the adoption of the con-
stitution, for an election to be held on the first
Monday of June, 1860, the time when Mr. Shiel
claims to have been elected.
Again: Mr. Speaker, it is claimed that Mr.
Sheil has a certificate of election, entitling him to
a seat on this floor. By an examination of the
territorial law, it will be found that he has no such
certificate as is pointed out by law, and has no
right to a seat here by virtue of any certificate that
he holds. Section twenty-two of the Oregonlaws
provides that the clerk of the board of county
commissioners shall,immediately after collecting
the abstracts of votes, copy each abstract and
transmit them by mail to the secretary of the Ter-
ritory, at the seat of government; and makes it
the duty of the secretary of the Territory, with the
marshal of the Territory, or his deputy, in pres-
ence of the Governor, to procecd, within thirty
days after the election, to canvass the votes given
for Delegate to Congress; and directs that the Gov-
ernor shall give a certificate of election to the per-
son having the highest number of votes, and also
to issue a proclamation declaring the election of
such person.
There has been no such certificate issued to
Mr. Sheil. He docs not come here armed with
such a document. The Governor has never made
the proclamation required in the section. He
comes here simply with a certified copy of the
abstract of the votes cast on that occasion, certi-
fied to by the secretary of State, not by the Gov-
ernor, as is provided by the thirty-sccond section
of the laws of Oregon. But it is claimed that be-
cause he was voted for at a general election, and
because Mr. Logan was a candidate against him,
he has a right to a scat on this floor, in conse-
quents of his having received more votes than
Mr. Logan. The only right that Mr. Shell has
to a scat on this floor is predicated on the consti-
tution, and on the territorial law which existed
prior to the formation oftluitconstitution. 1 claim
that the constitution of Oregon has not provided,
and could not provide, consistently with the Con-
stitution of the United Status, for an election of
Representative in Congress, alter the holding of
the first election. It had no power to fix the time
for such election, because the Constitution of the
United States is imperative that the Legislature,
not the State convention, shall do that. When
the Legislature passed the special law referred to,
they must have understood that there was no ter-
ritorial law authorizing the election of a Repre-
sentative m Congress on the first Monday m June.
Otherwise they never "would have passed a law
requiring a special election to be held on the 27th
of June, 1859, by virtue of which Mr. Stout was
elected a Representative, and served here for the
period of two years.
This entire case is predicated upon the consti-
tutionality of an election under which the con-
testant claims his seat upon this floor. I claim
that the constitution and the law are in favor of
my right to the seat.
Again: suppose the House adopts this report:
it places the people of Oregon in just as much
uncertainty in lelution to this matter in the future
as has existed m thu past. Suppose, on the first
Monday m June, m 18G2, they elect to the next
Congress: how are they to determine whether the
person so elected is elected in accoidance with the
decision of this House? How are they to de-
termine? Shall we not have two elections again,
and two members coming here to claim seats?
If this House is to carry out the rule adopted
by this report, then they are bound to declare
elected the man who is elected on the first Mon-
day in November, 1802; but if they are to regard
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
States, then they are compelled to carry out the
action of the Legislature, and declare elected the
man who receives the majority of votes at the
regular election, on the first Monday in June,
J863. Hence, 1 repeat, if this report is adopted,
the people of Oregon will be placed in equally
great uncertainty as they have been in the past.
Mr. Speaker, I have appeared before the House
on the present occasion under somewhat peculiar
circumstances. I came here hfving no personal
acquaintance with any member of this House save
Mr. Ely, of New York. I placed all my papers
in his handstand placed my whole case in his
hands, he having very kindly consented to take
charge of the matter on my part. Since that time,
he has been captured by the rebels who are mak-
ing war upon the United States, and I have been
unable to obtain several papers which I deem im-
portant in this case. I therefore desire that this
matter may be recommitted to the Committee of
Elections, so that there may be a further oppor-
tunity to investigate the matter—which, under the
circumstances, I think may very properly be done
—before coming to a final decision in the case.
And, if the matter is permitted to be considered
thoroughly, I am confident the committee them-
selves will come to view the matter in a different
light from that in which it is presented in their
report to the House.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill of the House (No. 54) to
provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and ask
for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
\OKEG/N CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
atfr.j?HEIL, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, I had
not mlCnded to submit any remarks to the House
upon the merits of this contest, but leave it to the
action of the House upon the case as made up
and presented upon the report of the Committee
of Elections. But after certain remarks made by
the sitting member, 1 feel it to be my duty to refer,
as briefly as possible, to the sections of the con-
stitution of the State of Oregon upon which I base
the legality of my election to a seat upon this
floor.
The constitution of the State of Oregon, which
to-day is in full force in tluft State, was adopted
ori the 9th day of November, ]K>7. Since that
time no section, article, or paragraph, of that in-
strument, lias been repealed, modified, amended,
or altered in any shape or form. Hcnce the pro-
visions of this constitution, which I am about to
quote,arenotprovisions which have been adopted
since November, 1857. That constitution pro-
vides that, in case of its adoption by the people,
the first general election should be held on the
first Monday in June, 1858, for the purpose of
electing members of the Legislative Assembly, a
Representative in Congress, and State and county
officers. Every ofiicer, State and county, that
Oregon has had from 1858 until the present, was
elected in accoid.uicc with the provisions of that
constitution. But if the constitutional convention
which framed that instrument had no power to
prescribe the manner of holding elections, then all
these officers were not duly elected, and every act
of that Legislature is a nullity, and every act per-
formed by the State or county officers has been
without legal authority. But, sir, that question
is not raised here. The unanimous consent of the
people sanctions and sustains those officers and
the laws.
At the general election in June, 18G0, every oifi-
ccr that is in office to-day in that State waselccted.
The Legislature which elected the present Sen-
ators from Oregon—Mr. Nesmith and Colonel
Baker—was elected under the same constitutional
authority that governed in my election; and to set
that election aside, vitiates the election of all tiiese
other ollicors. If i was not duly and legally
elected, then the election of the Senators from my
State is void, and Oregon has no legal represent-
atives in this House and the Senate of the United
States. Here, then, Mr. Speaker, arc these two
points: the first general election in Oregon was
held on the first Monday of June, 1858, and, in
pursuance of the same provision of the constitu-
tion, the second general election of that State was
held in 1860. liut there was an intervening elec-
tion provided for by the Legislature m 1859. It
has been very correctly stated, by the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, that as our general
elections were biennial, if there had not been a
special election held in 1859, the State of Oregon
would have been unrepresented in the first session
o*f the Thirty-Sixth Congress. To provide for
that emergency r a special session of the Legisla-
ture was called in 1859. The act providing for
the special election 1 will now read;
An act to provide for a special election.
Bein enacted hj the Legislative Ji^ciably of the State of
Oregon, That there shall be held, at the *evejal places of
holding elections in this State, on Moiwlay, the '27th day
of June, 1S59, a special election tot one llepiesentativc m
Congress, and an assessor for ouch county in this State, and
such other officers as are by law authorized to be elected.
Sec. 2. The clerks of the seveial counties shall, upon the
receipt of otftcial information of the passage ot tins act, as
hereinafter provided, make out and deliver to the sheuffof
his county three written notices thereof far each election
precinct m such county, which shall be forthwith posted
up m ihicw ot" the most public places in each of said pre-
cincts And in all otlW rt expects, stud election s-'lirtll be con-
ducted, and the leturns {hereof made, in accordance with
the laws regulating general elections.
Sec. 3. Tiit-? act hhall be published by the State printer
in the newspapet by him published, immediately alter its*
passage, and a copy of said paper containing the same shali
s>hall be immediately ibrvv aided to the county cleik of each
county in tin-: State.
See. -1. The county clerk of each county shall immedi-
ately make up and forward fo tlu; judges oi election In the
scveial pieMrict-i ot their respective counties, or the per-
sons who acted as such at the June election, 1858, the
nece^saiy poll-books, as required by law; and in case any
of such judges neglect 01 relume to act, tin; vacancies shall
be filled in the manner prescribed by law, regulating gen-
cial election*.
Sec. 5. Inasmuch as there now exists a vacancy in oar
repiescntation in Congtess, which should be immediately
filled, this act shall ^take effect and be in force iroin and '
alter its passage.
i'a^&ed the House of Repiesentatives, May 19,1859.
W. G. T5 VAULT,
Speaker of the House of Representativesv
Passed the Senate, Way 2-1, lbo'J.
. L. ELK1NS,
President of the Senate,
Approved. June 1,
JOIIN WIIITEAKER.
The language of that act clearly indicates the
law which is to govern the holding of that election.
I will read from the constitution, beginning with
the section which continues in loicc the old ter-
utorial law, until such time as that law may bo
altered or repealed by the direct action of the State
Legislature. I read the seventh section of article
eighteen of the constitution of Oregon. It is as
follows:
"All laws in force in the Territory of Oregon when the
constitution takes effect, and consistent theienilh, shall
continue  u lorce until altered or icpealed."
That section continues in force the territorial
law on the subject of elections, of which the fol-
lowing is section three:
" A general election shall be held in the several election!
pieeincts in thi-* tciritory, on the fiivt Monday of June in
each year, at which theie shall be cho-en so nianv of the
following ofiiceis as aie by law to be elected insU'-li yeqa*;
that is to bay: A Delegate to Congte:rs, meiiibcts of the Tet-
ntotial Council and Hou>e of Repiesontames. pulses of
piobatc, disti ict attoi ly'ys, comity ,iupoi uitemlents, fouiily
commissioners, slieiifL-, county ueasuieis, corunei-, jus-
ticc-iof the peace, county a^sCssois, constable-,.and all other
county piecmcf and district oflicoi&not herein cnumeiated
oi otheiwi^e piovulcd lor."
From 1848 to 1854 voting was done by ballot;
but since the latter (late the viva voce lias been
used in all general and special elections. The first
section of the amendment is as follows:
" Be it enacted fry the Legislative Jlssembhj of the Terri-
tory of Oregon, That the votes given at ail general and
special elections hereafter held in this Temfoiy sliiiii be
given vira voce, or by ticket handed to the judges, and shall
in both case4; be ei'icd man audible voice, by the officer
attending, and noted by the cieik&in the pretence and hear-
ing ot the voters.55
Here, then, sir, is the law which was in force in
the Territory of Oregon, on the first Monday in
June, 1858; find by virtue of the clause of the con-
stitution I have read, continuing in force, all laws
consistent with that constitution, we find that
that law stands upon the record as a part of the
constitution. It is recognized by the constitu-
tion, and is perhaps higher than any State law
which could b6 made m obcdience to the consti-
tution. That law substitutes the viva voce for the
the ballot system of voting. I will hereafter speak
of the surreptitious manner in which the sitting
member received his votes. The law, then, Mr.
Speaker, in force to-day, and which was in force
in JS5S—the law which was established in 1854,
is the law under which I received my votes as a
member to this Congress.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to inquire what
the gentleman means, when he talks of the sur-
reptitious manner ih which I got votes.
