m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
Permit me to notice briefly some of the argu-
ments presented, by the contestant, in relation to
the constitutional provision. It is claimed, on his
part, that the sixth section of the schedule of the
constitution of the State provided for an election
on the first Monday in June, 1858. That is not
denied. I take the position that the constitutional
convention had a right to fix the time when the
first election should be held. That does not con-
travene the clause of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which I have read; but the last line of
that clause of the schedule clearly points out the
object and design of that election—a complete or-
ganization of the State government. That was
its sole object and design. It was not known at
that time whether that constitution could be rati-
fied by the people, or not. It was not known to
the people of the State whether they would be ad-
mitted into the Union under and by virtue of that
constitution, or not. That clause of the schedule
was designed simply to place the State organiza-
tion in operation. But the constitution nowhere
says, directly or indirectly, that the people of the
State shall nave the right to elect a Representa-
tive in Congress on the first Monday of June,
1860. The Governor and secretary of State did
not so understand it, or they would have given
the gentleman a certificate of election. There is
no authority m any part of the constitution for
an election in June, 1860. The election of all the
other officers enumerated in this sixth section of
the constitution is provided for in other parts of
the constitution; but not so with regard to a Rep-
resentative in Congress. The constitutional con-
vention never contemplated that a Representative
in Congress should be chosen eighteen months
before he would be called upon to discharge the
duties of his office. They did not think of Axing
the time for the election to Congress after the first
election. The members of the Legislature which
met in 1859, many of whom had helped to frame
the constitution, when tliey passed an act for a
special election to Congiess,on the 27th of June,
did not consider that the constitution provided for
the election of a Representative to Congress at the
general election. If they did, their act was un-
constitutional. They did not regard the territo-
rial law, providing' for a general election on the
first Monday in June, as being in existence. If
tliey had looked upon it as operative, they never
would have passed the law to which 1 have al-
luded.
I simply claim that there was no authority of
law foi the election of June, 1860; and that there
is no legal Representative upon this floor by vir-
tue of any constitutional provision of the State
of Oregon, or any territorial law that existed prior
to the adoption of the constitution. 1 claim that
the contestant has no right to a seat here; and
that the action of the House m seating htm would
place tiie people of Oregon in an uncertain posi-
tion in the future. Suppose they shall clect a
member in June, 1862, and the Legislature, in the
September following, provide for an election in
the next June thereafter, and an election shall
then be held: who will bo entitled to the seat?
There is uncertainty connected with this matter;
and it strikes me that this report does injustice to
the people of Oregon, because it leaves them in that
state of uncertainty. 1 submit the question to the
House without further argument upon the subject.
Mr. STEVENS, Mr.Speaker,lamnotgoing
to take part with either of these gentlemen, the
sitting member or the contestant, for I think that
neither of them hasany business here, and 1 shall
vote in aecoidanee with that opinion. I ofl'erthe
following as a substitute for tile resolutions re-
ported by the Committee of Elections:
llev.lrptl, That neither A J. Tliaycr nor Gnnnsr f!. She:!
i'; emitted to a heal ill tin* Congest- .'is Representative [torn
Oiegon, and tiiat the seat Ue deetaicd vacant.
.Now, sir, I will detain the House but a mo-
ment. I admit that the constitution of a State,
when it is framed, may fix the time for the first
election, because there is no other power to fix it,
and that has been the practice; but 1 maintain
that the constitution of a State cannot fix the day
for any future election of Representative in Con-
gress. 1 understand one of these gentlemen to
claim the seat by virtue of having been elected
upon the day which he says was fixed by the con-
stitution of Oregon—not the first election under
thatconstitution. The Legislature had notacted;
and upon that ground he claims that the action
of the constitution was good. Sir, if the consti-
tutional provision was good, it would prohibit
the Legislature from acting in the matter through
all time to come. The Legislature would have
their hands tied, and would not be able to fix the
times and places of holding elections in that State.
But the Constitution of the United States comes
in and prevents any such action of the conven-
tion of that State, for itexpressly provides who
shall fix the times and places of holding elections
for members of Congress. Here is the language
of the Constitution:
"Tiie times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be proscribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof."
Now, sir, I hold that no other power in a State
has a right to prescribe it; and if the State Legis-
lature fails to fix the times and places, there is
another provision of the Constitution by which
Congress has the right to fix it, and I wish they
would fix it, and fix it uniform throughout the
United States. But 1 deny that the convention to
frame the constitution of a State can fix the times
and places for electing members of Congress, not-
withstanding the provision of the Constitution
which I have read.
I have brought the question briefly before the
House, and I suppose everybody understands it
and is ready to vote. I understand that the gen-
tlemen interested have exhausted their desire to
speak, and as the chairman of the committee will
be entitled to be beard after the main question
shall have been oidetcd, I now move the previous
question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion for a moment, until I can have an opportu-
nity to reply to the position lie has taken, I will
do it in five nuuutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid sve shall not dis-
pose of this matter to-day, and as I desire to get
to other business, 1 will insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I understand that
the ground upon which the amendment is offered
is simply this: that, in the absence of legislation
in Oregon by its Legislature, the constitution of
Oregon having ii^ed the day upon which this
election should take place, the House of Repre-
sentatives is to say that the people of Oregon, act-
ing through their constitution—the highest and
the organic law of the State—cannot fix the time
and place for holding an election. If there were
a conflict between the action of the Legislature of
Oregon and its constitution, there might be some
ground for the position which is assumed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. But the organic
law, that which rises above and swallows up all
legislative action, having deteimined that this
election should be held on a particular day and in
a specific manner, and the Legislature of Oregon
having acquiesced in that by passing no law in
conflict with it, it is assumed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that it is proper for this House
to say that the people of Oregon shall not, in that
way and in that manner, declare how and when
and where their Representative shall be elected.
It occurs to me, sir, that that provision of the
Constitution of the United States which says that
the time and place shall be specified by the Legis-
lature of each State, meant simply that they should
be fixed by the constituted authority of the State
until Congress itself should fix a time for the elec-
tion in all the States. As Congress has not fixed
that time, it has said to every State " you may,
by your constituted authorities, through whom
you choose to speak in your law, fix the time."
Now, the Legislature of the State of Oregon has
acquiesced, if nothing more, in the time fixed by
the constitution, the organic law of Oregon.
Mr. STEVENS. The organic law of Oiegon
is not definite. It fixes the first election, but not
a word about any subsequent one.
Mr. DAWES. The oiganic law of the State
says that all these general elections shall be held
on the first Monday of June, biennially, and speci-
fies what ofiicers shall be elected oil that day.
Among them is a member of Congress. If, there-
fore, it is in the power of the State of Oregon,
through its constitution, to say when this election
shall be held, it has so said, it seems to me, as
plainly as it could say it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I understand that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania concedes the prop-
osition that the convention was competent to in-
vest the Legislature, with power to fix the time
for holding the fust election.
Mr. STEVENS. No, I did not state that. I
say I believe it has been done. I doubt the au-
thority altogether.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is a very different
position altogether.
Mr. STEVENS. They had a right to fix the
time for their general elections. I admit that.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then your position is
that the convention was not competent to fix the
time for an election.
Mr. STEVENS. It was competent to fix the
time for general elections, but not for the election
of a member of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. 1 was about to remark that
the position of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is in the face of all the precedents of this House—
precedents followed when Oregon herself was ad-
mitted into the Union; for the House then ac-
knowledged, as a Representative legally elected,
a man chosen at a time and place not specified by
the Legislature of Oregon, but by the constitu-
tional convention—in the same instrument that
specified that his successor should be elected two
years from that time.
The House of Representatives, in admitting my
friend from the State of Kansas [Mr. Conway]
as a Representative on this floor, adopted this
same construction of the powers of a State—that
it could fix the time of election, either by their
constitutional convention in their organic law, or
by their Legislature. My friend came here, not
by virtue of any election held at any time and
place fixed by the Legislature of the State of Kan-
sas; and such is the history of all those new States.
It seems to me that there can be no ground for
the House adopting the amendment to the report
of the committee, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The sitting member does not claim
to have been elected in pursuance of any law, or
of any constitutional provision whatever, but on
the general right to representation which the peo-
ple have. The contestant is here by virtue of an
election, at a time and place fixed in the consti-
tution of Oregon itself; in compliance with which
the Legislature has forborne to this day to fix
any other time and place.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is it com-
petent for the Legislature of Oregon to fix the
tune and place of an election, in violation of the
State constitution ?
Mr. DAWES. Ifitis not competent for the
Legislature,'in consequence of the constitutional
provision, to fix a time, then the constitutional
provision overrides the Legislature of Oregon,
and therefore it has performed this act itself.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If it over-
rides the Legislature, does it also override the
provision of the Constitution of the United States,
by which the Legislature is to fix the time of the
election of members ?
Mr. DAWES. Both of my colleague's prop-
ositions cannot, of course,be true. It cannot be
true that the Legislature of Oregon cannot fix the
time of election because of the State constitution,
and be also true that the constitution of Oregon
cannot override the Legislature, by reason of the
Constitution of the United States. The two prop-
ositions cannot bo true. Either the Legislature
of Oregon can, notwithstanding the provisions of
the State constitution, fix the time of the election
of members, because of the Constitution of the
United States, or else the people of Oregon can
do it through their constitution as well as through
their Legislature.
Now, the House may be prepared to depart
from all its precedents. There maybe other con-
siderations. Of course, the Committee of Elec-
tions can have no feeling on the subject. They
simply desire that the action of the House touch-
ing the grave and serious question of the right of
members to their seats in this House shall be
adjudicated solely on the law, without reference
to any outside considerations. Moved solely by
that consideration, the committee have unani-
mously come to the conclusion that there is a law
in Oregon—that which has the highest sanction
of law—fixing the time and place for the election
of members of Congress, and that the contestant,
in pursuance of that law,was elected to this House.
