1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3m
Sir, to my mind there is something peculiarly
appropriate in conferring upon these old and war-
worn veterans, these heroes of the battle and the
seas, this appointment to command navy-yards,
when, by their age and infirmity, m many instances
brought upon them by wounds and exposure,
they are not so competent to go to sea and endure
the fatigues of active service. I say there is some-
thing peculiarly appropriate in assigning to them
the command of navy-yards, and letting them in
that sort of honorable retirement render to the
country the service they may. Has the service
over suffered, has there ever been any want of
competency, or ability, or of any of the traits that
should enter into the character of an officer there
situated, which these gentlemen have manifested,
that it is necessary now to paralyze them, to put
this stigma upon them, to proclaim to the coun-
try, to the service, to the world, that they are not
worthy of holding the placcs they have held so
long? Sii, I piotest agdiust enacting sucli"a bill
•as this from motives of personal regard to Com-
mander Dahlgren or to anybody else. In (he
name of as gallant men as ever trod the deck of
•a vessel, I protest against the assertion that there
is nobody else that can with pi opriety be assigned
to tins place*
Let me say a word in reference to Commander
Dahlgren. if! know myself I would resign my
Jite before 1 would do him injustice. I belie whim
to be a gallant, honest, faith ful, and cflicieiU officer;
but, sir, 1 believe there are a great many other
such m the Navy. I believe there are such m the
line of captains whom you propose to disgrace
and degrade. 1 protest in their name against the
implied assumption that all the valor or all the
efficiency in the Navy will die with Commander
Dahlgren, I will give him all the credit he de-
serves. I believe him to be faithful, honest, loyal,
true, and brave; but lam not willing, by tins act
of special legislation, to disgrace and disqualify
inpublieestiruation the whole board of Navy cap-
tains. Sir, what will they say, how will they
feel, when you pays this act and set them aside,
.and say it is necessary, by special act of legisla-
tion, to select juniois for the places which they
have filled so long?
You have already adopted an amendment mak-
ing this selection of junior officers apply not only
to" the Washington navy-yard, but to all the
other navy-yards. I tlunk that is right. I move
further to add to this bill " and heads of bureaus;"
and f shall move further to amend it by inserting
that they may be taken from lieutenants as well
as from commanders. If you are going to ignore
everything, and start out on this loose voyage of
discovery, virtually proclaiming to the world that
there is no merit in the higher grades and it must
be sought in the lower, I want to go down below
commanders, and see if some merit is not to be
found even in the grades below tfcem.
1 had hoped—especially after 1 had stated to the
Senate that I had had a long interview with Com-
mander Dahlgren, and had submitted the motion
to reconsider and refer, after that interview—that
the Senate would have left this bill to take its
ordinary course, and go to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; but the Senate have acted differ-
ently. I have no fault to find; but I protest against
the passage of the bill under these circumstances.
I move to amend the bill by inserting after the
word " navy-yards,'' the words "and heads of
bureaus;" so that it will read:
The Pr^-ulent shall be anthoiized to select the snperin-
tcndmit*? ot the several uavy-yards and hea>h of buieau-
liom the captains or eojimianderri of the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ate will agree with me that I was right in saying
that the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who performs his duty with so
much ability, was opposed to tins b'll. He inti-
mates that the object of those who desire its pas-
sage is personal regard to Commander Dahlgren.
]N ow, sir, for myself, i am influenced by no such
feeling. I do, it is true, highly respect Commander
Dahlgren. I know him as an accomplished gen-
tleman and a most excellent officer. The public
interest requires that he should be retained in his
present position. I know very well that the ob-
ject of the bill is to retain him there. There is
no doubt about that. It is deemed important by
those whr6 introduced the bill into the House of
Representatives, and those who are in favor of it
here, that he should be thus retained; and I will
say further to' the Senate, that there is no mode
in which Commander Dahlgren can be retained
in the position which it is so important to the
country he should continue to occupy, except by
the passage of this bill.
Now, sir, for my part I should have preferred
the bill without the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio; and I certainly prefer it without this
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
which I think I may say, without any disrespect
to him, is intended to defeat the bill. I should
have preferred the bill if it had only referred *to
the navy-yard at the city of Washington; but
that it now goes further, and includes all the navy-
yards of the country, is, to my mind, no objec-
tion. The Senator says that the object of the
.bill, as amended, is to stigmatize the captains of
the Navy.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; I did not,
Mr. DIXON. Not the object; but the effect is
to stigmatize them. Now let us look at that a
single moment, and see how it stigmatizes the
captains of the Navy. In the first place, the Sen-
ator says there is no law with regard to their ap-
pointment; that it is a mere custom, and the Pres-
ident can do what he pleases. He says there is a
custom which has provided, and which has be-
come by long usage almost a law, that captains
only shall be appointed to these positions; and
that for us now to say, by the enactment of a law,
that hereafter commanders may be included,
would be a stigma upon captains in the Navy.
Well, Mr. President, I should be as far as that
Senator ftom stigmatizing these meritorious offi-
cers. I never would consent to it; but 1 cannot
see how, in the slightest degree, it conveys a
stigma on captains in the Navy, by saying that
the President of the United States may, at his dis-
cretion, select the superintendents of the navy-
yards from the list of captains and commanders.
The Senator says that, by reason of their age
and infirmity, they ought to be peimitted to hold
these positions, i agree that in time of peace this
nu^ht be a reason. There have been occasions,
there may again be an occasion, when, by reason
of their age and infirmity, it will be proper to
place captains of the Navy in that position. It is
the# first time 1 have ever heard that honorable
Senator urge this as a reason for appointing men
to office, liut, sir, what is the condition of the
country now? The navy-yards of the country are
the assailable points; they arp positions where you
need the most efficient men. It is no reflection
upon the captains of the Navy, to say that the list
of cotnmandcis contains the names of men quite
as efficient as any of the captains. I think itmay
be said with truth that the list of commanders is
the most efficient. Every Senator here knows
perfectly well, that commanders in the Navy are,
many of them, men of mature years; they are
men who have been long in service; they are men
who are efficient in the performance of their du-
ties; aud especially is that the casein the particu-
lar instance to which I have referred.
I will not take up the time of the Senate on this
subject. 1 should have preferred this bill if it had
been confined to its first object, which was to per-
mit the President of the United States to continue
Commander Dahlgren in his present position,
which he has held without any request or desire
on his pait. He was forced into it, or rather he
volunteered to take it when the necessity of the
country required. Now he is there; now he is
performing his duties with fjreat efficiency; but
unless this bill becomes a law he cannot remain.
I think, therefore, the Senate should vote down
the amendment which the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire has offered with a view to de-
feat the bill. It ought to pass with the amend-
ment which I regret is theie, which the Senator
fiom Ohio has offered, and which has already
been adopted. I hope this amendment will not
bcadoptod by the Senate; though, should it be
adopted, I shall sti'l vote for the bill.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is greatly deceived
about this motion m regard to the Ifureaus. That
is a matter that has already received the attention
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and if the
committee had not voted, as they did a day or
two since, to recommend the Senate to postpone
this subject to the next session of Congress, I
think J am not mistaken in saying that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio, and the
one that I now offer—not on my own suggestion,
but on somebody else's—would have been irtcor«
porated into the bill as reported to the Senate.
These are the facts of the case: that if the bill had
been corisidered by the committee, and they had
not deemed it expedient to postpone general legis-
lation of this sort until December next, they
would have incorporated both these amendments
into the bilk
I want to say now, that heads of bureaus are
of decidedly more importance to the efficient pros-
ecution of the war than the superintendents of
navy-yards. The superintendents of navy-yards
have comparatively, practically, very little to do.
They have detailed under them a commander and
several lieutenants, who arc the active and effi-
cient officers of the yard, and upon them is prac-
tically devolved most of the duty that is to be per-
formed. It is different with the heads of bureaus.
The heads of bureaus have the immediate super-
vision of your ordnance, for instance, which is
an immense department; the supply of arms and
munitions of war to the Navy; and if there is any
place where you want activity and knowledge and
brains, it is at the head of the department. So it
is with the department of docks and yards, of
clothing and provisions, and with the medical de-
partment. They are offices that require more
talent, more knowledge, more discretion, more
zeal, more activity—I venture to say ten times, to-
day—than do the superintendents of navy-yards.
And if it is necessary to infuse a portion of the
commanders into the placo of the superintendents
of yards, which require but little executive en-
ergy, it is vastly more necessary to infuse them
into the bureaus; and if this bill could have had
the poor chance which most bills of this charac-
ter have, of being considered by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, both these amendments would
have been recommended to the Senate; and I
hope, if they are going to make this amendment
to the law, they will add, " the heads of bureaus.'5
Mr. DIXON. I desire to ask the Senator if
this bill has not already been once considered by
the Committee on Naval Affairs,aud reported by
them ? That, I behove, is the case.
Mr. HALE. No, bir; it was not.
Mr. DIXON. Was it not reported yesterday?
Mr. HALE. It was not considered. As the
Senator has asked me the question, I will tell
him. When this matter was up, both these amend-
ments were suggested to the committee, one by
the Senator from Ohio, and the other by the Sen-
ator from Iowa; but it was agreed that it would
involve a pretty wide departure from what had
heretofore been the case, and that we had not
time to give that attention to the subject which it
required at this session, and that we would not
take the bill up except to recommend its post-
ponement to the next session; but if it had been
considered, these two amendments would have,
been proposed.
Mr. DIXON. If there was not time then,
there is not time now for the committee to con-
sider it. That is the very reason why 1 want the
Senate to act upon it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Now
Hampshire.
Mr. DIXON called for the yoas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. GIUMES. The proposition now before
the Senate, upon which the yeas and nays are
called, and for or against which we are to record
our names, as 1 understand it, is to enable the
President to appoint at the head of the naval bu-
reaus any officer of the rank of commander. If
the Senator fiom Connecticut will turn to the
Naval Register, he will see that the oldest com-
manders in the service had, on the Istday of Jan-
uary last, seen forty-one years of service, and that
there was not a commander at that time on your
list who had not seen thirty-two years and up-
wards of service. It seems to me that that is a
sufficient number of years' service to enable him
to perform the duties of any of these bureaus to
the acceptance of the country. In the Airny the
President can avail himself of the talent that may
be found in the ranks, in the line, no matter in
what grade it is. You have seen recently that a
captain of engineers has been taken from that
subordinate position, and has been placed at the
head of your Quartermaster's department—the
most important, I apprehend, of all your bureaus
