360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
connected with the Army. And why ? Because it
was believed that this captain of engineers would
perform the duties of that station more, efficiently
and acceptably to the country than anyone else.
Now, if the President can find a commander in the
line of the Navy who has seen more than thirty-
two years of service, who possesses the same
qualifications in regard to yards and docks, or the
necessary information and knowledge and integ-
rity in regard to ordnance, or in regard to any of
th'e other bureaus, I ask the Senator from Con-
necticut why he is unwilling that the country shall
avail itself of the talent that may be in that rank?
Mr. DIXON. I will reply to that at this time,
or wait until the Senator is through, as he chooses.
Mr. GRIMES. Ynudo it in your Army; why
not do it in your Navy? If it is necessary for us
to pass a special law, for the purpose of giving to
a commander the right to control this navy-yard,
why not apply the same rule to all the navy-yards
and to all the bureaus? That was what I was
originally in favor of. I wanted the bill to pass
in thatsnape, including the proposition which has
been so much desired by the Senator from Con-
necticut. 1 do not believe in the Army or the
Navy being controlled,as aclose corporation,for
the benefit of any particular rank. I say that it
is for the interest of my constituents, and the
people of the country generally, that the best-
talent of the country, in each of these grades,
should be brought out; that it should be put into
service, and that we should avail ourselves of it.
It is confessedly the fact that the younger officers
in the service arc better educated—arc more scien-
tific than the older ones. When your Navy was
established, there was very little information in
regard to the scienrp of gunnery. There are men
in your lieutenants' rank now, who possess more
information on that subject than your older cap-
tains. Why not avail yourselves of the inform-
ation and scientific skill they possess ? Why not
go down even to the lieutenants'rank? There
areiieutenantsto-dayincomimuidof some of your
largest steamships. Why not avail yourself of
their ability, of their integrity, and of their ca-
pacity? I hope that this amendment will be
adopted; and that, if we are going to pass a law
for the benefit of one class of gentlemen, wc shall
pass it for the benefit of all. If we are going to
infuse new vigor and life and strength into the
navy-yards, let us do H in the bureaus here m
your Navy Department. That is what the conn-
try wants; it is what the people of the country
demand.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senate will indulge
me a single moment, while I state th<> position of
this subject as I now understand it. The hill in
the first place provided,as itcame from the House
of Representatives, that the President might
appoint to the office of superintendent of the
Washington navy-yard, either a captain or a com-
mander. The honorable e.haiirnan of tiie commit-
tee (and I understand the Senator from fowa to
agree with him) opposed the passage of the bill.
They were opposed to the idea of allowing the
President to select any hut captains 
Mr. GRIMES. No sir, that is not so.
Mr. DIXON. The honorable chairman was of
that opinion, if the Senator from Iowa was not.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated but a moment a50
what my position was; that I desired this bill to
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that it might cover the whole ground, and open
all the navy-yards and all the bureaus to the whole
talent of the service.
Mr. DIXON. Then I will except the Senator
from Iowa. The honorable chairman was opposed
to the passage of the bill; and he oilers this amend-
ment—an amendment intended to include a larger
list of officers. He said we ought not to take 111
commanders; and he opposed the bill strenuously
on that ground. Now, for the purpose, of course,
of defeating the bill to which lie is opposed, he
proposes that we should, as he said in his speech,
extend it to the heads of bureaus, and then take
in lieutenants. I am not piepaied to say that it
might not be well enough to open the whole coun-
try to competition for these offices; but at this
time it might be very unwise for us to adopt so
sweeping a measure. Here is a bill before us
which proposes to allow thu President of the Uni-
ted States to appoint eithercaptains or command-
ers to the position of commandant at the Wash-
ington limy-yard; and by the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, that is extended to any navy-
yard in the country. Now, Senators who, for
reasons satisfactory to themselves, and no doubt
excellent reasons, arc opposed to the extension at
all, who are opposed to permitting commanders
to be appointed to that office—ask the Senate to
extend the bill farther, by admitting another list
of officers to this competition. It is perfectly ap-
parent that the object of the amendment is to de-
feat the bill; and I merely desire to state this, in
order that those Senators who wish to defeat the
bill may vote for the amendment, and that those
who desire the passage of the bill may vote against
it. I do not say that it might not be well at some
future time to take up this whole subject and ex-
amine it; but I agree with the Senator from New
Hampshire, that we have not time at this period
of the session to go into a sweeping reform or%
this subject. It is enough for the Senate at this
time, if they think it proper to do so, to permit the
President ofthe United Slates to selcctfiom com-
manders,as well as from captains, for posts of su-
perintendents of the navy-yards of the country.
Mr. HALE. As the Senate have decided that
this question can berter be discussed here than in
the committce-room, I wish to say a single word.
I deny the right of the Senator from Connecticut
to assign me a position on this bill that I have not
assumed. I deny his light to frame an issue for
me, or for anybody else,except himself. I deny
the right of any man to get up here and say that
a Senatoi who votes so and soisforthis bill,and
a man who docs not so vote is against it. We
must vote on this amendment according to our
own judgment. I say, without any sinister mo-
tive,'without any feeling that I am not perfectly
willing to exhibit to the Senate and to the world,
that I offered this amendment in the conscientious
discharge of my duty as a Senator on this floor,
and 1 deny the right of anybody to assign to me
any other motive than that.
Mr. DIXON. I disavow having said anything
of that sort.
Mr. HALE. I hate to hear a man say a thing
and then disavow the natural force of it; but I will
not deny his right to that. He has a right to do
it. Now, sir, as the thing is up, and the Senator
accuses me of being opposed to the bill, I will
state candidly—I am obliged to do so, because I
am put in a position where 1 must—that this bill is
for the reiicf of Commander Dahlgren. No doubt
about that. It is admitted to have been intended
for him. I know very little of Mr. Dahlgren per-
sonally. When I came to the Senate at this session,
I should not have known him by sight if 1 had met
him on the street, though, I believe, I have been in-
troduced to him once or twice. I must say, in jus-
tice to Commander Dahlgren, and to other mem-
bers of the Navy, and to Senators, that I have no
doubt he is a highly meritorious man. 1 have never
denied it, and never will. I believe it. But, sir, the
Navy Department have had a set of pets—there
is no other word that will describe them—a set
of pets, who have been led a little more extrava-
gantly than the whole corps—and the whole Navy
pay list has beencxtravagantonough,God knows.
Ever since I have been a member of the Senate,
there have been a set of pets who, some by law
and some without law and against law, have been
paid extravagant salaries, altogether beyond what
belonged to them by the rule by which their fel-
low-officers were paid, and Commander Dahlgren
has been among the men who have been paid these
extravagant sums, but I will do lain the justice to
say that in his case it has not been without law,
for they have contrived some way or other to slip
in spccial legislation for his benefit, and he has
generally been in the receipt of a larger salary
than anybody else of his tank.
I remember that when I first had the honor of
a seat 011 this lloor, there was a pioposition to
give Mr. Dahlgren, then a lieutenant, consider-
ably more salary than the other officers of his
grade; and 1 was addressing myself to the Senate
111 opposition to it, as I always,have been opposed
to this special legislation for anybody. While I
was endeavoAng to impress my views on the Sen-
ate in open session by as fair considerations as I
could suggest, lobby agents came and looked in
my eyes and winked, and took out Senators and
lobbied them, and got them to vote for the prop-
osition which I was endeavoring to combat in the
Senate. That i have seen; ana I have seen it m
the case of this very Mr. Dahlgren. I do not
accuse him of it; it was not he that did it; but it
was an agent that was around to procure the pas-
sage of the bill. While I was talking in my poor
way, trying to interest the Senate, he buttonholed
some ofthe Senators, took them out, ancl winked
to me when he went out, as much as to say, " I
have these anyhow.'" The result was that it
passed. Now, I want to read to you this pro-
vision from the last act which we passed for the
increase of the pay of the Navy:
" That nothing in tliis act contained shall be eo construed
as to increase or modify the present pay of the chiefs of
bureaus in the Navy Department, with whom shall be
classed the present superintendent of the Naval Observa-
tory: Provided, That the otfieer now charged with experi-
ments in gunnery at the Washington navy-yard shall re-
ceive the sea-service pay"—
Not of his own grade, but—
"of the grade next above him, as provided by the act of
Maich 3, 1851."
That has been the history of Mr. Dahlgren. I
have no doubt that I may be misunderstood and
misrepresented. Be it so; let it go; I do not care;
I am willing to be misrepresented; I am used to
it. I do not want to impeach that man in the
slightest degree. I believe he is a good officer;
and I have said it over and over again.
The Navy Department had another pet whom
they put in charge of the Naval Observatory up
here; and he fed on your pap until he got fat
enough to leave your service, and is now 111 the
pay of the confederates. Then there was another
pet, a man in charge of the Nautical Almanac.
They always give some special service to these
pets, which any other officer in the Navy would
be glad to get, but cannot. You had an officer
here in charge of the Nautical Almanac. The
Secretary of the Navy sent in recommendations
that his salary should be increased above his
grade. Congress voted it down,.yearafter year;
voted it down by an overwhelming majority,
after discussion. The Secretary of the Navy,
however, had asked for it, and estimated for it,
and the gross amounts estimated for were appro-
priated. By and by, things going on in this way,
the Secretary of the Navy asking and Congress
refusing to increase the pay, he got an opinion
from one of the Comptrollers of the Treasury
Department, that, if he estimated for a high sal-
ary and Congress appropriated all tjie money that
he asked, it authorized him to pay the salary that
he had asked and that Congress had refused to
give; and upon the strength of that, the Secretary
of the Navy paid the officer in charge of the Nau-
tical Almanac an extravagant allowance, about
twice what he was authorized to do by law; and
not only that, but he went back two or three years
to do it, when Congress here repeatedly, year
after year, were passing votes that they would not
do it.
It seems to me that it is time to stop this spe-
cial legislation*for Commander Dahlgren. I do
not want to put myself m an attitude of hostility
to any man. If I know myself, I would not do
an act of injustice to him or to anybody else; but
I think the considerations which address them-
selves to Congress in behalf of a meritorious offi-
cer have been met, and fully met long ago, in the
fact that you have paid .him what you have never
paidanybodyelse—notthe highest sea-service pay
of the grade to which he belongs, but the highest
sea-service pay ofthe grade next above him.
If this door is to be opened, why not take in
all the talent of the country? I am willing to
abandon my position at the head of the Naval
Committee at any time; but while I retain it, I
am determined to discharge my duty; and I shall
move, after we have adopted this amendment to
take in commanders for heads of bureaus, if we
do adopt it; that the President shall have liberty,
also, to take the lieutenants for these positions.
Some of the best officers in your Navy are lieu-
tenants; many of them are men over fifty years
of age, who have seen long and honorable ser-
vice. If this thing is to go 011,1 say, let the doois
be wide open, and let us have them all in.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, when officers in
the Army have distinguished themselves, I have
noticed that it is customary for the President of
the United States to reward them by granting
them promotion; and the Senate, so far as my
knowledge extends, have sustained the President
by confirming those gentlemen. Captains have
been taken and made generals; lieutenants have
been taken and put far ahead of their lineal giade.
