364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
The quest-ion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Breckinridge, Bright,
Dixon, Doolutle, Foot, Hale, Harris, Kennedy, King, La-
tham, Powell, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, and Thomson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Cariile, Chandler, Claik,
Cowan, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howe, John-
son of Tennessee, Johmon ot' Missouri, Lane of Indiana,
Morrill, Polk, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—23.
So the report of the committee of conference
was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire what further action shall be taken in
reference to this bill ? A motion to further insist
and ask for another committee of conference will
be in order.
Mr. THOMSON, Would it be in order to
move the indefinite postponement of the bill, as
proposed by the Senator from Iowa, at this stage?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
would be in order.
Mr. THOMSON. 'I make that motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the bill will not he
indefinitely postponed. 1 hope we shall vote that
down.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate further
insist on its disagreement to the amendments of
the House, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask whether, the Sen-
ate having refused to abide by the report of the
committee of conference, it is not in order now to
agree to all the amendments of the House but one?
There is no disagreement about any of the amend-
ments but one, and it is hardly worth while for
the Senate to disagree to four or five amendments
to which there is really no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is'taken as a whole.
Mr. HALE. No; it is not. I move that the
Senate concur in all the amendments but one, and
insist on its disagreement to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire designate the one he
does not include?
Mr. HALE. The one proposing to insert the
■words "or completing."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask whether it is
possible for the Senate to do anything else than
either to accept or reject the report of the com-
mittee of conference ?
Mr. HALE. That is rejected.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly it is reject-
ed; but can the Senate then proceed to act upon
the amendments after they have rejected the re-
port of the committee?
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Most undoubt-
edly the Senate can actupon its own amendments,
or its own disagreement to amendments of the
House. The Senate disagreed to certain amend-
ments of the House, and have rejected (he report
of the committee of conference thereon; but it is
competent for the Senate now, if they see fit, to
agroe to all the amendments of the House, and
that will be the end of the bill.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is not the motion.
The motion is, to agree to the amendments of the
committee of conference.
Mr, HALE. No, sir; that is not my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
motion of that kind.
Mr. HALE. My motion was, that the Senate
agree to all the amendments of the House except
one, which I indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report of
the committee of conference is disposed of; and
the bill is now before the Senate; and the motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It really seems to me that
that would produce the greatest confusion. We
have acted on those amendments some days ago.
We have refused to agree with the House on those
amendments. That is a vote. Now, this is not
a motion to reconsider that vote by which we re-
fused to agree. We have already voted and de-
cided that we would not concur with the House
ill their amendments to the bill, and then 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator'
from Illinois will suspend his remarks for a mo-
ment. The Chair will state that the more appio-
jmate motion would be, that the Senate recede
trom its disagreement to those amendments. That
would be the proper form of the motion.
Mr. HALE. 1 put it in iliut form
Mr, TRUMBULL. Stiil. it seetns to me, it
would involve confusion. The committee of con-
ference make up their report frequently, each
House abandoning something which it has agreed
to, for the purpose of passing the bill, a sort of
compromise that the two Houses act upon. Now
when you reject the report of the committee of
conference, which is an entirety, if strikes me,
then for either House to go back and reconsider
its previous action would not Tae consistent with
what we have done. Will it make a law if we
recede from these amendments? What has the
House of Representatives done?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Illinois that that is
not the proposition. The proposition is, that the
Senate recede from its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives, with one
exception, and that motion is in order.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I understand thatthatisthe
proposition. We could undoubtedly have done
that before the committee was raised; but we have
refused to reccde. We have already said that we
would not agree with the House of Representa-
tives. On this disagreement we have got up a
committee of conference; and now, when that
committee make a report, it is an entirety. The
House of Representatives, as I understand, agreed
to that report. Now we are opening the bill again,
and going back and receding from a disagreement
which we put upon the record some days ago.
It strikes me that that cannot be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a case of
very common practice, and the Journals of the
Senate are full of precedents of this character.
It is one about which the Chair has no doubt;
and as no appeal is taken from the decision of the
Choir, the question is on the motion of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, that the Senate recede
from their disagreement to all theamenilments of
the House of Representatives, except the one in-
dicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now submit my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves that the Senate further insist
on its disagreement to that amendment, and ask
for another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion ofMr. GRIMES, thePresident pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Grimes, Mr- Sm.iiMAN, and Mr. Caklile, were
appointed.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next busi-
ness in order is the bill (S. No. 33) to suppress
insurrection and sedition, and for other purposes.
The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Carule to
amend the amendment of the committee, by strik-
ing out the eighth section of their substitute, in
the following words:
Sec. 8. JJndbe it further cvacted, That any military com-
mander aforesaid, in any distnet declated to be m a state
ot insuuection and war, may cause any peison suspected
ol disloyalty to the Government of the United States to be
brought before lum, and maj administer, or cause to be ad-
ministered, to such peison an oath ot allegiance, as fol-
lows : I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will -support,
proteet, and dofeml'the Constitution and Government of
the United Slates against all enemies, whether domestic or
foreign, and that 1 will bear tine laith and loyalty to the
same, any ordmanee or resolution of any State convention
or Legislature to the contrai y notwithstanding; and iui ther,
that I do this with a full determination and pledge, with- i
out any mental ie.-erv,ition or evasion whatever: so help |
me God And on theii refusal to take Mich oath, they shall '
be detained as prisoners until the restoration of quiet and
peace in the locality where such arrests have been made.
And any poison having taken said oath who shall attei-
wards be taken m arms against the Government, or lound
aiding and abetting its enemies and opposers, shall be sub-
ject to the same punishment ptesenbed loi those who vio-
late their patnl, a^ provided tn the seventh section of this
act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to call
the attention ofthe Senate to what that section is,
that they may vote understanding^ in regard to it.
That section provides that persons suspected of
disloyalty may-be arrested by military officers,
and an oath of allegiance -administered to them,
if they reiuse to take the oath, they are to be held
as prisoners; and if, after taking tho oath, they
are subsequently found in arms against the Gov- j
eminent, they are to be treated m the same man- U
ner as prisoner who viohte their parol. That j]
is all there is in the section. If the Senate think
proper to strike it out, they can do so.
Mr. HALE. I rise simply to make a sugges-
tion in behalf of the honorable Senator from Del-
aware,'[Mr. Bayard,] who had the floor on this
bill at one o'clock. As the Senate was otherwise
occupied,.and have now used up the time until it
is nearly half past two o'clock, it is not conve-
nient for the Senator to go on, and I think it due
to him that it should be postponed until to-mor-
row, in order that he may then make his remarks
upon it. 1 make the motion to postpone until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to object to this
bill going over from day to day, unless there are
special reasons given. It was postponed yester-
day at the request of the Senator from Delaware,
and now it is but an hour and a half past the time
to which it was postponed. This session is
drawing to a close. The House of Representa-
tives has already sent us a resolution fixing the day
of adjournment. The bill was postponed yester-
terday, on the special request of the Senator from
Delaware, until to-day, and I think it is a very
poor reason, unless there be some other, that an
hour and thirty minutes have gone by, since the
hour fixed for its consideration. Why did not the
Senator from Delaware call it up?
Mr. BAYARD. I can state to the honorable
Senator why I did not call it up. I said yesterday
I was at the pleasure of the Senate, and it was not
for me to interfere with the order in which they
chose to transact business. If they choose to go
on now with this bill, I must go on with my re-
marks of course; but the Senate had other busi-
ness which it chose to continue up to the present
time, an hour and a half after the time fixed for
the consideration of the bill, and I supposed, there-
fore, it might justaswcll go over until to-morrow.
Whatever the Senate may desire, I shall agree to.
I should prefer that the bill should go over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
bill until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be post-
poned.
The question being put, there were, on adivis-
ion—ayes twelve.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion. We cannot get a quo-
rum in any other way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like to know
if the Senator from Delaware himself desires a
postponement. If he does, lam willing to gran tit.
Mr. BAYARD. The answer 1 give is this: 1
would prefer not to speak now; but I will follow
the pleasure of the Senate. The bill has been
postponed now for an hour and a half beyond tho
time at which it was to have been called up, not
by any act of mine, but by the Senate itself; and
I should now prefer its going over until to-mor-
row, when I can speak at an earlier hour. This
is the very hottest part of the day, and besides,
I do not feel very well; but I will go on, if it is
the pleasure of the Senate. They must determine
for themselves whether they will continue the con-
sideration of the bill now or not.
' The Secretary proceeded to call tho roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN f after first voting in the
negative) said: I voted against this motion for the
reason that I thought we might go on and occupy
the time with the consideration of this bill; but I
am satisfied that we have business enough in ex-
ecutive session to take us the residue of* the day,
and we shall have to do it some time; and as
we did not allow the Senator to proceed at one
o'clock, the time fixed, and it is excessively hot,
and he is out of health, I shall change my vote
and vote u yea.,}
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nays
18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bieckinridge, Blight,
Brownms, Carhie, Fessenden, Foot, Jiajc, Howe, Johnson
of Mjs<ouii, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Polk,
Pomeroy, Powell, lliee, Saulsbuty, Sherman, Ten Eyck,
and Thomson—
NAYS—Messis. Bakeij CInudlei, Clark, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittle, Foster, Giime<, Harris, Johnson of Tenno^ee,
King, Lane of Indiana, Mornil, Sumner, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilmot, ami WiJson~18.
So the motion to postpone the bill was agreed to.
MESSAGE rnOM THE HOUSE.
A mespngf from the House of Representatives,
