1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 88) providing for
the monthly payment of troops, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 16) con-
cerning the Attorney General, and the attorneys
and marshals of the several districts.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I move to
take from the table the resolution-of the House
fixing a day for the adjournment of Congress, in
order that it may be considered. This is the
second resolution that has been sent to us from
that body. If the day fixed in the resolution be
too early a day to suit the convenience of the
Senate, 1 trust some day will be fixed, as early
a day as possible, by gentlemen who know at
what time the Senate can adjourn. The House,
I understand from members, is now through with
its business, so far as they are concerned, and
they are anxious that some day shall be fixed.
I move that the resolution be taken up and con-
sidered, and let it be amended, if necessary, and
returned to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia moves to take up for consideration
the following resolution 
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That takes
precedence of the other motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr.Nicoi.av, his Secretary,announced
that the President had to-day approved and signed
the following biiis:
A bill (S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 24) authorizing the Secretary of
War to reimburse volunteers for expenses in-
curred in employing regimental and other bands,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to
pay the expenses of transporting and delivering
arms and munitions of war to the loyal citizens
of the States of which the inhabitants now are, or
hereafter may be, ill rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to provide for
the expense of organizing them into companies,
battalions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own
protection against domestic violence, insurrection,
invasion, or rebellion;
A bill (S. No. 48) providing a commission to
examine and leport as to the compensation of all
officeis of the Government, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (S. No. 51) in addition to an act entitled
"An act further to provide for the collection of
duties on imports, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 13, 1861.
DAY OF EASTING AND PRAYER.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by .unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 15,) requesting the President of the United
States to recommend aday of public humiliation,
fisting, and prayer; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. IIAIILAN. I ask for the present consid-
eration of the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
It being a duty peculiarly incumbent in a tune of public
calanut} mid icbellion, humbly and devoutly to acknowl-
edge our dependence on Almighty God, and to nnploie bis
aid and protection : Therefore,
Itesolved !n{ the benate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America tn Congress assembled. That
a )Oint eoimmttee of both [louse* wait upon the President
ol' the ['nited states, and it'quest thathe leeommend a day
of public humiliation, piaver, and fa^tim;, to be obsetved
1'v the people of the Ihntei! Stateswith lehgioussoiemnity
and tile otie. nig of fei vent supplications to Almighty God,
foi the safety and wellaio of these State-, hi- blessings, on
their arm-, and speedy lestoiatioil of peaee.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "humiliation;" so as to make
it simply a day of fasting and prayer.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be done.
I have followed nearly the exact words of ajoint
resolution passed during the war of 1812.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will excuse
me. I think that in lhe. present state of the Sen-
ate it would be as well to let this matter lie over
until to-morrow.
Mr. TEN £YCK. I withdraw my amendment
if it leads to any difficulty.
Mr. KING. I hope that will go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
objection to its third reading, the joint resolution
must go over.
DELAWARE INDIANS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate", copies of all papers, evidence,
vouchers, and a statement of the character and
origin of the claim of the Delaware Indians for
depredations upon timber and loss of property by
whites; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 88) providing for the monthly
payment of troops, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PJCE. Yesterday I submitted a-resolu-
tion in regard to undistributed public documents,
but the resolution, as I offered it, did not fully
cover the object I had in view. I have consulted
with the Senators who made the objection; and
now I offer another resolution, which I wish to
have considered. It merely relates to the Sena-
tors from the Slate of Virginia. ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the former resolution referred to by the
Senator from Minnesota will be withdrawn by
him; and the substitute now sent to the Chair
will be lead.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolred, That all books and documents printed by order
of the Senate, and allotted to the seveuil States, anil wliich
now remain in the Capitol inidisti ibulod, shall bo deliveied,
by tin; supeiintendent of the folding room, to the present
Senator or Senators from those States respectively, for dis-
tribution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate then
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 31, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Iiov. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
v/ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 54) to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes; agree to
a conference on the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses on the said bill; and have appointed
Mr. Simmons, Mr. Coj.i.ameu, and Mr. Bright,
as I he managers on the part of the Senate at said
conference.
JAMES E. HARVEY.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following:
Whereas James E. Harvey, minister to Portugal, did, in
the months of M.ncli and Apnl la-t, convey confidential
and impoitarit information trom time to tune to the " rebel
authorities of South Carolina, in legard to movements of
the Government of the United States for the suppression
of the " iebollion:J in said State; and whereas the said
James E. llaiveyhas sub-equenlly declared, In a public
communication, that ail of the di-patehes by him sent to
'-rebel-'' m South Carolina were fust shown to incmbeis
of the Admuu-trauon : Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
I requested to aseeituin what member-of the Admmi&tra-
' tion weie lliu* concerned in aiding and abetting trea-oa-
I able coininunieation with " lebels^'and, it not meoinpat-
] lbie with the ptibhe intete-ts. to forthwith remove said
; peisou- fiom authonty under bun, and to recall the said
! James E. Harvey.
| Mr. WASHBURNE objected.
PAY OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed tor
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be In-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of providing bylaw
that officers ot' volunteers shall be entitled to rccelve their
pay according to the same rules and times of payment as
officers of like rank in the regular service.
NAVAL ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent,.intro-
duced a bill authorizing additional enlistments in
the Navy of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PAY OF DEPUTY MARSHALS.
Mr. BU RNETT asked th e co nsent of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior inform this
House why it is that the deputy marshals*)!! the several
States engaged In taking the census of I860 have not been
paid, the money having been appropriated by Congress for
that purpose.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
Mr. BURNET!''. I ask, then, that the resolu-
tion may be referred to the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Interior Department.
Mr. OLIN. I have no objection to that.
The resolution was accordingly received, and
referred.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present the petition of
citizens of the Territory ofNew Mexico, in refer-
ence to a Delegate from that Territory.
The SPEAKER. Nothing is now in order ex-
cept reports from committees.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present the petition I refer to.
Objection was made.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT-
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No. 16, con-
cerning the Attorney General and the attorneys
and marshals of the several districts, with the
recommendation that it do pass; and nil the pas-
sage of the bill he demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The bill, which was read, charges the Attorney
General of the United States with the general su-
perintendence and direction of the attorneys and
marshals of all the districts in the United States
and the Territories as to the manner of discharg-
ing their respective duties; and they are required
to report to the Attorney General an account of
their official proceedings, and the state and con-
dition of their respective offices, in such timeand
manner as the Attorney General may direct. The
Attorney General is empowered, whenever, in his
opinion, the public interest may require it, toem-
ploy and retain (in the name of the United States)
such attorneys and counselors-at-law as he may
think necessary, to assist the district attorneys
in the discharge of their duties, and shall stipulate
with such assistant counsel the amount of com-
pensation; and the Attorney General shall have
power to increase the clerical force of his office to
discharge the increased duties of the office occa-
sioned by this act, by appointing additional clerks,
not exceeding two, at an annual salary not ex-
ceeding $1,400.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the chairman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, ia order that I may have an opportunity to
ask a few questions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of an in-
quiry-
Mr. McCLERNAND. It occurs to me, Mr.
Speaker, that this bill accomplishes what has been
sought to be accomplished for a long time in this
Congress—that is, the erection of the Attorney
General's office into a separate department of the
Government, and giving that officer the entire con-
trol of the Solicitor of the Treasury. Is that the
object ?
'Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir. The object of the
bill is well enough suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois. I will make this additional remark :
it divests the Secretary of the Interior of all con-
trol over the judicial proceedings of the United
States. Under existing laws he has control of
them, and difficulties do frequently arise on that
very account.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I had some conversa-
tion with an intelligent gentleman in one of the
