366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Departments, connected with the law affairs of
this Government, in which the opinion was ex-
pressed, that the enactment of this law would
deprive the Solicitor of the Treasury of all ability
to discharge his duties. He haa now, to a certain
extent, control over the marshals in regard to
matters coming before him for investigation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois, that the committee acted upon the
brief made up by the Attorney General himself;
and I feel clear in stating that this bill interferes
■with none of the legitimate functions of any of
the Departments of the Government, because it
divests the Secretary of the Interior of all power
which he now exercises-over the judicial opera-
tions of the United States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It divests the Solicitor
of the Treasury of all control over the subjects
which he now has under his charge, and presents
this question to the House: whether it will put
the Attorney General upon an equal footing with
the other Departments of the Government, or
whether it will Jet it remain as it is ? Congress
has hitherto uniformly refused to erect it into a
separate department.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not understand that
the gentleman had any objection to the principle
of the bill. I infer that he objects to investing
the Attorney General with authority to control
and dircct the judicial proceedings of the Uni-
ted States. I submit to the House that this is a
bill sent to the Senate by the Attorney General
himself. It is supported by very good reasons
assigned by him in a written brief. The chief
object of the bill, as I said before, is to transfer
to the Attorney General of the United States all
control over the district courts and their assistants,
which is now vested by existing laws in the Sec-
rctarv of the Interior.
Mr. McCLERNAND. One word more, and I
have done. If I mistake not, a similar request was
made by Attorney General Gushing, and Congress
refused to grant it. I think that similar requests
have been made from time to time by Attorneys
General, and that Congress has hitherto refused
to concede to the Attorney General this power.
In other words, Congress lias uniformly declined
to erect the Attorney General into a sepal ate de-
partment, giving lhat officer control over all of the
district attorneys and marshals of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. . I do not think myself that
the hill erects him into a separate department of
the Government. I think it only enlarges the
sphere of his duties to the extent named in the
bill. The idea that it erects the Attorney General
into a separate department of the Government is
not warranted by the terms of the bill. It merely
enlarges his judicial functions. To that extent it
goes, and no fin tlier. But it does seem to me, in
view of past legislation touching that matter, that
it is important for us that this change should be
made, i will say tins, as an illustration of the
necessity of this law: under the existing laws of
the United States, your district attorney, no mat-
ter what the public exigency may be, cannot
strictly employ any assistant whatever to main-
tain the rights of the Government, until he makes
his special arrangement with the proposed assist-
ant, and procures the approval of the Secietary
of the Interior. That matter is transferred from
the Secretary of the Interior to the Attorney Gen-
eral, who is authorized, by the trans of tins bill,
to employ the assistants himself, or to direct their
employment, in eases of public necessity. The
eireiunst.mees which sunound the House this
day make it absolutely necessary for somebody
to be vested with this power, other than the Sec-
retary of the Interior. As it is now, the district
attorney cannot, of his own motion, do anything.
There must be a send ing backwards and forwards
before the assistant can do anything.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 do not think that that
has been the practice. 1 know that local district
attorneys have frequently employed assistants
without first, appealing to the Attorney General
or to the Secretary of the Interior for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I respect the district attor-
ney 's intention, so far as he did so where the public
exigency required it; but I will remind my friend
that here, since 1 had the pleasure first to meet
the gentleman from Illinois, a claim for services
rendered in the conspiracy case of the steamboat
Washington was objec.ted to time and again be-
cause the law was not complied with. The ser-
vices were rendered, but without the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, and the defect had
to be remedied by a special bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I recollect when I was
employed by a local attorney to assist him. I
did so, but never was paid for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think that the district
attorney showed himself wiser than the law. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Is not this bill excluded
by the terms of the Holman resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as it is a bill of
a judicial character.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM'moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONTHLY PAYMENT OF TROOPS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill providing for
the monthly payment of troops; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and ordered to
be engrossed; and beingengrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill making further ap-
propriations for the support of the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and for other
purposes, and asked that it be put on its passage.
Mr. WOOD objected.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the thanks of tins House aic hereby pie-
sented to the eighth legiment ol Massachusetts volunteers
lor their alaeiuy m lespondmg to the call ot the President,
mutter the etiei<;y and patrioti^n displayed hythein in sur-
mounting olMaeics upon sea and land which unitois lmd
interposed to impede their piogress to the defense of the
national capital.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to amend the
law providing for a uniform rule of naturalization,
and to facilitate the naturalization of such as shall,
after service ill the Army of the United States,
receive an honorable discharge therefrom; which
was read a first and second time, and-referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
SECESSION OFFICE-HOLDERS.
Mr. JULIAN offered the following resolution;
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resoheil, That the retention in office, or the piomotion
01' appointment to office, civil or military, in this city, or
throughout tile countiy, by any of the Dep.ulments ot the
Government, of men of well-known secession sympathies,
meiiis the condemnation of all loyal citizens, and iieieby
leeeivcs the repiobation of this House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Docs that include
H;irvey?
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JULIAN" moved to reconsider the vote by
which the, resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to rcconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr. CRAVENS introduced a bill to amend ail
act entitled An act to amend an actcntiUcd 'An
act to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses,5 " approved August 30, 1SG0; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
BOUNTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill granting
bounty land to certafn officers and soldiers who
have been, or who may be, engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to refer it to a select
committee of seven. «
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There are already
several bills of a similar character, which have
been referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I move that this bill take the same direction.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust it will be referred to
a select committee.
The question was put, and the bill was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; upon which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed to
consider the piopriety of granting bounty land to the offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States smce the 12th day of Apul,
1861, or who may be engaged in such service during the
present effort of the Government to maintain its authority;
and that such committee report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The previous question not
having been seconded, and the resolution giving
rise to debate, it goes over.
Mr. HOLMAN. No gentleman proposes to
debate it.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to debate it. I do
not believe that any such select committee is
necessary.
REPORTS OF CONFERENCE COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution;
Resolved, That all reports hereafter made from commit-
tees of conference, except those made on the last day of any
session of Congress, be, and they are heicby, required to
lie upon the table one day befoie their consideration by the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that the resolution is not admissible under
the rule adopted by the House at the commence-
ment of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that unless
the House can adopt rules for its proceedings, it
cannot do anything; and therefore ho rules the
resolution in order.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was not agreed to.
TII13 PRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to offer a
bill of which previous notice has been given; and
inasmuch as it was maturely considered by a se-
lect committee at the last session, I move that it
be. referred to the Committee "of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to amend the franking privilege.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
It is thai the bill is not admissible under the
standing rule adopted this session.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule anything can
be referred, and therefore the Chair overrules the
point of order.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
RESICI NATION 01' CADETS.
Mr. HARRISON introduced a bill prescribing
the condition upon which lcsignations of cadets
of the Military Academy at West Point may be
accepted; which was read a lirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. RIDDLE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the special committee to establish a na-
tional ariuoiy west ot the Alleghany mountains be in-
stiueted to inquire into the expediency of establishing the
armoiy at the eity of Cleveland, Ohio.
EQUALITY OF THE STATES.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That, under the Constitution, the right®, pow-
ers, and duties ot'ail the States ot the Union are equal;
that the Union is rounded m this equality; that in Older to
maintain the Coiwuution and the Union, this equality must
he pteseived; thai eveiy honest effort to perpetuate tile
Union must be made in aecoidance with the Constitution,
and with a purpose to maintain tins equality; that an at-
tempt on the part of the Federal Government to subjugate
any ol" the State*, and hold them as teriitories or provinces,
or in arry position ulterior to that ot eveiy oilier fc-tate, or
to interfere with their State governments, 01 with their do-
mestic institutions, or to abolish or interfere with slavery
