868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If there is any j
business to come before the House—anything j
within the rules, of course I will not insist on ,
my motion. The Speaker announced that there !
was no business before the House, and therefore j
I moved an adjournment, I will withdraw the
motion, and see what will come next.
bridge over tiie potomac.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the House
resolve itself into<he Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up Senate bill No, 46, for constructing abridge
at the Long Bridge, over the Potomac.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. Does that bill come within the rule re-
stricting the business of the House ?
The SPEAKER. If it were in the House, the
Chair would be inclined to think it does not.
Mr. BURNETT. Then the proper place to
raise the point is in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I will raise it there.
The^uestion was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
increase the mcdical corps of the Navy; and an
act authorizing the appointment of an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, and fixing the salary of the
same, and for other purposes.
conference report.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether the
second conference committee on the Army bill has
agreed to a report, and whether there is any prob-
ability of the report coming in this afternoon?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The committee of
conference on Senate bill No. 3 has agreed on a
report, and the icport is already drawn up, but is
not yet signed by all the members of the commit-
tee.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether there is any necessity for our
remaining longer in session to-day; whether this
report cannot be acted on just as well to-morrow
as to-day ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is for the
House itself to judge.
purchase op arms.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Ilonsc pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate bill No. 52, to provide for the purchase
of arms, ordnance,and ordnancestoies, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill appropriates $10,000,000 for the pur-
chase and manufacture of arms, ordnance, and
ordnance stoies.
The question being on the third reading,
Mr. BURNETT. Isnot that bill to be referred
to a committee*
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; I move to have it re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
oath of allegiance.
Senate bill No. 54, requiring an oath of alle-
giance and to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to be administered to certain persons in
the civil service of the United States, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to lefer that bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
employment of volunteers.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution construing an act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volun-
tas to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
the public property;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to make a short
statement m reference to the objects and purposes
of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that when
th'1 grntluman asked and obtained consent to in-
tiodueo the bill for reference, it is not in order to
debuto it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
Mr. COLFAX. I object.
delegate from new mexico.
Mr. ASIILEY presented a memorial from cit-
izens of New Mexico; which was read. The
petitioners, persons holding office in New Mex-
ico, and others of the citizens of the Territory,
represent that, by the law of the Territory, no
election for Delegate can be held before the first
Monday in September next, and that no power
is given to the Governor of the Territory to ap-
point a Delegate; that under these circumstances,
the Territory of New Mexico must remain unrep-"'
( resented at the extra session of Congress, unless
j Congress provide some other mode by which the
interest of the people can be looked after; that,
at a public meeting of the people of the Territory,
a resolution was passed requesting Judge John S.
Watts to repair to Washington as a represent-
ative of the Territory; and they ask the House to
recognize him as a legally elected Delegate.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 desiie simply to make a
statement to the House in connection with this
memorial, which I ask to have referred to the
Committee of Elections. It is well known to the
country that on the part of the Territory of New
Mexico there has been a convention held, and an
effort made to carry the Territory out of the
Union, as it is called. As the law of the Terri-
tory provides for the election of a Delegate next
September, the people can have no representation
here, unless the request of these petitioners be
acceded to: I desire to have the memorial refefrcd
to the Committee of Elections, and in the mean
time I ask that Judge Watts bentlowed the priv-
ileges of the floor, without the right to draw mile-
age or pay. 1 ask this as a mere acceding to the
request of the petition, signed as it is by the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, and by all the territorial
officers.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. This is
intended as a foundation on which to build a sort
of equitable claim for fiveorsix thousand dollars
in the way of mileage and per diem.
Mr. ASIILEY. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We are about to
adjourn m two or three days, and this thing is
very unnecessary. California is not represented
here either. I object.
Mr. DUNN. 1 ask the gentleman to withdraw
his objection for a moment to permit me to make
an explanation.
Mr. BURNETT. This thing is certainly not
in order; and I object to it. No explanation can
remove my objection.
Air. DUNN. I ask unanimous consent to make
one word of explanation,
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman makingas many remarks as he pleases;
but I object to the reception of the memorial.
The SPEAKER. The memorial is not re-
ceived.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vallandic.iiam] remarked that it would be very
improper for Judge Watts to receive his mileage
and per diem. That remark mtght indicate that
Judge Watts desired to tcceive compensation as
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico. As
he is a friend of mine whom T have known for
many years, I feel it due to him to say that, in
permitting the momoi ial to come before the House,
no neither desired nor expected any compensation
wh atever.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I did not mean to
say that lie did; but that at some future time some
of his representatives might make his recognition
here as a basis for an equitable claim against the
Government. Such things have been done before,
and may well be done again.
coston's night signals.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent of
the House, fioni the Committee on Naval Affairs,
lepoited a bill authorizing the purchase for the
;j use of the Navy of Coston's ni*ht signals; which
,, was read a first and second time, and referred to
i; the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
additional \'\yat, appropriations.
Mr. SEDGWICK also, by unanimous con-
sent, repoited, from the same committee, a bill
making further appropriations for the support of
the naval service for the year ending 30th June,
lb62; which was read a first and seco'nd time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The I-fouse thereupon (at half past one o'clock,
p. rn.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 1, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
petitions.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Charles
T.James, of Providence, Rhode Island, praying
that he may be authorized to rifle one of the large
ordinary navy guns made for throwing round
shot, and that it may be tested under the direc-
tion of a board of officers, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying that the copyright
of works and publications compiled by M. P.
Maury, late of the United States Navy, while in
the service of the Government, maybe annulled;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing.
notice of a pill.
Mr. GRIMES. I give notice that to-morrow
I shall ask leave to introduce a bill declaring the
unconstitutionality and invalidity of that act by
which it was attempted to retroccde a portion of
the District of Columbia to the State of Virginia.
bill introduced.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 16) authorizing an examination, by a board
of naval officers, of James's projectiles for rifled
cannon; which was read twice by"its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
reports from committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. y) to provide for the introduction of a code
of marine signals adapted to secret service, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment, and moved that the further consideration
of the subject be postponed to the 4th day of
December next; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 57) repealing all laws
allowing bounties on the tonnage of vessels en-
gaged in the bank and other cod fisheries, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and tl\e Militia to report
back the bill (S. No. 5) for the organization of a
volunteer militia force, to be called the National
Guard of the United States, and to move its post-
ponement to the first Monday of December next,
as we have not time now to consider a bill of so
much importance as some of us think this bill is,
I report back the bill, and move to postpone it to
the first Monday of December next.
The motion was agreed to.
john c. m'connell.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the same
committee to report back House bill No. 59, for
the relief of John C. McConnell, with an amend-
ment, and ask for its present consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the billl.
The amendment is to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the Secretary of XVm be, and he hereby is, author-
ized and directed to credit and &eule upon teims of equity
and justice, the accounts of John (J. MeConncll agamst the
United States, lor expense-; necessarily mcuired by him in
rai-ni<r a reclment of volunteers in the State of Maryland,
m May, Juno, and July, and now m the United states
service : ProiideJ, That the amount ho to bo allow(.nUna!!
not ex-eeed the sum of £8,.">00, and that it be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otUciwi&e appropuated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
