THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1861.
New Series No. 24.
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ARMS SENT TO DELAWARE.
Mr. SA ULSBURY. I ask the Senate to take
up a resolution which 1 submitted a few days ago,
calling for information from the Secretary of War.
The question was put; and the President pro
tempore declaring that the noes appeared to have
it, a division was called for.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I assure the Senate that
in calling for that information, it is not from any
objection I have that the Department of War
should send arms or ammunition into the State of
Delaware. I have no objection to this Govern-
ment sending arms to every man in the State of
Delaware. My object, however, in offering the
resolution, is to inquire to whom the arms have
been sent. I want to know whether they have
been sent to the Executive of the State, or whether
any particular portion of the people of the State
of Delaware have been selected out to be furnished
with arms, and whether citizens of the State
equally patriotic, equally loyal,'equally loving
to the Union, have been denied the possession of
arms.
There is nothing in this resolution having any
reference at all to secession or disunion 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me one moment? Is there not something
in the resolution besides that part calling for
arms ? I desire to have the resolution read in full
now, that we may see what it does contain.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to infoi m the Senate whether any aim-, or ammu-
nition of any description have been sent, or ordered to be
sent, by the War Department, into the State of Delaware
since t he 1st day of July, instant; and if so, for what pur-
pose, of what kind and description, in what number and
quantif}, upon who^e application sent or ordered to be
sent, and to whom sent or ordered to bo sent.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion is
to take up the resolution for consideration. That
motion does not open the door to general discus-
sion on the merits of the resolution. The ques-
tion is on taking; it up for consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was stating the reasons
why I thought the Senate ought to take it up. If
the Senate will indulge me, 1 have onlyaremark
or two further to submit.
I know the fact, and I presume there are other
Senators on this floor who know the fact, that
there are men in every community who, for the
sake of ingratiating themselves with " the powers
that be," and making it appear to " the powers
that be" that they ate more patriotic than their
neighbors, undertake to give private information
in reference to the disloyalty of their neighbors.
I know that while Delaware is as loyal and patri-
otic as Vermont, or Maine, or any other State,
or even Kansas, if my friend before me will allow
me so to say, attempts have been made by a few
persons to create the impression that there are
men m that State who are not loyal to the Gov-
ernment; that there are friends of disunion and
friends of secession in that State. I deny the
charge, and I wish to know upon whose applica-
tion it is that the arms that have been ordered into
my State have been sent there. That is one ob-
ject, in order that if any persons have given wrong
information in reference to the character of the
State or the citizens of the State, the people of
that State may know who they are.
The question being put on the motion to take
up the resolution, the ayes were ten.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not a majority of
a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
division is insisted on, the Chair will dcclare the
vote in the negative. The Senate refuses to take
up the resolution for consideration.
FORTIFICATIONS AND ARMY REGULATIONS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
24
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to re-
port a bill (S. No. 63) making appropriations for
fortifications, and for other purposes; and I ask
that it be considered at this time.
The bill was read the first time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, this bill will have its second reading
at length. The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was read the second time. It proposes
to appropriate the sum of $100,000 for contin-
gencies for fortifications, to be used and applied
under the direction of the Secretary of War. It
further provides that any commissioned officer of
the Army, Navy, or Marine Corps, who, having
tendered his resignation, shall, prior to due notice
of its acceptance by proper authority, and with-
out leave, quit his post or proper duties, with the
intent to remain permanently absent, shall be
registered as a deserter, and punished as sush.
The bill also proposes to abolish flogging as a
punishmentfordesertion; and appropriates $5,000
for removing stables and other obstructions from
the grounds around the Washington Infirmary
used as an Army hospital, and grading those
grounds to secure proper drainage; the money to
be expended under the direction of the Surgeon
General of the Army.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out of that bill
the words "for desertion," after the clause abol-
ishing flogging as a punishment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
EFFICIENCY OF THE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. The samecommittce,to whom
was refcried the bill (S. No. 44) to promote the
efficiency of the volunteer forces of the United
States, have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert the following:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
dischaige from the service of the United States any com-
missioned officer or officers of the volunteers, who has
been or shall be accepted in or appointed to that service,
for incapacity or ineliiciency, or lor misconduct or neglect
of official duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was*reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
CONSULAR FEES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Commitee on Com-
merce, who were instructed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire into the propriety of making
some change in the consular fees, have directed
me to report a bill to reduce consular fees for ves-
sels juiming to or between foreign ports, and I
ask for its immediate consideration.
The bill (S. No. 64) to ieduce consular fees for
vessels running to or between foreign ports was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that American vessels run-
ning regularly, by weekly or monthly trips or
otherwise, to or between foreign ports, shall not
be required to pay fees to consuls for more than
four trips in a year, anything in the laws or regu-
lations respecting consular fees to the contrary
notwithstanding.
"The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. , j
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. \j
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore, laid before the
Senate the bill (S. No. 43) to prevent and punish
fraud on the part of the officers intrusted with the
making of contracts for the Government, which
had been returned from the House of Representa-
tives with amendments.
The first amendment of the House was in sec-
tion two, line seven, after the word "me," to
insert " personally;" so that it would read :
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that the copy of the con-
tract hereto annexed is an exact copy of a contract made
by me personally with, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the House was, in sec-
tion two, line nine, after the word ii any," to in-
sert "such;" so as to read "any such benefit or
advantage."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I was temporarilyabsentwhen
this bill was brought up. I do not know that I
am opposed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives; but I am constrained to say that
I am opposed to the bill itself. I believe this bill
has passed the Senate, and has since passed the
House of Representatives with amendments, and
comes here now simply for us to concur in the
amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was the
only question,
Mr. WILSON. Can we not lay the bill on th,e
tabic, or defeat it in any way now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now out of the reach of the Senate, unless there .
is a motion to reconsider the vote agreeing to the
House amendments.
Mr. WILSON. I will make that motion; and
I will state briefly the reason why I make it. The
bill, when it was before us, passed without any
notice on my part. When it came back from the
other House, I glanced at the bill, and asked that
it be laid over. I have since examined the bill,
and I am satisfied that if it passes it will cripple
this Government beyond calculation. If the Ad-
ministration undertakes to adhere to the bill, it
cannot carry on this Government, cannot admin-
ister the War office; and that is the opinion of the
men who have the Government to administer. I
think that the laws which we now have on the
statute-book are ample and sufficient to protect
the country.
I know, sir, it is an ungracious task to say any-
thing against a bill intended to correct abuses, or
to correct corruptions in the Government; and
any Senator or Representative who takes this
position, may be misunderstood in the country.
But, sir, I am satisfied, 1 entertain not the shadow"
of a doubt, that the passage of the bill will work
incalculable evil to the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wherein?
Mr. WILSON. I am asked to say wherein.
Suppose the Commander-in-Chief orders the
Army of the United States to move to a certain
position,.a position where he wishes and where
it is necessary to consume supplies to the extent
of tens, and perhaps hundreds of thousands of
dollars, and the supplies must be obtained instan-
taneously by a telegraphic dispatch: does not
this bill stand in the way of that operation ? Does
not the bill clog the operations of the Gluaiter-
master's department? General Meigs, who is
carrying on that department of the Government
with unsurpassed obility, infusing vigor and en-
ergy into it, bringing the resources of this nation
to bear in a manner that excites the admiration
of all who have examined the subject, has left it
in writing on the bill after examining it, that the
bill is utterly impracticable, and that it will work
great evil, and that he cannot carry on the Gov-
ernment under it. I have no question of his in-
tegrity. I have nothing but admiration for the
ability with which he has administered his de-
partment of the Government. I sent the bill to
^nim, wishing his opinion upon the subject, and
he has given his opinion, and it is that the bill is
impracticable; and he says further, that under
existing laws which he follows, he thinks that
the department is well guarded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
bill read. I have never read it, and I believe
this is the first time I have heard of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information.
The Secretary read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote concurring
in the House amendments.
