1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5.71
effect attributed to it by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I think I shall hardly feel justified in
voting for it; but I am not inclined to think that
it is subject to theobjections which he takes to it.
If I comprehend the bill, it makes no change what-
ever in existing laws on the subject of contracts
further than to require that all contracts, when
made—and they may be made uuder existing
laws, after the passage of this bill as well as now
—shall be verified by affidavit and filed in the ap-
propriate Department, where they will be open
to inspection and examination at any time here-
after. Nor does it, according to my apprehen-
sion of it, at all interfere with purchases by
telegraph instantaneously when the emergencies
require them, to any extent whatever, that may
be deemed necessary by those charged with the
performance of the duly. Its whole scope is to
iequire that at a leasonable time after the con-
tract is made, the contract shall be reduccd to
writing, verified by affidavit, and filed in the ap-
propriate office.
Nor, sir, do I think it subject to the objection
that was suggested by the Senator from Maine.
Although it goes into immediate effect, I do not
suppose it would suspend the making of contracts
and the providing of all arms, ammunition, pro-
visions, subsistence, clothing—everything that is
necessary for the efficient and energetic action of
the Army. I do not suppose it would suspend
the power of the officers to go on and contract
just as they have contracted heretofore; but as
soon as they can conveniently, they will furnish
a form of contract which will be as nenrly uni-
form as possible. In the mean time, I apprehend
they can go on and contract as they have done,
reducing these contiacts to writing within the
time prescribed by the bill, verify them by affi-
davit, and file them. I think that is the whole
scope of the bill; and it does not, in any sense or
to any extent whatever, interfere with existing
laws. There is no provision in this bill repealing
any preexisting law; nor is there any incompati-
bility between it and the existing laws which
would, by implication, repeal any of them.
Mr. WILSON. With the construction Sena-
ators of great legal ability put upon this bill, I
certainly have no objection to it; and I withdraw
the motion made for reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider the vote concurring in the House
amendments being withdrawn, the bill will be
returned to the House of Representatives, with
notice of our concurrence.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiiemdge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 78) to amend an act
entitled " An act supplementary to the act enti-
tled * An act providing for a naval peace establish-
ment, and for other purposes,' " passed March
27, 1804.
The message further announced that the House
had receded from its first amendment to the bill
of the-Senate (No. 3G) to provide for the con-
struction of one or more armoied ships and float-
ing batteries, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 52) to pro-
vide for the purchase of arms, ordnance, and ord-
nance stores.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 41)
supplementary to " An act to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 87) authorizing additional enlist-
ments in the Navy of the United States;
A bill (No. 93) making an appropriation for
field fortifications for the defenses of the city of
Washington and elsewhere; and
A bill (No. 93) making appropriation to pay
the expenses of the investigating committees of
the House of Representatives and Senate, ap-
pointed the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and of the commission authorized to
examine and leportas to the compensation of all
officers of the Government.
ORGANIZATION OP THE AI151Y.
Mr. WILSON, from the second committee of
conference onNthe disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 3) providing for the
better organization of the military establishment,
submitted the following report:
Tiie committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
ttie two Houses bn the bill (S. No. 3) piovidingforthe better
organization of the military establishment, having met,
alter lull and free conference have agieed to recommend,
and do recommend, to then respective Houses, as follows:
Th.it the House recede fjom its amendments to the Sen-
ate bill, and agice to the bill, with the following amend-
ments:
Page 1, section two, line seven, after the word "cavalry,"
stake out as tollows: u eight assistant adjutants geneial,
six commissaries of subsistence, lour quaitermasteia, and
twenty assistant quaiterniaster*."
Page 1, section two, hue thntcen, after the word " estab-
lishment,'" stake out as follows: u and to hold then offices
foi thiee yems, unless sooner dischaiged and in lieu
thereof, add all aftei the enacting clause of the second sec-
tion ol the amendments ot the House to the Senate bill.
Page 1, section throe, line thiee, alter the woid "en-
gineeis," stake out as follows: "and to the Otdnance
department."
Page 2, section thiee, at the end of the section, add all
aftei the enacting clauses of sections thiee and four of the
amendments of uie House to the Senate bill.
Page 4, section eight, at the end of the section, add the
second ptoviso ot section eleven of tiie amendments of the
House to the Senate bill.
Pago 7, section seventeen, line eight, after the word
" pay," iuseit %l and emoluments."
Page 10, section twenty, line live, after the word "Ite-
gistei," insert the woids " oi Navy ltegistei, as the case
may be."
Mr. "WILSON. This report is very long, and
was read through the other day. It has been
slightly modified now, and unless it is requested
it need not be read again. It will take consider-
able time to read it through. I can state the mod-
ifications.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
report, as follows:
Sections eleven, M\teon, twenty-two. twenty-four, and
twenty five, stake out all of sections eleven, sixteen,
twenty-two, twcnty-ioui, and twenty-five,ot the Senate
bill.
Section fmuteen. at the end of the section, add, as fol-
lows: '• Proiidcd, That after the present insuriceuon shall
cease, the ration shall he as provided by law and icgulatious
oil the 1st day of July, 1861."
Mr. GRIMES. T should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether the ration, as we now have it fixed by
this report, will increase the cost to the Govern-
ment, and how much? I understand it does. I
do not object to the vaiiation and extension of the
ration; I think that is light; but what I want to
get at is whether, where the ration is commuted,
it is to be commuted at the old rote, (which 1
want to have done,) or whether it will be com-
muted at the increased expense of the ration as
we are about to establish it, which i understand
will be some twenty-four cents. It makes, in
some cases, a very material difference. Whoijpit
goes to the soldier he uses the ration; I am per-
fectly content that he should have the twenty-
four-cent ration; but where it js to be commuted
for the benefit of the officer, who already gets a
laigc salary and laige emoluments, wc ought to
have some limitation on it. 1 do not kndw how
that is.
Mr. WIT-SON. I understand 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair must
state that it is not practicable or in order to enter
on a discussion while the repoit is being read.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg pardon of the Chair. I
supposed it was in order to speak on each amend-
ment as it came up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The discus-
sion of the report is not in order until it is read
through, its reading being required by a member.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the report, as follows:
Section eighteen. line ten, after the woid " pay," inseit
" and emoluments and in the same line, after the woid
" namely.5" add as lollow-?: " the pay piopei of the highest
i.u.k held bvlum at the time ot Ins retn emenr. whether by
staff or legimeutal eomrm->ion, and lour rations per day,
and without any othci pay, emoluments, and allowance;
ami the next other i in iank idiu.ll be piumoted to the place
of the ieiire.1 oiticei, according to the established itiles of
the soiviee; and the same mle of piomotioa shall be ap-
plied successively to tiie vacancies consequent upon the
letircnient of an officci : Provided. That should the Brevet
Lieutenant Grnetal be retned under this act, it shall be
without lednction in his current pay, subsistence, orallow-
anceo: And jnovided Jurther, That theic shall not be on
the retired list, atxmy one time, more flian seven per centum
of the whole number of offieeis of the Army, as fixed by
law." : - , 1
Section nineteen, strike out section nineteen of die Sen-
ate bill, and in lieu thereof insert all of section twenty of
the amendments of the House to said biil,,with the follow-
ing amendment to said amendment: in line three of'said
amendment, after the word " War," insert " or 'Seeretarv
of the Navy, as the case may be:" and in line five of said
amendment of the House, after the word " board," strike
out" of the medical staff," and in lieu thereof insert " of
not more than nine nor Jess than five commissioned officers,
two fifths of whom shall be of the medical staff; the board,
except those taken from the medical staff, to be composed,
as far as may be, of his seniors in rank."
In section twenty-six, line 8, after the word "pay,"
insert "and emoluments."
In section twenty-seven, line nine, after the word " pay,"
inseit "and emoluments."
In line thirty-four, (same section,) after the word "dol-
lars," insert, " and with lour rations per day to each of the
above-named officers of the Navy, to be commuted at thirty
cents each lation, and."
In line forty-seven, (same section.) strike out all after
the woid "officer" to the end of the suction.
In section twenty-eight, line fourteen, after the word
" officers," inseit as follows t '< two fuths of whom shall be
members of the Medical buicauof the Navy; the board,
except those taken Irom the Medical bureau."
That the Senate do concur iu the foregoing amendments
to-the hill.
HENRY WILSON,
J. A. McDOUGALL,
I agree to this report, except as to the proposed increase
of the staff of the Army.
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FltANCIS P. BLAIR, Jr.,
J. S. JACKSON,
x WILLIAM D. KELLEY,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Will the Senate concur in the report of the
committee of conference?"
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. The idea of understand-
ing wluit the committee have agreed upon by
reading to us some half a dozen pages of what is
to be put in, like a new patch into an old garment,
without it being explained how and where it comes
in, is to me a little extraordinary; and if other
men are astute enough to understand the report,
I must acknowledge that 1 am not. I do not under-
stand what it means. It has not been printed; we
have not seen it in a shape in which we can ex-
amine it. I do understand this, however, that the
Senate came very distinctly to the conclusion, that
if there was a retired list, the officers should be
retired on half pay, which is the usual practice of
other nations, and which has worked well. That
certainly was my idea, and I think it was the
view of the Senate. It was said, however, that
there was a difficulty of getting at a man's half
pay, the pay of our officers being graded by pe-
riods of service, and they having various allow-
ances in a variety of respects. I was willing then
to say, that they might have the pay proper, as
it is called, to which they were entitled at the
time of being retired, thinking that that would
amount to about one half of the actual pay, com-
mutation and all; and I therefore was willing to
agree, and did for one agree, to the conclusion to
which the Senate came, that these officers might
be retired with their pay proper. Now, I under-
stand that, by the arrangement contained in this
report, each retired officer is to have, in addition
to that, four rations a day. I am opposed to it.
I voted against it herctofoic, and X desire to vote
against it a^ain.
Mr. SHERMAN. E agree entirely with the
Senator from Vermont as to thequestion of pay-
ing retired officers; but we had either to leave
these officers on full pay in the Army and Navy
during this war—or in other words, to defeat this
proposition for a retired list—or else accept it as
it is. It simply adds to the rates fixed by the-
Senate, a dollar and twenty cents a day. I
should have much preferred it if they had said
a dollar and twenty cents a day, and said nothing
about rations; but the legal effcct is the same.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman if he
thinks it is the same. We have been raising the
ration to-day, I believe, in this very bill. The
commutation keeps growing with the ration.
Mr, SHERMAN. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator; he is mistaken. The commutation of the
ration stands precisely as it did before; but where
the ration is dealt out in kind, a few more articles
are given. The commutation of the ration is the
same fixed by law—thirty cents a day.
