m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
August 1,
\
Mr. COLL.AMER. Is that expressed in the
bill? , '
"Mr. SHERMAN. It is very clear. The ra-
tion stands the same as before; but when it is
taken in kind, there are a few more articles
added.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the bill say so f
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the effect, there is
no doubt. I will further state that this is an ad-
dition of $1 20 a day to the retired pay of all the
officers. I think the Senate gave them enough;
indeed, I think the Senate gave them a little too
much; but the committee of conference had to de-
cide whether they would defeat the bill entirely,
and let these old superannuated officers remain,
receiving the full pay of the highest grades in the
Army or Navy, or whether we should retire them
with their pay proper, and give this additional
$1 20 a day. As a matter of economy and wis-
dom, I thought it better to compromise and make
the best terms we could with the House of Rep-
resentatives, with the distinct understanding, how-
ever, on my part, at least, that hereafter I shall
do all 1 can to strike out this $1 20 a day; and I
hope to see it accomplished before long.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me that would
be hardly fair. The inducement to retire a man
is the provision made for him. Everybody that
has anything to do with this retired list, in decid-
ing who shallgoonthelist, stops to consider what
the retired officers are to have. The President can
dismiss allthese superannuated men to-day; he has
a right to dismiss them; to strike them oft the roll.
I mean he has the power to do it. The reason he
will not do it—it has never been done, and prob-
ably never will be—is because there is no provis-
ion for them; but the moment there is reasonable
provision for them, the President will act. 1 would
give them what is right; and if they would not
take that, I would dismiss them at once.
Mr, SHERMAN. It comes to this: the House
and Senate disagree as to what is right; the Sen-
ate have their ideas, and the House have theirs.
This was a kind of half-way house between, and
the only terms on which we could agree.
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to ask a question of
the chairman of the committee, as I was not at
the mooting. As ( undeistand it, it is proposed
to increase the ration aceordingto my proposition
—merely until the close of the war ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. I disapprove of the allowance of
commutation pay to officers on the retired list;
but, as I have to vote on the report as a whole, 1
shall vote in the affirmative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Muw.srs, Anthony, lUkcr, Chandler, Clark, DIx-
on, Fessenden, Poof, Foster, Cinmes, Ilarrw, Howe, John-
son of'Tennes^ee, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas,
Latham, McDoujmIL Morrill, l'omeioy, Ktce, Sherman,
Suuiuor, Ten JGycK, Thomson, Wade, VVilkinson, and Wil-
son—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Jkujht, Browning, Collamer, Cowan,
J>ooJittle, Johnson ot Mlssouii, Polk, aaubbury. andTium-
Imil—9.
So the report was concurred in.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill which was yester-
day postponed until to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and
for other purposes, is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole; the question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Carlii.e] to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Carlile, which was to strike out the eighth sec-
tion, in the following words :
k Sec. 8. Jlmlbe it further enacted, That any military com-
mander afoiesaid, in any distnet deelared to bo in a state
ot' insurrection ami wai, may entire anv pei.son suspected
ot disloyalty to the Government ot the United State*. to be
In ought betore him, and may administer oi catuo to be ;ul-
linmsteied to such person, an oath of allegiance, as follows:
I do solemnly swear (oi affirm) that I will suppoit, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution and Government ot the
United State's against all enemies, whether domestic or for-
eign, and that I will bear true faith and loyalty to the same,
any ordinance or re&oiution of any State convention oi
Legislature to the contrary notwithstanding ; and furlhci,
that I do this with a full detcimination and pledge, without
any mental reservation or evasion whatever: t-o help me
God. And on their refusal to take such oath, they shall
be detained as prisoners untd the restoration of quint and
peace in the locality where such arrests may have been
made. And any person having taken said oath who shall
afterwards be taken in arms against the Government, or
found aiding and abetting its enemies and opposes, shall
be subject to the same punishment pi escribed for ttyose who
violate their parol, as piovided in the seventh section of
this act."
Mr. COWAN. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill now before the Senate until
the second Monday in December next.
Mr. BAYARD. If that motion shall prevail,
I do not desire to discuss the merits of this bill
now. I think itinvolves vecy grave constitutional
questions, and I confess I am unable to see its
necessity. If we are at war, there is no, doubt
that the rights and usages of war belong to and
apply to the war, without any bill passed on our
part. That arises under the laws of nations, and
not under special legislation. I believe myselt
that we are at war. Hut if it is the determination
of the Senate to go oil with the consideration of
the bill, I shall feel myself, though oppressed by
the weather, compelled to discuss its provisions,
and show in what respects I consider it in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, and
also explain the danger that arises from such a
bill. I do not see its necessity, and I think it
would be much wiser to postpone it. It is cer-
tainly a bill of the first impression in this coun-
try. Nothing like it has ever been attempted be-
fore. I think that the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania had much better be entertained.
The bill can go over to the next session, and if
then Congress determines that such a bill is ne-
cessary, we can all be heard'on it. It requires, I
think, full discussion before it can be passed. I
will wait until the decision of the Senate on the
pending motion. If the Senate determines that
they will not postpone the bill, of course I must
go on with the discussion.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall vote for this motion to
postpone, although in committee I was in favor
of reporting this bill. I regard the bill as one of
great importance—too great importance, perhaps,
and too novel in its features and character, to be
sufficiently matured at the present session. The
temper of the Senate and the temperature of the
weather are against it.
I said that the features of this bill were novel.
It contemplates a state of things which was never
before contemplated in this country. Our Con-
stitution was fiamod with no reference to such a
state of things. We have a state of civil war.
Here is a bolt of country lying along the Virginia
side of the Potomac in a perfect state of anarchy.
Civil authority has disappeared; civilgovernment
no longer exists; crime is committed with im-
punity. What shall be done? I am credibly in-
formed that, without process, arrests for high
crimes have been made, and that'now the jail at
Alexandria is nearly filled with prisoners who
have been committed on military authority, with-
out civil pre^ess—one for murder, several for as-
saults upon females with the vilest purposes,
others for minor offenses. What is to be done
with these men? My own impression is, after
giving it some consideration, that the military
power has authority to try and dispose of these
cases, and I have come to that conclusion with a
good deal of hesitation. J find that Judge Wood-
bury, in giving his dissenting opinion in the Rhode
Island rebellion case, where martial law had been
declared by the Legislature of the State, suggested
the idea that in certain extreme cases it might be
done. I incline to think that in a state of war,
whether it be foreign war—as when General Scott
assumed this authority in Mexico—or domestic
war, it may be done. I will quote the language
of Judge Woodbury:
" The necessities of foreign war, it i=> conceded, some-
times impaitgicat poweis as to both thm^> and prisons.
But they aie modified by tho^e necessities and subjected
to numerous lobulations of national law and justice and
humanity." >•*■** So may it be m some
cxtMuno stages of civil war. Among these, my impression
I-, that a state of war, whether foicign or domestic, may
exist, in the gieat peul.> ot which it iC competent. undents
rights lll|d (J'i piuieiple* of u.itioii.il l.uv, tor a commanding
officer of troops undej the eontiollnuj Government to extend
certain lights of w.u, not only over his camp, but its elm-
ions and the near field ot military operations."—How-
ard's Reports, vol. 7, p. b3, Luther vs. Borden ck al.
I regard that as sound; and yet, as I have said,
I have some hesitation in coming to that conclu-
sion. However that may be, I am satisfied that
the question is so novel, the principles are so im-
portant, (though I cannot sec that the bill is fraught
with those serious difficulties which were alluded
to the other day by the Senator from Kentucky,)
that we cannot properly mature it at this session;
and I am therefore—without discussing the merits
of the bill further, regarding it as a bill of much
greater importance than if seems to have been con-
sidered by most of the Senators who have spoken
on the question—in favor of postponing it until
December; and I havenodoubt that it will become
necessary for Congress then to mature a bill oni
the subject. If our Army shall progress south-
ward, as I trust in God it will, before that time,
there will be not only a belt of country along the?
borders of the Potomac, but we shall have the
whole State of Virginia, and I hope still more ter-
ritory, which will be embraced within the consid-
erations which the bill involves. I am in favor,
therefore, under the circumstances, of postponing
the bill until December.
Mr. BROWNING. I hope the bill will not be
postponed until December. It is not as perfect,
I know, as it ought to be, or as perfect as we can
probably make it; but in my judgment, it is one
of the most important measures that has been
introduced into tins body, for our consideration,
during the present session, or that can be intro-
duced at any subsequent session of the Congress
of the United States; and we ought now to adopt
some legislation upon the subject that will be a
guide for our conduct in the very difficult condi-
tion of things—the very distressing emergencies
that exist in the district of country alluded to by
the Senator from New York; and i think we
oughtnotto adjourn until we have done something
that will be a guide to those who have the man-
agement and control of these matters, and that
will enable them to bring something of order out
of the confusion and anarchy that prevail, and
will prevail, wherever the armies march. If we
cannot prescribe a rule, how can we expect the
officers in the active service of the country to do
it? It is our duty to do it, and to inform them
what is their duty, and what course of conduct
they ought to pursue under existing emergencies.
I trust that we shall do the best we can to perfect
the bill, and make it just as perfect as we can at
this session, leaving to time and practice under
it to point out its dcfccts; and we shall then,cer-
tainly, be better enabled to legislate on the sub-
ject at the next session, than we shall if we post-
pone it entirely now.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am quite aware
that it is not in older, on a motion to postpone i\
bill, to enter into discussion on its merits, and 1
shall not violate what I regard as the parliament-
ary rule. I desire, therefore, now to make but
one or two observations.
I shall vote to postpone this bill. We have had,
in my judgment, a groat many measures of ex-
traordinary and unconstitutional legislation. I
am glad to see the Senate at last pause and stag-
ger before one, and that is Senate bill No. 33. I
shall vote for the motion, not that I am indisposed
to have the bill aired before the country. I would
be perfectly willing to see this bill discussed. 1
wish it were published in every newspaper in the
United States. 1 believe that if that were done,
it would meet the almost universal condemnation
(not to employ a stronger term) of the people. I
regard several bills which we have passed as bills
for the absolute confiscation of all properly in the
seceded States, and the endangering of all prop-
erty in most of the adhering States; and after we
have by previous bills made preparation and ar-
rangements for the confiscation of property, this
bill, by the mostclaborate arrangements,provides
for the destruction of political and personal rights
everywhere. It is a hill, sir, which abolishes, in
the discretion of the Executive and of his militai y
subordinates, not only the right to the writ of
habeas corpus and the right of trial by jury before
civil tribunals for crimes committed by citizens,
but it absolutely abolishes, at his discretion, all
State governments, all the judicial, executive, and
legislative functions of State governments, and
authorizes subordinate military commanders to
substitute rules and regulations at their will for
the laws of the different Commonwealths of this
Union, and practically would operate as hardly
upon the non-seceded as upon the seceded States.
I consider it, therefore, a bill practically to abol-
ish the State governments, and every vestige we
have remaining of political and personal liberty.
I shall vote for the postponement; and if it is not
postponed, but we enter upon the discussion of it*
