1861.
THE COffG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall take some occasion before it passes to enlarge
upon these ideas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
wish to detain the Senate, or to press pertinaciously
upon its consideration a bill which there seems to
be an indisposition to consider. I regret that my
friend, the Senator from New York, should have
thought it advisable to recommend a postpone-
ment of the bill until December. If a bill of this
character is needed at all, its necessity grows out
of the emergencies of our condition, the anoma-
lous state of things in the country. Now, sir,
what do we find? The Senator from Kentucky
thinks that this bill allows the military authorities
great power to arrest men. Are they not arrested
now? Are not men arrested in the city of Balti-
more and already in confinement, and sent from
Baltimore to other places to be confined? Are
they not arrested in Missouri ? Are they not ar-
rested in my State? Before I left home, the mil-
itary authorities in Illinois had arrested persons
charged with treason. One of the very men cap-
tured in Camp Jackson, in the State of Missouri,
with arms in his hands, was discharged in the
State of Illinois on a writ of habeas corpus, by the
judge of our court. That is an instance where
one was discharged. In other instances the mili-
tary commanders have refused to make any return
of the prisoners, I think the prisoner taken at
Campjackson oughtnotto have been discharged;
but the judge of the United States court for the
district of Illinois thought differently, and did
discharge him.
Now, in my judgment, there is resting upon
us as heavy and as high a responsibility as was
ever devolved upon men at any time in the his-
tory of the world. The existence of constitu-
tional government is at stake. A Constitution,
devised peihaps by the wisest men who ever un-
dertook to frame a Government., is threatened
seriously with overthrow. An attempt is now
made to overturn a Constitution designed to be
perpetual, to contain within itself the means of
alteration and change as the changing exigencies
ofsociety,as the changcs m times mightirquire;
calculated peaceably to incorporate into itself all
the reforms which future circumstanccs might
require. An attempt is now made to disrupt the
Government. We are engaged in a civil war;
and I believe we have voted to raise §500,000,000,
to raise five hundred thousand volunteers, to fight
to maintain this Constitution". And now,can i-t be
possible that Senators of the United States, paid
by the year, salaried officers, in their hurry to get
home for their personal convenience, when our
brothers and our children are sleeping upon the
ground, when we are taxing the people to their
utmost capacity, and when the blood of our citi-
zens is being poured out to sustain this Govern-
ment, can justify it to themselves to go away
without maturing the bill, if it be of the import-
ance suggested by the Senator from New York?
There was an excuse for the President of the
United States and the Administration in assuming
the authority which it did. I know, sir, that the
officers of the United States, under the authority of
the President, have entered houses, have searched
them, have imprisoned citizens, are holding them
in prison, and have done various acts, for a sti ict
authority to do which you will search in vain;
but they did them under the necessity of the case
to preserve the Republic. But when Congress
convenes clothed with the war-making power;
when Congress convenes whoso duty it is to pro-
vide for suppressing this rebellion, upon whom is
devolved authority to make war, not merely for-
eign war, but civil war, if necessary, to preserve
the Government, or rather to accept the civil war
that is forced upon the country; when Congress
convenes upon whom is devolved the duty of
providing for calling forth the militia to suppress
and put down rebellion; I ask if it is consistent
with our duty to go away leaving these powers
to be exercised by military authority without any
of the restraints of law? I know it is difficult to
get your attention; I know there is a disposition
to fiive the bill under consideration the go-by;
but^ Senators, let me ask you, how you can rec-
oncile it to your duty, when you appeal to the
patriotism of this country to come to the rescue
of the Constitution and the Government, to go
away, arid allow that Constitution to be violated
every day, because you yourselves refused to
clothe your military officers with the warrant of
law?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. -With the permission
of the Senator from Illinois, I desire to state that
I voted yesterday to postpone the consideration
of this bill until to-day, as a matter of courtesy
to the Senator from Delaware. I had no idea then
of subjecting myself to the charge that it was for
the purpose of giving it the go-by. I look upon
this bill as one of the most important to be passed
at this session; and will now vote against all post-
ponements of the bill until it is passed, if we have
the numbers to pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said I did not wish to
take up the time of the Senate, or pertinaciously
to urge this bill upon their consideration; and
having stated whatl believe to be my duty to the
country, and called the attention of Senators, so
far as I am able to get it, to the importance of our
clothing the executive authority and the mili-
tary commanders with all the power that is ne-
cessary to crush the rebellion, and of doing it
before we adjourn, I am willing that the vote snail
be tnken as to the postponement of the bill until
December. If it is the opinion of the Senate that
it is better to let the military authorities, with-
out any of the restraints of law, or without any
regulation bylaw, go on and take such power as
they may deem necessary—if we, the represent-
atives of the States, and the Representatives of the
the people in the other branch of Congress, are
ready to place half a million men and §500,000,000
in the hands of any Executive, or any Adminis-
tration, without limit or restraint, without any
provision whatever, leaving the commanders to
go wherever they please, and arrest whom they
please—of course this bill, or any thing like it, will
be postponed. That it is perfect, I do not pre-
tend; its details may be defective; but that some
bill should bo provided by which every act that
it is necessary for the military officers to do, may
be done in pursuance of law, derived from that
branch of the Government which has authority
to declare war, to suppress rebellion, and to raise
armies, and is necessarily clothed with all the
power to m,ike the war effective, to put the rebel-
lion down, and restore peace to the country, is to
my mind too clear for argument.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this motion to postpone, because I believe
every section in this bill but one is violative of
the Constitution of the United States. I believe
it is, in fact, making a dictator of the President of
the United States; and that, if it passes, there will
not be, in fact, a free citizen in any State of the
United States. Why, sir, if this bill passes, the
President of the United States can declare my
State m rebellion to-morrow; he can declare the
State of New York, or any other State, in rebel-
lion to-morrow; all that has to be done is for the
military commander to make proclamation thereof,
and lie can then arraign before a court-martial
any citizen of the United States, and subject him
to trial by court-martial, instead of allowing him
to be tried according to the law of the land. Sir,
I have regarded this, from its first introduction,
as the most dangerous bill that was ever intro-
duced, not only into this body, but into any le-
gislative body of which I have had any knowledge
that has ever existed on the face of the. earth. I
think it clothes the President of the United States,
if possible, with greater power than any dictator
was ever clothcd with in any period of Roman
history.
For these reasons, because the bill, in every sec-
tion of it except one, is violative of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; because it is a total
destruction of the freedom of the citizen; because
it is a total change of the very foim of Govern-
ment under which we live, 1 shall vote mostcheer-
fully for its postponement now, and I would vote
for its indefinite postponement forever. _
The PPtESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until the second Monday of December next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAKER. 1 was absent daring the most
of this discussion, and I should like to ask a ques-
tion, which I hope may be answered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois or the Senator from Delaware.
Nobody in the world would be more unwilling
than I to unjustly subordinate the civil to .the mil-
itary authority; and if the, facts-are as they are
stated on the other side, I shall certainly vote
against this bill. The Sen a tor from Illinois, how-
ever, says that the bill, in all its provisions, merely
aims at guarding the exercise of arbitrary power
by military commanders, to prevent a state of
things which he alleges to be inevitable in a.gov-
ernment of military occupation by armed troops.
Now, if that be what it really is—to limit and reg-
ulate power—I will cheerfully vote for it; if it is
beyond that, I will not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated what my
object in introducing the bill was, and the Sena-
tor from Delaware chooscs to give it a different
purport and intent entirely. My object in intro-
ducing this bill is to place the military authority,
so far as is practicable, under the law. It is gen-
eral in its terms, I admit. For instance, it pro-
vides that, when the President of theUnited States
declares a district of country to be in a state of
rebellion, the commanding general in that district
may issue his proclamation reiterating that fact,
and that the condition of things is such that the
civil authorities are impotent; and he may there-
upon publish such rules and regulations for put-
ting down insurrection and maintaining peace and
order as he deems proper, conforming, as nearly
as practicable, to the previously existing laws of
the locality; and then that the civil authorities in .
that district of country shall carry them out; if
they refuse to do so, then he shall carry them out
by the military power, and peace shall be main-
tained at all hazards, if there is power to do it. I
think that that is better than to send the military
commandcr there without defining at all his mode
of action. He may go there, and by the strong
arm, as is done in some localities, without any
regulation of law, without providing that ho shall
make publication of his rules and regulations, and
call upon the civil authorities to call them out
and preserve the peace—and I suppose that is
wha^ the Senator from Delaware would have; he
would have him go there with his army, and on
his own mere motion establish justsuch a system
as he pleases; that will be the condition of things
if you have no law on the subject, for we all ad-
mit that the public peace must be preserved some-
how.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will indulge
me a moment, I should like to make a report from
a committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take the yeas and
nays, and dispose of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to have the report
disposed of, so that the bill can be sent to the
President to-day, if possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. By the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, the bill can be laid
aside informally, so as to receive the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are novteady to take
the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I happen to know that
the Senator from Yermont wishes to bo heard
upon it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Ifthat requires unan-
imous consent, I must object. I do not like to
see one business overlaid by another.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely a report of
a committee of conference.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understood the
Chair to say it required unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of a committee of conference is usually treated
as a privileged question.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I withdraw my ob-
jection. r„ .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the bill now before the Senate
will be passed over informally to receive the re-
port of the committee of conference. The Chair
hears no objection.
THE NATIONAL 10AN.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to authorize a national
loan, and for otherpurposes," submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House to the bill ^S. No. 41) supple-
mentary to an act entitled " An act to authorizea national
