376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ognize this as a war in that sense, why undertake
to apply to it the rules of war ? Is a war existing
in mj State ? By virtue of the military authority,
men in the State of Illinois have been arrested, is
•war existing in Baltimore ? By what authority are
you arresting men in the city of Baltimore and hold-
ing them in custody f Is the Senator from Ver-
mont, or is anybody in this country, for leaving
the power in the hands of the President, or rather
in the hands of your Commanding General, just
when he pleases, without proclamation, to march
to any locality, arrest men, put them in prison,
and do what he pleases with them ? Shall we be
told that Congress has no power, although the ex-
press authority to make rules and regulations for
the government of every officer is vested here in
Congress and nowhere else? Our power is om-
nipotent over this Army; and they ought to have
rules and regulations by which to be governed.
A nd let me tell Senators, it is no new feature for
courts-martini in time of rebellion, insurrection,
and civil war, to bring men before them, and try
them, sentence them, and shoot them, without the
intervention of any grand or petit jurors.
Mr, BRECKINRIDGE. I do not know how
the Senate may vote upon this question; and I
have heard some remarks which have dropped
from certain Senators which have struck me with
so much surprise, that I desire to say a few words
in reply to them now.
This drama, sir, is beginning to open before us,
and we begin to catch some idea of its magnitude.
Appalled by the extent of it, and embarrassed by
what they see before them and around them, the
Senators who are themselves the most vehement
in urging on this course of events, are beginning
to quarrel among themselves as to the precise way
in which to regulate it.
The Senator from Vermont objects to this bill
because it puts a limitation on what he considers
already existing powers on the part of the Presi-
dent. I wish to say a few words presently in re-
gard to some provisions of this bill, and then the
Senate and the country may judge of the extent
of those powers of which this bill is a limitation.
I endeavored, Mr. President, to demonstrate a
short time ago, that the whole tendency of our
proceedings was to trample the Constitution un-
der our feet, and to conduct this contest without
theslightestregard to its provisions. Everything
that hus occurred since, demonstrates that the
view 1 took'of the conduct and tendency of pub- j
he affairs was correct. Already both Houses of '
Congress have passed a bill virtually to confiscate
all the property in the States that have withdrawn,
declaring in the bill to which 1 refer that all prop-
erty of every description employed in any way
to promote or aid in the insurrection, as-it is de-
nominated, shall be forfeited and confiscated. I
need not say to you, sir, that all property of every
kind is employed in those States, directly or in-
directly, in aid of tho contest thuy arc wooing,
and consequently that bill is a general confisca-
tion of all property there.
As if afraid, however, that this general term
might not apply to slave property, it adds ail ad-
ditional section. Although they were covered by
the first section of the bill, to make suie of that,
however.it adds another section, declaring that
all persons held to service or labor, who shall be
employed in any way to aid or promote the con-
test now waging, shall be discharged from such
service and become free. Nothing can be more
apparent than that that is a general act of eman-
cipation ; because all tho slaves in that country are
employed in furnishing the means of subsistence
and life to those who are prosecuting the contest;
and it is an indirect, but perfectly certain mode of
carrying out the purposes contained in the bill
introduced by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy.] It is doing under cover and by indi-
rection, but certainly, what he proposes shall be
done by direct proclamation of the President.
Again, sir: to show that all these proceedings
are characterized by an utter disregard of the Fed-
eral Constitution, what is happening around us
every day5 In the State of New York, some
young man has been imprisoned by executive au-
thority upon no distinct charge, and the military
oliicer having him in charge refused to obey the
writ of habeas carpus issued by a judge. What is
the color of excuse for that action in the State of
Ne w York ? As a Senator said, is Ne w York i n
resistance to the Government? Is there any dan-
ger to the stability of the Government there?
Then, sir, what reason will any Senator rise and
give on this floor for the refusal to give to the civil
authorities the body of a man taken by a military
commander in the State of New York?
Again: the police commissioners of Baltimore
were arrested by military-authority without any
charges whatever. In vain they have asked for a
specification. In vain they have sent a respect-
ful protest to the Congress of the United States.
In vain the House of Representatives, by resolu-
tion, requested the President to furnish the Repre-
sentatives of the people with the grounds of their
arrest. He answers the House of Representatives
that, in his judgment, the public interest does not
permit him to say why they were arrested, on
what charges, or what he has done with them—
and you call this liberty and law and proceedings
for the preservation of the Constitution! They
have been spirited off from one fortress to an-
other, their locality unknown, and the President
01 the United States refuses, upon the application
of the most numerous branch of tho national Le-
gislature, to furnish them with the grounds of
their arrest, or to inform them what he has done
with them.
Sir, it was said the other day by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Bkowning] that I had assailed
the conduct of the Executive with vehemence, if
not with malignity. I am not aware that I have
done so. I criticised, with the freedom that be-
longs to the representative of a sovereign State
and the people, the conduct of the Executive. I
shall continue to do so as long I hold a seat upon
this floor, when, in my opinion, that conduct de-
serves criticism. Sir, I need not say that, in the
midst of such events as surround us, 1 could not
cherish personal animosity towards any human
being. Towards that distinguished officer, I never
did cherish it. Upon the contrary, I think more
highly of him, as a man and an officer, than I do
of many who are around him and who, perhaps,
guide his counsels. I deem him to be personally
an honest man, anil I believe that he is trampling
upon the Constitution of his country every day,
with probable good motives, under the counsels of
those who influence him. But, sir, I have nothing
now to say about the President. The proceedings
of Congress have eclipsed the actions of the Execu-
tive; and if this bill shall become a law, the pro-
ceedings of the President will sink into absolute
nothingness in the presence of the outrages upon
personal and public liberty which have been per-
petrated by the Congress of the United States.
The Senator from Vermont objects to the bill
because it puts a limitation upon already existing
powers. Sir, let us look for a moment at the pro-
visions of this bill. I shall speak presently of the
Senator's notions of the laws of war. The first
section of the bill authorizes the President of the
United States to declare any of the military dis-
tricts in a state of insurrection or actual rebellion
against the United States. Those military dis-
tricts are composed ofStates and of parts of States.
When the President shall so declare, and he is au-
thorized to do it in his discretion—there may, or
there may not, be insurrection or rebellion: the
President may say there is, and no man shall
challenge his assertion—when that is done, the
military commanders in those respective States or
military districts shall give notice tlierof, and what
then follows? It provides in the second section
that any military commandorin one of those States
or districts shall make and publish such police
rules and regulations, conforming as nearly as
may be to previously existing laws and regula-
tions—not mere police rules and regulations, but
just such rules and regulations as lie may desire,
conforming as nearly as he may choose, in his dis-
cretion, to the existing laws of the several States
or military districts, 11 and all the civil authorities
ttithin said districts shall bo bound to carry said
rules and regulations into effect." They are sub-
oidmcited, at the discretion of tho President, to
the dictation of any of his subordinate military
commanders.
The third section provides:
" Tliat if, from any cause whatever, tile said civil au-
thouues fail to execute the said lules and regulations"—
So made by this subordinate military com-
mander—
the said military commander shall cause them to be
executed and enforced by tile military force under Ills I
command." j
August 1,
The fourth section authorizes, not the Presi-
dent, but any military commander in any of these
districts, generals, colonels, majors, captains—if
one of them should be the commander of a mil-
itary district, in his discretion to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, and make return that he
will not obey, to any judge that may issue it.
Then, sir, if any person—not a camp follower
not any one subject to the rules and articles of
war—but if any person—
"Shall be found inarms against the United States or
otherwise aiding and abetting their enemies or opposers
within any district of country to which it relates, and shall
be taken by the forces of the United States, shall be either
detained as prisoners fur trial on the charge of treason or
sedition, or other crimes and offenses which they may
have committed whilst resisting the authority of the United
States; or may, according to the circumstances of the
case"—
This to be judged of by this military com-
mander—
" be at once placed before a court-martial, to be dealt
with according to the rules of war in respect to morgan-
ized and lawlesp armed bands, not recognized as regular
troops." ®
Or in his discretion maybe discharged upon
parol. The Constitution of the United States
declares that the crime of treason and all other
crimes shall be tried by a jury, and not by a
military commander, or a drum-head court-mar-
tial. Ihe power to suspend the habeas corpus
which Congress may do by the Constitution, but
cannot delegate to the President, or anyone else, -
it is proposed by this bill to authorize the Presi-
dent to delegate to any subordinate military
authority—a power which he does not himself
possess.
The sixth section provides that—
" No sentence of death pronounced by a court-martial
upon any person or persons taken in arms as aforesaid,
shall be executed before it iias been submitted to the com-
mander of the military department within which the con-
viction has taken place, or to the Commanding General of
the Army of the United States."
Sentence of death may be passed upon any
person under these circumstances, with the ap-
proval either of the General-in-Chief of the Army
or of the subordinate military commander who
may have the control of the district in which he
is taken.
Sir, I do not at present comment upon the
seventh section, in regard to persons put upon
parol; nor the eighth section, which provides that
any military commander may cause any person
suspected of disloyalty to the United States to
be brought before him, and may administer, or
cause to be administered, to such person an oath
of allegiance—a very peculiar oath—an oath not
alone to support the Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States, but to bear true allegiance to many
other things not provided for in the Constitution
of the United States. There is no legitimate oath
which can be put upon any cue except an officer
under the Government, and that oath is limited
to a support of the Constitution of the United
States; and I think the public liberties are at a
low ebb when any military commander may seize,
throughout the length,and breadth of the land,
any citizen suspected merely, and compel him to
take such an oath as is prescribed in this bill.
Then, Mr. President, without discussing the
other points at present, how does it sum up ? Let
me take the State of Kentucky, for example. That
State is a military district. Suppose that, for any
cause, the President may choose to say that that
State is in a condition of insurrection or rebellion—
though she has suflered enough from violations
of the Constitution committed by the Executive;
although she has been clinging with her charac-
teristic fidelity to the Union of tho States—he is
to be the sole judge of the facts; he is to declare
that Kentucky, for example, is in a state of insur-
rection or rebellion. What follows? The mil-
itary commander in charge of the United States
forces in the district may then publish just such
rules and regulations for-the government of that
Commonwealth as he may choose, making them
conform as nearly as he may, m his discretion,
to the existing laws of the State; and the civil
authorities of that State are to be bound by the
rules and regulations of this military commander,
and if they uo not execute them, he is then to see
that they are executed by the military force under
his command.
What is it, sir, but vesting first in the discretion
