1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill (No. 100) to suspend in part the opera-
tions of an act entitled "An act relating to revenue
cutters and steamers"—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. ETHERii>GE,its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; winch thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Piesident pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 16) concerning the Attorney
General, and the attorneys and marshals of the
several districts;
A bill (H. R. No. 74) to increase the consular
representation of the United States during the
present insurrection; and
A bill (H. R. No. 78) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An
act providing for a naval peace establishment,
and for otherpurposes,'"passed March 27, 1804*.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is put,
I wish to say to the Senate, we now have this bill
un'der consideration; it is manifest, by the vote
which has been taken, that the Senate is disposed,
by a decided majority, to take some action upon
it. Now, if we postpone it, it will occupy another
day. I think wo had better finish it. I hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will not press his
motion; but will let us dispose of this bill one
way or the other, and get it out of the way.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] wishes to be heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let him speak; and let
him speak to-night. The Senator from Vermont
1 know is opposed to the bill, and has made two
speeches against it to-day. I expect him to op-
pose it; ho voted to postpone it; and I am aware
that the Senator from Delaware is opposed to it;
but if we mean to finish it, I ask the friends of
the bill, not its enemies—I am not appealing to
the Senator from Vermont; he is trying to post-
pone it; I expect him to vote that way; but I
ask the ftiends of the bill to stand by it, and dis-
pose of it one way or the other.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has made
six speeches. I have made but one—nottwo. It
is quite enough to be answerable for one.
Mr. SUMNER. I yield to the request of my
friend the Senator from Illinois, and withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate bill
No. 33, then, is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and open to amendment. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. HOWE. I would not say a word upon
this measure, but for two circumstances. I hap-
pened to vote for this motion to postpone, and the
Senator from Illinois has happened to regard such
a vote as evidence of hostility to the bill. In one
word 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will take that all back.
I did not mean to make the remark in any offens-
ive sense at all.
Mr. HOWE. I am not offended by the remark;
but I wished, and felt called upon, by reason of
the remark, to state, in a single sentence or two,
if I could possibly, just how far I was opposed
to the bill, and how far I was not. I thought that
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] gave
us the key to the proper understanding of this
whole controversy. He made it intelligible to
me. I thought I understood just what was the
objection to this measure when he sat down, and
what was the objection to any measure framed
for the purpose of enabling an Army of the Uni-
ted States to regulate a people in one of the States
of this Union. When an Army of the United
States marches with a hostile purpose into Canada
or Mexico, it goes there with a single view, for a
single object; and that is, to redress some outrage
orinsultupon the honor, the dignity, or the rights
of the Government of the United States. It has
but a single purpose to accomplish. It goes there
for the single purpose of mischief to that people
and to that Government. Ithas necessarily noth-
ing to do with regulating their internal affairs. If
it attempts to do that at all, it attempts to do it,
not by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States—not by authority of the laws of the United
States, but does so in the name and by the au-
thority of humanity itself, to make the mischief
of the war no more intolerable and insufferable
than is absolutely necessary. If it goes into a
State of theUnion, it has, o4* may have, another
purpose. If it goes into the State of North Car-
olina, it has two purposes. One purpose is to
take care that the Constitution of theUnited States,
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, shall be
the supreme law within the State of North Car-
olina; and to do that, it has got to put out of the
way and to overcome every particle of resistance
and. opposition to that law. It has got to remove
out of the way, in other words, every man and
every thing which denies that the Constitution
and those laws are.the supreme law of North Car-
olina. , That is one purpose to be achieved; and
that is the way it is to be achieved, I imagine. It
has .Another purpose. It is charged, as the agent
ofjflie Government of the United States, with
guarantying to the people of North Carolina a
.^publican form of Government——
^ Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator give way ?
In the.present exhausted condition of the Senate,
it seems to me wc ought not to ask the Senator
to goon.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going on more than ten
minutes; I think not more than five. If that will
exhaust the Senator from Iowa, 1 will give way
and speak five minutes to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. It was out of deference to the
Senator from Wisconsin that I made the sugges-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I have no speech to make, sir.
It is not my trade.
I say they have another purpose to accomplish,
and that is to secure, to guaranty to that people
a republican form of government. The govern-
ment of North Carolina, all that it has except
what is represented by the agents of the United
States, is hostile to the Governmentof the United
States. That must be wiped out of the way in
order to maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. Then they
have no local government whatever. But if the
Army of the United States undertakes to consti-
tute a government there, that is not representative,
it does not represent the people of North Caro-
lina; is not republican; and therefore it seemed to
me the provisions of this bill which were calcu-
lated, which were intended to authorize, to em-
power, and to regulate that Army in administer-
ing civil government within North Carolina, were
objectionable; so I thought we had better not
attempt to do it. ,1 think we had better let the
controversy stand as it is. I think we had better
renYove from Virginia whatever resistance there
is still left to the Constitution and laws of the
United States administered by the Governmentof
the United States, and let the government of Vir-
ginia, the loyal government of Virginia, reorgan-
ize throughout the State civil local government
for that State just as fast as we, by the agency of
our arms, remove the obstacles and the obstruc-
tions in the way of it; and when we get through
Virginia and step into North Carolina, I think
precisely the same process had better be observed
there. Confine the operations of the Army of the
United States to the single purpose of flinging off
the scum. If you find underneath that a residuum
of loyalty represented by a portion of the people
of North Carolina, what has been called their local
government is out of the way; they will be left
then without any local government, and the very
necessity of the case and their old instincts will
induce them and compel them to provide for that
local government and to reorganize it. It seems
to me that that is all that is necessary.
That was the reason why I voted to postpone
this bill; and that is the reason why, as it seems
to me, I shall vote against the bill. As for the
eighth section, which is immediately before the
Senate, I really did think, with all deference to
the opinion of the Senator from Virginia, that that
was one of the most valuable features in the bill.
I see the objection which weighs upon the mind
of the Senator from Virginia. I see how repug-
nant it is to all our ordinary notions of propriety,
that a man, upon mere suspicion, should be ar-
rested for one purpose or another. Let it be
borne in mind, however, that the sole purpose of
arresting or apprehending this suspected man is
in order to test, upon his own declaration, whether
he is loyal or disloyal; whether he is a friend or
enemy to the Government of the United "Stated;
to administer an oath to him; that is all. If it be
deemed a harsh matter to arrest him in order to
administer the oath,change the phraseology,and
simply provide by an amendment that, instead of
bringing him before the officer, the officer cause
the oath to be administered. If he take it, then
there is no occasion for his arrest; if he refuse to
take it, then he stand# confessed an enemy of the
Government of the United St&tes; and I take it
the Senator from Virginia would have no sort of
objection to his arrest. This is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the eighth section of the substl* -
tute.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and naya
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. Before the question is puton
this motion, I desire to make a suggestion to the
Senator from Illinois. I think it is apparent that
we shall not be able to get through with this bill
this evening. Much can be done in executive
session. There is something, 1 think, th^t ought
to be done in executive session. We may accom-
plish that by now going into executive session;
but if the Senator presses the consideration of the
bill this evening, we shall be left without a quo-
rum; a vote will be called for by yeas and nays,
and we shall have to adjourn, and then commence
to-morrow morning where we should commence
if we were now to adopt the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
I have voted against the indefinite postpone-
ment of this bill. I believe, with the Senatorfroro
Illinois, that some legislation should be had lim-
iting the exercise of arbitrary power on the part
of those who are in command of the armies of the
United States. That this bill is perfect, 1 will not
say; I do not think it is; but I think it is incum-
bent on the Senate to make it as perfect as* it can,
and to do so at this session. An exercise of
arbitrary power, regulated by no rule whatever,
is obnoxious to every idea that I have ever enter-
tained of liberty regulated bylaw; and I think, if
Senators will remember the proposition submitted
in the Federal convention that formed the Con-
stitution of the United States by Mr. Luther Mar-
tin, of Maryland, which proposition was rejected,
which was intended by him to provide for the
recognition of a state of war when anyone or more
States should array themselves in hostility to the
Federal Government, they will be satisfied that
any law regulating war as recognized by nations
cannot apply to the present condition in which
this country is placed. I presume that proposition
of Mr. Martin is familiar to the Senate, and I
shall not trouble them by referring to it, though
I have it in Eliot's Debates. It was offered for
the purpose of recognizing the right of one or
more States to make war upon the Federal Gov-
ernment, and to require of the Federal Govern-
ment that that war should be regulated by the
laws of war as understood between nations. The
convention, very properly, in my opinion, re-
fused to adopt the provision, and that is an argu-
ment which I have never heard answered, against
the doctrine of peaceable secession.
We find ourselves now without any law of
Congress regulatingthemannerin which the Gov-
ernment shall maintain itself against a rebellion
organized for its overthrow. There should be at
least limitations; there should be legislation on
this subject. If this war is conducted by one com-
mander according to his discretion; by another
commander according to his arbitrary will, there
will be no rule; there will be no regularity; there
will be nothing to which the citizen can appeal.
Therefore I am in favor of some legislation upon
this subject. I think it is incumbent on Congress
to provide for the state of things in which we are
placed. I have voted against the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill. I cannot, however, vote
for the bill if the eighth section is retained. It is
as repugnant to all my notions of constitutional
liberty, that a citizen should be arrested on bara
suspicion, as it is that the military ofthccountry
should not have rules and regulations for their
Government.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the motion will prevail
to go into executive session; and I say to the hon-
