882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
orable Senator from Illinois that I have no desire
to prevent, as it is the determination of the Senate,
the passage of the bill atthissession. I hoped they
would determine differently, and I should have
been willing myself to take the vote this morning on
the question of postponement without any argu-
ment, and I declined to make any. There were
so many grave questions connected with the bill,
that I thought it better that it should go over, and I
therefore forbore, while thatmotion was pending,
to enter into any controversy on the subject, or
even to express my opinion as to the details of
the bill. It was not because I intended to defeat
the bill by indirection. Seeing that the motion to
postpone came from the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, having heard several other gentle-
men on the same side of the Chamber express the
opinion that it was wiser to let this bill go over to
the next session, being unable myself to see the
necessity of legislation at this session, I desired
that it should go over, and therefore it was that
I did not speak upon the motion to postpone.
Now, certainly, as the Senate have determined
that they will act on the hill, with my views of
the bill, and with the strange doctrines I have
heard on this floor to-day, 1 should feel that I was
utterly false to my duty if I did not endeavor to
point out what 1 consider the utter subversion of
this Government involved in the bill, and the utter
subversion of all constitutional Acedom. I do not
thinlc there is a single remaining feature of your
Government standing if the bill passes as it is
framed. Thinking all this, of course it may take
me some time to say it. 3f the Senate choose to
go on to-night, if they are determined to press a
measure of this kind, not only during this ses-
sion, but to rush it through here m two or three
days, involving grave questions as it does, be it
so; 1 have got the physical strength to stand it;
but I tell you fairly that, if you choose to exert
tyranny in that respect, as a question of time to
force men beyond their strength, you must ex-
pect, of course, a resort to parliamentary tactics
for the purpose of delay. I do not mean to do
that myself. 1 do not wish to do it. I only want
a reasonable opportunity to discuss this bill in
good faith. As the Senate have determined that
they will pass on it, 1 shall not seek to delay their
action; 1 only wish to present my views.
Mi. TRUMfiULL. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that he must be aware that
at his instance this bill has been put over two suc-
cessive days. The day before yesterday he staled
that he desired it to go over, and without contro-
versy it went over. Yosturday, because an hour
and a half had gone beyond the time fixed for it,
and the day was watrn, at his instance it wentovcr
again. Now this is the third day, and there is an
anxiety to adjourn. I trust the Senator from Del-
aware will be reasonable in his requests of cour-
tcsy. lie certainly does not expect day after day
that a bill shall be postponed for his convenience
merely. It has been done twice at his instance;
this is the third time that he asks it. I would not
desire to press the Senator from Delaware at an
unreasonable time; but, it seems to me, he him-
self will see the propriety of not continuing day
after day to put over a bill for his own conveni-
ence, when the Senate have expressed a desire to
go on with it.
Mr. 13AYARD. It is very easy to make a par-
tial statement without giving the whole truth, so
as to mislead the mind. It is true that yesterday,
after the Senate had chosen to occupy most of the
day in other business, not at my request, but at
their own instance, and for their own pleasure, \
did, at neaily three o'clock, make a motion to
postpone tin's bill until to-day, supposing cfTat I
was entitled to the floor upon it. I should have
gone on this morning, but for the motion to post-
pone the bill until the next session. I was willing
to let that motion be decided without debate. 1
did not attempt to debate it. I was in hopes the
motion would be decided without debate. I
thought thfio were other matters 
Mr. GRIMES. I iise to a point of order. The
question before the Senate, f understand, is
whether we shall proceed to the consideration of
executive business; and on that the yeas and nays
have been ordered. I do not think that is debatable;
or, if it is, the debate ought to be confined to that
subject, and not extend to the merits of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The Senator from Iowa is right.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the Chair if it is
is not in order to give reasons why the Senate
should or should not proceed to'the consideration
of executive business, confining the remarks of
Senators to that point? I submit to the decision
of the Chair if the Chair is clear on the subject;
but I think that has been customary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant is not accustomed to the duties of the
Chair; but his impression is, that on a motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, debate is not in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think it has been
customary to allow suggestions to be made, to
show why it was important to consider other
business, and not proceed to the consideration of
executive business. I think that the recollection
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] will
concur with mine m regard to the usage of the
Senate in this respect.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator from
Kentucky whether there has ever been any lim-
itation on those debates?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. What limitation ? Is thp Sen-
ate compelled to sit here all night to hear sugges-
tions as to the reason for going or not going into
executive session?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The limitations have
not been very exact, from the nature of the case,
and cannot always be enforced. It depends on
the temper of the Senate how much latitude is
given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that this debate is not strictly in order,
but submits to the opinion of Senators much more
conversant with the rules of parliamentary de-
bate than himself.
Mr. LATHAM. Some debate may be in order,
but it is certainly not in order to discuss the meiits
of a bill while such a motion is pending.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not desired at any time
to interfere with th$*business of the Senate; but
I hold that grave questions? of this kind are not
to be pressed so rapidly. Certainly it is clear that
no bill bearing any resemblance to this has ever
been introduced in the past legislation of the coun-
try. If the mmd of the Senator from Illinois is
of that extraordinary caliber that it is able to ad-
just all the details of such a bill without any con-
flict with the Constitution, or with the future
progress of events, so as to complicate still more
the unfortunate relations of the country—if he
possesses such a quality, it is a rare one for the
human intellect. 1 admit I do not possess it; yet
I do possess enough-
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to know whether the
Senator from Delaware has appealed from the
decision of the Chair? The Chair decided that
argument was out of order.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the Chair to
decide thatl could proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not so understand the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that debate is not in order; but it has been
permitted by general consent.
Mr. BAYARD. I beg pardon. I inquired of
a Senator near me, and he told me that the Chair
had decided differently. I am notgomg to appeal.
Of course, on this motion, you can necessarily
prevent debate; but it is very strange that the
gentleman did not call to order before. He waited
very patiently until the honoiable Senator from
Illinois got through, and then the call to order
prevented my replying.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive hnsinpss;on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony,Bakei, Bayard, Breckinridge,
Caiiile, Cownn, Di\on, Fe^enden, Foot, Fo^tei, Grimes,
Johnson of Ti'nnosc''. Kenneth , Latham, I'owell, Rice,
Saul-bury, ^hennaii. Ten E\ck, Wade, and WiUon—21.
NAWS—Messrs. Liowiudl', (Jhamllei, Dooiittle, Hale,
[Jailan, TI.nu>, Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of
Kdnsa>, McDou^ail, HIoiuU, tSunmei, Trumbull, Wilkin-
son, and Wihnot—16.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent in
executive session the doors were reopened.
EXPENSES OP GOVERNMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, in accordance
with the " Act providing a commission to exam-
ine and report as to the compensation of all of-
ficers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved the 31st of July, 1861, an-
nounced the appointment of Mr. John Sherman
of Ohio, and Mr. Daniel Clark of New Hamp-
shire, as commissioners on the part of the Senate.
BAY OF FASTING AND PRAYER.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the joint res-
olution (S. No. 15) requesting the President of
the United States to recommend a day of public
humiliation, fasting, and prayer, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being proposed, the joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment. It was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 1, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. II. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.patton, notifying the House that that body
had passed bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (No. 74) to increase the consular repre-
sentation of the United Slates during the present
insurrection;
A bill (No. 78) to amend an act entitled "An
act supplementary to the act entitled 'An act pro-
viding for a naval pcacc establishment, and for
other purposes,9 " passed March 27, 1804; the
former without, and the latter with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that that body had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 58) supplementary to the act en-
titled "An act to inciease the present military
establishment of the United States," approved
July 99,1861; and
A bill (No. 61) to amend an act to prohibit the
sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks
in the District of Columbia.
Also, that that body had disagreed to the report
of the committee of conference, on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
(No. 36) to provide for the construction of one
or more armored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes; and had receded from its dis-
agreement to some of the amendments of the
House,and insisted on its disagreement to others,
and asked a conference with the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had appointed Messrs. Grimes, Sherman, and
Carlile, managers of said conference on its part.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified that body that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 24) authorizing the Secretary
of War to reimburse volunteers for expenses in-
curred in employing regimental and other bands,
and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy;
An act (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to
pay the expenses of transporting and delivering
arms and munitions of war to the lo^al citizens
of the States of which the inhabitants now are,
or hereafter may be, in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and to provide for
the expense of organizing them into companies,
battalions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own
protection agamstdomestic violence, insurrection,
invasion, or rebellion;
An act (S. No. 48) providing a commission to
examine and report as to the compensation of all
officers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses; and
An act (S. No. 51) in addition to an act entitled
