THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 1861.
New Series No. '25.
the term is generally understood. She is a fully-
modeled ship, nearly four hundred feet in length,
of more capacity of resistance, of better sailing
power, and in every way better calculated for
offensive or defensive warfare, than the much
vaunted Warrior of Great Britain or the Gloire of
France. Why, then, should not this commission
be authorized to examine these ships which are
partly finished, and say whether they shall be
completed or not, instead of making new contracts
for new ships?
Mr. OLIN. A word in reply to my colleague.
He says that I am mistaken in reference to the
progress .of the work on this Stevens battery.
Possibly the gentleman may have sources of in-
fonnation that have not come under my observa-
tions. My information in reference to the matter
was derived from Mr. Stevens, the brother of the
originator of this project, in his report to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the paper may be found
on file in the Department. But perhaps the gen-
tleman knows more about it than Stevens himself.
My colleague makes this further observation,
that it is very possible the Government may be
defrauded ifit undertakes to contractfor the build-
ing of new ships. Very well; itis possible itmay;
but it certainly would not be veiy wise to attempt
to enter into contracts with men by whom the
Government has already been defrauded. Wo
had better try the experiment somewhere else.
Now, in reference to this question of the ability
of this ship now on the stocks to resist rifled can-
non, some gentlemen upon this floor doubtless
know that all of the experiments that have thus
far been attempted in Europe—and especially in
France, where the experiment coming nearest to
a success has been made—to build ships capable
of resisting rifled cannon, have signally failed,
and that the idea has been abandoned and given
up as delusive. It is admitted that it is an im-
possibility so to construct any ship that it will
resist the cannons that are made at the present
day. This battery may be that wonderful de-
sideratum. Certainly it has been long enough in
building to accomplish something, and the Gov-
ernment has spent money enough upon it already.
Now, it is said that this is a very harmless
measure; that it merely proposes to institute a
commission to examine into and report upon this
subject. It is the old method that has been prac-
ticed ever since I have been in Congress, when-
ever it is desired to press through Congress any
dirty job, to go about it in this roundabout way.
If it is easy to institute a commission, it is very
difficult to say who shall be the commission; and
if power enough can be brought to bear upon
Congress to institute a commission, power can
certainly be brought to bear to appoint such a
commission as will accomplish the end desired.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would remind the gentle-
man of the Chiriqui claim.
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir, a commission of scien-
tific and skillful men was appointed to examine
into that matter; and if Congress had sanctioned
that report, they would, in my judgment, have
sanctioned one of the most infernal swindles ever
practiced on this country.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is this a proposition to
appoint a commission to look at Stevens's old bat-
tery?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am satisfied.
Mr. OLIN. So I think most reasonable men
ought to be.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman last upon the
floor does not understand this amendment as I
understand it. The bill now before the House,
as originally presented, provided for the construc-
tion of twelve armored steamers of a small class.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the gentleman is mistaken as to the bill before
the House. This is a bill for the appointment of
certain officers of the Navy, with certain amend-
ments of the House to which the Senate disa-
greed.
Mr. ENGLISH. Well, I was mistaken in
that point. The House lias already provided for
25
the appointment of a commission to investigate
this whole subject of the Stevens battery. A bill
for that purpose has passed both Houses, and
been signed by the President, and is now a law.
I submit to the House whether there is any pro-
priety in our appointing another commission to
accomplish the same object. It strikes me that
it is eminently proper that we should recede from
our action, and concur with the Senate, as a com-
mission has already been appointed to examine
this whole subject.
Mr. DIVEIS'. As I understand it, under the
amendment now under consideration, if these sci-
entific men should recommend the completion of
this ship, the completion of her might be com-
menced at once, and without any further legisla-
tion. The bill which has passed only appoints
a commission to examine this battery and repo.i t
to Congress; so that no action could be taken by
the Navy Department under it until the next ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes, I understand that. But
I doubt the propriety of our taking any further
action upon the subject at this time. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What will be the effect
of our receding from our amendment? Will it
prohibit the examination of that battery under
this bill?
The. SPEAKER. 11 strikes out the words that
authorize it to be examined.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I will vote to recede,
if that is the effect of it.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
cede, and it was agreed to.
So the House receded from its amendment.
REVENUE CUTTERS AND STEAMERS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to suspend in part the op-
eration of an act entitled "An act relating to rev-
enue cutters and steamers; "which was read a first
and second time by its title.
The bill having been read, was ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
increase the consular representation of the United
States during the present insurrection; and an act
concerning the Attorney General and attorneys
and marshals of the several districts.
john c. m'connell.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
House bill No. 59, for the relief of John C.
MeConnell, with a Senate amendment thereto,
was taken up from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate is to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof a provision authorizing and directing the
Secretary of War to audit and settle, on terms of
equity and justice, the account of John C. Me-
Connell against the United States for expenses
necessarily incurred by lnm in raising a regiment
in the State of Maryland in the months of May,
June, and July, 18G1, and now in the United
States service, provided the amount so tallowed
shall not exceed $8,500.
Mr. WRIGIIT. I move that the House con-
cur in the Semite amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
The bill (S. No. 58) supplementary to an act
entitled " An uct to increase the present military
establishment of the United States," approved
July 29,1861, was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.- It providesthat
the President may, during the present insurrec-
tion, upon the recommendation of the Lieutenant
General commanding the Army of the United
States, or of any major general of the regular
Army commanding forces of the United States in
the field, appoint-inch number of aids-de-camp,
in additiop to thosetiow authorized by law, as the
exigencies of the service may, in the opinion or
the President, require; such aids-de-camp to bear,
respectively, the rank and authority of captains,
majors, lieutenant colonels, or colonels of the reg-
ular Army as the President may direct, and re-
ceive the same pay and allowances as are provided
by existing laws for officers of cavalry of cor-
responding rank. The President is to cause the
aids-de-camp appointed under this act to be dis-
charged whenever they shall cease to be employed
in active service; and he may reduce the number
so employed whenever he may deem it expedient
so to do. Any officers of the regular Army ap-
pointed aids-de-camp under this act, and attached,
on- assigned to duty, for service as such, are, on
their discharge, to resume their positions in the
regular Army, and be entitled to the same rank
and promotion as if they had continued to serve .
in their own regiments or corps.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon tBe
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of liquor in washington.
The bill (S. No. Gl) to amend " An act to pro-
hibit the sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicat-
ing drinks in the District of Columbia in certain
cases," was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time. It provides, that
whenever any person shall be convicted of the
offense prescribed in the act entitled " An act to
prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and intoxi-
cating drinks in the District of Columbia," he
shall be punished by a fine of twenty dollars, or
imprisonment in the jail of Washington county,
in the District of Columbia, for the period of thirty
days.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
SPECIAL -COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced, as a committee
under the act providing a commission to examine
and report as to the compensation of all officers of
the Government, and for other purposes, Messrs.
Morrill of Vermont, Olj.v, and Allen.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the House to excuse
me from further service on the Committee of Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. Lovbjoy was excused.
NON-PAYMENT OF CENSUS-TAKERS.
Mr. ALLEN asked leave to report, from the
Committee on Public Expenditures, the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secrotaiyof thelnterior be'requosted
to lntonn the lloupc why it is tlmt payment has not been
made to a portion of the persons engaged, in the year J 860,
in taking the eeusus as deputy maishais, in loyal States;
also,at \vhat time paymentto such persons may reasonably
be expected.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. ALEEN. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection to the resolution^that it
may be put upon its passage. The committee, in
reporting this resolution, does not impeach, in any
way, the officers of the Census Bureau; but the
adoption of the resolution will relieve members
and bureau officers from answering numerous in-
quiries on the subject,
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DIVEN. A resolution of the kind was
adopted yesterday.
Mr, BURNETT. No; it was not adopted.
