388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
country, as has been attempted to be done by his
friends,as assailing the Prcsidentand his Admin-
istration. This conversation, as reported in the
speech of the gentleman from Illinois—and that
speech has other marks indicating a design to
attack the Administration — holds out General
Scott as assailing the President and the Cabinet.
But I have another purpose far more important;
and that is that the President shall retain the con-
fidence of the people of this country—of all who
are in favor of preserving the Union; but ass long
as he is held out as interposing and forcing the
Commanding General to fight a battle against his
will, ho cannot command that confidence. When
the country knows the truth, as they will know,
that the President did not take the responsibility
to order a battle before our troops were prepared
for it, he will retain, as he deserves, the confi-
dence of the people of this country in the war.
No othevmotive could have induced me to make
the remarks I have madeto-day, than those which
I have declared. I do not care for the attacks
which have been made upon me, dragging me into
this great contest. I feel personally that I have
no business with it at all, and that my stump
speeches are as nothing, and that neither General
Scott, nor any other man intrusted with power,
paid any sort of regard to my opinion upon that
subject; and whoever puts up that libel and false
pretext, derogates from the character of our offi-
cers.
The purpose I had in view was to tell the real
truth of this matter, to exonerate General Scott
and the President—the one, who has been put
forward as assailing the President and the Ad-
ministration, by reporting his conversation with-
out giving it in full,as I think ought to have been
done; and the other, by holding him up, out of
the mouth of General Scott himself, as having
ordered an attack before General Scott was ready;
for I have here an article published in the New
York Times a few days after this battle, in which
General Scott is made to say that he was ordered
by his superiors to make the attack. I say that
Genoral Scott could not have said anything of the
sort, because it was not true. The testimony
given here to-day must convince every man that
General Scott did not use any such language.
He has no superior in the Army of the United
States, except the President; and the President
did not give any such order, as is conclusively
proved by his own declarations to the President
ill the presence of the gentlemen from Illinois
upon my right and left.
The article in the Times goes on to lay down
the plan of the campaign which, it is said,General
Scott had adopted; which was to raise and bring
one great army here to defend the city of Wash-
ington, and to prepare another army at St. Louis,
because he is held out as saying that an army
could not go south of St. Louis until after frost.
He was to lie idle with that army, according to
the plan that paper puts into General Scott's
mouth, until the frost conies, and until the cotton
crop had forced itself out of our ports and broken
np our blockade. That is the plan, as reported
by one who professes to be a friend of General
Scott, as hctlerived it from him at his own table,
in the presence of his officers. I do not believe
that it was General Scott's plan. I do not think
he would promulgate his plan. I think even, that
if such was his plan, gentlemen, without arro-
gating to themselves any superor military knowl-
edge, might well dissent from it. I do not profess
to have any knowledge of military matters at all,
and yet 1 can say that any such plan as that
would lead to a fatal disaster to our country, in
the relations which it would bring about between
the people of the northern and southern States;
m the relations it would bring about between our
Government and foreign Governments, and be-
tween the Union men m the border States and
their enemies. I think it would be a fatal mis-
take. 1 am well satisfied that it is .not the plan of
the Government, and will not be acted upon,
whether General Scott favors it or not. That is
the plan which the confederate troops and author-
ities are m favor of, and they have proceeded
upon it. Their desire is to make the whole of this
war within the border States, and escape them-
selves scot free—not only free from Scott, but
from all our other generals. They wish to enjoy
entire quietude, in order to raise their cotton, that
they may hold it out to foreign nations as a bribe
to break our blockade. That is their object, and
their heart's desire.
They wish, also, to intrench themselves within
these border States, where they can get plenty of
subsistence, and wring a reluctant support from
the Union men of those States. The counties of
Alexandria and Fairfax gave an immense Union
vote when the question was submitted to them;
and at the last vote upon the ordinance of seces-
sion, they would have given the same vote for the
Union if they had not been restrained by the bay-
onets of the confederate troops; for, in whatever
part of Virginia they were free from the confed-
erate bayonets, they gave a majority of votes
against secession. The same was the case in Ten-
nessee. Any such plan as that which the Times
says is General Scott's plan of carrying on the
war would leave the unarmed Union men of the
border States, and of the southern States, at the
mercy of the armies of the confederate States. It
would leave the twenty-five thousand majority in
East Tennessee, the vast majority in Missouri,
and overywheio else, at the mcrcy of the rebels.
I say, further, that if we remain idle for such
a period of time, doing nothing upon the borders
of these revolted States, however great an army
we might possess, we should, by so doing, pro-
claim to the world that we were unable to enter
those States and put down rebellion, and the Gov-
ernments of Europe would make it a pretext for
acknowledging the independence of those States.
It is manifest, theiefore, that such important
political considerations must enter largely into
any plan of campaign, and no plan is admissible
which, by its delays, destroys the business of
the country, leaves the Union men of the border
States and their property a prey to the rebels,
and gives a pretext to foreign Powers to interfere
for the purpose of forcing our blockade. Espe-
cially is this plan inadmissable when it proceeds
upon the naked fallacy'that our armies cannot en-
dure the climate of those States in which the rebels
have raised and are supporting armies to over-
throw the Government.
Mr. OLIN. These personal explanations arc
at all times disagreeable, and perhaps on the whole
had bettor be omitted m an assembly like this;
but as n member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, so far as the article read by the gentle-
man from Missouri charges that the various bills
proposed by the Administration for the action of
Congress, and introduced into the Senate by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] have
been emasculated by the chairman of the Military
Committee of this House, it is perhaps duo to my-
self, though the most humble member of that com-
mittee, to say one word. I believe that every
recommendation of the Presidentand his Cabinet,
in respect to the measures to be submitted to the
consideration of this committee, has been earned
out to the letter, and more than the letter, with
one exception, and that was the measure pro-
posed by the Administration with reference to the
increase of the icgular Army. Prom that meas-
ure the committee dissented ; and, notwithstand-
ing the reflections contained in that article come
from a source highly respected by me, and from
a personal friend, the committee acted, I am sure,
not under the inlluence of my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] but from the elections of their
own judgment, and with the best lights they had
before them, after a most careful and full consult-
ation among themselves and with their fellow-
members of the House.
It was the unanimous judgment of the commit-
tee that had not the Administration recommended
an increase of the regular Army at this time, not
one member of that committee would have favored
such a measure; and it will be remembered that
the bill as originally proposed in committee, passed
without dissent in this House, turned these eleven
regiments into a mere volunteer force. One of
the reasons that governed my own action was
this: I thought I foresaw, as I think every mem-
ber of this House foresees, that at the end of this
controversy the regular Army must be increased,
but 1 think I know enough of military matters,
though knowing as little perhaps as any man in
this House, to know that it would make no possi-
ble difference whether you called a man a regular
soldier or a volunteer provided he had seen an
equal amount of service; in other words, that a
volunteer force would be just as efficient as the
regular Army with the same amount of drill and
discipline, and commanded by equally skillful and
efficient officers; and that if you held out to all
who wish to enter the volunteer service the hope
and expectation of an increase of the regular
Army, and that they would be promoted just in
proportion as they distinguished themselves, and
showed themselves fit for the service they had
entered upon, it would have a salutary influence
upon all the volunteer forces in the Army.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to know what is before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] obtained the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explanation,
and he has yieldod to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not hear any-
thing about a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair said the other
day, he has no control over personal explana-
tions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, I will wait
a little long",-. It will come, perhaps, presently.
Mr. OLIN. Well, Mr. Speaker, I only wish
to add, upon this subject, that this recommenda-
tion was made by the Cabinet, and that the com-
mittee acquiesced in it against their unanimous
judgment, bccause the matter had been much com-
plicated by the action of the Administration in
respect to an increase of the Army, and because
the committee were desirous of affording every
possible facility to the Administration, and remove
every obstacle in the way of a successful prosecu-
tion of this war to put down the rebellion. In my
action upon thatcommittee, I did notrelyupon my
own judgment only, nor upon that of my friend
from Missouri, who is somewhat versed in mili-
tary affairs. We had upon that committee, also,
the gallant gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] who has shown, by his conduct on the
battle-field, as well as his distinguished services in
this House, that his judgment might be relied on
with deference. We had not only the gentleman
from Illinois, with his experience, on that com-
mittee, but we had also my friend from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis,] a graduate of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, a man who has distinguished
himself in the service of his country in actual war;
and I might safely rely, I am sure, upon the judg-
mentof these gentlemen. My own judgmentcon-
curred with these distinguished gentlemen, and
this House, with entire unanimity, and a majority
of the Senate, concurred with the committee; and
it was only when it was found that the action of
the House and Senate might embarrass the Ad-
ministration that your committee acquiesced ill
the bill passed.
I thought it proper, as this subject has been in-
troduced, to say thus much. Iam persuaded that
each member of the committe? has discharged his
duty with a view only to the good of the service
and the best interests of the country, and with no
desire to embarrass the Administration or any
member of it.
Mr. PRANK. I would like to inquire what
is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The House gave unanimous
consent to the gentleman from Missouri to make
a personal explanation, and he yielded the floor to
the gentleman from New York. There is noth-
ing before the House at this time.
MESSAGE I'ltOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill providing for the punishment of frauds
upon the part of officers making contracts for
the Government.
Also, that the Senate agreed to the report of
the committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill pioviding
for the better organization of the military estab-
lishment.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill to promote the efficiency of the volun-
teer forces of the United States;
A bill making appropriation for fortifications,
and for other purposes; and
A bill to reduce consular fees for vessels run-
ning between foreign ports.
