1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
I certify that the foregoing resolutions originated in the
Senate, and the same was concurred, in by the House of
Assembly.
JOSEPH J. SLEEPER,
Secretary oj the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that the resolutions
lie on the table, and bo printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
liears none.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill {S.
No. 66) declaring tfic act to retrocede the county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to
the State of Virginia, to bo unconstitutional, and
for repealing1 the same; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 100) to suspend, in part, the operation of an
act entitled " An act relating to revenue cutters
and steamers," have directed me to report it hack
with a recommendation that it pass; and, as it is
of importance, I will ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider th«
bill. It suspends the act of 3d of March, 1845,
entitled*'An act relating to revenue cutters and
steamers," so far as to allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to apply so much of the appropriation
for the collection of the revenue as he may deem
expedient to the charter or purchase of vessels for
the revenue service; but no liability is to be in-
curred for this purpose which, together with the
expenses of collecting the revenue, will exceed
the appropriation already made for the latter
object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SIDE-WHEEL STEAMERS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was refeired the bill (H. R. No.
80) authorizing the construction of twelve small
side-wheel steamers, have instructed me to report
it back, with a recommendation that it pass, with
an amendment. I ask for the consideration of the
bill at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill; which directs the Secretaiy of the Navy to
cause to be constructed, with the least possible
delay, twelve small side-wheel steamers^, for the
use of the Navy and the revenue service of the
Unhed States, of light draught and great speed;
and for that putpose appropriates ^1,200,000.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was, in line five, to strike out the words
"and the revenue service;" so that the bill will
read:
That the Secretaiy of the Navy shall cau^e to be eon-
stiuircil, null the Ifa^t possible delay, twelve "mail cule-
wheel «/teamois, for the use of the Navy of the United
States, ot light diau^ht and great speed; and ior the pm-
po>c atoiesaid $1,2U0,0Q0 be, and the same hereby is,
appiopuat'id.
Mr. HALE. The object of that amendment
is to provide that these steamers furnished to the
Navy, and also to the revenue service, shali be
entirely under the control of the Secretary of the
Navy, instead of a joint control, as heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred m, and ordered to
be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to be read
a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
INCREASE OF E.NGINEER CORPS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia have instructed me to re-
port a bill (S. No. 65) to authorize an increase in
the corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neer; and 1 ask for its present consideration.
The bill was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT protempoie. This bill has
been twice read, and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts asks foritspresentconsideration. It can
only be done by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr, HALE. I object to the consideration of
that bill at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
interposed, it will lie over under the rule.
PAY OF SENATOR DOUGLAS.
Mr. CLARK, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution (S. No. 5) to pay the
widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due to him as a Senator at the time of his death,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment to the joint tesoiu-
tion (5. No. 5) to pay the widow of the late Stephen A.
Douglas the amount due to him as a Senator at the time of
hi-s death, having met, after lull and free confeience have
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses, as fol-
lows?:
That the Ilou&e leecdefrom their amendment to the said
resolution.
DANTEL CLARK,
ANDREW JOHNSON,
JAMES DIXON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. A. RICHARDSON,
A. P. MORRILL,
Managers on the jiai t oj the Ho me.
The report was concurred in.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 6)
relative to appeals in cases of private land claims
and surveys m the State of California, have in-
structed me to report it back to the Senate, with
a recommendation that it do pass; and I ask its
consideiation at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the bill will bo considered at this
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
from Illinois that the House have resolved not to
consider that class of bills at this session; and it
will be useless to pass it, as it will not be acted
on in the House of Representatives. I hope
therefore it will not be taken up.
Mi. LATHAM. I should like very much to
have that bill he over. 1 Icuow nothing in rela-
tion to it. It seems to be connected with some
land grant in California.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection be-
ing made to the present consideration of the bill,
it lies over under the rules.
Mr. LATHAM. In the mean time I will look
into it.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution of the House of Representatives,
providing for the ad journment of Congress, which
was laid on the table a day or two ago. I want
to offer an amendment to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate; eoneuiring.) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Repte&ent-
ative< be authonzed to close the present session by ad-
journing their les-peetive Houses on Enday, the 2d day of
August next, at twelve o'clock in.
Mr. SIMMONS. I piopose, as an amendment
to that resolution, to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert the following in lieu
thereof?
That the Speaker bo, and he is hereby, authonzed to ad-
journ tin; House of Representatives on the instant, at
twelve o'clock mendian, to meet on the first Monday of
Deceinbtn next, unlo&s hooner convened by piociamauon
of the PicMdent; and that the President of the Senate be,
and lie i= hereby, authonzed to adjourn the Senate at huch
time as may he detei mined upon by a ic&olution of that
body, to meet at the same time,, ind a-s is heiein lixed for the
meeting of tin; House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on filling the blank in the proposed
amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not propose to have
that amendment considered to-day. I merely
wish to lay it on the table for consideration to-
morrow.
Mr. HALE. I want to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the tabic, and be printed, if there be no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make an explana-
tion about this proposition. It is well understood
that it is not necessary to keep the House of Rep-
resentatives here after we finish our legislative
business, while the Senate must remain, or else
appointments made during the recess will fail. Oh
an examination of the Constitution, it is perfectly
clear that those appointments hold until the end
of the Session of the Senate. There is afiother
clause of the Constitution, which says that neither
House shall adjourn fpr more than three days
without the concurrence of the other. It is very
j>lain that we can give the House of Representa-
tives an opportunity to adjourn to-morrow, if they
can get through their business, and leave us here
to attend to executive matters. When the prop-
osition is printed and laid before Senators, I have
no doubt it will meet their concurrence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tipn for adjournment will lie on the table, and the
amendment will be ordered to be printed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow, so that, if possible, we may
get through with business and allow the House
an opportunity to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. I can assure the Senator that the business
that has to be done in committee at this time is
vastly more laborious, or quite as much so, as
anything done here. For one, 1 am certain the
Committee on Naval Affairs can pass the time
more profitably in committee until twelve o'clock
than they can by meeting here at eleven. I have
a meeting of that committee called for to-morrow
at half past nine o'clock, and it will lake until
twelve o'clock to dispose of their business.
Mr, SIMMONS. I do not know much about
the business before committees; but I am in the
habit of getting up early enough to come here at
half after eight, if necessary. I think the Senate
should meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock. The
House might meet also at the same hour, and we
might close up our legislative business and allow
them to adjourn and go home to-morrow. I think
it is our duty, if we can accomplish it, to let the
House of Representatives adjourn to-morrow;
and for that purpose I am sure the Senate will
give up an hour in the morning.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a single word in
reference to the appeal made by the Senator from
Rhode Island in behalf of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The House of Representatives are
constantly sending down to us new bills—they
sent some yesterday—and some pretty important
bills; and it seems to me there is no great neces- •
sity for making an appeal in their behalf so long
as they send bills to us to act upon. I think we
had better meet as usual, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SIMMONS. If they are not ready to ad-
journ, of course they will not adopt this resolu-
tion. All we ask is that the Senate meet at an
earlier hour, so that, if they are ready, they may
get away at two o'clock; that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow, and at eleven
o'clock thereafter until otherwise ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS called for the yens and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Carlile, Chandler,
Claik, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, 1-oster, Howe, Johnson of
Missouri, King, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Momll, Sher-
man, Snunion&, Sumner. Ten Eyck, Wihnot, and Wil-
son—21.
NAYS— Messrss. Bayaid, Rieckinridge, Bright, Drown-
ing, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Hairi-. Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Thomson, Trumbull, and Wade—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there bo no
further reports from committees, the Chair will
call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. Before that is taken> up, I
should like to have a vote on the resolution ap-
proving and confirming the action of the Presi-
dent. It has been postponed from day to day;
and I should like to have the unfinished business
postponed for a short time, in order to take the
vote on that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts make a motion to that
effect ^
Mr! WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate take
up for consideration the joint resolution (S. No. 1)
