392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
to approve and confirm certain acts of the Presi-
dent of the United States for suppressing insur-
rection and rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I hope not. I hope we
shaii go on with the unfinished business of yes-
terday. That is germane to this same question.
Let us get through with the bill which is the un-
finished, business, and then we shall be prepared
to vote on that joint resolution. I would like to
have the bill finished, and get rid of it. I hope
the Senator from Massachusetts will not insiston
taking up the joint resolution. The debate will
go on upon that, and we shall gain nothing by it.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 8. «
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting, which disables the Senate from
further proceedings in the way of business.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There is a quorum
in the Chamber, evidently,and a rccount will dis-
close the fact. If the Chair, by general consent,
will divide the Senate again,! think it will be
found that there is a quorum present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think wc had better
have the yeas and nays; but I am willing to try
a recount.
The question being again put, there were—ayes
22 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of taking up the joint reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My objection to taking
up this resolution I will state in a word. I be-
lieve it is in order to state briefly the objection.
This resolution which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seeks to take up is germane to the bill
which is the unfinished business. The resolution
proposes to declare legal the acts which have been
done by the President in the recess of Congress.
"Will our declaration make them legal if they are
not legal ? Will it make them so if they were un-
constitutional and void? Now we have a bill pond-
ing proposing to confer certain powers upon the
executive authority, which relates to this subject.
1 am disposed to give the necessary power to the
Administration to suppress this rebellion; but I
am not disposed to say that the Administration
has unlimited power and can do what it pleases,
after Congress meets. I am willing to excuse it
for all it lias done, and to sustain it in all it has
done; but if you propose to pass a resolution ap-
proving the exercise of powers for which you
may be unable to find in strict law the warrant,
and then refuse to grant by law the authority to do
what is necessary to be done, it seems to me it
will boa very strange proceeding. I think we
had better let this resolution lie until we dispose
of the bill, and then I shall be prepared to sanction
what the Administration has done and provide for
the future, so that the necessary power may be
in the President's hands.
Mr. MORRILL. I am inclined to concur with
the gentleman from Illinois, and believe that we
had better go on with the unfinished business. It
is agreed on all hands that the bill which was
under consideration yesterday is an important
bill; that it is important to give efficiency to the
measures of the Administration, and for that rea-
son I think we ought to attend to it now; and I
am in favor of it, as against the resolution pro-
posed to be taken up by the motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, upon the ground that I
do not consider that resolution important. I do
not agree with the Senator in attaching very much
importance to the icsolution that was offered in
the early part of the session, to render legal and
* valid the doings of the President. 1 believe they
are valid. 1 believe what he has done is consti-
tutional, and can be demonstrated to be so. It
does not need to be ratified. It does not need to
be rendered valid by a resolution of Congress, i
know it has been said from the first day of the
session until now, iterated and reiterated, that the
President has trampled upon the Constitution of
his country; that we had conceded as much, in
that we had offered a resolution here to render
his acts legal and valid; and the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] went into an ar-
gument, a legal and constitutional argument, to
show that these acts were usurpations"on the part
of the President. If tins were the time, and the
Senate had the patience, I think I could demon-
strate, in not a labored argument, that each and
every act of the President, each*and every meas-
ure of the President calculated to put down this
rebellion, having reference to a state of insurrec-
tion in the country, is legal and is constitutional;
and that the President has not transcended his
power—not expressly and by the letter conferred
upon him, I concede, m the Constitution, but he
has not transcended the powers which are neces-
sarily, logically deducible from the powers con-
ferred upon him in that instrument. I know this
is not the time to go into a constitutional argu-
ment on that subject; but I maintain that the res-
olution which the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts is designed to take up is unim-
portant, upon the ground that itcontemplalfes ren-
dering legal and valid measures which I believe
the Constitution authorizes the President to take
independent of and without reference to the action
of the Senate or of Congress. I think that he has
not transcended his authority; that his acts were
the exercise of powers clearly and necessarily de-
ducible from the duties enjoined upon the Presi-
dent, and the powers conferred upon him; and
for this reason I am opposed to taking up the res-
olution at this time. If it comes up at another
time, when there is an opportunity to speak on
the subject, I may address myself to the subject,
for the purpose of answering the objections made
in the argument of the Senator from Kentucky,
thrown out here and rung in changes, iterated and
reiterated day after day, arraigning the President
before the country as a usurper, trampling upon
the Constitution of his country. 1 repel it, Mr.
President. I undertake to say, as a legal and con-
stitutional proposition, that each and every one
of these measures is necessarily and logically de-
ducible from the powers conferred upon the Pres-
ident, and from the duties enjoined upon him in
that instrument. Believing so, I care very little
whether the resolution is acted upon or not; and
I am in favor of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill, the unfinished business before the Sen-
ate, which on all hands is agreed to be important.
I shall therefore vote against taking up the x*eso-
lution.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
if he did not vote against the motion made by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] at an
early day of the session, to postpone the consid-
eration of this resolution for one day?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I under-
stand the Senator.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator if, at an early
day of the session, he did not vote against the
motion made by the Senator from Kentucky to
postpone the consideration of this resolution for
one day, which motion was made for my conve-
nience ?
Mr. MORRILL. I have no distinct recollec-
tion ujjon the subject. Very likely I did; and if
it were up now, 1 should vote in favor of instant
action upon it. I do not perceive any inconsist-
ency between my argument now and m y vote then.
Mr. POLK. It seems to me a marvelous change
has come over the opinions of some Senators in
regard to this resolution. It was about the first
business that was called up in order before the
Senate at the present session; the question was
on its passage; and it was upon the very point of
being put upon its passage, when I rosc^ stating
that I had some views that I desired to express,
and that I wished indulgence for one day. If my
recollection docs not fail me, the Senator froiu
Kentucky [Mr. Powkll] then made amotion to
postpone the resolution for one day; but his mo-
tion was voted down almost unanimously by the
Senate. I believe almost every gentleman on the
other side voted against the postponement, as I
supposed acting contrary to what had always been
the courtesics of the Senate under all similar cir-
cumstances.
Now, when the Senator from Massachusetts
moves to take up this resolution foi the purpose
of having action upon it, it is to be postponed
again. The Senator from Maine thinks it docs
not deserve, does not need, does not require, any
action at all. At the beginning, it was so import-
ant to be acted on at once, that it could not be
postponed for a single day to enable a Senator to
| address the Senate properly upon the subject;
i but he was forced into the debate piecipitately.
! I like to sec consistency in these things, Mr.
j President; and especially where, as I suppose,
! there has been a dcpartiue from the courtesies of
the Senate, as there was in rejecting the motion
to which 1 refer made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as the Senator's re-
marks apply to consistency on my part, I will
simply say that I will endeavor to take care of
that. He need not feel any particular solicitude
on my account. I have been ready at any time,
and at all times, and extremely anxious, and I
believe I notified the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] that at a proper time I intended
very respectfully to address myself to the argu-
ments, legal and constitutional, which he had
submitted to the Senate. F have been ready at
any time to do that, and I am ready now.
I do not know that there is a single Senator on
this side of the Chamber who agrees with me on
this subject. I am rather inclined to think that I
shall find myself very much in the minority in
the views 1 have expressed upon it; butentertain-
ing these views, I have not, from the beginning,
attached to this resolution the importance that
other Senators have. Of course, however, with
the views I entertain, that these measures are
within the constitutional scope of the Federal Ex-
ecutive, that he has not trampled upon the Con-
stitution or the laws in what he has done, there
is no inconsistency in my voting to ratify them,
particularly inasmuch as they are so vigorously
assailed upon the other side. It does no harm to
ratify them, to declare them valid. If he has acted
within the scopc of the constitutional powers of
the Government, wo may ratify his acts; there is
no doubtaboutthat. Whatever power Congress
might have conferred upon the President in ad-
vance, it may ratify when exercised without its
authority. Nobody will doubt that as alegal prop-
osition; and, therefore, to the accusation of incon-
sistency,! reply that,although my notionsarethat
the President's acts are entirely sound and legal,
while they entertain different opinions upon the
other side of the Chamber, it is perfectly in har-
mony with the ordinary principles of legislation,
where there is any doubt at alias to the rightful ex-
ercise of power on the part of the Executive, and
nothing is more common than that the Legislature
should step in and ratify an act of the Federal
Executive which it might have empowered him
to do in advance.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to take up the joint resolution indicated by
him for consideration. The Chair feels obliged
to suggest that the debate, in his judgment, is
assuming a wider range than is strictly admis-
sible under the motion to take up a measure merely
for consideration.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rose, in part, to
make that very observation, in which I have been
anticipated by the Chair, and also to add a single
remark. The Senator from Maine evidently en-
tertains a very sincere conviction that the act?bn
of the President has not been in violation of the
Constitution or the laws; because he has asserted
it six or seven times in the course of the brief
speech he has made to the Senate. His convic-
tions are evidently deep and sincere. All I have
to say in reply to that is, that it will be a very
great comfort to the President to be assured of
that fact; for he himself has been under the im-
pression that he has been transcending both; and,
indeed, he admits it in his message, and puts it
expressly on the ground of a popular demand and
what he deemed to be a public necessity. It has
also been admitted by many Senators on the other
side of the Chamber. I have not believed, all
along, that the resolution was going to be voted
by the Senate. I do not believe it now. It may
be; but I think not. My deliberate judgment is,
that in some mode the Senate will avoid putting
itself on record in favor of the principles con-
tamed in this resolution. It is indifferent to me
whether it docs or not. Of course, every Senator
will vote his own convictions if brought to a vote;
but I do not think there are many Senators who
want their names to go upon history in favor of
this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll on the motion to take up this
resolution for consideration.
Mr.. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
Mr. Pomeroy, my colleague, is absent on busi-
ness for the Government.
