1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Breckin-
ridge, Bright, Browning, CJark, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Har-
ris, Johnson of Missouri, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Latham, McDougaU, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Jlice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Wilkinson,
Wilmot, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Hale, Howe, King, Morrill, Trumbull, and
' Wade—11.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
prevails, and the joint-resolution (S. No. 1) is
before the Senate, the question being on its pas-
sage. On this question the yeas and nays have
been ordered, and the Clerk will proceed to call
the roll.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Anthony.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the resolution is
not now open to amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not open
to amendment at the present stage of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Has not the call of
the roil been commenced, and has not some mem-
ber answered to his name?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No answer
had been given. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that now
the resolution is in such a position that it is im-
possible to make any motion to amend, and there-
fore it is that I make themotion that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. If there be
any portions of the resolution that need amend-
ment, it can then be reported back with amend-
ments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that a reconsideration of the vote
ordering the third reading of the resolution would
open it to amendment. The questioh is on the
motion to refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. DOO'LITTLE. I understand that more
than two days have elapsed since the vote was
taken on the third reading,and a reconsideration
cannot be moved; therefore the resolution must be
referred in order to open it to any amendment
whatever.
Mr. WILSON. I do not like to resist this
motion, but I must confess my surprise at it.
Day after day this question has been laid aside to
accommodate Senators. It is a plain and simple
proposition; there is no ambiguity about it; it is
as clear as sunlight, as simple as anything can be
to the comprehension of the Senator from Wis-
consin, or any other Senator. I shall vote against
the reference; but if the Senate chooses to recom-
mitit, very well; they can take the responsibility.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has never been to any
committee, 1 understand.
Mr. WILSON. It has been to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and reported.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the committee? I
understood that the honorable Senator offered it
on his own motion. I understood that it had been
to no committee, and had been considered by no
committee; but I do not suppose the Committee
on Military Affairs is the committee to whom con-
stitutional questions specially belong. It should
go to the Committee on the Judiciary; andaques-
tion of such importance as this ought not to be
pressed upon the Senate until it has been consid-
ered by the Judiciary Committee, and fully con-
sidered, too.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I shall not vote my-
self for the motion to refer this resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It has undergone
the scrutiny of a committee. It was introduced
here at an early day of the session. Senators
were eager to vote upon it. It has been discussed,
has been open to discussion for weeks—open to
amendment for weeks; every Senator is perfectly
familiar with it; it has been before the Senate
again and again. If we ever intend to vote upon
it, let us vote upon it now. The only gratifica-
tion that I derive from the motion of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is, the confirmation it affords
to what I had the honor to remark a short time
ago, that the Senate does not intend to pass the
resolution. I am glad it does not; but it does not
seem disposed to vote directly; but will consign
it to the duneeons of a committee-room.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POLK. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownine, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes, Hale, Harris, Howe, King,
Latham, Morrill, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilmot
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Breckinridge, Bright, Cariile,
Clark, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Johnson of Missouri, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougaU, Pearce,
Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Uyek, Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So themotion
does not prevail; and the question recurs on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the resolution be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Joint resolution to approve and confirm certain acts of the
President ol the United States for suppressing insurrec-
tion and rebellion.
Whereas, since the adjournment of Congress on the 4th
day of March last, a formidable insurrection in certain
States of this Union has ariayed itself in armed hostility to
the Government of the United States, constitutionally ad-
ministered ; and whereas the President of the United States
did, under the extraordinary exigencies thus presented, ex-
ercise certain powers and adopt certain measures for the
preservation of this Government—that is to say: First. He
did, on the 15th day of April last, issue his proclamation
calling upon the several States for seventy-five thousand
men to suppress such insurrectionary combinations, and to
cause the laws to be faithfully executed. Secondly. He
did, on the 19th day of April last, is*ue a proclamation set-
ting on foot a blockade of the pons within the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida. Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Texas. Thndly. He did, on the 27th day
of April last, is*ue a proclamation establishing a blockade
of the ports vviihm the States of Virginia and North Caio-
lina. Fourthly. He did, by an order of the 27th day of April
last, addressed to the Commanding Genetal of the Army of
the United States, authouzethat officer to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus at any point on or in the vicinity of any
military line between the city of Philadelphia and the city
of Washington. Fifthly. Uc did, on the 3d day of May
last, issue a proclamation calling into the service of the
United States foiry-two thousand and thirty-four volun-
teer, increasing the icgulai Army by the addition of twen-
ty-two thousand seven hundred and fouiteen men, and the
Navy by an addition ofeighteen thousand seamen. Sixthly,
lie did, on the 10th day of May last, issue a proclamation
authouzing the commander of the forces of the United
States on the coa-st of Florida to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, if necessary. All ol which proclamations and orders
have been submitted to this Congress: Now, therefore—
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
all of the extraordinary acts, proclamations, and orders,
hereinbefore mentioned, be, and the same are hereby, ap-
proved and declared to he m all respects legal and valid, to
the same iment,'and with the same effect, as it they had
been issued and done under the pievious express authoiity
and direction of the Congress of the United States: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed ag
authorizing a permanent increase of the Army or Navy. .•
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, ft was my
purpose quietly to vote against this lmplu^on
without expressing any opinion about itlrbut the
attitude in which the question is now pie$£nted
makes it necessary for me to submit sirfl^y the
results of my judgment, made without passion or
prejudice.
The first three acts enumerated in the pre-
amble of this resolution, I would vote heartily to
approve. I believe they were right and proper—
strictly legal, and strictly constitutional. I believe
that the President had the right, and that it was
his duty, to issue the proclamation of April last.
I believe he had aright, it was a part of the power
of suppressing an insurrection, to blockade the
ports of the United States, or any of them. I do
not believe the President of the United States has
the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
because that power is expressly given to Con-
gress, and to Congress alone. I do not believe
the President of the United States has the power
to increase the regular Army, because that power
is expressly given by the Constitution to Con-
gress alone; and therefore I cannot vote for
either of the last three propositions—the fourth,
the fifth, or the sixth. Still I approve of the ac-
tion of the President. I believe the President did
right. He did precisely what I would have done
if i had been in his place—no more, no less; but
I cannot here, in my place, as a Senator, under
oath, declare that what he did do was legal. I
may say it was proper, and was justified by the
necessity of the case; but I cannot here in my
place, under oath, declare that it was strictly le-
gal, and in consonance with the provisions of the
Constitution. I shall therefore be compelled to
vote against the resolution,although I indojja&ajid
ratify and approve* as a matter of public >neces-
sity, every act of the Administration^
Mr. HOWE. I have sat here during tfye ses-
sion up to this time, heard thJ&and kindred j^ea§- '
ures of the Administration discussed, without
taking any part in the debate, and without intend-
ing to take any part in it. Now, however, I beg
the indulgence of the Senate, while I mako;a,few
remarks upon the resolution before it.
I-am going to vote for the resolution, and I am
going to vote for it upon the assumption that the
different acts of the Administrationrecitedinthis
pream ble were illegal, and not upon the assumption
that they were legal and valid. I " approve" of
the doing of them, and therefore I vote for that
portion of the resolution. 1 am willing to fnake
them as " legal and valid" as if they had the.pre-
vious express sanction of Congress; and there-
fore I vote for that clause of the resolution. The
resolution docs not affirm that they were legal;
that they were sanctioned by the legislative power
of the United States; but it declares that they
shall be as legal and valid as if they had had the
previous express authority and direction of the
Congress of the United States.
I want to say furthermore, Mr. President, that
there may be no sort of mistake about the posi-
tion I occupy, that my approval of these meas-
ures, that my admiration of them, is proportioned
exactly, mathematically, to the extent that they
were violations of the existing law. That is the
proposition I submit here; that is the proposition
I abide by. Lot me not be misunderstood. I am
here to help to make laws, and I mean to abide
by them when they are made, under all ordinary
circumstances. If the President had had the sanc-
tion of the Legislature to do what he did, of course
I should have expected him to do it, and I should
have approved of its being done; but then it would
have been but the discharge of a simple, plain
duty. I should have said the President had done
well; he had discharged his duty; but if he did
these things without the direction of law, if he did
these things without the express direction of the
Congress of the United States, if he took the re-
sponsibility upon his single self of saving the
country without the authority and the sanction of
law, 1 say he did more than well, he did bravely.
We forget, sir, what we have passed through.
Theisun shines so brightly about us that we think
it has never been overclouded. That is a mistake;
it has been. With the broad glare of day about
us, we are ready to swear that we have never seen
any night. That is a terrible mistake. We have
seen the night—a very dark and a very cloudy
night. Let me recite, very briefly, the circum-
stances under which the President did the things
recited in the preamble of this resolution. I think
you remember them.
Seven States of the Union had declared their
independence of the Government of the United
States, and had set up a government in hostility
to it. To maintain that independence, they had
levied armies, and not for the simple purpose of
maintaining that independence, but, I say, for the
purpose additional to that, and more heinous and
wicked than that, of subverting the independence
and Governmentof the United States. Notmerely
for the purpose of maintaining their own inde-
pendence, but of conquest, were those armies lev-
ied. I affirm that. Were they not? You heard
a Senator, not now here, tell you that the inde-
pendence of those States was achieved, that it was
a fixed fact. You heard him tell you intones
insolent, insulting, that if you dared to approach
within three leagues of the coast of those States
with any one of your ships and your national flag  
floating from it, it would be deemed an act of war,
and would be lesented as an act of war. You
heard a Senator here,upon this floor, introduce a
•resolution into this body instructing the President
of the United States to withdraw the troops of the
United States from everyone of the garrisons
within the limits of the States which had declared
their independence. Those garrisons, let mc re-
mark in passing, were not merely under the juris-
diction of the United States; they were the prop-
erty of the United States, and subject, by express
grant of the several States, to the exclusive juris-
diction of the Government of the United States;
and therefore the purpose of attempting to with-
draw your troops or to expel your troops from
those garrisons, was not to maintain the inde-
