394.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
pendence of those States, but it was for the pur-
pose of driving back the Government of the uni-
ted States from portions of the country over which
it had, by express ^rant of those States, exclusive
jurisdiction-—jurisdiction to the exclusion ofevery
one of those States, as well as of that anomalous
government which called itself the governmentof
the confederate States. For the purpose of ex-
pelling your troops from those garrisons, they
invested two of them with armies, they sat down
before them—one in the harbor of Charleston and
one in the bay of Pensacola.
More than that: a Senator, not now upon this
floor,introduced a resolution instructing the Presi-
dent of the United States to withdraw the troops
of the United States from the District of Colum-
bia—from the very capital of the United States.
Was that for the purpose of maintaining the inde-
pendence of the confederate States ? Was not that
for the purpose of conquest? What jurisdiction
had the confederacy ever reserved or delegated ?
What jurisdiction had any one of those States
over the District of Columbia and over the city of
Washington?
That was not all. The rebellion as we call it,
asit was, was not confined within those States. It
spread away beyond them all. Even your Ter-
ritories were assailed by it; there was scarcely a
district about us in any direction, into which the
dry-rot of this rebellion did not extend. Revolt wifs
preached in New Mexico; emissaries were sent
to teach it to the inhabitants upon the frontier.
Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, were agitated,
and profoundly agitated. Maryland, here upon
our northern bolder, was also agitated. Nay,sir,
the very geography of yourcountry was reversed,
and the States which I have just enumerated,
Kentucky, and Tennessc, and Maryland, which
had nestled from the organization of your Gov-
ernment in the very heart of the Republic, began
to be talked of as " boid'cr Status®'—the very cen-
tral States of the Union. There were speculations
afloat about the secession of the city of Now
York, that it might seccde not only from the
Union, but from the State of Now Yoik,and that
you might see there, instead of the metropolis of
the nation, a free city.
Those were the circumstanccs under which the
President acted. What would you have had him
do, sir? I put jt to the Senators, what would you
have him do? He had no army to contend with
the forces which were raised to cai ry on this war
of conquest and subjugation. He was notilicd of
this purpose. He who now represents that con-
fedeiate government as vice president, in the city
of Savannah, eaily in the progress of these events,
detailed specifically the progress of the work of
subjugation and of conquest". He told you how
- the States which began to be called border States
were to file off from the Union and join the con-
federacy. He told you how the States of the
Northwest might be expccted to wheel into the
line, and when. lie told you that the work of
disintegration in the* old Union nughtbo expected
to go on speedily and fast.
This did not all exist in threats. They took
possession of every point you had which you did
not actually occupy by a military force. They
drove you out of garrison after garrison, of post
after post; and they took pains to do it, in more
than one instance, not merely for the purpose of
getting possession of the spot, but they were
careful to demonstrate, by the manner in which
they took possession, thatthcy meant it as an act
of conquest. Lei me lecite to you but a single
instance of that fact. There was m the hnrboi°of
Charleston a post unoccupied except by a mere
guard, a single individual. Cawilo" Pinckney 1
think it is called. If the State of youth Carolina,
or the city of Charleston, or the government of
the confederate States, deemed it, worth while to
possess that post, they had but to send a consta-
ble down there, or a'city watchman, any man,
and take possession of it. That did not suit their 1
purpose. Theie uould have been no pretense of i
subjugation, of conquest, in that. Sir, they took i|
possession of it, nevertheless: and, aa I well <ve- '
member, it occupied a column in the leading !
journal of Chaih-sfon to describe the details nl' !
the military movement by which they conqur ird j
and took possession of Castle Pinckney. They i
told you what military company was musteie'd 1
and paraded. They told you how carefullv the •
object of the movement was concealed from the :
men to be employed in it. They tojd you how
long they paraded in the streets of Charleston
and before its population. They told you how
they went down to the dock, and upon what boat
they were taken, and finally how they landed
before Castle Pinckney. Instead of walking up
and opening the gates, they had scaling ladders,
and with those this military company rushed
around on the rear of the fort, scaled the walls, and
conquered the old man who was inside of them.
That was their first great conquest. Their sec-
ond was like unto it. I told you they had invested
two of your forts—Sumter and Pickens They
were not content with besieging them: they took
them. They were notified expressly,told officially
by thecommanderthere,thathe had butagarrison
of about seventy or eighty men, and they did not
threaten the peace of the city at all; told by him
distinctly that if allowed to remain there but a few
days longer, he would have to retire before starva-
tion. They could not allow him to do that. Why?
Because if they had allowed him to leave Fort
Sumter, ictiringsimply before hunger, there would
have been no pretense for saying that he had been
conquered by the forces of the confederacy. And
so, when, as the record tells you, those seventy
men had not tasted bread for forty-eight hours,
at four o'clock in the morning, they say, some
nine great, black, frowning batteries opened their
brazen throats upon this devoted garrison; and
for forty hours they rained a storm of iron upon
them, until, as they tell you, the walls of that fort
resembled a honey-comb. Those seventy men
did capitulate.
There was their second conquest. Here were
the threats; here were the overt acts in illustration
of what they meant by their threats. What would
you have had your President do? I say again
he had no army; he had no navy; lie had no Con-
gress here to give him either, and he could not
immediately summon a Congress to clothe him
with this authority. Would you,str—would any
man here—have had him fold his arms, and say, I
have no authority; I know the country is going
to pieces; I know that in the piogicss of a very
few weeks or months we shall not have anywhere
a vestige of the Government of the United States;
I know 1 have taken an oath to maintain t his Con-
stitution, and enforce these laws which have been
enacted in accordance with it; and 1 know within
a very lew weeks there will not be a dozen States
of the Union which pretend to pay the slightest
obedience either to the Constitution or the laws if
things go on as they arc; butthemthe Legislatuie
has not spoken; I must be still; let things take
their couise; I cannot help it.
Would you have had him use that language?
That had been tried once, had it not? You had
heard just such language as that from a Presi-
dent; jpd, if I remember aright, you did not en-
joy it. You had just heard a President of the
United States, made Commander-in-Chief of the
Aimy and of the Navy, charged with the duty of
giving information to Congress of the state of'the
country; you had he<trd him come before Con-
gress and tell you that State aftui State was leav-
ing the Union and defying its authority; that he
thought it was illegal, but he could not help it;
nay, more, he said Congress could not help him
to help it; that Congress could not clothe him with
power which would allow him to stem this tide
of secession or rebellion. Pie told you that be-
cause the Constitution of the United States had
not delegated to the Congress of the United States
the authority to make war upon one of the States
of the Union;and so you saw that President heie,
standing in your capital, before the faco of the
whole world, and I am afraid God saw him stand-
ing here, idly by, his arms plunged to the elbows
m the Tieasury, taking his salary regulaily, ad-
vertising the world that he could do not one single
tithe of "his duty; that he was nominally the Chief
Magistrate, but practically was no magistrate;
that he was charged by the Constitution with the
highest authority and the highest trusts under it,
but that pi actically he had no authoiiiy, no power,
and no control, and could not discharge a single
trust. You have seen him in that critical condi-
tion, standing there, so shamelessly, while 1 de-
clare, sir, th<^ very walls of the Republic seemed
collapsing about him; standing there so idly, so
shiftless, until at the very close of his constitu-
tional term, he sort of oozed out from under the
rums and slunk away to Wheatland.
I say this thing was seen. We yll saw it. All
good men everywhere saw it, and blushed at it.
.The angels saw it, and hissed at it; I heard them.
I never knew anything like it in executive con-
duct. The world had just turned away with de-
rision from contemplating one vacciilating prince,
who, when a military adventurer with a few fol-
lowers landed in his capital, fled before him with-
out an attempt to save his kingdom; but then he
fled. Let him be honored for that. The Pres-
ident stood here in the nation's mansion-house;
stood here in the nation's capital, without the
spirit to discharge his duty, and without the de-
cency to run away from it.
President Lincoln thought to himself that ex-
ample was not worthy his imitation. He did not
like to rehearse that part again so soon before the
American people. Evidently it did not amuse
them. Pie tried another road. It was just then
and there that the President unfolded himself to
his full length; you saw just how long he was.
It was just then and there he got up to his full
height, sixteen feet and six inches, 1 think, more
or less. [Laughter.] It was just then and there
that he touched the alarm bell of the Republic as
he should have done; just then and there* that the
startled nation came to its feet. From Maine, and
from all its forests; from the workshops in Mas-
sachusetts; from the warerooms of New York
and New Jersey; from the plains of Ohio and the
prairies of the Northwest,evei ywheie.cami your
citizen soldiery, no man shouldering an unwilling
musket, and no man should ciing a musket unwill-
ingly. They came at the invitation of the First
Magistrate of the country, not coming one inch,
one single step under the compulsion ofany power
in the country whatever.
What is the result of their coming? The simple
act itself said to the waves of rebellion, thus far
and no further, and right theie all their waves
were stayed. You see the result here to-day.
Tennessee still speaks to us here m the Senate of
the United States, and to the Constitution of the
United States, by the mouth of one of her old
orators. Kentucky—great, bold Kentucky—well,
she did shiver a little m the wind (or a while, but
then she bowed herself gracefully, as was her
wont, to the old constitutional gales, and she took
her course under the old convoy of the Union,
and she will maintain it. Missouri—the very first
dose of secession that she has taken nude her
sick at her stomach, and she spewed jn-r tiaitorous
Governor out of her mouth: and now from the soil
of othei States, he levies wai ,rank war, rebellious,
traitorous war, against the people of'Ins own State.
Maryland—her representatives here tell you that
she is loyal to the core, and by more than twenty-
thousand majority. New York, instead of talking
about being a free city, sends here her tioops,
regiment alter regiment, to the tune of fifty thou-
sand more to defend the frced#n of the whole
Republic and every part of it.
Sir, I do approve of the doing of all these things ?
There was a time in the middle of this night,
when, 1 have been told, six days passed, six long
days of twenty-four hours each, rolled round, and
not a message nor a mail passed between the po-
litical metropolis of your country and the com-
mercial metropolis of your counuy. Now nota
duv passes that docs not brui£ its three regular
mails, as regularly as the sun conies upon us;
not aday passes that the mails of the Uniu d States
do not bring me messages from my wile and my
children. Do you think 1 do not approve of the
inciismes that have resulted in this ?
I say again, if the President had been charged
by the Constitution, and by the laws upon your
statute-book, to do these things, and he had done
them, I should have said he had done well; that
he had been good and faithful. But, sir, if it be
true that he stepped clear outside of the juns-
diction which the Constitution imposed upon
him; if he threw himself clear outside of the bat-
tlements of the Constitution, and at the greatest
personal risk to himself did battle for its pieser-
vation, and saved whatever was sacixd and val-
uable inside the walls, I nay it was not merely
the work of a faithful magistrate; it was the work
of a hern. Give him not merely approval; give
him thanks, if there is any gratitude in the Re-
public, let it be spoken here now.
What_did he do? Invited the people of the
United States to come and save their country.
That is what he did. Pie compelled no man to
