1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
go with him a foot. He invited them. Why,
sir, cannot you allow liim to do that? But what
if the invitation had come from the Secretary of
the Senate; what if it had come from the Mayor
of the city; what if the country had been waked
up for the first time by the roll-call of war by
your drummer boys; and there and then, and for
that reason, they had seen their danger, and had
come to repel it—unconstitutional, decidedly un-
warranted by the statute—very objectionable—
heinous, do you think? Why, do they not tell
us—where are the classics of the Senate ?—that
once Rome was saved by the sentinels of the city
being roused by the cackling of geese? I think
they deified the geese—senseless, accidental, un-
meaning Your First Magistrate issued a sensi-
ble proclamation, laying no constraint upon any
man, unless he was a rebel—unless he placed
himself ill an attitude of hostility to the country,
and thus had won the halter—simply issued a
proclamation, and did more than the geese did
for Rome—waked up not merely the sentinels,
but waked up the people themselves. What are
you going to do for him? Impeach him, 1 think,
said the Senator from Delaware, not now, but
by and by; and I am decidedly of the opinion that
it had better be postponed for the present.
This was not all lie did, I admit. There was
some constraint, not by this act of his, but by
anotherone. He did direct the Commanding Gen-
eral of the United States to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. They say that is unconstitutional,
illegal, not warranted by statute. The authority
to suspend that writ, they say, resides here in the
Lcgislatuic. It may.be so. Iam inclined to
think that those who framed the Constitution of
the United States really did intend that the Legis-
lature should provide the conditions under which
that writ might be suspended; but then the sus-
pension of that writ, like the execution of it, is
an executive power, and not a legislative power
by any manner of means. Congress had not,
they assumed and the resolution assumes, pre-
scribed those conditions. The President saw a
case in which, as he deemed, the very existence
as well as the welfare of the country demanded
that the act should be done, and he did it; if you
say, not like a faithful magistrate, I say he did it
like a brave one.
Sir, 1 do not know how it is with other Sena-
tors upon this floor, but 1 confess myself to be
astounded at those Senators here who profess
such unbounded veneration for your statutes as
simply the expression of the will of the people
that they will stand by the statute, while the
very power which enacted them is being thrown
down, and trampled in the dust. That seems to
me an excess of veneration for the legislative
power. I desire that all our magistrates and all
our men shall observe the Constitution, and shall
observe the laws; but I do not ask any one of
them to bind himself so closely and indissolubly
to the forms of the one or the other that he must
perish with them both. But the limitations of
the Constitution and the limitations of the statute
weie provided to guard against any encroach-
ments of the Government upon the people, the
people upon the Government, or of all the differ-
ent departments of the Government upon each
other; never any one of them designed to so fet-
ter the whole that they could put forth no single
exertion which was necessary to save the whole.
Why, sir, when 1 am well, when my blood cir-
culates freely, if a suigeon puts his lancet into my
arm he commits an assault, and must pay the
penalty; but if I am sick, and need blood letting,
and ho hesitates to do it, or refuses to do it, he is
a coward, and deserves to be kicked out of his
profession. When the country is at peace, I hold
the President, as the highest citizen in it, as well
as the First Magistrate, to the duty of exhibiting
the highest evidence of attachment and conform-
ity to "the laws; but when the disregard of a form
or a precedent is demanded, in order to save the
essence and the soul of the whole, the foim must
give way to the substance.
He did authorize the Commanding General to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus. 1 will not go
into the discu^ion ol the question how for that
was authorized. I say this: I have not the slight-
est doubt that the President believed the circum-
stances under which he acted justified that par-
ticular act; and if my own judgment differed from
his, which it does not, I would still approve the
measure; and why? Because, in an emergency
like that so suddenly-thrust upon the President,
a mistake in the exercise of discretion or judg-
ment ought to be dealt by leniently, if the mistake
was not willfully committed. What Senator will
stand up in his place and say that the President
willfully erred in regard to the exercise of this pre-
rogative, either in Baltimore or Pensacola? I
think not one. By and by we can investigate the
case under which the act happened; but what was
it of itself? What is this suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus ? A man is taken as an enemy
of the United States upon evidence which con-
vinces the military authorities—and they wield
the power, the physical power, of the nation—that
this individual is an enemy, and that his liberty,
his license to go at large, is not consistent with
the welfare and safety of the Republic. He has
committedno overtact; he has committed nosingle
act which your statutes describe and declare to be
a crime. Governor Letcher, of Virginia, prob-
ably had committed no such act until the State
had declared herself independent of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and troops were levied
there to make war upon the United States. If we
had had a military power there which could have
suspended the functions of Letcher himself, do
you not believe the country would have been bet-
ter off to-day if it had been done, even if it had
been done by the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus ? If he had been put under arrest, Virginia
would have been worth millions moie to-day than
she is.
What shall you say ? What do you say ? As-
saulted as you were by a hostile army, you raise
an army to repel it; you fight a battle; you take
prisoners; yon take only those men whom you
find in arms; you confine them; but here is a non-
combatant, who wears no epaulets on his shoul-
ders, clothed with civil authority. His great weap-
on is the-writ of habeas corpus. He never aimed
a gun at you; he never leveled a cannon nor dis-
charged one; but he finds a whole company of
artillery in prison; he issues his writ of habeas
corpus, discharges them in whole if the return is
made to linn; and the next day his artillery com-
pany level their cannon against your own troops
again. You think it is the duty of the commander
to catch them again, do you ? You'tlnnk he should
not interfere with the exercise of the authority of
this civil magistrate, who is simply wielding the
writ of habeas corpus '■ He is worse than if he
took a gun against us, for then he would count
but a man. Taking the, writ of habeas corpus, he
musters a company of men every time he can
have the writ executed and returned and pro-
nounce judgment upon it. You think the func-
tions of the magistrate should not be disturbed;
that we should airest his artillerymen as fast as
he discharges them, and we are to let thjs work
of discharging them from imprisonment go on.
I do not think so. I would not do it. It is not
a humane way of carrying on the war.
The President issued a proclamation calling
into the service of the United States forty-two
thousand and thirty-four volunteers. It was clearly
illegal: I am not satisfied it was necessary. _1 am
inefmed to think it was not. If the Administra-
tion erred, I would not condemn them. That
it was not a willful error, 1 believe. That it was
a willful error, I think no man will assert. Be-
sides, the proclamation itself informed the coun-
try that it was to be of no validity unless it was
sanctioned by the Congress of the United States,
and accordingly you have been passing on act
here at this very session to sanction it. No man's
rights were interfered with; no man was com-
pelled to enlist; no mail was compelled to take a
commission. They never drew a sword, they
never shouldered a gun; not a man ot them. Do
you think the liberties of the country have been
endangered by that act ? Do you hesitate to accord
to it youi approval, and to say of the act of issuing
that proclamation that it shall be as valid as if it
had the previous express sanction of the Congress,
and no more valid? 1 do not hesitate^ to^say It;
and we owe it to the President of the United States
to give to him the sanction of our approval, and
to give 10 him whatever justice there is in the
assent in the legislative power of the United States;
and so I vote for the resolution, believing each
one of these acts to have been necessary, except
one, and believing that to have been done in the
cxercisc of an honest judgment, even if a mis-
taken one; and if mistaken, not the, slightest
jeopardy arose to the Republic, or to any man in
the Republic, ijnless he be a rebel, and in arms
against it.
For these reasons, I vote for these measures;
and I approve them, as I said in the outset, ,all the
more because the taking of them involved the
President in some personal hazard. I will not
approve them more; but I admire them the more
because he did not hesitate to save the Republic,
although the act of saving it-might be attended
by some personal risk to himself. Why, sir, I
have heard that when a chasm opened in the
Forum of Rome, it was said by the oracles that
whatever was most precious in Rome, must go
into it to close it; ana a soldier, with his armor
on, mounted his horse, and spurred him into the
chasm; and I am told that the conscious earth
closed over him. Sir, while your flag floats from
yonder dome, let no man who loves the Republic
ever forget that, in the year 1861, the President
of the United States saw a horrid chasm opening
to the Union of the States, and he did not hesi-
tate a moment, clothed with all that was precious
to him in the way of name or fame, to plunge
himself into the chasm. There may be those
who, thinking that a post of personal danger,
prefer to stand on the bank of the chasm-, and to
throw their shafts at him. As for me, I prefer
to do as I have told you to-day, go down into the
the gulf with him, and share whatever peril there
is there. I avow my approval of his acts—every
one of them.
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President, I am not
able to vote for this joint resolution. Although
I approve of the first, second, third, and partly
of the fifth, I cannotconsent to give my approval
to the fourth and sixth acts enumerated m the
resolution, by which the President authorized the
Commanding General to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. I do not rise to make a speech; but to give
the reason why I cannot vote for the resolution.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am charged, by a commit-
tee of conference, to make a report; and if this
joint resolution could be laid aside, I should like
to present it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall have a vote
on the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The report of a committee of con-
ferencais a privileged question.
Mr. SIMMONS. If a vote can be taken now
on the resolution, I shall not interpose.
Mr. CLARK. Let us vote. We can get a
vote now.
Mr. COWAN. I have something to say on
that subject. It is very short.
Mr. SIMMONS. If any further remarks are
to be made upon it, I desire to make the report
now. 1 understand that reports of committees
of conference have been considered privileged
questions.
Mr. COWAN. I am satisfied for the Senator
from Rhode Island to go on.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the resolution
be laid aside informally until I make this report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered the sense of the Senate unless object-
ed t0' THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 54) to provide increased
levenuo from imports, to pay the interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes, have met, and
after full and free conference, have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend to the respective
Houses, that the Senate recedc from its disagree-
ment to the bill of the House, and the committee
recommend the following substitute.
I suppose, the only way, if the Senate choose
to act on it now, is to read the bill by sections
and adopt them.
' Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator if he
does not propose to have that printed? It lias not
been before us.
Air. SIMMONS. It is all printed now.
Mr. GRIMES. It has never been before this
body.
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh, yes.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it to be a bill of
the House of Representatives, copies of which
have been distributed about the Chamber; but it
has never been under consideration here at all.
