1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
tons, button cloths, trimmings, and on silk twist, twist com-
posed of mohair and silk, sewing silk in the gum or puri-
fied, and all other'mauufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall bo the component material of chief value, not other-
wise provided tot, 40 per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 3. Ami be it further enacted, That all articles, good*.
wares, and merchandise, imported from beyond the"Cape
of Good Hope in foreign vessels, not entitled by reciprocal
treaties to be exempt from discriminating dunes, tonnage,
and othei charges, and all other asticics, goods, wares, ana
mciclmndisc not unpolled direct fiom the place of their
giowth or production, or in foreign vessels, entitled by le-
cipiocal treaties to be exempt from discriminating duties,
tonnage, and othei charges, shall be subject to pay, in addi-
tion to the duties imposed by this act, 30 per centum ad
valorem: Provided, That this rule shall not apply to goods,
wares, and merchandise imported from beyond the Cape
of Good Hope in American vessels.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, from and after
the passage of this act, there shall be allowed on all articles
wholly manufactured of materials impoited, on which du-
ties have been paid, when expoited, a dtawback, equal in
amount to the duty paid on such mateuals and no more,
to be asceitamed under such legulations a<? shall be pie-
scribed by tlx: Secretary of the Treasury : Provided, That
10 per centum on the amount of all drawbacks, so allowed,
shall be ietained, for the use of the United States, by the
coliectois paying such drawbacks, respectively.
Sec. 5. And be itJurther enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, actually on shipboard and bound to the
United States, and all goods, wares, and merchandise, on
deposit m warehouses oi public stores at the date of the
passage of this act, shall be subject to pay such duties, a? are
provided by law befoi e and at the time of the passage of this
act: And provided further, That all goods deposited m pub-
lic store or bonded warehouse after this act takes effect and
goes into operation, if designed for consumption in the Uni-
ted States, must he withdrawn therefrom, or the duties
Iheieon paid in thiec months after the same are deposited,
and goocU designed for expoitation and consumption in for-
eign countries may bevvithdiawn bytheownei at anytime
befoie the expiration of three yeais after the same are de-
posited, such goods, if not withdiawn in three year.-*, to be
regaided as abandoned to the Government, and sold under
such regulations as the Secretaiy of the Treasury may pre-a.... Mm :
scitbc, and the proceeds paid into the Tieasmy :" iWril/elJ'' .
Tnat meichrmdise, upon winch the owner may have neg-
lected to pay duties within three months fiom the time of
its deposit, may be withdrawn and entered for consumption
at any time within two year^ of the time of its deposit,
upon the payment ot the legal duties, with an addition of
25 per centum thereto: Proiided also, That merchandise
upon which duties have been paid, if exported toa foieign
country within thiee yeats, shall be entitled to icturn du-
ties, piopei evidence of such merehandi-e having been
landed abroad to he furnished to the collector by the im-
porter, i per ecntum of saul duties to be retained by the
Government.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the act entitled
'•'An act to pi o vide for the payment of outstanding Tleasuiy
note, to authoi ize a loan, to icgulate and fix the duties on
impoits, and for other puiposes," approved March 2, 1861,
be, and the same is hereby, amended as follows, that is to
say: First, in section six, article first, after the words " in
coidials and/*' strike out "liquors" and mseit "liqueurs
second, in the same section, aftei the woid " repiescnt,"
iriscu " Provided, also, That no lower lateor amount of
duty shall be levied, collected, nnd paid on biandy, spirits,
and all othei spirituous beverages-, than that now hxed by
law for the desei iption of first pi oof, but shall be increased in
piopoition for any greater stiength than the strength of first
proofthud, section twelve, article tir t, after the woids
" 18 cents," where they fiist occur, inseit "or less;"
fourth, section thirteen, aitiele second, after the word
" manufactuier," insert "except liosiciy;" fifth, in the
same section, aitiele third, sti ike out " wool,'5- wherever it
oceuis, and insert in each place " worstedsixth, m
section fourteen, atticle first, after the words "ten per
centum," insert " ad valoremseventh, in section fifteen,
before the woid "yarns," insert "hemp;''' in the same
section, afrer the woid "sheetings," insert "of flax or
hemp;" and strike out "jute good?.'5 and iu lieu theieof
m=eit "'jute yams;*' eighth, in section twenty-two, strike
out the woids "unwiought clay, $3 per ton;" ninth, m
section nineteen, strike out " compositions ot glass or paste
not <?et, intended foru=e by jeweleistenth, m section
twenty-two, stnke out "compositions of gla<s or paste,
when'set;" eleventh, m section, twenty-three, article
sheathing metal, stiike out " yard," and mseit " lootin
section seven, clause filth, the words " on screws, washed
or plated, and ail other screws, ot non or any othermctal,"
ssluUl be btueken out, and the v\ouls "on screws, of any
other metal than iron," shall be inserted.
Pec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That the exiling
la\v-> *hall extend to, and be iu fmce foi. the collection of
the duties imposed by this act foi the prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offences, aud for the recovery, collection,
dUtabution, and icmisMon of all fines, penalties, and for-
feituies, a< fully and effectually as U eveiy i emulation, pen-
alty, forfeiture, piovi«ion, clause, matte), and thing to that
effect in the existing laws contained, had been inserted in
and icenactod by tnis act.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That a direct tax of
$20,060,000 be, and is hereby, annually Uu i upon the Uni-
ted States, and the same shall be, and is hereby, appor-
tioned to the States, ie«-peetively, m manner following: to
the State of Maine, $420,828; to the State of New Jlamp-
shne, $218,406 66|; to the State ot Vermont, §311,068; to
the State of Massachusetts, $824,581 3:}}; to the State of
Jlhode Island, *116,963 66$-; to the State of Connecticut,
to the Stateof New Yoik,.$2,603,018 66-}; to the
State ot New Jeisey, $430,134; to the State of Feunsyl-
vania, $-1,0-16,710 33}; to the State of Delawnve, §74,683 33}.
to the State of Maryland, 8436,823 33}; to the State of
Virginia, $937,550 68}; to the State of North Carolina,
$576,194 60$.
Mr, KING. I am requested by a good many
Senators to withdraw the call for the reading of
this bill. It is my opinion that every bill which
is passed here should be read at length in the
Senate, so as to give everybody an opportunity
to read it. But 1 am satisfied, from what I hear
on all sides, that it is the intention to pass fhis
bill as it comes from the committee of conference.
I am myself disposed to vote for all the measures
which are,in thejudgmentofthemajority,deemed
necessary, whether my own individual opinion
accords with them or not, fori believe we should
be united in our action. I waive the call for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. POLK. I hope the reading will go on, at
least until we see how much is levied on the States.
The bill which I have here is being modified, as
I perceive from the reading.
Mr. KING. I have waived my call. 1 have
no control over any other Senator.
Mr. POLK. I hope the reading will be con-
tinued a little further, at any rate.
The Secretary continued the reading, as follows:
To the State of South Carolina, $363,570 66$; to the
State of Georgia, $584,367 33|; to the State of Alabama,
$529,313 33|; to tne State of Mississippi, $413,085 66£;fo
the State of Louisiana. $385,886 66$; to the State of Ohio,
$1,567,089 33-*-; to the Stateof Kentucky, $713,695 33}; to
the State of Tennessee, $669,498; to the State oflndiana,
$904,875 33£; to the State oflllinois, $1,146,551 33 j; to the
State of Mishouii, $761,127 33}; to the State of Kansas,
$71,743 33}; to the State of Aikansas, $*261,886; to the
State of Michigan, $501,763 33f; to the State of Florida,
$77,522 663; to the State of Texas, $355,106 66$; to the
State of Iowa, $452,088; to the Stale of Wisconsin,
$519,688 66|; to the State of California. $254,538 66-f; to
the State of Minnesota, $108,524; to the State of Oregon,
h35.l-10 (56-/?-io the Teintory of New Mexico, $62,048; to
•p Teintory of Utah, $26,980 ; to the Toriitoiy oi Wash-
ington, $7,755 33}; to the Terntoiy of Nebraska, $19,312 ;
to "the Territory ot Nevada, $4,592 66} ; to the Terntoiy
of Colorado, $22,905 33}; to the Territoi/ of Dakota,
$3,241 33^-; to the District of Columbia, $49,437 33}.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted. That for the purpose of
assessing the above tax and collecting the same, the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and lie is hereby, authorized
to divide, respectively, the States and Territories of the
United State«, and the Distuct of Columbia, into conveni-
ent collection districts, and to nominate and, by and with
the advice and consent ot the Senate, to appoint an assc;-
soi and a collector foi each such district, who shall be liec-
hohieis and 1 evident within the same : Provided, That any
of said State- and Tetritories, as well as the Distuct of
Columbia, may, if the President shall deem it proper, be
elected into one distuct: And provided further, That the
appointment of said assessors and collector^, or any of them,
shall not be made until on or after the second Tuesday in
Febiunry. 1862.
Mr. POLK. I will dispense with the further
reading, so far as I am concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be dispensed with. The question is upon
concurring with the committee of conference in
this leport.
Mr. POWELL and Mr. SAULSBURY called
for the yeas and nays; and they wore ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say, simply,
that while I shall vote for this bill as a necessary
war measure, I do not believe it, is equality.
Mr. POWELL. I have steadily voted against
all appropriations to carry on this war. I voted
against the loan bill, and I have steadily voted
against all war supplies. I cast those votes be-
cause I was opposed to the war; becausc I be-
lieved that the war was calculated to eternally
sever the States of this Union, and that it would
result in no good, but manifest evil to every in-
terest of the entire country. Having cast the
votes that I have, I cannot, conscientiously vote
for this bill. I knew that the heavy amount of
war supplies that were being voted by Congress
would necessarily result in the most onerous tax-
ation of the people. Those gentlemen who voted
for those war measures, I suppose, can conscien-
tiously vote for this bill; for the votes which they
have given lead directly to it. Those who vote
for war measures and for war loans can properly
vote for the taxes to raise the money to pay the
debt. T, having opposed the war, having voted
against the loan, having voted against the Army
supplies, deem it my duty to vote against this
bill, which I shall do.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not like to vote
against any measure which proposes to raise
money for carrying on this war. I would give
every dollar that I could raise to carry it on, so
far as 1 am individually concerned; but I do not
like to vote for a proposition which cannot be
carried out practically. This tax is proposed to
be levied according to the population in the several
States. It is known to everybody that the cap-
ital, the wealth of this nation,is in the .East and"
in the older States. You may take the State of
Rhode Island, for instance, and compare it with
the State of Minnesota. It pays but a trifle more
than the State of Minnesota; and yet we have no
money there. It will be utterly impossible, in
my judgment, to raise this tax in the new loyal
States of the Union. 1 do not see' where the
money can possibly come from. If the tax could,
under the Constitution, be levied on the taxable
property of the whole country, then I should cer-
tainly be willing to vote for it; but under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, I do not suppose that
such a law could constitutionally be passed. It
seems to me, however,* that it is unwise to pass
a law which cannot from its very nature be car-
ried into effect.
I am told by gentlemen that we must vote this
tax or fail to sustain the Government in carrying
on the war. I am placed in a very peculiar situ-
ation. I do not like to do either. I want to carry
on the war with all the power there is in the Gov-
ernment, and yet I want to resort to such means"
as are within the power of the Government, such
means as can be resorted to. Here we are re-
sorting to means which I think cannot possibly
be realized. Everybody knows that you cannot, *
in the present embarrassed condition of the coun-
try, go to the new States and raise the levy that
is made by this tax law. At the same time I do
not like to embarrass the action of the Govern-
ment; and if this is the only way by which the
Government can realize the means necessary to
carry on the war, I shall be obliged to vote for
the bill, though I da it very reluctantly indeed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I willsaytotheSenatorfrom
Minnesota, that before this tax becomes payable,
Minnesota will have enough Treasury notes spent
there for grain and provisions and cattle, to pay
this tax ten times over. If it had not been for
tlmt, I should never have voted for it. We are
going to buy these things in Minnesota.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Certain Senators who are
loudest in urging the prosecution of this war, it
seems to me, are the last to vote the necessary
means for carrying it on; but we have got this
stem and stubborn reality before us, and we have
to 44 face the music" or give it up. Now, I say,
for the State I represent, we are willing to " face *
the music;55 we are willing to bear our equal por-
tion of this direct tax, and that is the only thing
we arc equalized in; for we furnish an over-pro-
portion of men for the Army, and receive no share
or proportion of the officers of the Army. We
are, nevertheless, willing to " face the music"and
bear the brunt of this thing, and I am willing to
#tand or fall, so far as I am concerned, by it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 cannot allow the Senator
from New Jersey to say that his State does not
have a fair proportion of the officers, compared
with my State. I expect the Stateof Rhode Island
will not only pay its quota of the direct tax, but
three times as much as any other State, in pro-
portion to its people, of the income tax, and we
do not expect a single officer.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the system of
direct taxation will be oppressive in certain sec-
tions of the Union. 1 regret to meet with the
necessity for direct taxation. So far as the tax
assessed upon California is concerned, her people
will meet it, and meet it cheerfully. Our condi-
tion 011 the Pacific coast is this: we have not a
chance to embark in this controversy, as we would
choose; we arc too far distant. In voting for the
tax, I wish to say that I regard it as a mere tem-
porary expedient; that is, as a temporary means
to maintain the war. I vote for it as a w ar meas-
ure. We must use all the power we have to carry
on the war energetically. In looking over the list
of assessments upon the various States, several
of which I know, 1 have not seen that any assess-
ment has been imposed wliich cannot be realized
without any great burden on the people; and
therefore, as a war necessity, I have made up my
mind to stand by the measure. When it was
proposed at first to assess taxes directly, my no-
tion was to oppose them all; but I think we must
meet the burden, even if il were gieater than it is.
While I am opposed to the principle of direct
taxation, which places upon Illinois, for instance,
a tax equal to the taxation of Massachusetts,
where they have ten times the wealth, yet it is
one of the systems of taxation, and we must raise
