400.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2.
the money. I will -vote for it. So I say of my
own Stale-, we shall pay a larger tax in propor-
tion to our wealth than many States. We are
a new people; we have accumulated but little
wealth; and the tax is assessed on us according
to our representation and population.^ Bat these
are not the times to talk about questions of that
kind.- I think that whatever means we have to
furnish funds to the Government should be ap-
plied'. Therefore I submit to the bill as a matter
of necessity.  
Mi-. WILKINSON. I shall vote for the bill,
notwithstanding I believe it will operate very hard
on the people of the new States, where it is well
known they have no money; they are almost en-
tirely destitute of it now. Since this condition of
things has existed, it is still harder than it was
before; but I am relieved somewhat from the em-
barrassments which seemed to press upon me as
a representative of one of the newest States of
the Union, by the provision of this bill in rela-
tion to an income tax, which seems to bear harder
gn the older States than the new. As I said be-
fore, I have advocated this war; I have been for
it; I am for it now; and I will give every dollar
of my own that I can raise to carry it on.
- 1 have felt it necessary to make this statement,
because mj> vote in relation to thisfciatter might
be misunderstood. Under other circumstances,
and were it not for the provisions of this bill pro-
viding for an income tax, I should certainly vote
against it.
Mr. KENNEDY. As gentlemen are explain-
ing their votes, and many have put their votes on
the ground that this is a war measure! and have
said that they will vote for it atily as a war meas-
ure, I feel myself constrained to say that, as a
war measure, I shall vote against it. I am sure
my State does not desire war, believing that war
is an end of this Union.
Mr. CARLILE. I have not had an opportu-
nity to examine this bill since it has been returned
to the Senate; but I am instructed by my Legis-
lature to vote to raise any amount of men and
any amount of money that may bo nocossary to
sustain the Administration in its eil'ort to protect
the Union against those who are engaged in a con-
spiracy to overthrow the republican institutions
.under which we have been born and reared. I
should not myself vote for this bill in its present
Conn, because my jtulgifient does not approve of
it, so far as I am able to understand it; but act-
ing under instructions, I shall vote " yea."
Mr. THOMSON. As it is the fashion of the
day for Senators to give the reasons for their
votes, I will say that I shall vote for this bill very
cheerfully, and shall vote for it as a war meas-
ure. I am in favor of putting forth the whole1
power of this Government for the purpose of
crushing out the rebellion that exists in the south-
ern States this day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to say,
before recording my vote, that 1 vote for this bill
because I believe it to be necessary to sustain the
credit of the Government. It is now involved
in a war brought upon it by conspirators, by
traitors, by a set of men that have combined for
the deliberate purpose of overthrowing and break-
ing up the Government, and changing its whole
character. As to the details of the bill, in cast-
ing my vote for it I shall not commit myself to
them; but I shall commit my self to the great prop-
osition to sustain the Government in this crisis,
and in this great emergency. I believe it neces-
sary to the preservation anu existence of the Gov-
ernment and its credit; and I shall therefore re-
port! my vote for it, without being committed to
its details or to any particular principle that may
be in volved in it; but I shall vote for it as a meas-
ure to sustain the Government against an inva-
sion, an unholy and unjust invasion, that is now
being made upon it.
Tiie question was taken on the report of the
committee of eonfeienee by yeas and nays.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 rise merely for the purpose
of saying that if my vote was necessary to carry
this bill or confirm the report of the conference
committee, [ would give it. I would give it be-
cause the dominant party of the country ask it,
and because I would not hamper its judgment by
my vote. It is unnecessary, however, for the
bill has passed this body, and 1 therefore shall
record my vote against it, because I disapprove
of the features of this bill in numerous particu-
lars; and I think for the purposes of revenue it
will be found wholly defective; and it will take,
in my opinion, an army of a hundred thousand
men to enforce and collect the revenue as laid
down in the bill'. I vote " nay."
TJie result was announced—yeas 34, nays 8;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Cailile,
Chandler, Clark,Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-
seiiden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Tame of Indiana, MeDougall,
Morrill, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, WUiiiot, and Wil-
son—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Johnson of Mis-
souri, Kennedy, Latham, Polk, Powell, and Saulsbury—8.
So the report was concurred in.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives,.by Mr. Etiieridge,
its Clerk, announcing that the House had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 54) to provide increased revenue
from imports, to pay interest on public debt, and
for other purposes.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to print a thousand
extra copies of the revenue bill in the shape in
which it has been passed to-day. It is a measure
of very general interest. There will be many in-
quries in regard to it; and if we can send printed
copies of the bill, it will supersede the necessity
of answering a great many letters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will go to the Committee on Printing. ^
Mr. BRIGHT. By unanimou^consent, the'
Senate can make the order. [".fffraS*"] Tw-j
thousand is named. It will not be too many
make the motion.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent; and it was
Ordered, That there lie printed for the use of the Senate
two thousand copies of the hill (II. It. No. 5-1) entitled ;t An
act to piovide increased revenue from impoits, to pay the
interest on the public debt, and l'or other purposes, as the
same has passed Confess.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 7) ex-
pressing the sympathy of Congress with the
bereaved families and friends of our soldiers who
have fallen in defense of the Republic, in winch
the concurrence of th(f Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed Lhe following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 36) to provide for the construc-
tion of one or more armored ships and floating
batteries, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 52) to provide for the purchase
of arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores;
A bill (II. R. No. 59) for the relief of John C.
McConnoll;
A bill (S. No. Gl) to amend an act to prohibit
the sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating
drinks m the District of Columbia in certain cases
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to suspend in part the
operation of an aot entitled "An act relating to
revenue cutters and steamers;" and
A bill (No 3) providing for the better organiza-
tion of the military establishment.
CONDOLENCE FOR TIIE FALLEN.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 7) expressing the sympathy of
Congress with the bereaved families and friends
of our soldiers who have fallen in defense of the
Republic, was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask that that be passed at
once. It is not necessary to refer it. I think,
after the Senate has heard it read, it will pass it
at once.
The joint resolution was read at length, as fol-
lows:
He it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
oj the United States oj */lmet icu in Congress assembled, That
we acknowledge the faithful services and loyal devotion
of oui hOldieh-Twlio have iought and fallen in defending
our flag and in vindicating the supremacy and majesty of
the Republic. Whether successful, or compelled, by the
overwhelming numbers of the enemy, to resign a victory
aheady won, then graves are honored, and histoiy invests
their names with unfading renown. And while the na-
tional Legislature expresses the sympathy of the nation for
their bereaved families and fiiends, we commend to a«on-
erous people and the Army, which is now eager to renew
the contest with unyielding courage, the nn perishable honor
of their example.
Mr. LATHAKi. 1 ask that the resolution be-
put on its passage.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee ofthepVhole. It was reported to the Sen-
ate without Amendment, ordered to a third reading,
rea^the thpd time, and passed.
§ NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. fepSSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Commifcc on Finance to report back the bill (H.
R. No. 96) making further appropriations for the
support of the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and for other purposes. Itisabill
of very few provisions; and i should like to have
it acted on at the present time. I wish to say,
however, that while I had the consent of the com-
mittee to report the bill, there are some members
of the committee who do not agree to one provis-
ion in it, and did not wish to be bound by the
report as members of the committee.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the "Whole. It proposes
to appropriate $30,000 for the completion of the
coal depot at Itey West, Florida, and. repairs of
the wharf belonging to the same; $12,000 for the
completion of the marine barracks at Charles-
town, Massachusetts; §30,000 for the purchase
of the right to manufacture and use Coston's night
signals; §300,000 for the purchase of ordnance for
llVfr-us^of the Navy. The bill also provides that
-a , j.h^ Secretary of the Navy may change the names
T'tttfewy vessels purchased for the use of the Navy
Department by authority of law.
Mr. HALE. The Senate will perceive that
every clause in this bill relates to naval affairs;
and there is in it an appropriation for the purchase
of (Boston's night signals, which is a matter that
peculiarly belongs to the consideration of the
Naval Committee, and which has been before them
for a year or two. It has been befox-c them this
session, and there has been a good deal of delib-
eration upon it. 1 think, as a matter of propriety,
it should be submitted to their examination at the
present time. I have no feeling upon the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be sub-
mittcd to their examination, because itisentirely
unnecessary to do so. 1 stated, when I reported
the bill, that certain gentlemen were opposed to
the clause referred to by the Senator, and would
make their objections known. I alluded to the
Senator from Ohio, who is a member of the Naval
Committee, [Mr. Sherman.] It is hardly neces-
sary to refer the bill to that committee. There
are but half a dozen items in it, and they are
easily understood. I supposed that the Naval
Committee would state its views on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. As to all the items in the
bill except the one which has been alluded to,
there is no controversy. I trust the Senate will
strike that out. It is an appropriation of §30,000
to purchase a patent right. In my judgment, an
appropriation of this kind ought never to be in-
troduced in a general appropriation bill. I am
informed that it was olFered in the House of Rep-
resentatives as an amendment from the Naval
Committee of that House, and was not reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means. This
is not the proper place for it.
I will further state that this matter was exam-
ined thoroughly by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs of the Senate, and I believe unanimously re-
jected. It is deemed a verjj improper time to
expend $30,000 for the purchase of a patent right.
There is no difficulty in the Government buying
these night signals and using them, like a person
engaged m the merchant service. They can be
bought, and the patent right in that way incident-
ally paid for; but it seems to me this is no time
to appropriate $30,000 for the purchase ofa patent
right. I move therefore to strike out so much of
the bill as relates to Coston's night signals.
Mr. HALE. I do not know how I shall vote
on this motion; but I want the Senate to voteun-
dersfandingly on it. Whether it is a meritorious
measure or not, it is a matter of some considera-
ble consequence. It is the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, of Commodore Paulding, Com-
modore Smith,and some other ^gentlemen who
have high position in the naval service, that this
thing, in the present situation of affairs, is almost
