404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
done at Balaklava,and how provisions were suf-
fered to waste and spoil there. All that is general
declamation; but in what specific particular is it
that you cannot execute this bill ? It certainly is
not because the contract is to be filed. You say
that is done now.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you not require it to be
filed in another place ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it is to be filed in
another place. Is that any great inconvenience
to him ?
Mr. GRIMES. Under this bill, would not
additional clerks be required to each one of the
quartermasters?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. The only cleric
it requires is a clerk to keep these papers-and file
them away, so that the public can have access to
them. It is true, the officer who makes the eon-
tract is to make an oath; but you may put forty
of these contracts together, and make an oath to
the whole of them at once. You need not swear
to every item.
Really, sir,vit seems to me the bill ought not to
be reconsidered. I think it a very valuable one.
I believe it will save millions of dollars to this
Government. In our zeal and anxiety to do every-
thing to clothe the Government with the neces-
sary power to suppress this lebelhon, we should
not forget, at the same time, that it is necessary
to throw around the expenditure of this vast
amount of money all the checks which can prop-
erly be done with due regard to the publicservice.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I think
it is a matter of great regret that we should have
been justly subjected to the criticism of the head
of the Quartermaster's department; and 1 rose
simply to state my opinion on that point.
Mr. POWELL. This bill was prepared with
great care by the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I do not«think it obnoxious to any of the objec-
tions which have been taken to it by Senators
who arc in favor of reconsidering this vote. Nei-
ther do I think it subject to the criticisms con-
tained in the letter of the head of the Quarter-
master's department. This bill does not prevent
a contract being made by telegraph, it does not
necessarily require the articles purchased to be
retained and not sent foiward until the contract is
reduced to writing and the oath taken as required
by the law. It is obnoxious to none of those
objections. The Quartermaster can make his
contract under this bill for a thousand horses or
a million barrels of pork in this city, and ship it
all if neccssary, and to-morrow that con tract could
be reduced to writingand the oath required by law
be taken, and the contract filed.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose he bought a thousand
horses in my country of the farmers: what would
be the details? How many clerks would it re-
quire?
Mr. POWELL. It would require no clerks at
all. The agentof the Government who purchased
those horses would have to make a detailed state-
ment of the horses purchased, the price paid for
each, and the party from whom purchased. He
is to return this account of purchase to the proper
department to be recorded, and to make affidavit,
that that paper justly sets forth the pi ice paid to the
party from whom he purchased. That is all the
bill requires. If the law is, as the Senator from
Maine stated, at present, that there must be a cer-
tified statement on the honor of the officer of all
those things, then this requires no more time, no
more delay than that.
In my judgment, sir, this bill ought to become
a law. It should not be reconsidered by the Sen-
ate. I am very confident it will be embarrassing
to but one desciiption of persons, and that is to
thieves and plunderers. [ wish to embarrass them,
and that was the very object for which the Judi-
ciary Committee framed the bill. That was the
object, I suppose, of the Senate in passing it; and
I hope the vote on its passage will not be recon-
sidered.
I do not wish to be understood as making any
reflection on General Meigs. 1 have no doubt he
is a most worthy and honorable gentleman; but,
sir., from the facts contained in that letter, I be-
lieve he wholly misunderstands the import of the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I am not
surprised, that my friend from Illinois should ad-
here to his particular views on this subject, fos* I
really think he does not believe any bod y can under-
stand the business of his own department as well as
the Senator does; and if he does not see exactly the
reason, everything is idle declamation. Now, I
declare to you, upon my honor, I cannot see any
declamation in the letter, and nobody ever sus-
pects me of declamation under any circumstances.
I was endeavoring to state facts. Here is one
single fact: that, just at this crisis, this gentleman
who does understand the business of his depart-
ment insists upon it that he cannot carry it on
under this bill. I have myself tried once or twice
to impose further obligations on the Quartermas-
ter's department, and I have always met the argu-
ment on that side of the Chamberfi;om the former
chairman of the Committee on Finance, (Mr.
Hunter,) who certainly was as careful as any
man, that it would be impossible, he had satisfied
himself, to hamper the Quartermaster's depart-
ment in that way. It could not be done even in
time of peace, and we never did it.
Now comes in this bill at this time, and we
have the word of this gentleman that the depart-
ment cannot be carried on under it. I say, I am
not surprised at my friend from Ijlinois, there-
fore, for insisting upon it, because he has his own
views upon the matter, and he cannot see how
the head of that department can understand his
own business. I believe he can. But I am a
little surprised at my friend from Kentucky. He
has avowed here openly over and over again that
he is opposed to this war, and that he votes against
every appropriation for it. It is quite natural that
he should vote against a proposition which goes
to relieve the department which carries on the
war principally from b^ing hampered by regula-
tions which would picvent it from doing any-
thing.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
my opposition to the war certainly would never
load me to cast a vote for the purpose of embar-
rassing the department. 1 trust I oppose the war
upon higher, nobler, and better grounds than
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I was opposed to the
war, and thought everything about it was bad
and unjustifiable*, and would vote against any
approptiation, I think I would carry it out by
voting for anything that would tend to bring it to
an end, that is to say, bring it to the end that I
desired to bo effected.
Mr. POWELL. I think differently from the
Senator. I think there is but one proper mode of
procedure, and that is, openly and directly stand-
ing in my place opposing it, and giving reasons
why the war should not go on. I think a resoit
to measures to embarrass the Quartermaster's
department would not be right or proper. It is a
kind of indirection which I never have been, and I
hope I never shall be guilty of.
The truth is, Mr. President, all this bill requires
is, than when an officer of the Government makes
contracts, those contracts shall be putin writing;
the sum to be paid for the article to be set forth;
and the officer making those contracts is to put
his affidavit in writing upon it, that it sets forth
the truth. If it should beiound at any future
time that he has not told the tiuth in that affidavit,
he is subject to the painsand penalties of perjury.
It does not require the contract to be reduced to
writing at the moment the article is purchased;
but it is to be done within a certain time; and it
requires those contracts to be placed in a book to
be kept by a clerk, provided for in the bill, and
to be subject to the inspection of any citizen. The
object of allowing any citizen to inspect it is to
let the whole public see whether the public offi-
cers have given larger amounts for supplies, or
anything they have purchased, than others have
offered to sell them for. It requires the bids, if
any are made in writing, to be spread there for
the inspection of the public. That is all there is
in the bill; and I cannot see how it can possibly
embarrass the Government. As I before said, I
think it can only embarrass really one descrip-
tion of persons—peculators and public plunder-
ers. I hope the motion to reconsider may not
prevail.
Mr. HARRIS. I earnestly hope that this vote
will be reconsidered, and that this measure will
not become a law. If there has been one appoint-
ment in the executive department of the Gov-
ernment which has met the emphatic approbation
of the public, it is the appointment of General
Meigs at the head of the Quartermaster's depart-
ment; and he has in this communication, in my
judgment, shown a fearlessness and fidelity which
is admirable. He has furnished us with a guar-
antee of his fidelity to the Government; and ! am
convinced upon his statement, taking his judg-
ment as better than my own, that this measure
will be impracticable.
1 came here, sir, and I presume every Senator
came here, with the intention of voting for all the
means and supporting allthe measures necessary
or calculated to aid the Government in carrying
on this war. I will not, in any instance, vote for
any measure or any law that will be calculated in
the slightest degree to embarrass the Government
in their operations; and believing that this bill—
whatever might be my own judgment in reference
to it; founding my opinion now upon this statement
of General Meigs—will tend to embarrass the
Government, I will not vote for it; I will not sup-
port it; and 1 believe it is the duty of the Senate
to reject it.
Mr. BROWNING. I should be very unwill-
ing to vote for any measure which was needlessv
and which would tend to embarrass the opera-
tions of the Government; and I should be alike
reluctant to vote against a measure which was
necessary for the protection of the Government
and the public interests. I acknowledge I am not
sufficiently conversant with the operations of the
War Department to know whether this is pre-
cisely the bill that ought to be passed or not; and
I am very willing to yield my own judgment to
a great extent to the more matured and better
judgment of other Senators; but as far as the let-
ter which has been read to us is concerned, the
argument which it contains is not so much an ar-
gument against any single provision of the bill
we have passed, as was properly remarked by
my colleague, as it is an argument against any
guards or restraints whatever upon those who
are connected with the Subsistence department—
or whatever its- proper designation is—of this
Government.
Now, sir, in my judgment, it becomes us to
guard in every possible way we can the Treasury
of the country; and especially in this time when
it is our duty to economize our means to the great-
est possible extent, it becomes us to guard, by
every possible measure that we can devise, the
Treasury of the Government from waste by im-
provident officers, or from robbery by dishonest
ones; and if there is not a large amount of dishon-
esty in some branches of the service connected
with the expenditure of money, there is a vast
amount of groundless and malignant slander prop-
agated against them. Which it is, I do not know.
That General Meigs deserves all the encomiums
that have been pronounced upon him, I will not
not deny. I know nothing about him. I appre-
hend he is honest; but we know, however honest
he may be, it is but a very limited amount of the
details of these transactions that can puss through
his hands or fall under his immediate notice. I
acknowledge I am not able, for one, to perceivo
how the passage of this bill will in any way em-
barrass the operations of this Government. The
Senator from Iowa inquires whether an officer is
to stop to make a separate contract for every sep-
arate horse that lie may purchase in one of the
western States ? That contract may be contained
in three lines. " Bought of A B, one horse at
the price of $150,'* for which he paid and took a
receipt. That is a contract.
Mr. GRIMES. It must be sworn to*
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir, it is to be sworn
to; but it no more embarrasses the Government*
so far as 1 am capable of perceiving, than it em-
barrasses and delays the Government to require
the party who purchases the horse to make an
account for it.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the Senator will observe
there is another similar account to be certified u>
by the same officer upon his honor, and filed in
another bureau, for the same horse.
Mr. BROWNING. That is not the preexist-
ing law?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWNING. Well, I do not pretend ta
say that the law which we have passed is the best
one that could be passed;-but I do assume to say
that it js a high and sacred duty we owe to the
country to guard, by every means we possibly
can, the treasure of the country from being pil-
fered. Now, I do not know that such things
