1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#5
happen; but if the reports that are all through
the world, and which have shaken the confidence
of the country in the management of some por-
tions of the administration of the Government,
have any truth whatever in them, if there is any
foundation for them, there is reason, and strong
reason, why we ought to act on this subject, and
throw around the Treasury of the Government
every guard that we possibly can, and impose
upon those who handle our money every restraint
that we possibly can. If all men were honest,
there would be no necessity for the passage of a
iaw at all. We arc not passing the law to operate
upon General Meigs, or because there is any dis-
trust of his integrity or his fidelity. But, sir, we
do know that there are many persons connected,
and will be connected, in the various ramifications
of business that arise in this emergency, who are
not honest, and who are there for the sole purpose
of accumulating money at whatever cost, or
whosesoever cost it may be.
Foronc,I would benotonly willing,butl would
be anxious to enact a law imposing upon any
man, high or low, connccted with the Administra-
tion, or not connected with it, the severest possi-
ble penalties for any dishonesty in pilfering either
of the Government or of the soldiers; and 1 would
not stop to carry that penalty to the extremity of
death against any officer of the Government who,
in such a time as this, would be so lost to the
principles by which we all ought to be governed
as to seek a position in any department of the
Government, for the purpose of his own pecu-
niary advancement at the sacrifice of the interests
of the public. I do not know that this bill is ex-
actly as it should be; but we ought to pass some
bill with severe penalties, and exact those penal-
ties. If we were to shootoneor two of the rogues,
at would have a more salutary effect in putting an
end to the pilferings thatare alleged than all other
measures we could adopt.
Now, sir, the argument of that letter is not so
much an assault uponany single provision of the
bill, as it is an argument against attempting to
devise any measures by which the doings of those
who manage the affairs of the Government can
■ be kid onen to the light, and inspected and tested
as to their honesty and integrity; and I think 1
shall not vote for the reconsideration.
Mr WILSON. I am sure that General Meigs
will not object to the passage of any act through
this Congiess that shall visit, with the severest
penalties, any man who undertakes to rob the
Government of the United States, or to defraud
the Government. I do not believe any Senator
here would object to such a bill; and if thebenato
will reconsider this bill, and in place of its ma-
chinery, which it is believed will embarrass tne
administration of the Government, some Senator
will bring forward a bill visiting with the severest
' penalties'any man who defrauds the Government,
' I think wc would all vote for such fin act as that,
j and it would be hailed and welcomed by the coun-
try I suppose there is no disagreement here m
regard to the criminality,in this crisis of the Gov-
| crnmcnt, in defrauding the Government of the
United States. The man who has anything to
sell that the Government wants, who asks more
for it than he would ask his neighbor, is at heart
a dishonest man, and I would as soon see him
punished as I would any rebel in the land, i he
officer of the Government who will defrauu it,
who will cheat the Government in making pur-
chases, deserves the blasting and withering scorn
of the country, and be placed for life in thepem-
16 But7s'n', this bill, in the form in which it now
exists, it is believed, will embarrass the adminis-
tration of the Government; and for that reason,
and that only, it is opposed by General Meigs
and others, who are interested ill the prompt ad-
ministration of the War Department of the Gov-
ernment. For myself, sir, I say to the Senator
from Illinois, if we reconsider this vote and put
this bill in a shape to be amended, or bring ill a
bill visiting with severe penalties any person who
shall defraud the Government, he shall have my
vote most cheerfully for it.
Mr BROWNING. Will the Senator permit
me to' say this: I am very much in the habit of
acting upon the suggestions of chairmen of com-
mittees ; I have the highest possible respect for his
opimon upon these subjects; and m accordance
with the suggestions he has made, I will vote with
him for the reconsideration of this bill; for I do
not desire to vote for any bill that will embarrass
the Government, and 1 will do it with the hope
that it will then be recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary and perfected.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, so far as the
suggestion made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts goes, we have statutes now inflicting the
heaviest punishments for defrauding and swind-
ling the Government. The object of this bill is
to give us the means by which we can detect these
pilferers. The statutes now punish as felons those
who swindle this Government, and we want the
ways and means by'which we can detect these
peculators and thieves. This bill was framed for
that object. It requires the articles furnished to
be set "forth specifically, the price paid to be set
forth,and then theofficer totakean oath that that
is correct. It then requires a public record to be
made of them, which is to be kept open for the
inspection of the public. What harm can there
be in that? Why, sir, if a person engaged in buy-
ing horses, if you please, goes out and buys one
hundred horses from A, B, C, and D, and he re-
turns that he has paid §150 for them, when in fact
ho paid only $100, and thus swindled the Govern-
ment out of full fifty per cent., what means have
we of now knowing that fact ? But if that contract
is placed on the record and open to the inspectioa
of everybody, if suspicion should attach to this
officer, you have only to call on the person from
whom he made the purchase, and prove the fact
if he is guilty of any fraud. That is the object
of the bill. It requires the officer who makes the
purchase to make oath that the statement is cor-
rect, and visits him with the pains and penalties
of perjury in case he makes a false statement.
I know that the actings and doings of those who
supply the Army are kept very much from the
country. Some ten days ago I introduced a res-
olution, which passed the Senate, directing the
Secretaiy of ^Var to causc to be laid before the
Senate the contracts he had made, the articles pur-
chased, the persons from whom he purchased,
and the prices paid. No response has yet been
made to thai resolution. Why is it that we have
not that information?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state that General Meigs alluded to that
this morning. He said that, in answer to it, he
might take one half the force he had and apply
them to that for three months successively, and
they could not do it.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; and I want to relieve
General Meigs from that trouble. I want these
contracts properly written out, properly certified,
and made a public record to the country—open to
the inspection of all. It is well known that the
newspapers have charged, and I have heaid pu-
vately, that contracts have been made for Aimy
supplies that are very wrong; that two or three
prices have been paid for some articles. All these
rumors will be hushed at once when there is a pub-
lic record open to the inspection of any person
who chooses to look at it. It strikes me, sir, that
honest officials—those who wish to discharge the
functions of their office with integrity and with
honesty—would have no objection to state their
contracts m writing, and to swear that they had
properly discharged their duty, and make public
record of them.
If this law had been in existence at the com-
mencement of this unfortunate war, there would
have been no necessity for the resolution of in-
quiry that I proposed. I could have gone to the
clerk in charge of these books and had them
opened to me at once. The books should all be
properly indexed, so that if we hear of a contract
oeing made by any contractor, we can go and ask
the clerk to open his book, and there read it and
see the whole of it. You can ask him if theie
were any other bids for that contract, and inspect
them, if there were any, and see if the lowest
responsible bidder obtained the contract.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] s.ee
the necessity for these things now. Why, sir,
the head of the bureau says to the Senator trom
Maine that it will take three months to give us
the information called for by my resolution. 1
tell the gentleman that this law ought to stand, in _
my judgment, it is the very best law we have i
passed this session. We all know how much this
Government has been plundered by these con-
tractors in every war we have had. Even m the
little Seminole war there was'a great cry of plun-
der, and I have no doubt justly; and in this war,
which is carried on on a more magnificent scale
than any ever before in the country, the plunder
will be on. a more magnificent scale. Those who
really wish to promote the public good, will de-
sire this thing to be stopped, if possible. This
bill, in my judgment, will have much to do with
making these public functionaries honest; and if
they are dishonest, will give us the means of
bringing them to condign punishment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish merely to say
this: I do not think the Senate should take coun-
sel of a Senator whose right on this Senate floor
is questioned.
Mr. POWELL. What is the charge? I did
not hear you, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I said I thought this Sen-
ate should hesitate to take counsel of a Senator
whose right on this floor was questionable.
Mr. POWELL. On what ground does the
Senator make such an assertion? How is my
right here questioned ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I question it.
Mr. POWELL. You question it!
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the gentlemen to
order. , .
Mr. POWELL. I wish no personal collision
with the Senator from California; but I should
like to know the ground on which he questions
my right here ?
Mr! McDOUGALL. I will say this to the
Senator from Kentucky 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I hope
this will be stopped at once, just where it is.
The PRESIDING OFPIC'ER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) This discussion is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I make no personal as-
sault on the Senator 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg my friend from
California not to say anything more on the sub-
jeThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
bdl (S. 43) to prevent and punish fraud on the
part of the officers intrusted with the making of
contracts for the Government.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Have the yeas and
nays been ordered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I consider the
condition of our country one in which its exist-
ence depends upon its strength. Its life depends
upon the result of a collision of force with its
enemies; I therefore have been disposed to grant
to the executive department of the Government
all that it asked, that it might direct the force of
the country against its enemies. I have voted
for some bills which 1 would have preferred to
avoid. I voted for this bill because I believed
it to he a means of securing us against extrava-
gances that might not be necessary. But, sir,
wc are compelled to go forward with a confidence
in the Administration, and in the men who direct
our power against the enemy. They have come
here through the pen and mouth of one of the
best and most honest men in the country, ana
have said that the regulations in relation to these
contracts imposed by this bill will retard and em-
barrass their action. I yield to that statement.
do not myself see how it would do so; but it is
enough for me that the executive department ol
the Government states it. I will withdraw this
me VjrOVt'UiUlUlil- owita II. *   
guard which I had desired to throw around the
expenditures, which are to be so immense.
will leave this matter entirely m their discretion,
to bring the force of the .country against the
enemy, so as to use that force most promptly ana
most efficiently. But, sir, they may expect, and
I here declare that they must expect, that the
country will hold them to a strict accountability
for the manner in which they exercise this dis-
cretion Congress confers upon them. In this, 1 do
not express, in any way, distrust of them; for, as I
said, I am prepared to place the entire power of
the Government in their hands. We mustdo so
for the protection of our country; and whatever
risk of life or property is necessary to defend and
preserve our country, I am willing should be
taken, and it must be taken.
