1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
construction of this clause of the Constitution.
Certain commissions which are issued do fall at
the expiration of the session of Congress there-
after. Now, I do not see how any gentleman can
make an argument to show that bccause this
House adjourns with the consent of the Senate,
it does not leave the Senate in session. The words
of the resolution expressly contemplate the con-
tinuance of the session of the Senate.
On the other hand, I do not see that the gentle-
man from Ohio makes a suggestion as cogent as
his suggestions usually arc, when he says there
is an impropriety or danger in allowing the Sen-
ate to go on after the House adjourns. Surely,
the Senate can do nothing, even upon the gentle-
man's theory, in the way of legislative business,
except to consummate that which has already been
passed upon by the House; and if they initiate
new business, it is inchoate until it comes here
and passes through this House, which cannot be
until the first Monday of December, unless, dur-
ing that interval, the President calls another extra
session.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That I grant; but
I only refer to the appearance before the country
of an adjournment of the Representatives of the
people, leaving the Senate in session, which sits
much in secret session.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then, as a mat-
ter of appearance, I submit to the gentleman from
Ohio that nothing will appear better than for us
to finish, in the shortest proper deliberate time,
the legitimate business before us, and then adjourn
and betake ourselves to such other lawful employ-
ment as individually we have. I now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York that there are various
difficulties presenting themselves to my mind in
reference to this question of adjournment. I do
not concur with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vallandigham] at all, that the Senate can go on
and pass measures adopted by this House, and I
would show him, I think, very conclusively,why
this thing cannot be done. Suppose that after the
House passes a bill, we adjourn, and the bill is
afterwards passed by the Senate and approved and
signed by the President: where does it go back to?
It has to come back to this House; and if this
House is not in session, does it become a law?
There is a great number of questions growing up
in this way.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to claim that there is
any constitutional provision requiring the Pres-
ident to notify the House in which a bill origin-
ated, of the fact that he has approved and signed
it? Is it anything more than usage?
Mr. RICHARDSON. That may be; but I am
not for breaking down all the usages observed
under the Constitution in regard to the int^course
between the Executive and the two Houses.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Suppose, sir, this
House adjourns to the utmost limit allowed by
the Constitution, without the consent of the Sen-
ate; and suppose that in the mean time the Senate
pass a bill already passed by the House: is it not
perfectly competent for the President to sign it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly; because
the Constitution provides m express terms that
one House may adjourn without the consent of
the other House for that time. I desired to pre-
sent to the gentleman from New York the diffi-
culties in the way of this resolution.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would like to put
one question to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With pleasure.
Mr.WHITE,of Indiana. The section to which
the attention of the House was called by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has
always, as I understand, received the interpreta-
tion that all appointments ceased with the next
session of Congress. I infer that there is no
affirmative clause of the Constitution regulating
the adjournment of the two Houses, but I infer
from the third section that one House cannot ad-
journ without the consent of the other; because
in case of disagreement the President has power
to adjourn both Houses himself. That implies,
necessanl y, as gentlemen learned in the law would
say, ex vi termini, that the Houses cannot adjourn |
separately, or by separate and mutual consent, ;
but only by concurrent vote; and, therefore, all |
those appointments on the vacancies existing be- I
fore the session will necessarily expire at the time
when either or both Houses adjourn. In my opin-
ion, the case that is put to meet that objection—
the case of executive sessions of the Senate—does
not meet the difficulty; because, by the same third
section, the President has power to convene sep-
arately either House of Congress. The House
of Representatives may be convened separately,
by the Senate, if you please, to find an impeach-
ment. The Senate may be convened separately
to try that impeachment. Being convened by
the President for any purpose over which it has
exclusive jurisdiction, it may exercise all those
powers in their fullest latitude. For instance, it
may ratify treaties, may confirm nominations,
and those nominations run then for the full consti-
tutional term. But I take itthat neither House can
adjourn without the other. The gentleman from
New York has said that Congress may be divided
into sessions, and that it is proper, according to
usage here, to adjourn each session sine die; which
means to a day certain fixed by law, either at the
end of the Congress or at the end of any session.
Therefore I say that the Senate may be called
for a special purpose, and may then confirm ap-
pointments. But suppose the President should
to-day issue his proclamation: every officer now
holding an appointment made since the last ses-
sion, and not confirmed, would cease to be such
officer. Tlfere would be a moment between the
adjournment of Congress and the call of the extra
session of the Senate, when all these offices would
become vacant. I am not willing to run that risk.
We have now generals in the field whohold their
appointments in this way. It would not be wis-
dom on our part to run the risk of adjourning,
but would be against all usage to do so, till we do
so, not separately, but concurrently. That ad-
journment, I contend, must be simultaneous, by
a fair interpretation of the third article of the Con-
stitution, which is the only one actually govern-
ing the question of adjournment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
of the Chair whether it would be more desirable
to have the resolution fix an hour later than
twelve?
The SPEAKER. If the President should have
any communication to make to the House—twelve
o'clock being the hour of meeting—it could not be
received.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I modify
the resolution, so as to make the hour of adjourn-
ment half past twelve.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 55, noes 40.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles:
A bill (S. No. 3G) to provide for the construc-
tion of one or more armored ships and floating
batteries, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 52) to provide for the purchase
of arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores; and
A bill for the relief of John C. MeCoimcll. «
ACT OF CONFISCATION. \ t
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on tfc£
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment,in
the nature of a substitute, Senate bill No 25, to
confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses.
The substitute was read. It provides that when-
ever hereafter, during the existence of the pres-
ent insurrection against the Government of the
United States, any person held to labor or service
under the laws of any State shall be required or
permitted, by the person to whom such labor or
service is due, or his legal agent, to take up arms
against the United States, or to work or be em-
ployed in or about any fort, navy-yard, armory,
dock-yard, ship, or in any military or naval ser-
vice, against the Government of the United States,
or as the servant of any peison engaged m active
hostilities against the United States, then the per-
son to whom such labor is due shall forfeit all claim
to such service or labor, any law of any State, or
of the United States, to the contrary notwith-
standing; and, in case of a claim for such labor,
such facts shall be a full and sufficient answer.
Mr. BINGHAM. The substitute reported i£
the instruction of the majority of the committee,
from which I dissent myself, and for which dis*
sent I desire briefly to state my reasons.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to know to whom
this right of property is to be forfeited?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man's question, although, as 1 have already in-
dicated, I was not myself favorable to the sub-
stitute. The forfeiture is simply,as the bill itself
indicates, a forfeiture of all claim,under any State
laws or under any laws of the United States, of
the person so offending, to any person hitherto
held to service by him.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to call the attention of
the House to the fact, that that portion of the
Senate bill which is struck out by the report, is
a provision whereby all property, all movable
property, employed in any insurrection against
the United States by its owner or his agent or em-
ploye, in aiding such insurrection, shall become
the subject of lawful prize and capture, subject to
condemnation as such in the courts of the United
States having jurisdiction thereof. That is the
provision which the majority of the committee
have instructed me to report to this House, as
originated by them. It is a provision simply
relating to persons held to service or labor, as a
substitute for the Senate bill.
1 desire to say, without intending to detain the
House by a formal speech upon this subject, that
the power of the Congress of the United States
to make " rules concerning captures on land and
water" is one of the express grants of power in
the Constitution, as I have just stated. I desire
to say further, that I am opposed to the non-
exercise of this power upon the part of the Gov-
ernment. It does seem to me, that if a time can
ever arise when it becomes the duty of the Rep-
resentatives of the people to exercisc this power
expressly conferred upon them by the Constitu-
tion, in myjudgment, for wise purposes,that time
has now come. If this House consents to strike
out these provisions of the Senate bill, the House
will thereby make proclamation to the world,
that we so tenderly regard the property of these
rebels in arms, in their rifled cannon, in their bul-
lets, in their powder, in their sabers, in their
horses, in their mules, with which they blow out
the brains, or cut out the hearts, or trample out
the lives, of the loyal people of the United States,
that we are unwilling to exorcise the power con-
ferred upon us by the terms of the Constitution,
to dispossess them or interfere with their control
thereof. That provision of the bill, I will further
remark, provides for the condemnation of this
property according to the requirements of the law
m the courts of the United States having cogni-
zancc thereof. There is nothing therefore, I sup-
pose, in the form of the bill, which is seriously
objectionable, and the opposition to the bill must
be to the substance of it.
Now, sir, having made this statement of the
substitute reported by the majority of the com-
mittee, I hope that substitute will be rejected by
the House. The question will then lecur upon
the Senate bill as it came to the House. I call for
the previous question upon the passage of the sub-
stitute and upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say
to the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary that there are some amendments that it was
understood should be offered. I have one which
I desire at the proper time to offer to this bill. I
hope the previous question will not now be called.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it is competent for me to
call the previous question upon the substitute, and
leave the bill open to amendment in case the sub-
stitute is disagreed to, I will call it only on the
substitute.
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if
ordered, will not exhaust itself until the bill shall
have been read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. It cannot be made to apply
to the substitute ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, if the gentleman from
Illinois can introduce his amendment at this time,
I have no objection to it, and will withdraw the
demand for the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I propose to offer
j an amendment to the original bill, in its fourth
j section; and I suppose it is in accordance with
| parliamentary proceeding to move to perfect that
I before taking the question on the substitute, 1
