412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Now, in reference to treason, which is the crime
here. The Constitution defines what it is, and
provides for its punishment. It declares that trea-
son against the United States shall consist in
levying war against them; and that no person
shall be convicted of treason except on the testi-
mony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or
on his confession in open court. It declares that
Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason; but no attainder of treason shall
work corruption of blood, or forfeiture, cxcept
during the life of the offender.
Now, sir, the crime declared by this bill, and
for which this forfeiture is to take place, is trea-
son—treason by its very definition. I,t is so con-
aictered 111 this bill. It is,so considered by my
friend from Illinois. This law undertakes to de-
prive the owner of slaves of his entire property,
and to give complete freedom to the slave. The
Constitution says that even on conviction of trea-
son, there shall be no forfeiture of property, of
any description, beyond the lifetime of the of-
fender.
Now, I ask my friends everywhere if it is not
a plain breach of the Constitution that a man
shall forfeit his slaves? Whatsoever of property
he employs, or permits to be employed in a cer-
tain way in aid of treasonable purposes, he shall
forfeit it absolutely, says this bill; and especially
shall he forfeit his slaves forever. That is the
language of the bill. The language of the Con-
stitution is, that no tittle of his property shall be
forfeited for longer than his life. In this, how-
ever else we may differ, there is an apparent
unconstitutionality in this bill.
Sir, I will leave the matter with this single re-
mark. This provision of the bill will be consid-
ered, and so interpreted abroad, as assuming to
Congress a power over slavery. If you can, on
conditions, in time of war, abrogate and abol-
ish slavery, it may well be asked, whether you
cannot do it in tune of peace, on similar condi-
tions of supposed future crime? Are we in a con-
dition now, gentlemen, to hazard this momentous,
irritating, agitating, revolutionary question? Is
it politic to wage such a war as that? I know
that it is forced upon you. Your capital is now
threatened, and is within hearing of the enemy's
cannon. You are bound to defend yourselves,
and to defend youiselves like men. Shall we send
forward to the Held a whole catalogue of penal
laws to /ight this battle with? Arms more impo-
tent weie never resorted to. They are beneath the
dignity til" our great cause. They arc outside of
the policy wluch ought to control this Govern-
ment, and lead us on to success m the war that
we are now fighting. If you hold up before your
enemies this cloud of penal laws, they will say:
" War is bettor than peace. War is comparative
repose." They will say, when they an1 subdued,
or if they choose now to submit, "What next?
Have we peace, or is this new army of penal laws
then to come into action? Are these penal laws
to inflict upon us a long agony of prosecution
and forfeiture?"
No, gentlemen, it is not by such means that we
are to achieve the great object of establishing our
Union and reuniting thecountty. bir, these laws
will have no efUcacy in war. Their only effect
will be to stimulate your adversaries to still more
desperate measures. That will be the effect of
this army of penal laws. The experiment has
been tried by other countries. England tried it
upon Ireland, and she reaped the reward of it in
hundreds of years of intestine war. And that is
its natural product. These penal laws will prove
to be the seed-ground from which will spring up
new rebellions. Gentlemen, for the sake of our
country, 1 ask you not to enter upon such an ex-
periment. Your laws already declare what is
treason; they define what shall be the penalties
of that crime. They are sufficient, and I hope
there will be no further action, such as this bill
contemplates. You know, as well as I do, the
peculiar sensitiveness which exists upon the pe-
culiar species of property to which this bill espe-
cially applies. I state now, as I have stated moic
than ante in the other end of the Capitol, that I
do not appear here to plead the cause of the slave-
holder. 1 am here to plead for my country; I am
here to speak for my countiy; and with an hon-
est, sincere heart, with all tho earnestness of my
nature, do I implore you to forego the passage
of this bill, and to dismiss it from your delibera-
tions. The eyes of the world are upon you. You
are in the presence of events that will be of deeper
interest in history than any that have occurred in
a hundred years; of as great importance, it seems
to me, as can occur to the human race. Then
let us not be here employing our time and inge-
nuity in finding out penal laws that can only have
their effcct after the war is over. When that war
shall be over, I want to see it succeeded by the
blessings of peace; 1 want to see manifested that
spirit of forbearance and forgiveness which alone
can bring us peace. If we are to provide, and
provide beforehand, for a code of penal laws,
which is to visit the citizens of the rebellious States
when they shall have laid down their arms, in
their property, in their persons, and in every
way, we shall have no peace.
IV^r. Speaker, great scenes are before us, and I
hope we shall so act our part that no discredit
shall fall upon us, for all these events will be re-
corded in the historic page. The acts of which
we are now the active agents in this greatest scene
ever presented to the world, will be written with
an impartial hand. The interests of mankind
were never so deeply involved as in this strife that
is no-w^oing on; and I repeat that the pen of the
historian will lay all these things open before the
world. Lotus, then, act our part like men; let us
look above these little means of penal laws which,
give me leave to say, will furnish those in arms
against the Government a pretext for misrepresent-
ing the purposes and objects of this war. We have
declared that this war is notfor the subjugation of
the Stfutli, not for the overthrow of slavery, nor
for the overthrow of their social institutions, but
simply for the noble purpose of restoring our
country and preserving the Union. That is our
object. Let the means with which we pursue
that object be as noble and elevated as the object
itself. Let us raise ourselves to that high level.
But what will be the effcct of these penal laws?
Does any man suppose they will assist you in
gaming a single battle? When we have before
us the noble purpose of uniting our countrymen
under a common Government and of restoring the
supremacy of the Constitution, is it necessary to
rake in the dust for these small, petty means of
annoyance, the effect of which will only be to
render those now in arms against the Government
more bitter against us ? l)o you promote your
cause by resorting to such means? If all the ends
we aim at meet in the good of our country, and
nothing but our country's good, let it be so, and
let the means we employ show it. You must suc-
ceed,if you succeed atall, by means of power and
magnanimity. We are not here a band of law-
yers, to be getting up prosecutions against a man
because his seivant followed him to the war. Of
what moment is that? What do you and I care?
Does it weigh a single gram of sand in this great
scale of war? Not a grain of sand. It is among
the smaller matters, that are not nccessary to be
looked after here at all.
I do not intend to trouble the House, particu-
larly after the indulgence which has been granted
me to occupy the iloor at this time. There is
much more in this connection that I would say
under other en cumstances. I have spoken of
what seemed to me to be of eminent importance
in this crisis. I have said that this bill violates
the Constitution, if in nothing else, in making the
forfeiture of property complete, when the Consti-
tution says that for treason—even for treason, the
highest of crimes—there shall be no forfeiture
beyond the life of the offender. And if not even
for treason, certainly for no crime of less mag-
nitude can the forfeiture be made perpetual. This
bill, then, is a violation of the plain terms of that
provision of the Constitution; and, Mr. Speaker,
if it is passed, it wjII be misconstrued. It will be
construed in tho country as intending to carry
out an object which I believe is not really in-
tended. We shall be charged with making an
anti-slavery war. I know it is not so intended;
but this bill will be considered as giving an anti-
slavery character and application to the war. It
will be considered as specially aimed at that par-
ticular description of property supposed to be en-
dangered. But is then; any good to come from
the passage of such a law, if it were not for that
suspicion? Your consciences arc free, I know,
from all mere purposes of vengeance. In this
national conflict, let ns do no act that shall degrade
this struggle from its national character.
No; depend upon it, when this war is over the
whole nation will be content to hear no more
sound or outcry of anguish m the land. It will
desire perfect and uninterrupted peace; and we
ourselves, if we succeed in bringing the struggle
to that termination, will hove more reason for re-
joicing than any other nation on earth. I want
to see that great and glorious consummation ef-
fected. I want to see this war prosecuted in that
spirit, in a spirit of firm determination to accom-
plish your purpose; but to accomplish your pur-
pose in such a manner as to show even those with
whom you are now obliged to be enemies that it
is in no spirit of hate that you are carrying on the
war. Then, when this struggle shall have closed,
we may have peace and harmony.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the indul-
gence of the House, I wish to occupy about two
minutes on the constitutional question.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. If there is to be a
debate, let there be an equality among members.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 will not say
anything that will lead to reply from the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. The other side re-
fused the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. May,]
a member of the Committee on the Judiciary, per-
mission to say a word when he requested tho
favor.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I only desired to
show that this proposition did not apply to this
provision of the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move that this bill
be laid upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. Then I make that motion; and on
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 71; as follows:
YEAti—-Messrs. Alien. Aneona, Joseph Raily,George II.
Biowne, Burnett, Calvert, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Ciavens,
Ciittenden, Divcn, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Grider, Ilaight,
Hale, Hauling, Harrison, [Iolman,Hoiton, Jackson, John
son, Law, JJeary, Loqan, May, MeCletnnnd, j\Ialloiy,
Muuziet., Mooilicud, JVloiris, Ni.\on,Noble,Noiton, Odoll,
Pendleton, Rcid, Richard«on, Robinson, James S. Rollins,
Sheffield, Shcil, Smith, John B. Steele, Stialton, Fianeis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
WolHter, Chilton A. White, YVicklifte, Woodruff, and
Wi-isht—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Baker, B.i.uer, Beam<in, Bingham,
Fiancis I'. Blair, Samuel S Blair, Hlake, Rntfinton, Camp-
bell, Chambeilain, Claik, Coll'ax, Fiedeuek A. Coukhng,
Bo&coe Conklmg, Covode, Davis, Delano, Duell,Edwaids>,
Eliot, Fenton, Fc.vsendcn, Fia'nehot, Gooch, Gumger,
Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. KHlogir, William
KellogSj Lansing. Loorn^, Lovejoy, PdcKean, McKnight,
Mitchell, Anson P. Mot nil, Justin S. Momll, Ohn, Pike,
Poineroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander 11. Rice, Riddle, Fd-
waid M Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldnux, Stevens, Beniainin F. Thomas,
Tiain, Tro\vbiid?e, Vandover, Van Horn, Van Valkcn-
bm«h, Veireo, Wallace, Chailes W. Walton, E. P.Walton,
Albert S. White, and Windom—11.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. COBB'stated that Mr. Steeie, his col-
league, was detained at home by illness.
Mr. FOUKE (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FOUKE would have voted to lay upon the
table. *
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same.
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to suspend in part the
operation of an act entitled Ci An act relating to
revenue cutters and steamers;" and
A bill (S. No. 61) to amend an act to prohibit
the sale of spirituous-liquors and intoxicating
drinks in the District of Columbia in ccrtain
cas®3.
N CONFISCATION ACT AGAIN.
he question was taken on Mr. Bingham's
amendment to the first section*of the confisca-
tion act; and it ■was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that my col-
league wants me to yield to him, and I do so.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I not only
desire to move an amendment, but to submit
some remarks on the bill now before the |Jousc.
