414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug
ust 2,
I will go with my friend [Mr. Bingham] to-
morrow, and do my part towards seizing rifled
cannon and bullets and powder. I will do as
much, and risk as much, as he will towards de-
priving the enemy of the means of prosecuting
this war. But when he asks me to transcend
•what I regard the humane provisions of war, to
add to the severities of war, I aril not prepared to
go with him. It has become the practice of mod-
ern warfare to render it as harmless as it can pos-
sibly be. The rigors of war are only resorted to
where they promote the success of armies. Does
any man believe that the passage of this bill will
promote the success of our Army ? Is there any
man who thinks that the passage of a law author-
izing the confiscation of property can promote
the success of our Army? Why, then, do not
other nations think so? When we were prose-
cuting our war against Mexico we respected the
property of the enemy. When Garibaldi was
prosecuting the war of independence in Italy, he
respected the property of the Italians, without
regard to what army they were giving their sym-
pathies* to. Have not the stern rigors of ancient
law been relaxed in favor of justice? Why have
we protested against indiscriminate piracy 011 the
seas? Why has the custom been abandoned of
giving up cities that had been besieged to the sack
of the soldiery, as was once the universal usage
of war? Did the sacking of cities promote the
success of the besiegers? On the contrary, it stim-
ulated the besieged to a more obstinate and de-
termined resistance. If any man doubts it, let
him read the wars of the Peninsula, where women,
rather than undergo the rigors of such a code,
fought and perished, till the streets reeked with
their putrid bodies. No, sir. The attaching of
such rigors and penalties to warfare only stimu-
lates the resistance of the enemy. Letitbeunder-
■ stood that all these southern States which may
be regarded as in rebellion against the Govern-
ernment aie to have their property all confiscated
if we are successful in the war, and do you not
see that they will fight the battle to the bitter end ?
Do you not see that there is no hope for them, no
home, 110 hearthstone; and that they may as well
conclude to die 011 the field of battle as to surren-
der?
Now, sir, if vengeance he the policy of this
House; if this war is to be prosecuted for the pur-
Eose of vengeance, if the feelings of vindictive
parts are directing our arms, then confiscate,
burn, lavage, lay waste. But if merely conquering
and triumphing 111 the name of the Constitution of
the country be the object, then resort only to such
measures as will secure that success, and do not
add to it any of the unnecessary rigors of warfare.
Who can point me to an advantage that will be
gained by the passage of tins act? Do we expect
our Treasury to be enriched by it? Is there a man
here who thinks that we can pay any of the na-
tional debt which we are accumulating, by the con-
fiscation of any of this property? Certainly not, I
apprehend, by the confiscation of one kind of this
property; for if I understand the determination of
these United States,, they do not con template going
into the slave trade at all. They do not contem-
plate taking negroes employed against the coun-
try, and selling them in the markets—in the Cuban
or any other markets. They do not therefore add
to their wealth by this means.
But I may be asked " what would you do with
negroes taken in actual arms against the country?
What would you do with negroes found employed
in building ships-of-war, fighting battles against
the country, tearing formications from which shots
are to be fired 0111 lie soldiers of the Union?" Why,
sir, I would treat them as men in arms against the
country. 1 would treat them as prisoners of war.
Then 1 admit that a question, entirely novel in the
usages of war, at once occurs. You have then
got a species of men as prisoners whom the usages
of war in no place that I have ever seen treat as
such.
I proposed in committee, as a substitute for this
bill, to iclieve the Government and the war-power
of the country from the attitude in which the seiz-
ure oftliese men thus employed against the Gov-
ernment would place them, by providing the sim-
ple penalty that any man taken 111 arms against
the Government is taken as a prisoner of war,
whether he be black, or white, or tawny, or what-
ever may be his complexion. Afterwards, when
you come to determine on an exchange of prison-
ers you can determine on what terms they should
be released. I would have a law by which our
generals, when they come to settle on the release
as to prisoners, shall make the,-release of those
black men thus employed dependent on the mas-
ters losing all right to them. For such a law and
such a bill I will go most cordially; but I will
never lend my sanction to a bill that will send
crawling all over Missouri, Virginia, Kentucky,
Maryland, and many other communities, merce-
nary men who have but to bring the charge of
treason against a man to entitle them to half his
property. Those laws that set on foot the vile
informer have never had, and—God granting me
my reason—never shall, have my support. Pass
that bill, and I cou-ld cross the river to-morrow,
if I were base enough, and could seize horses and
cattle, and swear, or, if my conscience were not
quite pliable enough, get some one else to swear,
that the owner of the property is in rebellion
against the United States, and half of the property
becomes mine.
Sir, is this in conformity with the great princi-
ples of civilized and humanized warfare? Is it
not rather bringing back the age of barbarism,
and inaugurating a barbarous instead of a civilized
warfare? I know it will be said that this is a war
against rebels. True, it is, "and pity 'tis 'tis
true." But still, sir, rebels as they are, they are
men. They have hearts. They have children.
The ties of kindred draw around their hearts as
they draw around the hearts of other men; and
while I would spare nothing that will contribute
to the success of our arms, 1 would forbear every-
thing that is unnecessarily cruel.
Now, sir, I have given the House my reasons
for voting against this bill. With these reasons
I am content. If they ore not sufficient for the
constituency who sent mo here, I think it will he
their mistake and not mine. I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. There have been so many
speeches all 011 the same side, I trust the gentle-
man will withdraw the demand to permit some-
thing to be said in favor of the bill.
Mr.^DIVEN. I will withdraw it if the gentle-
man will renew it.
Mr. STEVENS. I will. I am sorry, Mr.
Speaker, the debate has been opened upon this
bill, for I wanted to do some business to-day; but,
as the talk has been so far pretty much all upon
one side, I wish to say a single word upon the
other. We are told that because the Constitution
does not allow us to confiscate a certain species
of property, therefore we cannot liberate slaves.
Mr. Speaker, I thought the time had come when
the laws of war were to govern our action; when
constitutions, if they stood in the way of the laws
of war in dealing with the enemy, had no right to
intervene. Who pleads the Constitution against
our proposed action ? Who says the Constitution
must come in, in bar of our action? It is the ad-
vocates of rebels, of rebels who have sought to
overthrow the Constitution and trample it in the
dust; who repudiate the Constitution. Sir, thegfc
rebels, who have disregarded and set at defiance
that instrument, arc, by eveiy rule of municipal
and international law, estopped fiom pleading it
against our action. Who, then, is it that comes
to us and says, " you cannot do this thing, be-
cause your Constitution does not permit it?" The
Constitution! Our Constitution, which you re-
pudiate and trample under foot, forbids it! Sir,
it is an absurdity. There must be a party in court
to plead it, and that party, to be entitled to plead
it in court, must first acknowledge its supremacy,
01 lie has 110 business to be in court at all. I re-
peat, then, that those who bring in this plea here,
in bar of our action, are the advocates of rebels.
They are nothing else, whatever they intend. I
mean it, of course, in a legal sense. I mean they
are acting in the capacity of counselors-at-law
for the rebels; they are speaking for them, and
not for us—who are the plaintiffs in this transac-
tion. I deny that they have any right to plead at
all. I deny that they have any standing in court.
I deny that they have any right to invoke this
Constitution, which they deny has any authority
over them, which they set at defiance and trample
under foot. I deny that they can be permitted to
come here and tell us we must be loyal to the
Constitution.
Mr. LOGAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to ask him
a question. I understand him to take the position
that the rebels have no right to come here and set.
up the Constitution in bar of our action. Upon
that I take no issue; but I wish to ask him to tell
me how it is that members of Congress, who have
come here and taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, can, in their own
action, violate it, whether rebels complain of it
or not?
Mr. STEVENS. They do not violate it when
they are operating against men who have no right
to the benefits of the Constitution.
Mr. LOGAN. What becomes of the oath to
support the Constitution?
Mr. STEVENS. The law of nations is plain
to those who have read it upon this point. The
law established in the days of Cicero—Inter ctrma
silent leges—is a law that has been in force down
to the present time; and any nation which disre-
gards that law is a poor, pusillanimous nation,
which submits its neck to be struck off by the
enemy.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to make an inquiry
of the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, to see if I uudeistand him. I understand liirn
to admit that this bill is unconstitutional, but to
place his defense for urging its passage upon the
ground that during the existence of the rebellion,
and while the war continues in operation, this
Congress has the right to do an unconstitutional
act.
Mr. STEVENS. I say that it is constitutional
and according to the law of nations in time of war.
[Laughter.] I admit that if you were in a state
of peace you could not confiscate the property of
any citizen. You have no right to do it in time
of peace, but in time of war you have the right to
confiscate the property of every rebel.
Mr. D1VEN. Will the gentleman allow me
for a moment? •- *
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York has already spoken the greater part of an
hour.
Mr. DIVEN. I will not interrupt the gentle-
man again. I desire to ask him a single question.
Will the laws of war be rendered any more rigor-
ous in consequence of any civil act this legislative
body may pass ?
Mr. STEVENS. I say that the sovereign
power must execute the law of nations. I deny
the right of the Executive to carry into effect the
law of nations in certain exigencies, unless the
sovereign power gives him authority. The sov-
ereign power of the nation can carry into execu-
tion, and ought to carry into execution, the laws
of war.
Now, sir, what are the laws of war in contra-
vention of municipal law? When a country is at
open war with an enemy, every publicist agrees
that you frave the right to use every means which
will weaken him. Every measure which will
enable you sooner to subdue him and triumph
overhim.isjustifiableon your part. If by taking
from him every dollar of property which he has
on earth will weaken his hands, will strengthen
your hands, you are at liberty to fight him in
that way instead of putting him to death. Vattel
expressly alludes to a case such as we now have
to deal with, and says we have the right to resort
to these means. He further says that in time of
war, if it be a just war, and there be a people
who have been oppressed by the enemy and that
enemy be conquered, the victorious party cannot
return that oppressed people to the bondage from
which they have rescued them. I wish gentlemen
would read what Vattel says upon this subject.
I wish the gentleman from New York, especially,
would rea(T the remark of Vattel, that one of the
most glorious consequences of victory is giving
freedom to those who are oppressed.
Mr. DIVEN. I agree to it.
Mr. STEVENS. You agree to it. Then how
is it that if we are justified in taking pioperty from
the enemy in war, when you have rescued an op-
pressed people from the oppression of that enemy,
by what principle of the law of nations, by what
principle of philanthropy, can you return them to
the bondage from which you have delivered them,
and rivet again the chains you have once broken ?
It is a disgrace to the party which advocates it.
It is against the principle of the law of nations.
It is against every principle of philanthropy. I,
for one, shall never shrink from saying, when
these slaves are once conquered by us, " Go and
