416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
goods now in bond are to pay the rate of duties
prevailing when they were bonded, or that which
shall prevail when they are withdrawn?
Mr. STEVENS,. - All goods already imported,
or which, are now on shipboard, will come in
under the duties which existed at the time that
state of facts existed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Bak< r, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Fiarteis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George H.
Browne, Buflinton, Calvert,Campbell,Chamberlain,Clark,
Cobb, Coliax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling,
Corning, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Drven, Duel!,
Dunn, Edwards, EUot, Fenton, Fessemlen, Franehot,
Frank,Gooch, Granger, Hale, Harrison, Horton, Uutchins,
Julian, Francis W. ICellogu;, William Kellogg, Lansing,
Leary, Lookup, Lovejoy, MeKean, MeKmght, McIMierson,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. MorriJl,
NiXon, OUn, Pike, X>ot«eroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander II.
lltce, John II. Rice, Kiddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Sherman, Spauldinjj, Jolin
B. Steele, Stevens^rftiatton, Benjamin P. Thomas, Train,
Upton, Van Horn, Van Valkenhutgh, Veiree, Wall, Wal-
lace, Chailes VV. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White,
Windom, and Worcestei—fc>9.
NAYS—Mesj&r*. Allen, Aitcona, Beaman, Burnett, Cox,
Cravens, Crittenden, Dunlap, English, Grider, Ilaight,
Harding, Nohnan, Jackson, Johnson, Law, Logan, May,
MaUory, Menztes, Morris, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pendle-
ton, Real, James S. Holiins, Sheil, Smith, Trowbiidge,
VaHandrglram, Vrbbard, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and Wright—39.
So the report was adopted.
During tho vote,
Mr. ARNOLD said: Mr. Speaker, not being
able to get a better law, I am compelled to vote
for this. I vote " ay."
Mr. COLFAX. Will it be in order for me to
say that I agree with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Arnold?] I vote "ay."
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of documents.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolutions; which were
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thuii^uul copies of the opinion of the
Attorney General, dared July."), isfij, relative to the sus-
pension of the vvjit of habeas corpus, be printed lor the use
of the member-; of this llou^e.
Resolved, That twenty thousand oopics of the action of
the fust session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress he punted
in pamphlet form for the use of the members of this House.
Mr, WEBSTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Task the gentleman to with-
draw that motion a moment that I may ask that
a certain memorial be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judrciary to ask the House to print
the memorial of certain citizens of Baltimore,
which was referred to the Judiciary Committee a
few days ago. y
No objection being made,«tfajj*petition was or-
dered to be printed.
fortifications.
Mr. STRATTON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill (S. No. 86) making
appropriations for fortifications, and for other
pu rposes.
The biH was read. The first section appro-
priates $100,000 for the contingencies of fortifica-
tions, to be used and applied under the direction
of the Secretary of War. The second section pro-
vides that any commissioned officer of the Army,
or Navy, or Marine Corps, who, having tendered
his resignation, shall, prior to his receiving notice
of its acceptance by the proper authorities, and
without leave, quit his post jfhd duties, shall be
registered as a deserter, and punished accordingly.
The third section abolishes flogging in the ser-
vice. The fourth section appropriates §5,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Surgeon
General of the Army, in removing the stabling
and other outbuildings from the grounds around
the hospital or infirmary, in Washington, used
for the sick of the Army.
Mr. COX. I object to the reception of the bill.
It is too miscellaneous a bill.
Mr. STRATTON. E hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his objection. It is the last
business the committee has on hand, and they
would like to get through with it.
Objection was not withdrawn.
engineer corps.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, asked leave to report a bill
to promote the efficiency of the engineer and topo-
graphical engineer corps.
The bill was read. It authorizes the President
to add to each of the corps of engineers and topo-
graphical engineers, by regular promotion of its
present officers, two lieutenant colonels and four
majors, provided all vacancies created by such
promotion shall be filled by graduates of the Mil-
itary Academy, recommended for such promotion
by the academic boaid of that institution; and
provided further that said corps shall be hereafter
known as the first and second corps of engineers.
It also directs thattjiere shall be added to the corps
of topographical engineers one company of sol-
diers, to be commanded by appropriate officers of
such corps, to have the same pay,&c., and t£ be
subject to the same rules and articles of war, and
to be governed in every particular in the same
manner as the existing corps of topographical
engineers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
RECRUITING AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BINGHAM,from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with amendments, House
bill No. 86, to punish certain crimes against the
United States.
The bill was read. It enacts that any person
'engaged m the act of recruiting soldiers or sailors
in any State or Territory of the United States to
serve in the ai my or navy of the rebellious States
against the United States, or who shall open a
recruiting station for the enlistment of such per-
sons, shall be deemed guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and shall, on conviction, be fined not less
than $200 and not more than §1,000, and shall be
imprisoned for not less than one year or more
than five years. The second secticm imposes a
fine of $100 and an imprisonment of from one to
three years on persons so enlisted. The third
section imposes a fine of from $100 to §300, and
imprisonment fiom six months to one year, on
those who shall by writing, word, or communi-
cation, advise the enlistment of such persons.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio what he purposes to do with this
bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. To pass it.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Speaker
whether this bill comes within the rule of the
House adopted at the beginning of the session.
In my judgment, it is not the sort of bill contem-
plated in the order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it comes
in under the term of " questions of a judicial
character."
Mr. BINGHAM moved the previous question
on the third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment was to strike out the
words " to serve in the army or navy of the re-
bellious States," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words " to engage in armed hostility."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho second amendment was to strike out the
third section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and naya
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. #
The question was takpn, and the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WICI£feW£FE, (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.^the%Iouse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 3, 1861.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
memorial.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial from citi-
zens of Marlborough, in the State of Massachu-
setts, in which they ask that Congress will use
all the means God and nature have put into their
hands against those now in rebellion against the
Government. The memorial concludes by this
question:
"Must the rights of twenty millions of freemen be longer
sacrificed to the false idea that propeity in human beings
is sacred?"
I offer this memorial, and ask that it be re-
ceived, and lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the table.
reports from; a committee.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of the Army Register, and
fifteen hundred copies of the Navy Register, for
the use of the Senate, asked to be discharged from
its present consideration; which was agreed to.
He also,from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the petition of cit-
izens of the city of Rock Island, Illinois, pray-
ing for the establishment of an armory at that
place, asked to be discharged from its present
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Michigan,
praying that the copy-light of works and pub-
lications compiled by M. F. Maury, late of the
United States Navy, while in tho service of the
Government, may be annulled, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
printing of extra numbers.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 62) relative
to printing extra numbers of messages, reports,
and documents, have instructed me to report it
without amendment, and recommend that it do
pass, and to ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that, after the close of the present session of Con-
gress, no extra numbers of any message, report,
or document whatever, shall be ordered to be
printed by either House of Congress, except by
joint resolution reported from the Joint Commit-
tee on Printing;* and that all motions in either
House of Congress to print extra numbers shall
be referred to that committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain the bill in a
very few words. It is the same bill that passed
the Senate at the last session, hut wasnotrcached
in the House of Representatives. Its object is to
prevent the publication of extra numbers of doc-
uments by either House alone, as there is often a
rivalry between the two Houses; but it requires
that every resolution for the publication of extra
numbers shall be a joint resolution passed by both
Houses of Congress. The object is to prevent
unnecessary expense.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethf. ridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 86) to punish cer-
tain crimes against the United States; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
