THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIYES, WASHINGTON, D. G:
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1861.
New Series No. 27.
CONTINUANCE OF BUSINESS TO NEXT SESSION.
Mr. POSTER. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion; and if there be no objection, I aslc for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That all subjects before the Senate at the close
of the present session, including those before committees,
shall he continued to the next session, and shall then be
proceeded with in the same manner as if no adjournment
of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been refejred to the committees, and may be in their pos-
session at the close of the session, shall be returned inform-
ally to the Secretary, and by him restored to the commit-
tees when appointed at the next session.
It is usual to pass a resolution of this sort, and
I presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if that is not
provided for already by a joint rule passed some
years since? I think it is.
Mr. FOSTER. It is not, as I believe. At all
events it has been usual, I think uniformly, to
pass at the close of the first session of each Con-
gress, by the Senate, a resolution of this descrip-
tion. It certainly can do no harm.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator is mistaken.
I do not know of any such resolution ever being
passed. I think there is a joint rule that controls
the whole of it. I wish that the Clerk would read
it from the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator call for the reading of the rule ?
Mr. HALE. Let the resolution lie over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over, objection being made. v
RESOLUTIONS OF MARYLAND. V
Mr. KENNEDY. I am requested to present
sundry resolutions of the General Assembly of
the State of Maryland. I ask that they may be
read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas Ross Wlnans, a member of the House of Dele-
gates ofMuryiand, from the city of Baltimore, on his way
to his home from the discharge of his official duties, on the
14th of May last, was aibitrarily and illegally airested, on
a public highway, in the presence of the Governor of this
Stare, by an armed lorce under the orders of the Federal
Government, and was forcibly imprisoned and held in cus-
tody thereafter, at Annapolis and Fort McHenry, without
color of lawtnl pioeess or light, by the command, and at
the ailutrary will and pleasure of the Piesident of the Uni-
ted States; and whereas sundry other citizens of Maryland
have been unlawfully dealt with, in the same despoticnand
oppiesMve manner by the same usuiped authority, and
tome of them have in fact been removed by force bejond
the limits ot the State of Maiyland, and the juiisdiction or
her tribunals, in utter violation of their rights as citizens,
and the rights of the State, as a member of the Federal
Union; and whereas the uncoiiftitutional and arbitrary
proceedings of the Federal Executive have not been con-
fined to the violation of the personal rights and liberties of
the citizen1? of Maiyland, but have been extended into
every depaitmcnt*ef oppressive illegality, so lhat the prop-
erty ol no man i-3 safe, the sanctity of no dwelling 13 re-
speeied, ami the sacredness of private correspondence no
longei exists; and whereas the Senate and Douse ot Dele-
gates of Maiyland, lceogmztng the obligation of the State,
as far as in her he*, to piotoctsind defend her people against
usurped and aibitiary powei—howe\ei difficult the tuliill-
inent of that high obligation may be rendeied by disastrous
circumstances—feel nduu to her dignity and independence,
that history should not reoor.' the oveiLhrow of public free-
dom foi an instant within her border*, without recoidiiu
likewise the indignant expression ot her reseutment and
remonstrance. Now, thoifsfore,
Be it resolved, That the Seriate and House of Delegates
of Mai}land, in the name and on the behalf of the good
people of the State, do accordingly legihter this their tam-
est and unqualified protect against the oppressive and
tyiamucal a^eitioii and exercise of military jurisdiction,
within the limits of Marjland, over the persons and prop-
erty of hei citiz^i.^, by the Government of the United States,
and do solemnly declare the same to be subversive of the
most sacred guarantees of the Constitution, and in flagrant
violation ot the fundamental and mosteiieushed principles
of American free government.
Resolved further, That the^e resolutions be communi-
cated by the Piesident of the Senate and the Speaker of the
Hou^c,"to Hon. James Alfred Tearce ami Hon. Anuiony
Kexvedy, Seiuitois of Maryland in the Senate ofthc United
State**, with the request that they piesent the same to the
Senate, to be recoided among its proceedings, m vindica-
tion of the light, and in perpetual memoiy of the solemn
remonstrance of this State against the manifold UhUipatttms
and oppiessions of the Federal Government.
13y the House of Delegates, June 20, 1661. Adopted by
yens and nays.
By order: MILTON S. KIDD, Chief Clerk.
By the Senate, June 22,1861. Adopted by yeas and nays.
By Ofjder : WM. IvlLGOUTt,
Secretary of the Senate,
27
Mr. KENNEDY. I move that the resolutions
be laid on the table, and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
done, if no objection be made.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that these res-
olutions be returned to the honorable Senator, to
be disposed of as he may see fit. [c< No I"] They
are an insult to this Government.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust the honorable Sen-
ator will not press a motion of that sort. This is
simply an expression of the feelings of the people
of Maryland againstwhat they consider a usurp-
ation of tbeirown individual rights. Itis couched
in respectful language. They stand here, simply
as other States do, protesting against a usurpa-
tion of what they regard to be their rights; and
I trust that the State of Maryland may not longer
be subjected to the degradation that is now at-
tempted by a majority in this country to be heaped
upon her. Maryland is loyal to the Constitution;
Maryland is loyal to this Government; but acts
have been committed in Maryland without the
warrant of law, and she only desires to have the
facts stated and recorded amongstour proceedings
here. I trust that no further indignity may be
heaped on the State of Maryland by refusing to
receive a protest that she sees proper, in her sov-
ereign power, to present for the consideration of
this body.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
resolutions being received and laid upon the table;
but I do object to their being printed; first, on the
ground that the language is not respectful. It is
not respectful to the President of the United
States; and, of course, it is not respectful to the
body. In the second place, I am against their
being printed—and this objection might lie against
their reception—for I do not undet stand that they
come from any body recognizcd by the Constitu-
tion or the laws of the State of Maryland; and,
in this respect, must stand on the same ground
with the resolutions of a convention. They are
not from the Legislature 
Mr. KENNEDY. I beg pardon; they pro-
ceed from the General Assembly, the Legislature
of the State, signe'd by the Speakers of the two
Houses.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that; but they
are not approved by the Governor; they are not
sanctioned by the Governor; they are not sent
here by the Governor, who, I take it, is a branch
of the Legislature. Then, they do not speak the
language of the Legislature. They arc not m the
usual form. I doubt if there is any precedent
here for the reception of resolutions in this way;
I certainly know of none. This objection might
go against the reception of the resolutions; but
my objection is to their being printed, because
the language is not respectful; and further, be-
cause I do not understand these resolutions to
emanate from the people of Maryland. How-
ever loyal the people may be, and however we
might be disposed to receive memorials from the
people couchcd in respectful language, when a res-
olution comes here'simply from the two branches
of the Legislature, signed by the Speaker of the
House of Delegates and the President ot the Sen-
ate, and not sanctioned by the Governor, another
rule applies; and if they are found not to be re-
spectful, they may very well, unless we are dis-
posed to extend the largest liberty, be rejected,
standing upon precisely the same ground 
Mr. KENNEDY. Will the Senator-suggest
in what they are not respectful? I am not aware.
Mr. MORRILL. Because they call the.Pres-
ident of the United States a usurper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does theChair
understand the Senator from Maine as objecting
to the reception of the resolutions?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. I do object to their
reception.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection to
the reception being made, the iirstquestion in order
will be, "Shall these resolutions be received?"
and that will take precedence of the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object to the reception
of this preamble and these resolutions, because
the language is not respectful to the Government
of the United States, not respectful to this Senate;
nor is it truthful. It is false; false in form, false
in fact; and is an outrageous violation of the truth
in every particular. It says:
" Whereas the unconstitutional and arbitrary proceedings
of the Federal Executive have not been confined to the
violation of the personal rights and liberties of the citizens
of Maryland, but have been extended into every department
of oppressive illegality, so that the property of no man la
safe"—
It is a falsehood upon its face, known to be so
by the very Senator who presented it here. I
believe that the property of the people m Balti-
more is safe, and that the rights of individuals
are safe; and the fact that Ross Winans, a traitor
and a rebel against this Government, has not been
permitted to carry on his treason in the city of
Baltimore, and manufacture guns and munitions
of war, does not militate against my statement,
"so that the property of no man is safe; the sanctity of
no dwelling is respected; and the sacredness of private
correspondence no longer exists."
Now, sir, I am opposed to receiving any such
paper as that.
Mr. KENNEDY. One word in reply to the
honorable Senator from Minnessta. I do not feel
disposed to vindicate the whole course of the Le-
gislature of Maryland. I have been requested, as
their agent in this body,to present a series of res-
olutions which do substantially set forth facts
lhat are beyond dispute. Property has been taken,
dwellings have been searched, without the author-
ity of law. Parties have been arrested against
whom no charges have been substantiated. In tl^e
case of the very gentleman who has been alluded,
to—Mr. Ross winans—after having been arrested
on his way home from the session of the Legis-
lature, he was detained for a week or ten days;
and no chorgc has ever been preferred against
him except that guns wore made in his shop by
the order of private individuals, he being a man-
ufacturer of them, without his knowing for what
purposes they were designed. That is the whole
extent of Mr. Ross Winans's treason that I am
aware of.
I do not mean to stand here to defend the Legis-
lature of Maryland, for I think it is competent to
speak for itself. I do feel bound, however, to
state that, so far as innocent persons have been
arrested in Maryland by the officers of the Fed-
eral Government, it has been a gross ususpation
of authority. In repeated instances persons have
been arrested against whom no charge could be
found to exist, and they had to be set free. It was
only the other day that the house of one of the most
conservative and thorough Union men in the State
of Maryland—Mr. James Riddel y—was searched,
and he a fiiend of the Admimstiation, a friend of
the Government. Upon his protest, the members
of the other House of Congress from the State of
Maryland made representations at the Depart-
ments, and an order was issued by General Scott
in the next day's paper following that protest,
that arrests of that sort should for the future be
suspended. There was a perfectly innocent man
—a man perfectly free from any taint of disunion**
ism or disloyalty, whose premises wore searched
on the representation of some malicious person, -
and the privacy of his home and dwellingnfvaded
without one particlc of authority in any shape or
form.
These resolutions merely set forth a state of
facts, and I trust that the loyal sentiment of Mary-
land may not be further trampled under foot by
treating them with indignity. Maryland is now
staggering under a course of action that is work-
ing many of her people up to a point of despera-
tion; and I give warning to Senators that those
of us in that State who have hetetofore stood be-
tween acts of this sort and the secession party of
Maryland, may find ourselves borne down in the
current of popular indignation, that before long
may rise up to assert the rights of that State. I
beg Senators to consider the position we arc in.
I think I have rights to demand upon this floor;
and I appeal now, in just regard to that loyal sen-
