420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
is, that if any petition that comes to you contains
a statement which, in your judgment, is not cor-
rect, from your general information and knowl-
edge, you are therefore to reject it, though it is
respectful to the body; you are to inquire, or on
your own opinion of the facts, you are to determ-
ine that these things are not true, and therefore
refuse to receive the petition. Now, suppose the
facts stated there are not correct; suppose the acts
complained of have not been done: by their send-
ing them here to us, we do not receive them as
truth. We receive all memorials or remonstrances
from a State, and print them 
Mr. HOWE. I wish simply to inform the Sen-
ator that he misapprehended my position. I do
notobject to the reception of this paper. I simply
object to publishing what the paper asserts.
Mr. BAYARD, I understand him. The hon-
orable Senator has not been quite as long in the
Senate as 1 have been; but the usage has been in-
variable in this body to print a communication
from the Legislature of a State, as of course. We
are therefore taking no special order on the sub-
ject. It is a mutter of course always to print it.
It is the respect duo, not to the particular com-
munication, but to the character which the Slates
hold in relation to the General Government, and
that has been the invaiiahle usage of this body
since I have been a member of it, now some ten
years; and I believe it was the usage long before.
Therefore the objection to printing, in my judg-
ment, will not hold.
The specifications of the honorable Senator were,
that these resolutions contain statements which
were not true in his judgment. Men may differ
about that. I confess that 1 do think there has
been great usurpation of power in the State of
Maryland on the part of the Executive. He may
have been misled by improper information, for
aught I know, from her own citizens. I cannot
say what has deluded him; but I consider that he
has greatly exceeded his powers; and I can well
understand that the Legislature of the State should
remonstrate against acts of that kind. Beyond all
question, there is no doubt that the right of search
has been asserted there. It is no matter how often
it has been done,for if it is done in one case, every
man's house equally is open to him. The right to
search for papers has been asserted there; nay,
more, the right to arrest and to put at defiance,
by military power, the wiit of habeas corpus, has
been asserted there by the Executive. No gen-
tleman can doubt tins. Have they not the right
to remonstrate against that act, as a violation of
the rights of the State ? Further, there can be no
doubt that the pohco commissioners of the city of
Baltimore, duly appointed by the Legislature of
Maryland, were removed from their municipal
functions. I speak not of the marshal nor his
arrest; but the commissioners of police were re-
moved without even the scintilla of a ground for
the act stated in the proclamation of the officer
who did it. At the time that he chose to arrest
the marshal, he also removed the police commis-
sioners. The marshal, he said, had been accused
of treasonable practices; but there was not a word
whispered against the others, though lie removed
them from the exercise of their functions. Has
not the State of Maryland a right to remonstrate
against the removal of the municipal officers that
exist under the laws of their own State for mu-
nicipal purposes? They may have overstated the
ease, if you please, in some respects in their
memorial; and it would not be unnatural if, feel-
ing that sacred rights had been invaded, the state-
ment should be a strong one; but no one pretends
tf> say that it is disrespectful to this body. It is
an asseition of w'hat they believe to be thoughts
of the State, as against executive usurpation.
I do not know what disposition the Senate will
make of this memorial; but 1 do think that it
would have been far wiser, on the part of those
who differ from the Legislature of Maryland as to
the acts which have been spoken of in the memo-
rial or remonstrance, to suffer it to be presented
and take the ordinary course of all communica-
tions from a State—of being laid on the table and
printed. That is the universal course of the Sen-
ate as to all communications coming from States.
I think now that a refusal to print the paper can-
not make the truth of these allegations, nor the
inferences of law from the allegations, one particle
less than they are. If they are false in fact, or
erroneous in the conclusions of law, it will recoil
with the public sentiment of the country on the
Legislature that presented them^ but if they be
true in their main facts, and be true in their con-
clusions of law, where stands the Senate of the
United States, when it refuses to print the memo-
rial of a State protesting against executive usurp-
ation of its rights?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very sorry to differ
with some of my friends on the point before the
Senate. I do not regard the game as worth the
candle. I think it would have been better, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Delaware, to print this
paper without a word. There is no dispute about
the fact that these are resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of Maryland, such as that
Legislature is. The right to scold, sir, is a right
that pertains to everybody, especially to Legis-
latures. They have a prescriptive right to scold
and grumble as much as they please. The mat-
ter strikes me as one that we ought to pass over
in the usual form. I remember that, during the
struggles we have had here since I have been in
the Senate, resolutions have been passed by many
of the northern Legislatures on certain subjects,
very strong in their language, and offensive in
their language to the majority on this floor, which
was a large majority, (though f thought they took
otfense without cause,) and I do not rememberan
instance in which the printing of the memorial
was refused. It was done as a matter of course.
Within my recollection, it never was objected to
at all; or, if it was, the objection was overruled
or waived. I think it is infinitely better to take
this course. What the Legislature of Maryland
say docs not commit us. The language is respect-
ful to us; there is no attack on the Senate. We
cannot object to it on that ground. It speaks, to
be sure, of the Government. They have a right
to speak of the Government in their own lan-
guage; and if that language is improper, the con-
sequences are upon them. It ivS addressed to us
respectfully so far as we arc concerned; and I see
no sort of objection. I think the wise thing and
sensible thing is just to let it be printed in the
usual way; and 1 shall vote for that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon ordering these resolutions to be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
.ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ingenrolled bills and jointresolution; which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to authorize a national loan, and
for other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 53) to prohibit the sale of spirit-
uous liquors and intoxicating diinks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 58) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States," approved July
20, 18G1;
A bill (S. No. 64) to reduce consular fees for
vessels running to, or between foreign ports; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) to pay to the widow
of the late Stephen A. Douglas the anjount due
him as Senator at the time of his death.
PAYMENT 03? TROOPS.
Mr. "WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. SS) pro-
viding for the monthly payment of troop;-,, to le-
port it back with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. KING. This recommendation is a recom-
mendation of a majority of the committee. My
own opinion is, that some measure to facilitate
the payment of the troops should be adopted by
the pay depaitment, if not by special act of Con-
gress requiring it of them. 1 behove that by the
law, as it exists, they may pay at shorter inter-
vals than by their rogulation:*they do pay. While
I was in favor of the passage of the bill, the ma-
jority of the committee being against me, I sug-
gested,and the committee authorized mc to report,
the following resolution:
Resolved, That it be recommended to the pay department
to pay the volunteeis accepted into the seivice of the Uni-
ted States monthly, whenever practicable; and that thid
resolution be communicated to the Seoetary of War.
I suppose, however, the first question is oto
agreeing to the report of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee report back the bill adversely. Under the
rule of the Senate, except by unanimous consent,
that report must He over one day before it can be
taken up for consideration. The resolution of
the Senator is therefore in order.
Mr. KING. Then I offer the resolution; which,
I believe, received the unanimous consent of the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BETROCESSION OP ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
G6) declaring the act to retrocede the county of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to the
State of Virginia, to be unconstitutional, and for
repealing the same, have had the bill under con-
sideration, and a majority of the committee in-
struct me to report it back to the Senate, with a
recommendation that it do pass. Knowing, how-
ever, that Congress is soon to adjourn, I only ask
that it may be printed, and laid upon the table, to
be taken up at the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be printed, asa matter of course, under the rules,
being reported by a committee, and will go upon
the Calendar.
COD-FISHERY BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the bill, reported yesterday, (S.
No. 65,) to authorize an increase in the corps of
engineers, and topographical engineers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, which will take but a moment, and I wish
the special attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. A few days ago I intro-
duced a bill for the purpose of repealing theboun-
ties on the tonnage of vessels engaged in the bank
and other cod fisheries; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The printed bill, which has been laid on my table
this morning, has this entry on it: " August 1, on
motion of Mr. Powell, committee discharged."
I was really not aware that the committee had
made any report on the subject; and I certainly
made no motion to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee instructed
me to report the bill back, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. It is a clerical
error. It was on my motion, by direction of the
committee,that they were discharged from itscon-
sideration. The motion was not made by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I ask then to have the Journal
corrected.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was on the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky that the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POWELL. That is true.
The PR.ES1 DENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary of the Senate that the
error is in the printing. There is no such error
in the Journal as indicated by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I ask now, if it is too late
for me to move to take up the bill for considera-
tion at some proper time? I do not wish to inter-
fere with the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I make that inquiry, if I can do it under
the rules?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a bill
under consideration, but the Senator can move to
postpone that and take up another bill.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to move
to lay aside the bill taken up on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, but merely to
inquire of the Chair, if at some subsequent time
it will be in order for me to move to take up this
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
answer that question when the time shall come,
and the Senator shall move to take it up. The
bill now before the Senate is Senate bill No. 65.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. COLLAM ER. I wish to call up the House
resolution for the adjournment of Congress. I
desire to have it passed upon directly, and that
