1861.
THE CONGrRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
423
office under a Government that he did not intend
to be loyal and true to.
I bear this testimony cheerfully and willingly
to this absent man, who has no chance to meet
his accusers, and perhaps has no knowledge now
that there is any chaige of disloyalty against him,
tor it was only yesterday, after it was made known
to me, that, from my desk here, I wrote to him
that there was such a charge,and I wrote to him
further, that the case would be continued till De-
cember next. I did that upon the belief that I
understood it to be the intention of the committee
not to report this bill until upon the eve of the
adjournment, we asked to be discharged from
the mass of unfinished business at the end of the
session. I did not even suppose the bill would be
reported with the recommendation of the commit-
tee to postpone it until December. My under-
standing was t|,iat the committee would ask to be
discharged from all these cases in the general
bundle at the close of the session.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It gives me the most un-
feigned pleasure to hear the noble tribute and tes-
timony w^iich the Senator from Kentucky bears
to this honorable judge. It may be, and I doubt
not he does firmly and conscientiously believe in
the loyalty of Judge Monroe. There cannot be a
shadow of a doubt about his belief, from the ear-
nestness and frankness of his manner; but other
highly rcspectablo gentlemen from that State think
the contrary; and if there should be 3 doubt about
the question, is it not dangerous, perilous to the
safety of this Union, that a judge presiding in this
district should have control of that court under
such Circumstances? I would not touch a hair of
his judicial ermine. Let this bill be passed; let
two districts be erected in that State; and I pledge
myself here now to use whatever influence I may
have (it is very little, Heaven knows,) with the
powers that be, to procure his appointment to a
judgeship in one of these districts, if it is made to
appear that he is true and loyal, without regard
to any political feeling which he may have. Sir,
I would not meddle with a judicial district on the
ground of politics. I would scorn to be found
guilty of any such work.
Now, with regard to Missouri, I am in favor,
from the testimony that was before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, of the change in that dis-
trict which was embraced in this bill. It is as-
serted there, that the courtis not safe in the hands
of that judge; that he is disloyal—so declared by
gentlemen of characterand respectability,openly
and in committee rooms, speaking directly to this
question. Shall we confide, even until the first
Monday in December next, the ermine of this
court to a man who is disloyal, and who will not
.give us the benefit of the execution of the laws of
the Union ? I have no feeling on this subject ex-
cept the feeling which every lover of his countiy
ought to have to stand forth and perform his
duty, let it be as delicate and as painful as it may.
If I know myself, and know my own heart, I am
actuated by no other feeling under heaven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to reply to a re-
mark which fell from the Senator from Kentucky,
which would imply a censure on the committee
for reporting the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I did not intend to imply any
censure. I merely stated what I'supposed to be
the action of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no understand-
ing in committee of the kind stated by the Sen-
ator, so far as I know. The direction of the
committee was to report the bill back, and recom-
mend its postponementuntil December; and I felt
bound by the direction of the committee. I should
have reported it yesterday, but it was not conve-
nient to do so. There was nothing said in my
presence about holding it up. I do not think it
was part of the understanding of the committee
to do that. There were some bills that were
passed over with that understanding.
Mr. POWELL. So far as this particular bill
is concerned, there was nothing of that kind said;
but I understood that the committee had a gen-
eral understanding—it was certainly talked of—
that, in all cases where they did not report favor-
ably, they would ask to be discharged at the close
of the session, unless a Senator who presented a
bill desired it to be reported back adversely. On
that general understanding I supposed this bill
would not be brought here. Nothing was said
about this bill particularly in that connection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not understand that
there was any understanding of that kind in ref-
erence to this bill. I merely supposed I was car-
rying out the instruction of the committee in re-
porting it and bringing it before the Senate.
Mr. BAKER. I shall oppose the postponement
of this bill, and shall vote for its passage; and I
desire to state very briefly my reasons.
It is a delicate matter to interfere with a judge;
but we are in times when a great many delicate
duties have to he very sternly performed. It is
a delicate duty to die, or to kill anybody else, but
it is a business we are doing a good deal of, and
are likely to do a good deal more of, 1 hope, within
the next ninety days. It' is no great trouble to
put a judge out of office who lias been in thirty
years, if he deserves to be put out; and it is a
mistake to appeal to the sympathy pf this body
or any other body on the ground that he has been
a good officer for a very long time. If there are
any reasons of State why he ought to be removed,
that is an end of the matter: for no man has a lion
on an office beyond the interest of the country.
That is the general rule.
Now, as to the particular case, I will not con-
trovert what the amiable zeal of my friend from
Kentucky urges liim to present as to what lie
believes of the loyalty of Judge Monroe; but he
states it with great qualifications. He says ho
never heard it doubted. I have; and I will give
two or three reasons which prompt me to believe
it. In the first place, not speaking of what has
passed in the other House, which I believe is
scarcely parliamentary 
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me.
I did not state that I had never heard it dotfbtcd.
I stated that I had never heard it doubted until
the suggestion was made in the committee room.
I never heard it before that time. While 1 am
up, I will state that my colleague in the House of
Representatives, Mr. Crittenden, whose devo-
tion and loyalty to the Union, I hope, are not
questioned here or elsewhere, has lived in the
same town with Judge Monroe for, perhaps,
twenty-five or thirty years, and he earnestly
opposed the passage of this bill in the other
House,
Mr. BAKER. The Senator from Kentucky
had better add two other things to thatstatement;
and first, as gentlemen's names are mentioned, to
add that Mr. Burmett, of Kentucky, also op-
posed the passage of this bill in the lower House;
and that all the other members from Kentucky,
all the Union men, are heartily for it, and some
of them urge me now to go for it, 011 the ground
that it would not only be a reflection on their con-
duct to defeat it here, but that it would, m many
respects, be dangerous to the welfare of Union
sentiments in the State of Kentucky. There is
answer against answer upon that subject.
Again: I am informed, upon what 1 believe to
bo very reliable authority, that Judge Monroe's
relations and connections are so soundly or un-
soundly secession,disunion, that itdoes more than
give color to the opinions entertained bysomany
gentlemen as to the judge himself. For instance:
is it his son or his son-in-law who is the leading
editor of the leading secession paper in Kentucky?
That, is another fact given to me. Again, I am au-
thorized to mention llnit it lias been the practice
of Judge Monroe, for thirty years, ortwenty, or
ten—a great while—in his usual charge to grand
juries, to present to them the law in relation to
the crime of treason, and always when it was not
wanted; but now, when it is wanted, he declines
to present that in his charge; and when a member
of the grand jury rises in his place, and turns his
attention to that class of subjects, lie entirely
omits that. Whether these are facts, I do not
know; because I was not there. I state that I
believe them to be facts, because I am told upon
authority as respectable—and none can be more
so—as the gentleman from Kentucky himself. I
have conversed with many leading people from
Kentucky, who are Union to the core; and I
believe they all, without exception, desire the
passage of this bill.
Mr. President, while I am up, I will say the
judge of the district court of the United States, in
any State, is the .most important public man in
it, save her Senators, Kentucky is in the most
important position of any State in this Union.
There is more depending upon her loyalty, so far
as southern peace is concerned, than upon any
other SlTate; and I am not willing that a judge
shall remain, by any act of mine, whose loyalty
in this crisis is seriously questioned. That this
man's loyalty is so questioned, I have no doubt.
Now for the injustice. First, as I have said,
no man has a preemption claim upon office in this
Government. Next, if there be injustice done
him in a great crisis, it can bo easily remedied.
With the Senator from New Jersey, I will cheer-
fully join in urging his reappointment to one of
these districts, if the facts bo otherwise than as
we believe. But, sir, I believe that he is disloyal.
1 know something of the family; I know its tone
and temper; I know the associations around him;
and I know the opinions of the people from that
State, who have the best opportunity of judging,
and I believe that Ido the best duty lean perform
to the country now by refusing to concur in the
postponement of this bill, and urging its imme-
diate passage.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am in favor
of postponing this bill until December. In com-
mittee I voted to report the bill, because I was
inclined to believe that Kentucky needed two ju-
dicial districts and tbatJVIissoun needed but one;
but the effect of this bill, if not its aim, is to dis-
place two judges by legislation. I will go as far
as any man to cripple the power of disloyal men;
I will not vote for the appointment of any man
that I suspect of disloyalty; and if either of the
judges whose places will be affected by the pas-
sage of this bill were before the Senate for appoint-
ment, I am inclined to think 1 should not vote for
his confirmation. On the other hand, I do not
think the evidence of their disloyalty is so very
clear, that we ought to take these extreme meas-
ures now to displace them.
Sir, I regard this as a somewhat dangerous
precedent. I fear its effect. Here we are, by
creating two districts in Kentucky, to legislate a
judge out of office; and by merging two districts
in Missouri into one district, we are to legislate
another judge out of office. Alay not this prece-
dent be used hereafter for pernicious purposes?
I am afraid so, sir. I desire that this bill may be
postponed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, this
bill proposes to make two districts of the Stato
of Kentucky, which is now one judicial district;
and to make one district of the Slate of Missouri,
which is now divided into two judicial districts.
It may be that they do not need two districts in
Missouri, although it is a much larger State, ter-
ritorially, than Kentucky, and larger in popula-
tion, and, perhaps, has more business, on account
of the size of the city of St. Louis, and its com-
merce. But one thing is certain, two districts are
not needed in Kentucky; one judge can discharge
all the business, and have ample leisure.
Then, this is a proposition to augment the pub-
lic expenditures and to give us additional judicial
officers, with all their attendants, simply to carry
out a purpose. My colleague is upon the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary, and I thought it proper
to leave to him the discussion of this question;
but as the gentleman who is likely to be affected
by this bill is my neighbor living in the con-
gressional district that I formerly represented; and
us I have known lum as a young man knows an
old man, for many years, 1 have thoughtit proper
to sayaword. First, in behalf of the country, of
the Treasury, and of the public interests, we do
not need two districts. The whole thing is an
office-seeking contrivance. In the next place, as
the Senator from New York, with a candor and
a justice that do him honor, says, it is a danger-
ous precedent, by this indirect mode, to under-
take to legislate a judge out of office. In the next
place, you cannot get a better judge. Heisaman
who never took part in the contests of parties. I
never heard of his doing so. He has been many
years a judge, and perhaps more laborious, more
attentive, and more faithful to his judicial duties
than any officer of that kind we ever had in Ken-
tucky. He is remarkable from one end of the
Commonwealth to the other for these qualities.
And why is he to be stricken down, sir? Upon
just such whispers and slanders as the Senator
from Oregon has thought it a fit thing to retail in
his place in the Senate. Where did he pick them
up? Since ever we had a Constitution and a Gov-
ernment, was the like seen, for a high judicial
officer to be thrust out of his place by an act of
legislation, on account of anonymous'seandals and
