1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to repeal their own law, and what its effect on the
status of the judge may be is not material. I think
myself that when the Representatives in the other
House from Kentucky and Missouri say that this
measure i  necessary, we should respond to them
here in the Senate. They say, " What shall we
do; treason is abroad through Kentucky; it asserts
itself everywhere: as from a judicial tribunal;"
and that is the tiling against which we have to
make war; and yet, Kentucky not being out of
the Union, the only chance we have to make war
is in the courts. How is a man to be tried for
treason in Kentucky? He cannotbe tried if what
is said is true;a.nd it is said by honorable gentle-
men,Union-loving men, who represent Kentucky
on the floor of the House of Representatives, that
in the Federal court in Kentucky a case of treason
cannotbe tried. I say itis of the first importance
here, if wc intend to maintain this Republic, that
we should have true and loyal judges, particularly
in this disputed country along the border of our
territory.
Mr. POLK. I believe the question before the
Senate is 011 postponing, and not upon the pas-
sage of the bill. After some of the remarks that
have been made by the Senator from California,
and also a rem^k or two made by the Senator
from New York, I propose to say a few words
on the question of postponing; and then, if the
Senate refuse to postpone the bill until the next
session of Congress, I shall desire to be heard on
the merits of the bill when it shall come before
the Senate for its consideration, and heard more
at length.
I understood the Senator from California to
gay that he had been applied to by the delegation
from Missouri in the other House 
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; not the delegation
from Missouri.
Mr. POLK. The Senator certainly put Mis-
souri in the same category with Kentucky.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I said I understood Ken-
tucky to be represented by loyal Representatives
in the other Hall of Congress; and that they have
passed the bill.
Mr. POLK. Then, sir, so far as that remark
of the Senator from California is concerned, I am
relieved of the necessity of commenting upon it.
Mr. President, I was more than gratified at the
very sound, constitutional, and noble sentiments
uttered by the Senator from New York, on the
question that is now before the Senate; and in
most of them I concur with him heartily. The
Senator, however, said one thing which I am sat-
isfied he would not say if he had the whole facts
before him; and that was, if these judges (and in
that lie included as well the judge from the eastern
district of Missouri as the judge from Kentucky)
were before him for confirmation, he should not
vote for their confirmation, though he will not
vote to get rid of them in the side bar, and, as I
think, unconstitutional mode in which it is now
proposed to get rid of them. I believe, if that
Senator had the case of the judge from Missouri
before him—I speak particularly of him because
I know him, and have known him for a quarter
of a century—knowing the man, knowing his
ability, knowing his judicial integrity and his ju-
dicial learning, knowing the industry and zeal with
which he has discharged the duties of his office,
he would not vote against him, although he might
not agree with him in political sentiment.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask him whether he
can state what Judge Treat's opinion isuponthis
question; whether a citizen owes his highest alle-
giance to his State or to the General Government?
Mr. POLK. 1 do not know. I have not con-
versed with Judge Treat on that subject. I have
not had ten minutes'conversation with him since
the ad journment of the Senate last April; and that
convei sation was not on such subjects at all, and
involved no questions of that kind.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to say  ne word with reference to that matter?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not wish to be un-
derstood as making any reflection upon the charac-
ter of J udge Monroe or Judge Treat. I regard them
as excellent and lughtoned gentlemen; but I do
question whether they are true, loyal men in these
times. , Whether they believe with me or not is
the question. I think, from my information, that
Judge Monroe certainly does not think as I do
with regard to the great movement of the times,
and ought not, for that reason, to hold his .position.
Mr. POLK. I am not speaking with reference
to Judge Monroe. I leave his case to the charge
of the Senators from that State, who know him
personally, and have known him long and well,
and who speak with entire frankness and entire
confidence with regard to him. I was speaking
in reference to the other judge, whom I do know;
whom I know to be a man every way well qual-
ified for the duties of his place; a man who, in all
times of excitement, has the moral as well as the
physical courage to administer the law as he con-
scientiously believes it to be. I have not the
slightest hesitation in believing, as I have already
said, that if he were before the Senate for confirm-
ation, the Senator from New York, when he
knew the facts and knew the man and his char-
acter, would not hesitate to vote for his confirma-
tion.
Mr. President, as I have already stated, if we
are to have action upon this bill, I lfiean to be
more fully heard upon it; but now, I wish only
to say one word on another point, and that is, as
to the necessity for two judicial districts in the
State of Missouri.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
whether that district is not the one that has the
whole lndianjurisdiction?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; the western district
has all the Indian jurisdiction. The eastern dis-
trict, I will state, is the district that has admiralty
jurisdiction, particularly; and I wish to observe
that since the decision of the Supreme Coifft of
the United States in the Genesee Chief case giv-
ing admiralty jurisdiction to the United States
courts over waters not tide-water, the jurisdiction
in those courts has lately increased on the west-
ern lakes and rivers. 1 suppose the admiralty
jurisdiction is greater in the city of St. Louis
than it is at any other point west of the mount-
ains, unless it is New Orleans. The steamboat
interest is heavier there than it is at any other
point on the Mississippi river; and I think 1 shall
not be going too far when I say that it is equal
to the steamboat interest at all the other points
on the western waters north of New Orleans.
One class of boats there is engaged in the New
Orleans trade. There is another class of boats
engaged in the Ohio river trade; another class
engaged in the Kentucky and Tennessee rivers
trade; that is, principally the Cumberland river
trade. Then there are the boats engaged in the
Arkansas trade; the boats engaged in the Upper
Mississippi trade; and the boats m the lower river
trade, all of different classes and grades, and all
of which concentrate at St. Louis. The conse-
quence is, as any Senator will see, that the boat-
ing interest there is much heavier than at any
other point. I believe the boating interest of St.
Louis is greater than that of any other point west
of the mountains, not even excepting New Or-
leans; and consequently the admiralty jurisdic-
tion is very heavy and extensive. I had a list,
and I believe I have it yet in my room, which
shows the extent of this admiralty jurisdiction,
but, as the Senatorfroin Kentucky, who first
spoke on the subject, well said^Idid not suppose
this question would be raised before the Senate
during this session, and I have not these figures
before me.
I say, therefore, and T say it after an experience
of many years, not merely as a citizen, but as a ;
practicing lawyer in the State of Missouri, that 1
this court is necessaiy. And I wish to observe
to the Senate that, so far as I know, not a peti-
tion or request was ever presented by a single
citizen of the State of Missouri to the House of
Representatives, as the groundwork 011 which this
action of the House was predicated in reference
to the eastern district of Missouri. Not a single
petition of a citizen, so far as 1 have heard, was
ever presented there 011 this subject; but since the
bill has come to the Senate, at least two memo-
rials were presented through me against it in this
body. One of those memorials comes from the
board of underwriters, which board represents to
a large extent the interests that are involved in
the boating and shipping mteiests of St. Louis;
and the other one comes from prominent citizens
and merchants in the city of St. Louis; and they
all protest, not only against the repeal of this act,
but thejTstate the fact that the business and the "
interests of the eastei'ndistrictofMissoori require
that this court shall be continued there.
Let me state another thing. At the time this
court was instituted in Missouri, it was upon me-
morials, petitions, and recommendations from the
State of Missouri, presented to the House of Rep-
resentatives, where the bill originated. That bill,
if I recollect aright, was reported by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, (Hon.
Lewis D.Campbell, of Ohio,) who was a Repub-
lican, and a majority of the committee were Re-
publicans, and it was passed by a Republican
House of Representatives. It came to the Sen-
ate and was passed here. After the passage of
the act, 1 believe on the unanimous recommend-
ation of the delegation from Missouri in both
Houses, the present incumbent was recommended
for the office, and received the appointment, and
was confirmed, I believe, unanimously; or, if not
unanimously, with not more than one or two dis-
sentient voices. Let me add, that at the time he
was nominated and confirmed for this office, he
was the incumbent of another judicial office whose
salary was exactly the same as the salary of the
office he now holds under the United States.
As I said, Mr. President, I do not wish to de-
tain the Senate, or occupy its time, and I shall say
no more 011 this question now; but if the bill shall
not be postponed according to the recommendation
of the committee, I wish to be heard again when
we shall come to the consideration of it before the
Senate. But, it seems to me, in the first place, it
would be rather extraordinary, if this Senate,
againstthe recommendation of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, especially at this stage of its proceedings,
should put upon that committee—I was going to
say, the slight; I do not believe I ought to say
that—but should do towards that committee what
is certainly not often done in this body, unless
for most controlling reasons, overrule the action
of that committee after it has had the subject bo- t
fore it, and after it has deliberated carefully upon
it and come to a decision. I hope, therefore, that
we shall take the recommendation of the com-
mittee, and especially now when it is hoped and
believed that this session is to draw to a close very
soon.
Since reference has been made to the action of
the House on this bill, I really believe, if I am
not misinformed, and I do not think I am, that
so far as the eastern district of Missouri is con-
cerned, it never was the subject of an investiga-
tion by a committee of the House of Represent-
atives at all. It was added as an amendment to
the bill, and was passed through under the pre-
vious question without examination at all. The
only protest that was made against it, as I now
recollect, was by a member from Kentucky, form-
erly a member of this body, to which reference
has been made by both Senators from Kentucky,
and also by one of my colleagues 111 the other
House, who, though not thoroughly acquainted
with all the facts belonging to the eastern district,
inasmuch as he lives in the far western region of
the western district of Missouri, still raised his
voice in protest against it. However, it was passed
through, I believe, under the previous question,
so that it could not be canvassed there; and if he
had been disposed to canvass it, he had not the
facts before him to enable liim to do it, as he
would otherwise have done. There were no pe-
titions and remonstrances, and no case made in
favor of the abolition of this eastern district of
Missouri.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have very
great repugnance to this mode of legislating out
of office; as I believe, with some of the fathers
of the Republic who hailed from quarters where
heretical notions now prevail, that it is only to
be resorted to in extreme cases. But it may be
done; and perhaps it is the only method of final
appeal given in certain cases which may arise. I
should "like very much to know what the opin-
ions of those judges are on the question I have
put to the honorable Senator from Missouri.
Mr. POLK. As I do not wish to detain the
Senate on this subject, I should like, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, inasmuch as he put a question
to me, to put a question to htm right there.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. It is this: whether the Senator
stands prepared to legislate a judge outjgif office
because the Senator does not know whathia opin-
