1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL TxLOBE.
.427
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 25) to confiscate
property used for insurrectionary purposes; which
was to strike out the fourth section of the bill,
and insert the following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 4. Jbid be U further enacted, That whenever here-
after, during the present insuircction against the Govern-
ment ot the United States, any person claimed to be held
to labor or service under the law of any State, shall be re-
quired or permitted by the peison to whom such labor or
service is claimed to be due, or by the lawful agent of such
person, to take up arms against the United States, or shall
be required or permitted by the person to whom such
labor or service is claimed to be due, or Ilia lawful agent,
to work or to be employed in or upon any fort, navv-yard,
dock, armory, ship, intrenelnnent, or in any military or
naval servicc whatsoever, against the Government and law-
ful authority of the United States ; then, and in every such
case, the person to whom such labor or service is claimed
to be due shall forfeit his claim to such labor, any law of
the State, orof the United States, to the contraiy notwith-
standing. And whenever thereafter the person claiming
such labor or service shall seek to enforce Ins claim, it
shall be a full and sufficient answer to such claim, that the
person whose service or labor is claimed had been em-
ployed in hostile service against the Government of the
United States, contrary to the provisions of this act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendment. It limits the
bill which we passed, and confines it, in this re-
spect, to persons actually employed in military
service. I think the section as we passed it meant
substantially the same thing, but this makes it
more definite.
Mr. POWELL. I call for a division. I know
there is not a quorum here. If there is any rou-
tine business to be done, I shall do nothing to
indicate that a quorum is not present; for I do not
wish to prevent business going on. I prefer that
the bill should lie over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware whether
theie is a quorum in the Chamber or not; but if
the Senator desires that this matter shall lie over
until Monday, I have no wish to press it now.
Mr. POWELL. I do not want to debate it.
I shall simply call for the yeas and nays, that I
may record my vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can go over until Mon-
day if the Senator wishes.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The subject
will lie on the table for the present.
FORTIFICATIONS AND ARMY REGULATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 63) making appro-
priations for fortifications,and for otherpurposes:
which were, in line two of section three, after the
word "punishment," to insert "in the Army,"
in line seven, section four, after the word " same,"
to insert "the sum of;" and in line eight,section
four, after the word "dollars," to insert "be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated."
Mr. WILSON. These are mere verbal amend-
ments.
The amendments were concurred in.
BOUNTIES ON COD FISHERIES.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Committee on
Commerce wcrcdischarged from the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 57) proposing to repeal all laws
allowing bounties on the tonnage of vessels en-
gaged in the bank or other cod fisheries.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsidcr will be entered. The business on
the table is disposed of.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 3, 1861. .
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DAY OF FASTING AND PRAYER.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution No. 15. I trust no person will
object. 1 find thatasimilar resolution was passed
in 1814, when the country was enduring the ca-
lamities of war, and I hope that gentlemen will
not be disposed to depart from this pious precedent
of Congress in the earlier days of the Republic.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope the gentleman will not
object to the passage of this resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the resolution will not
lead to any discussion, I will not object; but I do
not want the time of the House consumed in
discussing a resolution.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Resolution (S. No. 15) requesting the President
of the United States to recommend a day of public
humiliation, fasting, and prayer.
The resolution was read. It requests the Pres-
ident to recommend a day of public humiliation,
prayer, and fasting, to be observed by the people
of theUnitedStateswith religious solemnities,and
the offering of fervent supplication to Almighty
God for the safety and welfare of the United States,
for his blessing on their armies, and a speedy
restoration of peace.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to amend by
adding "and the reading of the fifty-eighth chap-
ter of Isaiah."
Mr. PENDLETON. I want to have that
amendment read now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Add also " the ser-
mon on the mount."
Mr. ALLEN. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to its
introduction? -
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I object to every-
thing but the regular order. ,
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT PARAMARIBO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Uni-
ted States consul at Paramaribo, Brazil, relating
to a medal received from the King of Holland;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to promote the
efficiency of the engineer and topographical engi-
neer corps.
The bill was read. It authorizes the President
to add to each of the corps of engineers and topo-
graphical engineers, by regular promotion of its
present officers, two lieutenant colonels and four
majors, provided all vacancies created by such
promotion shall be filled by graduates of the Mil-
itary Academy, recommended for such promotion
by the academic board of that institution; and
provided further, that said corps shall be hereafter
known a the first and second corps of engineers.
It also directs that there shall be added to the corps
of topographical engineers one company of sol-
diers, to be commanded by appropriate officers of
such corps, to have the same pay,&c., and to be
subject to the same rules and articles of war, and
to be governed in every particular in the same
manner as the existing corps of topographical
engineers.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I would simply
say, in reference to this matter, that the House
has already passed a bill comprising a measure of
this kind, increasing the staff of the engineer
corps. That provision was stricken out by the
Senate. The committee has instructed m'e to re-
port it as a separate measure, to stand on its own
merits. The commanding general of the depart-
ment has written letters to the committees of both
Houses, urging the great necessity of increasing
the engineer corps. I trust that, with this ex-
planation, the bill will be put upon its passage. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF THANKS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the thanks of tlie House of-Representa-
tives in Congress assembled be given to the officers and
men who fought the battle at Bull's Run—destroying ttvo of
the country's enemies for every one lost of its defenders,
outnumbered though the latter were by opponents covered
by earth works, and parapets crowned with batteries.
Resohed; That the condolence of this body be tendered .
to the families and friends of the brave men who l'eli oil that
occasion in defense of the Constitution and the Union.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby requested
to cause engrossed copies of these resolutions to be con-
veyed to officers in command of the regiments participating
in the said battle, with instructions for the same to be read
by thein to their troops.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I understand that
subject has not been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. 1 am in favor of the second res-
olution; and, standing by itself, I have no doubt
it would receive the unanimous consent of the
House. But I am opposed to the first resolution,
and I will -not give my consent to its introduction.
I therefore raise the question that the subject has
not been referred to the committee, and that they *
have not, therefore", the right to report the reso- /
lutions to the House. /
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 44) to promote the efficiency
of the volunteer forces of the United States, with
an amendment.
The bill was read, as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to discharge from the service of the
United States any commissioned officer or officers of the
volunteers who has been or shall be accepted ifl or ap-
pointed to that seivice, for incapacity or inefficiency, for
misconduct or neglect of official duty.
The committee reported an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and to
insert, as follows:
That the Piesident be, and he is hcieby, authoiized to
discharge fiom the service of the United States, ior inca-
pacity, inefficiency, misconduct, or neglect of official duty,
any commissioned officer of the volunteer or regular ser-
vicc, with or without instituting a commission of inquiry
or couit-maitial.
Mr. OLIN. I have simply one word to say in
explanation of the bill and amendment offered by
the Committee on Military Affairs of the House.
It will be seen that the bill, as it passed the Sen-
ate, would authorize the President to dismiss
from the service any officer of the volunteer forces
who shall be found cither unfit to command, or
from neglect of duty, or inefficiency, withoutgo-
ing through the usual form of court-martial. Tho
Committee on Military Affairs have thought that
if such a bill were proper to be passed at all, no
distinction should be made between the officers
of the regular and volunteer forces. Perhaps it
is well enough to invest the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army with power such as is bestowed by
that bill, for the time being. As a general prin-
ciple, unquestionably it would be vesting in the
Connnander-in-Cliiefa very arbitrary power; but,
sir, in thcpresentexigency,Iam willing to intrust
that officer with the exorcise of that power. If
that is to be done, it may be as well applied to
the regular Army as to the volunteer forces. I
now call the previous question on the adoption of
the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the attention
of the gentleman to the authority proposed to be
conferred by this bill on the President of the United
States to discharge from the service volunteer offi-
cers who are appointed in part by the States and
commissioned by the States. It seems to me an
extraordinary power to conferupon the President,
to dismiss officers that, under the Constitution and
laws, are to be appointed and commissioned by
the State authorities.
Mr.'LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
No debate is in order after the previous question
has been called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware
that the previous question had been called.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I certainly did not
hear the gentleman call the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I did.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is the first
I have heard of it. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand for a moment.
Mr. OLIN. I did make the demand, but I am
entirely willing to withdraw it to enable the gen-
