428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
tleraan to make a suggestion or an inquiry. I
do not wish, however, to open the bill for an
extended debate.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. 'I move, then, to
amend the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs by striking out the
words, "volunteers or," so that it shall apply
only to the regular service. And I desire again
to suggest to the gentleman from New York and
to the House, the dangerous and extraordinary
power conferred by this bill on the President of
v the United States—a power to remove any officer
in the military service of the United States, reg-
ular or volunteer service, without inquiry, with-
out court-martial; a power such as has never
within my knowledge been conferred upon any
officer since the beginning of the Government. I
hope the House will not enact this bill into a law,
and certainly not after the constitutional objection
which I have presented, and to which no answer
can be made.
Mr. OLIN. As I observed, the Senate sent this
bill here, proposing to vest the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army with authority to dismiss from
the service any volunteer officer who proved him-
self entirely unfit or incompetent, or who by dis-
obedience had shown himself disqualified to com-
mand. Unquestionably, the history of reccnt
transactions shows that this powercould be wisely
invested somewhere. There is no possible ques-
tion that this power may be exercised through
the instrumentality of courts of inquiry and courts-
martial over every volunteer officer of the Army.
The only question is whether, in this exigency
of affairs, in a case gross in its nature and palpa-
ble, that formality shall be pursued, or whether
the President may be invested with the power to
dismiss such an officer at once? I have no doubt
that it would be proper to exercise the power in
cases which may arise, and I have as little doubt
that this bill, if—as in the judgment of the Sen-
ate it ought—it should be made applicable to the
officers of volunteer forces, may with the same
propriety be made applicable to the officers of the
regular Army. Above all, I would not make the
invidious distinction that would seem to be made
by the Senate bill without amendment. I now
again call the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to make one or
two suggestions to the House in reference to this
bill.
Mr. OLIN. I would like to accommodate the
gentleman, but I do not propose to open the de-
bate upon this bill to any extent.
Mr, LOGAN, I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
I do not propose to debate this bill at any length.
I know there is no disposition on the part of the
House to hear any extended remarks. I do not
pretend to any knowledge in reference to military
matters above anybody else, but I should like to
make a suggestion or lwo 111 relation to the bill.
Mr. OLIN. I am pressed on all sides not to
open this bill to debate. J would like to accom-
modate the gentleman, but I must decline to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded—only
thirty-throe gentlemen "voting therefor.
Mr. BURNETT. This amendment seems to
1>e a most extraordinary one, if the gentleman
from New York is not determined to disregard
the provisions ofthc Constitution altogether. He
provides in this bill lhat the President of the Uni-
ted States shall be the sole judge in respect to the
disqualification, or misconduct, or inefficiency of
an officer who has been appointed and commis-
sioned bv the authorities of one of the States of this
Union, in accordance with the Constitution and
laws of the United States; and this power is to be
conferred upon him to be used upon his own dis-
cretion, without inquiry, without court-martial.
MTSSSAGI2 FROM THE SENATE. -
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed hills of this House of
the following titles, with amendments, in which
be was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (No. 96) making further appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th June,
and for other purposes; and
A biii {No. 99) making an appropriation to pay
the expense# of investigating committees of the
House of Representatives, appointed during the
first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, an&
of the commission authorized to report as to the
compensation of officers of the Government.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (No.
62) relative to printing extra numbers of mes-
sages, reports, and documents, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference, on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 54) to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay the interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
A bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize a national loan and
for other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 53) to prohibit the sale of spir-
ituous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the
Distiict of Columbia, in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 58) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States,'* approved
July 29, 1861;
A bill (S. No. G4) to reduce consular fees for
vessels running to or between foreign ports; aijtl
A resolution 's. No. 5) to pay the widow of tlie
late Stephen A. Douglas the amount due him/as
a Senator at the time of his death. *
uo nmi|u
, V
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS—AGAIN
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker,! say that by
this bill, the President is made the sole judge of
thd fitness and capacity of an officer appointed
under a direct and express clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States. The right reserved
by the States to appoint all of their officers, in a
constitutional provision, is thus to be taken from
the States, and the President is to have the sole
power to determine the fitness of those officers.
This is in keeping with the legislation of Con-
gress,and I do not know that 1 oughtto complain
of it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will ask a question.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Have not courts-
martial the right to remove volunteer officeis ?
Mr. KUUN ETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Courts-martial un-
der the authority of the General Government or
of the States?
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That ie exactly
this case.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir. By this bill, in
language as expiess as may be, you confer upon
the Piesident the sole power to judge of the fit-
ness and capacity of men appointed as oificeis,
understate aulhouty, with or without institut-
ing a court of inquiry or court-maitial. When,
Mr. Speaker,was this thing ever before done in
the history of this country ? If it ever was, let
us know of it. The gentlemen of the Commit-
tee on Military Alfjirs who propose this most
extraordinary procedure, this complete change
in this regard of our military system, ought to
mfonrrthis House when before there was any le-
gislation of this character? The Constitution of
the United States is rather obsolete at the present
time; but, 1 tiust that I may pardoned for refer-
ring to that sacrcd instrument—it is sacred, at
least in my estimation. 1 will direct the atten-
tion of gentlemen to that clause which provides—.
u Foi organizing, anmng, and dtsrjpljping ihe militia,
and lor 'loveinniy -ue'i pairs of them as may be employed
in the service oi the United States, receiving to the States,
i e^peoti vcly. the appointment of the officers and the author-
ity of naming the nnhtia. aecoiduig to the discipline pre-
scribed hy Congress.>}
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. According to the
discipline presented by Congress. In that lan-
guage there is an express grant of power. We
have the right to provide for the discipline of
these voluntecis; and a portion of that discipline
is the power to break officers when they are proved
to be incompetent.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman and myself
will differ in regard to the word " discipline,5' used
in this clause of the Constitution. For instance:
the State of Missouri may nominate the distir>-
guished chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Blair, of Missouri] as a colonel of
a regiment from thatState, and under this bill the
President may, within two hours, declare the
honorable gentleman unfit for the position, and .
remove him. Is that a portion of the discipline
you propose to confer upon the President? Even
taking the gentleman's construction of the bill,
this, in my judgment, is unwise legislation.
Now, sir, I confess my profound astonishment
that gentlemen on the other side should still fur-
ther desire to confer upon the President of the
United States such extraordinary powers as these,
when, in my judgment, there can be no possible
reason or excuse for it. If a man be incompetent
and unfit for position as an officer, you can try
him under the regulations prescribed for the
Army; you can arraign him before a court-mar-
tial, and get rid of him in that way, without cloth-
ing the President with such extraordinary power.
It does seem to me, that we ought to- pause and
consider before we give the Executive such un-
limited control over the volunteer officers of the
several States. I, for one, will not, under any
circumstances, depart from the law and usages
which have governed the armies, not only of our
country, but of the civilized world. If we confer
upon the President this extraordinary power,
then, upon his mere whim and caprice, he may
remove whomsoever he may declare to be unfit or
unqualified for military position. Such being the
case, I must be permitted to say that I cannot vote
for a measure that contemplates such legislation;
on the contrary, I trust sincercly that it will be
defeated.
Mr. OLIN. One word in reply to what has
just been said. My friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] and I presume that I may call him
such, has resorted to his favorite statement, that
this measure is in violation of the Constitution,
and merely because that instrument provides that
the States may commission its own officers. To
invest the Commander-in-Chief of the Army with
power to dismiss from the volunteer service men
found incompetent, or who are disobedient and
insubordinate, he alleges would be a violation of
the Constitution. In other words, he avers that
the power to commission is of necessity a power
to continue in service an officer who maybe ready
to disobey the orders of his superior and to sur-
render his command to the first enemy which may
approach to him.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to put a question to him?
Mr. OLIN.. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot put
me m that position. I have said that if tho State
Government appoints an incompetent and ineffi-
cient man, under existing law he may be court-
martialed and removed. When that is the case,
will gentlemen tell me why it is necessary to pass
a bill which confers upon the President the power,
without inquiry and upon his individual judg-
ment, to remove the commissioned officers of the
volunteer corps?
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was endeavoring,
in the first place, to answer the constitutional ob-
jectionof the gentleman from Kentucky. He now
abandons his legal objection and puts to me a
question of mere policy.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir.
Mr. OLIN. Is it not perfectly manifest, if a
court of inquiry could cashier an officer and dis-
miss him, that Congress may, by law, invostany
one man with the full poweisof a court of in-
quiry, as the constitution and regulation of all
courts of inquiry and courts-martial arc subject
to the powers of Congress? Is there any consti-
tutional limitation upon the power of Congress^
to modify or abolish courts-martial or courts of
inquiry, and invest their powers in a single per-
son? On the contrary, I affirm it is within the
full power of Congress to regulate, abolish, or
establish any judicature in place of a court of
inquiry. !So much as to the question of power.
Now as to the question why we have reported
this measuie, investing the President with this
extiaordinary power. The bill did not originate
with the Committee on Military Affairs of this
House. It originated in the Senate. The reason
for it, as I understand, is, Mr. Speaker, that it
