1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42&
was wise and politic, in the present exigency of
publieaflairH, iluit a li-ibunal should be constituted
which would act with decision and promptitude,
and that all necessary and proper vigor should
not depend upon the slow machinery of courts-
martial or courts of inquiry. I admit that this
bill does invest the President, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, with extraordinary power.
Rut, sir, these are extraordinary times, and de-
mand vigor, promptitude, and a fearless exercise
of all powers necessary to the preservation of the
Union.
One word to ray friend from Kentucky; and 1
say it with the kindest feelings toward him. I
do not listen very complacently to these eternal
harangues fiom him upon the subject of violations
of the Constitution, coming as they do from a gen-
tleman who cannot, from his boldness and frank-
ness of character, fail to exhibit on every occasion
liis warm sympathy with men who are banded
together in arms for the overthrow of the Consti-
tution and the Union. I, for one, could listen
with more complacency to denunciations of this
kind from some other source. If these charges
were true—as they are false, in my judgment—I
2>refer to hear them from some one desirous of
picserving the Constitution and the Union, rather
than one seeking or desiring their subversion. 1
1 think we have already consumed too much of
the time of this House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from New York to the
provision of the Constitution under which courts-
martial are ordained and the rules and regula-
tions of the Army prescribed. Congress shall
have power to make rules for the government of
the land and naval forces. That provision has
long since been made.
Mr. OLIN. We have discussed this matter
enough, and as there are other matters to be
brought up to-day, I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. After the gentleman's per-
sonal allusion to me, I trust he will let me say a
word.
Mr. OLIN. I will yield if it does not involve
a lengthy discussion.
Mr. BURNETT. I have been struck with one
very remaikable thing during the present session
of Congress. When I make what I regard as a
plain statement of facts, and present the reasons
which impel me to a particular line of conduct,
gentlemen, instead of meeting me with arguments,
make a personal allusion to my want of loyalty.
Now, sir, while it may be strictly parliamentary,
yet 1 must confess I cannot appreciate that mode
of argument; and I tell the gentleman from New
York, and all other gentlemen who see proper to
indulge in that species of refeience to myself,
that fearlessly, yea, sir, and boldly, I will dis-
charge what 1 consider to be my duty here, with-
out consulting any member upon this floor.
And, sir, upon the question of loyalty to this
Government, my recoid and youis, humble as
both of tliern are, have been made up in this House,
I believe, in a few Congresses, and my record will
bear comparison with that of the gentleman trom
NewYoik; and when impartial posterity shall
come to determine the question as to whether the
gentleman from New Yoik or myself is most re-
sponsible foi the piu.vnt unfortunate condition of
our country, that posterity will decide that the
gentleman from New York has done and contrib-
uted more to bring about the present state of things,
T think, than the man who is now addressing the
House. Sir, my course here, in the short service
I have had as a public man, is known. I have
been identified with that party upon this floor
which has struggled to prevent the state of things
which now exists; and it' the warning voice of the
men who have acted with me could have reached
the hearts and consciences of such gentlemen as
the gentleman from New \ork, this country
would have been united in one family of States;
and instead of war with all its horrors, peace
would now have been within its limits.
So far as sympathy with the southern States is
concerned, let me tell the gentleman this—and I
want to end that matter here: that so long as I
recognize my obligation to this Federal Govern-
ment—and 1 have taken an oath to support its
Constitution—go long will I beloyaltoit. If gen-
tlemen want to know whether I do not sympa-
thize with those who arc born in the same section
with myself, who have the same blood running
in their veins, who have institutions homogeneous
with those of my State, and who are to-day en-
gaged in a war which, in my judgment, has been
forced upon them, and who to-moriow would
make peace if they had an oppoitunit^, I say to
gentlemen that I have such sympathy with them,
and you can make the most of it.
Mr. OLIN. 1 have simply this to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Kentucky. I do not intend
to say anything to offend him personally; but in
respect to his action and mine, though a humble
member here, 1 shall be entirely content to wait
the verdict of history as to who is responsible for
the present condition of our country. The gen-
tleman has repeated the favorite assertion of his,
that land those acting with me, or, in other words,
the -Republican party, have brought upon this
country this condition of things; and on that I am
content to wait- the verdict of history. But when
the gentleman undertakes to defend himselfagainst
the charge of disloyalty to this Union in this
House, he had better withdraw from the record
the assertion made here during the present session,
that he held himself bound by the action of his
own State, rather than by the Constitution and
the laws made in pursuance of it.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me put the gentleman
right. So far as the Federal Government is con-
cerned, it is a Government of limited powers,
acting under a written Constitution. Within the
powers conferred by the Constitution, it is sov-
ereign, and to that extent and no further. So long
as the Government keeps itselfwithin thegranteH
powers, I owe it allegiance. I have said that every
single power of that Constitution has been vio-
lated; that it is suspended, nobody paying any
attention to it; that it has been trampled under
foot by a fanatical majority. Thatbeingthecase,
I said I have to look to my own State to determ-
ine my action; and I recognize my allegiance to
her as paramount to the Constitution of theUnited
States, that having been subveited.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman avoids entirely the
issue. Unless I misunderstood the gentleman,
and unless all those with whom I have conversed
in this House misunderstood him, in disregard of
the plain constitutional obligation, lie saidhestood
ready here, in this House, at any time when a
pretended or accidental majority of his own State
chose to set the Constitution and the laws at defi-
ance—he was ready and wiling to join them in a
crusade against the Constitution and the Union.
Now, it is not worth while to talk about what has
been done in violation of the Constitution.
Mr. BURNETT. I said 
Mr. BABBITT. I object to these interruptions.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman should set
me right.
Mr. OLIN. I decline to yield at present.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not object to this line
of debate if I am permitted to enter into the dis-
cussion in opposition.
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman has the right
to object.
Mr. BURNETT. Then the Speaker should
defend me against these personal attacks.
Mr. ALLEN. I object to gentlemen takingup
the time of the House in dismissing w'lio is the
most loyal to the Government. I raise the point
of order that the discussion is irrelevant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
Mr. OLIN. Well, sir, I will not detain the
House any longer. I again call the previous
question upon the adoption of the amendment.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. IiOLMAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I appeal to the gentle-
man from New York to yield to me, as I desire to
say a few words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield,
as the previous question has been seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 17, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS— Mwri. Alley, Ashley, Francis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buflinton, Fiederick A. Cockling. Mitch-
ell, Justin S. Mori lit, Ohll. Riehaids-Oll, Sherman, Sloan,
Tiain, Upton, Charles W. Walton, ami Albei t ri. White—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch. Allen, Ancoita, Babbitt,Joseph
Baity, Baker, Baxter. Beaman, Baidle, George ii. Browne,
Burnett, Calvert, Campbell, Chamberlain, C.'iuik, C'nbb,
Colfax, Roseoe Conklmg, Conway, Covode, Cox, Cravens,
Crislield, Duell, Dunlap, Edwards, Eliot, English, Fessen-
den, Fouke, Franehot, Goodwill, Granger, Grider, Hargttt,
Hale, Hardin!;, Harrison, Uolman, Horton, llutehiits, Jack-
son, Julian, Kelley,Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Law, Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, McClemarid, McKean,
MelCnight, MePhcrson, Mallory, Menzies, Moo!heart, An-
son P. Morrill, jVIoriis, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton,
Pike, Porter, lteid, Alexander II. Rice, John B. Rice, Rid-
dle, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Eoliths, Sedg-
wick, .Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarjier, Shcil, Smith, Spanl-
dm< , John B. Steele, Stevens, Stratum, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, ValJandigham, Van Horn, Ver-
ree, Voorliees, Wadswortll, Wall, Wallace, E P. Walton,
Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Wieidiffe, Window, Worces-
ter, and Wright—99.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Delano was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to make another motion in
reference to this bill.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. OLIN. I was about to make that motion.
As the only object of the amendment was to pre-
vent any invidious distinction between the reg-
ular and volunteer service, and as that amendment
is lost, I move to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pat ton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (No. 65) to authorize an increase in
the corps of topographical engineers; m which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 55) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to protect the commerce of the United
States, and punish the crime of piracy."
AltMY PECULATIONS.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, asked the unanimous consent of the
House to report the following resolution:
Rcsolrcd, That the Clerk of the House is hereby directed
to pu&hase, for the use of the members thereof, twenty
thousand copies of the "Army Regulations," as authorised
by the War Department, if the same can be procured at a
price not exceeding 10 per copy.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want to say one word in
reliiUon to this matter. The resolution proposes
to purchase twenty thousand copies of the Army
Regulations, for the purpose of distribution. If
there is anything that the officers of the Army
want, it is to be furnished with these regulations.
I have been obliged, since I have been in this
city, to go to the stores and purchase this book,
and send it to officers of the Army who had writ-
ten to mo to furnish them with it.
Now, one of the booksellers of this city pro-
poses to furnish this book for $1 20 per copy.
The Committee on Military Affairs came to the
conclusion to recommend to purchase of the book-
seller, provided it could be procured at not more
than §1 10 per copy. This will furnish to each
member of Congress something like one hundred
copies for distribution to the officeisof the Army
U1 his district or State. I think it is the duty of
the House to furnish this information to the offi-
cers of the Asrmy, instead of subjecting them to
the expense of purchasing them themselves.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would tike to inquire of
the gentleman from Pensylvania how soon this
bookseller can furnish these books at the price
proposed ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I am told that they can bo
furnished immediately.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would like to inquire fur-
ther, whether the Government Printer cannot
print and furnish them to the members as quick
as, and cheaper than, they can be furnished by
any bookseller?
Mr. WRIGHT. That is impossible. The
Government cannot print it, for it is a book of
six or eight hundred pages.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the size of the book.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am not.
Mr. ALDRICH. I have no idea that any book-
seller in this city could furnish twenty thousand
or one thousand copies of this book until it is
printed. Ifthatisso, I do not see why the work
should not be done by the Public Printer. I am
perfectly willing that twenty thousand copies shall
be printed by him for distribution.
