THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, .WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1861.
me whenever tliey were made. This is all I ask at vour
hands now. 1 desire no sympathy, favor, or forbearance
from anybody. My reputation lias been shamefully slan-
dered, and 1 trust to your knowledge of the facts to have
me righted with' those whose good opinion is entitled to
respect. 1 appeal to you as one true man does to another,
discarding all claims but those of the strictest justice.
Yours truly, j E II
General Cameron.
New Series.....No. 28,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Before
■    renewing
the demand for the previous question, I desire to
make one single remark in justice to myself. I
have no wish—very far from it—to express or
intimate any opinion upon this subject now, or
upon any of the facts belonging to it. Mr. Har-
vey, the person concerned most deeply here, is a
man whom I have known for several years as a
gentleman and as a friend. He left this country a
few months ago enjoying the full measure of that
good name which falls to the lot of honorable men,
and on reaching his destination in a far foreign
land, he learned from home that he had become
the subject—I will not say the victim—of an accu-
sation as crushing and cruel as could be laid at the
door of a man of standing and character—an ac-
cusation that he not only was a traitor—a traitor
in that sense most offensive, and most justly of-
fensive now to the loyal people of this country—
but that having firststeeped himself to the eyes in
treasonable transgression, he went a step further,
and doubled the perfidy of his act, by applying
for and accepting an honorable commission at the
hands of the Government which he had basely
betrayed. Recently, quite recently, I received
from him a letter, such as one friend in extreme
affliction would naturally write to another; that
"letter contained statements, some of which the
House has heard from the letter to the Secretary
of War, which the gentleman on my right [Mr.
Covode] has furnished now a copy to be read.
With all these facts spread before me, I felt that
I should be false to that obligation of friendship
anil generosity, which, I think, rests upon me, if
1 should allow this session to close without insti-
tuting some inquiry, in order that justice may be
done, both to him who is absent and dependent
upon the confidence and thoughtfulness of his
friends, and to those whose duty it is to see him
convicted of the crime alleged against him, or else
cleansed from its blighting imputation.
Now, sir, unless some gentleman has a ques-
tion to put or a request to make, I renew the
demand for the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OAKLAND HOME GUARDS.
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to mqtiiie into tile expediency ot piovidnlg, by
law, for the payment of the Oakland Home Guards.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the bill (H. R.
No. 99) making appropriations to pay the ex-
penses of the "investigating committees of the
House of Representatives and Senate, appointed
the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
and for the commission authorized to examine
and report as to the compensation of all officers
of the Government, with the Senate amendment
thereto, were taken up from the Speaker's table
for consideration.
The amendment was read,as follows:
At the end of the bill, add:
Said sum of money to be drawn from the Treasury as
pan of tile contingent fund of the House of Itepresentauves,
and to be distributed m the mode piovidcd by law for Mich
purposes.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me make a suggestion
28
to the gentleman. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with his onerous duties,
has never had, as I suppose, an opportunity of
looking into the disbursement of the contingent
fund of the House. It lias grown to be an enorm-
ous fund; and I suggest to him that it is better
to let this money remain in the Treasury, and be
drawn by warrants when the accounts are set-
tled.
Mr. STEVENS. All I have to say to that is,
that the Senate has amended the bill in this way,
and that I do not want the bill to be lost. I there-
fore move the previous question.
•The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIMINALS.
Mr. LOVEJ.OY, I ask leave to introduce, for
reference, a bill to repeal all acts or parts of acts
which operate to exempt traitors and other crim-
inals from punishment.
The bill was read for information. It proposes
to repeal so much of the act approved January 24,
1857, as provides that no person, examined and
testifying before either House of Congress or any
committee of either House, shall bo held to an-
swer criminally in any court of justice, or shall
be subject to any penalty for an act touching which
he shall have so testified; and to repeal all acts
that operate to exempt persons guilty of treason
and other crimes from trial and punishment.
Mr. BURNETT objected to the introduction
of the bill.
LOYALTY TO THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That absolute loyalty to the Government of the
United States is, especially in times of insurrection and
public disorder, the supreme obligation of tiie Representa-
tive, under the Constitution, and is essential to member-
ship in this House.
Resolrei), That the recognition of loyalty to the State as
above In-1 loyalty to the Fedeial Government, by any mem-
ber of this Hou*e, is incompatible with absolute loyalty to
the Government of the United States, and should be re-
garded as sufficient ground for ins expulsion.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to evade all those
fancy resolutions, I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at quarter past three o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 5, 18G1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution (S. No. 4) proposing cer-
tain amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, with a view to the peaceable adjust-
ment of our national difficulties.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to taking it up.
Mr. CLARK. * I hope it will not be taken up
at this time. It will lead to discussion, which
will delay business very much; and 1 hope the
Senate will not take it up.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In reply to the remark
made by the Senator from New Hampshire, 1 feel
disposed to say a word. The argument is ex-
hausted; I merely ask for the vote.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Air. SAULSBURY. I only wish to make one
remark. Since I have been a member of the
Senate  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The Senator
from Delaware is not in order. A response lias
been made to the call. By unanimous consent,
the Senator can address the Senate on this ques-
tion.
Mr. WADE. Let the call proceed.
-The Secretary resumed and concluded the call
of the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thevoteshows
the want of a quorum present, and disables the
Senate from further proceedings.
Several Senators. How many are wanted?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two more.
Mr. BAKER entered and voted.
Mr. FESSENDEN entered and voted.
The result was then announced—yeas 11, naya
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Carlile, Johnson
of Missouri, Latham, McDougall, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Rice, and Sauisbury—11.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Baker, Browning, Clark, CoJ-
iainer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, llale, Harris, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, TnimbilU,
Wade, and Wilson—24. '
So the Senate refused to take up the joint reso-
lution for consideration.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING. I presenta petition of inhabitants
of western New York, asking the establishment
of a national armory in western New York; and.
that the same may be located in the village of
Gencseo, Livingston county, for various reasons
which they assign. I move that the considera-
tion of the petition be postponed until the first
Monday of December next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM presented two petitions of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the immediate
abolition of slavery by Congress, under the war
power; which were ordered'to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present the
petition of Alfred Guthrie, on the subject of steam
batteries. He has a project for the construction
of a steam battery which he thinks will be useful
in the present emergency. I desire to present his
application, and ask its reference to the Commit-
tee oil Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I also have the memorial
of Casper Butz and others, of Chicago, Illinois,
in favor of the most energetic measures for sup-
pressing the rebellion, and opposed to any dis-
crimination between men who want to fight for
their country as to either language or birth. I ask
at this stage of the session 
Mr. WILSON. There is no such discrimina-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been an or-
der 
Mr. WILSON. It has been rcveked.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Entirely revoked ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad to hear it. There
was an order discriminating against persons who
could not speak the English language, but I am
very glad to hear from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that that order has been
revoked. I will ask, then, that the petition lie on
the table.
It was so ortlered,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have received, with
a request to lay it before the Senate, from the
county of Niagara, in the state Qi New York, a
memorial signed by more than six hundred citi-
zens, deprecating civil war, believing that it will
result *in the pci manent division of the Confeder-
acy , an d pray ing this body to propose amendments
to "the Constitution, or the holding of a national
convention to agree on fair and honorable terms of
adjustment of our national difficulties and restore
peace to our distracted country. It is accom-
panied by a letter, signed by two gentlemen, stat-
ing that as many more names were signed to a
similar petition, which they would send if the
Senate should continue in session for a few days
longer, from the same county. As the petition is
a very short one, I ask that it may be read.
