434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
/The Secretary read it, as follows: "
ifd the honorable the Senate and Home of Representatives o f
I the United States of America:
I We, the undersigned, citizens of the county of Niagara,
/and'State of New York, being desirous of maintaining the
/Union of States in accordance with the spirit of justice and
■ equality which characterized the deliberations and coun-
; ciia of the fathersdeeply deprecating civil war among
■ brethren, believing that if continued it will result in a ppr-
1 ntfment division ofourglorious Confederacy, earnestly pray
i that your honorable body wilJ propose amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, or recommend the adop-
tion of the policy of an immediate national convention to
: agree upon a fair and honorable adjustment of oui national
difficulties, and restore peace to our distracted country.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Let it He on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I have received from the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York
a preamble and resolutions relating to the tariff.
Although that subject is no longer under consid-
eration, 1 think it duo to the distinguished body
from which these resolutions emanate that they
should be read. They arc very brief. I ask that
they may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York :
Whereas the Govmiinent ot tlie United States is en-
gaged in a contcst for the suppression of rebellion and for
the maintenance of the integrity ot the Union, which i 
destined to make a large demand upon the pectimaiy re-
sources of the country, and thi^ demand musit chiefly be
met by means of repeated loans:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this Chamber, the
success of the pmposcd loans will depend upon the enact-
ment by Congress now in session of levenue and internal
tax bills, adapted to the existing erneigency; oi that, if the
Government should succeed in piocurnig money without
making wise piovisionsfor the reimbursement of pimeipal
and interest, it will only be upon terms discreditable to
the national name and ptejudieial to the national interest.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this Chambei, tbe tariff
bill, now under consideration of Congress, should be so
fiatncd as to produce revenue only, and without ii'gaid to
piotcction.
Adopted August 1, 1861.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the resolutions lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OP PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill returned
from the House ot* Representatives on Saturday,
to confiscate property uskI for insurrectionary
purposes. The House amended the last .suction
of tno bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves to take up the amendment
of the House of Representatives to Senate bill
No. 25.
Several Senators. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not. I trust the
Senate will concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives. It limits the fourth section of
the bill so as to avoid an objection which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky had.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Do you think it
avoids it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly avoids the ob-
jection the Senator made. He may have others,
perhaps.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 25) to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes; which was to strike
out the fourth section of the bill, and insert the
following in lieu thereof:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whenever here-
after, during the present nisnru'otion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, any peison claimed to be held
to labor oi seiviec under the law ol any State tdmll be in-
quired or permitted by the prison to whom biich labor or
-.''ivice is claimed to bo due, oi bv tlmlawtm aaentof !>uch
pcr«>on, to take up aims ajr.un.-t the United States, oi shall
he inquired or penniitcd by the pei.-on to whom ?.udi la-
bor or soiviee is cI.miM'd t>> h« duo, or Ins i.m'iul agent, to
work or to be employed in or upon any foit, navy-yaai.
dock, artnoiv, ?-hip, inirenchinent, or m any militaiy or
naval seiviee whatsoever, again&ttbe Government and law-
ful authority of the United Stale-; then,and mevoiyMicli
eat>o, the pct-on to whom such laboi or s-emce is claimed
to be due, shall foiteit ills claim to -meh labor, any law uf
the .Statu, or ot the United States, to the eontiaiy notwith-
standing. And whenever tiieieafter the pei&on churning
such labor or seiviee t-liall heck to enloieehis claim, it
shall be a full and Miffieicnt an.swei to such claim, that the
poison whose service or labor is claimed had been em-
ployed in hostile service against the Government of the
United States, contiary to the piovisions ol this act.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask for the yeas
and nays on concurring' in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Foot,- Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harris, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Sheiman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messis. Breckinridge, Blight, Carlile, Cowan,
John«on of Missouri, Latham, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Rice,
and Saulsbury—11.
So the amendment was concurred in.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 56) for the
relief of George W. Wright, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 27) for the relief of
MarshallO. Roberts, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Marshal O. Roberts,
praying compensation for the loss of the steam-
ship Star of the West, captured while in the serv-
ice of the Government by the enemies of the
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William S. Grant,
representing that supplies furnished by him for
the Army in Arizona, under contract with the
War Department,were seized by theTexan forces,
and praymg iclief, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred papers? in relation to the claim of
John Egonolf to a California war bond, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain Roger Jones,
of the United States Army, late in command of
the armory at Harper's Feny, praying the settle-
ment of his accounts, and indemnity for the loss
of his private effects; also, that the men of his
command may be indemnified for their losses,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 5) to examine the condition of the Na-
val Academy,and to inquire as the reorganization
thereof, reported it withoutanieiidment, with the
lecommendation that its further consideration be
postponed to the first Monday m December next;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (tl. R. No. 83) for tempo-
rary increase of midshipmen in the Naval Acad-
emy, reported it without amendment, and asked
that its further consideration be postponed to
the first Monday in December next; which was
agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask leave, without notice, to
introduce a bill to incorporate the Washington
Railway Company.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 68) to
incorporate the Washington Railway Company
was lead the first tirno by its title.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to say, that I regard
this bill as very important, and I regret, exceed-
ingly, that it could not have been introduced at
an earlier day. it provides for the construction
of a railroad in this city, by a company of gen-
tlemen, who offer, in consideration of the fran-
chise, to transport all troops and munitions of
war for the Government without charge, and they
offer, further, to construct the road within thirty
days. If the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia could consider this bill" so that it might
be acted on at the present session, I am persuaded
that the public would derive srant benefit from it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read the second tune, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr, BRIGHT. I do not know what may be
the provisions of that bill. 1 should like to read
it myself, before I consent to its second reading
to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator object to the second reading of the bill to-
day, with a view to refetenco?
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir. I do not wish a bill
of that kind to pass without having a chance to
look at it.
JAMES S PROJECTILES,
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Charles
T. James, of Providence, Rhode Island, praying
that he may be authorized to rifle one of the large
ordinary Navy guns made for throwing round
shot, and that it may be tested under the direc-
tion of a board of officers, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, have instructed me to
report that the memorialist have leave to with-
draw his petition, and that it be taken from the
files of the Senate, and returned to him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. TheCommitteeon-NavalAfjfairSj
to whom was- referred the joint resolution (S. No,
16) authorizing an examination, by a board of
naval officers, of James's projectiles for rifled
cannon, have instructed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass with an amend-
ment. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution (S. No. 16) au-
thorizing an examination, by a board of naval
officers, of James's projectiles for rifled cannon.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Navy to
allow Charles T. James, of Providence, Rhode
Island, to rifle one of the large ordinary Navy
guns made for throwing round shot, and to have
it tested under the direction of a board of officers,,
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Navy*
sufficiently to settle the question of its capacity to
use rifled projectiles without danger, and also to
direct such experiments as may be sufficient to
ascertain the relative and comparative value of
the projectiles and cannon thus rifled.
Mr. HALE. Allow mc,in a single word, to ex-
plain to the Senate what the amendments are. As
the resolution now is, it is imperative on the Sec-
retary; he is "authorized and directed." The
committee recommend an amendment, striking out
the word " directed," leaving it at his discretion.
The resolution, as it now stands, also directs it
to be made by naval officers. The committee
strike that out, and leave the experiment to be
made under the direction of the Secretary.
The amendments were read.
The first amendment was to strike out "and
directed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing;
" Undt-i the direction of aboard of officers to be appointed
by tbo Seciotaiy of the Navy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; was read the third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the title was amended
to read: "A joint resolution authorizing an ex-
amination of James's projectiiesfor rifled cannon."
ASISURY DICKINS.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Jlesolicd, That the ialaiyof Asbuiy Dickm^, late Socie-
tal y of the Senate, bo continued one year from the com-
mencement of the present ses&ion?to be paid out of the
contingent fund.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objection
cairies it over under the rule.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a question of order.
I rise to ask the Chair whether the 34th rule docs
not require ihe resolution just offered by the Sen-
ator fiom New Hampshire to be referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses? I ask the
attention of the Chair to the 34th rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be referred, as required by that rule.
Mr.DIXON subsequently said: The Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the "Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred a resolution
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire, in
regard to Mr. Dickius's salary, have instructed
me to report it back, with an amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage, as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. POLK. I would rather it should stand
over until to-morrow.
Thc'PRESWEKV pro tempore, The Chair must
require that order be restored to the Chamber;
