486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the title of the
bill was amended, so as to read, "An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the engineer and topograph-
ical corps, and for other purposes."
ENLISTMENTS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judi&ary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 86) to punish certain crimes against the
United States, h^ve instructed me to report it back
to the Senate, with a recommendation that it pass.
X ask for action upon it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous conscnt to consider the bill at this time.
It will be read for information.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that if any person shall be guilty of the act of
recruiting soldiers or sailors in any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States to engage in armed
hostility against the United States, or who shall
open a recruiting station for the enlistment of
such persons, either as regulars or volunteers, to
serve in that manner, shall be guilty of a high
"misdemeanor, and, upon conviction in any court
of record having jurisdiction of the offense, shall
be fined a sum not less than $200 nor more than
$1,000, and confined and imprisoned for a period
not less than one year nor more than five years.
The second scction provides that the person so
enlisted or engaged as regular or volunteer shall
be fined in a like manner a sum of $100 and impris-
oned not leas than one nor more than three years.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the first
section of that bill, but I think the second section
ought to be stricken out. I move to strike out the
second section.
Mr. POWELL. I object to the present con-
sideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky objects to the present considera-
tion of the bill, and it being reported this morn-
ing, under the rule it lies over under the objection.
Mi*. TRUM13ULL. Ia it not too late after it has
been considered and a motion made to amend it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I seiwi to the table
espies of certain papers in the contested matter of
Mr. Stanton and myself. I move that they be
laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
APPEALS TO THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up forcon-
sideration Senate bill No. 60—a bill relative to
appenla in cases of private land claims and sur-
veys in the State of California.
The motion .was agreed to; and the bill was
considered asm Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vider that, in all cases of appeal which have been
taken, or may hereafter be taken, by both parties
from either of the district courts of California to
th« Supreme Court of the United States in pto-
cecdin^s to ascertain and settle private land claims
under the piovisions of the act of March 3, 1851,
and in proceedings upon the survey and location
of confirmed private land claims in California un-
der the provisions of the act of June 14, 1860, a
transcript of the record filed in the Supreme Court
by either party on hisappeal may be used on both
appeals; and whenever in such cases one record
shall have been, or may hereafter be, filed by
either party in the Supreme Court, both appeals
shall be heard thareon by the court in the same
manner as if records had been filed by the appel-
lants m both cases.
The bill further provides that the district attor-
ney of the United States of any district in Cali-
fornia may transcribe and certify to the Supreme
Court of the United States the records of the dis-
trict court of his proper district in all land cases
wherein the United States is a party,upon winch
appeals have been or may be taken to the Supreme
Court; and records so certified by such district
attorney under his hand, and filed in the Supreme
Court, shall be taken as true and valid transcripts,
to the same intent and purpose as if certified by
the clerk of the proper district court; and the dis-
trict attorneys for California are to be authorized
to employ such clerks, not exceeding three in
number, as may be necessary to transcribe the
■records, at a compensation not exceeding J150
per month, tobetpaid out of the appropriation for
special and other extraordinary expenses of Cal-
ifornia land claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee reported
the bill back as it has been read by the Clerk, with
a recommendation that it pass; but on consulta-
tion with the Senators from California, one of
them objects to the first section, in the -shape in
which it is, and I promised him to move an amend-
ment which would obviate his objection. I will
send to the Chair the bill as proposed to be
amended, and I move the amendment as indicated
on the bill which I send to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what the amend-
ment is, and then, when it is read, the Senate will
understand it, if they pay attention. The bill pro-
vides in its first section that, when appeals are
taken by both parties from any judgment or de-
cree of the district courts in California in private
land claims, the record of one party may betaken
and used for both in the Supreme Court of the
United States. The amendment, if it isadopted,
which I have sent to the Chair, makes the law
general, and provides that in all cases of appeals
from a district or circuit court of the United States
to the Supreme Court of the United States by both
parties, the record filed by either party shall be
taken as the record for the decision of both appeals.
Mr. LATHAM. I will also state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that the second section
will then remain unaltered; so that, so far as my
own State is concerned, the certifying of the rec-
ords by the district attorney is permitted. I do
not see why any special legislation is required for
California different from the whole country. It
is a good provision, as I stated to the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, for all appeals
to the Supremo Court. 1 did not like to see a
discrimination made, because I thought in many
instances it would operate very unjustly in my
State; and hence 1 suggested that the provision
should be general.
Mr. HARRIS. In reference to that question,
I understand fromtheAttorney General that there
are clerks of the district attorneys of California,
employed by the Government, paid a salary by
the Government, who may just as well perform
this service as not, and save the Government this
expense in reference to these claims 
Air. LATHAM. The Senator from New York
will not understand me as objecting to the second
scction. I say that is very proper, and I am in
favor of it. I think it is an advantage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senator
from California will not object to the bill as it is
now proposed to be amended, making the first
section general.
Mr. LATHAM. Not at all.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Section one, line four, after the won! "be," inscit
"duly aftei the wonl " from,'' <t  ike out " eitherot the,"
and insert ''judgment or decree of atty alter <k distiict,"
hwrt " or circuitin line five, strike out " com is," and
insert ** eouitMuke out "of Californiain lines tix,
M'ven, eight, nine, ten, and eleven, stuke out the words
in piooeedmgs to ascertain and settle prrvate land claims
under the provisions of the act of 3d of March, 1851, and in
ptocceduigs upon the survev and location ot confirmed pri-
vate land c!,iun> m California, under the provisions of the
act of 14th Juno, lytJOso as to make the section lead :
JSc it enacted, $ c., That in all of appeal which have
been taken, or may heieatterbe duly taken, by both parties
from the judgment or decree of any district or cneuit court
to the, Supieine Couit of the United States, u transcript of
the iccoid filed in the Supreme Court of the Ignited States
hy cither paity on lus appeal may he used on both appeals ;
and whenever in ?ueh ca&os one lecoid shall have been, or
may hereafier be, filed by cithei party in the said Supreme
Couit, both appeals shall be heard thereon by the court in
the tsame manner as if records had been filed by the appel-
lants m both cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Illinois that the first word "taken"
ought to be stricken out; so as to read, " which
have been, or may hereafter be, duly taken."
The word "taken" in the first instance takes
away from the force of " duly" before the second
word " taken."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would be a
proper verbal amendment; and I move to strike
out the word " taken" in the third line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bili was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to state that the amend-
ment to the first section changes the character of
the bill; and its title should be amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make that motion.
The bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the title be " An
act relative to appeals to the Supreme Court of
the Unkjfd States."
Thjftitle was so amended.
OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. COLLAMER. As there seems to be a
little lull in the hurry of business just at this time,
I desire to piesent a resolution; and I believe it
is the first one I have ever presented in this body:
Resolved, That the President pro tempore of the Senate,
elected in the absence of the Vice President, holds his of-
fice, \vhil§ a member of the Senate, until another is elected,
and executes the duties thereof whenever the Vice l'resi-
dent i.s absent.
No objection being interposed, the Senate pro-
ceeded to "consider the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be observed that
the language of the resolution is in the present
tense, declaii.ig a principle; not that it shall be
so and so, but declaring that that is the law. I
find examples of this kind m the early practice
of the Senate. For instance, at an early day,
when Richard Henry Lee was elected President
pro tempo') e, a question arose whether, when he
officiated, ho did it precisely as the Vice Presi-
dent did; that is to say, whether he had only a
casting vote. That was settled by a resolution,
declaring that, when a Senator officiated as Pres-
ident pro tempore, he should still vote as a Sena-
tor; which has been followed to this day.
The object of this resolution is to declare what
I have understood to be really the law. It has
been the practice of late years to understand that
when a President pro tempore is elected in the ab-
sence of the Vice President, those words," elected
in the absence of the Vice President," limit not
only the occasion of his election, but the term and
tenure of his office; and that when the particular
absence of the Vice President, on which occasion
he was elected, ceases, his election ceases also.
That is done, and can be done only upon one con-
struction of the language of the Constitution.
After speaking in the previous clause of the Vice
Picsident presiding over the Senate, the Consti-
tution provides that "the Senate shall choose
their other officers, and also a President pro tern'
pore in the absence of the Vice President." Those
are the words. The question arises on the con-
struction of those words. Undoubtedly the Senate
must elect the President pro tempore in the absence
of the Vice President. That settles the occasion
of the election; but the question still remains, does
the office cease when that occasion passes away?
In order to test this, I have looked into the early
practice.
It seems to me that if an election be made to
last only while the Vice President is at that time
absent, the election to the office must cease with
the session. It is an absurdity to talk about the
absence of the Vice President when the Senate is
not sitting. No man can with propriety say that
a member or the Vice President of a body is ab-
sent, when, owingto theadjournmentof the body,
he cannot be present. Absence from a body im-
plies that the body is sitting. It cannot be said
that a man is absent when the body itself is not
present. If the Vice President chooses, he has
a light to put an end to the time of holding the
office by the President pro tempore, by coming
back and taking the chair, which it is said he may
do at any day during the session. He cannot
come back to do that in the vacation. You deprive
him of the power of coming here then. The truth
is, as I view it, that the absence must be an ab-
sence from the sitting body; and the moment the
body ceases its session, no owe can be said to be
absent from it after that. It is to me a sort of
paradox to talk about the Vice President being
absent, or any member being absent, after we
have adjourned. Neither the Vice President nor
anybody else can be absent from the Senate when
the Senate is not sitting.
That this is not the practical construction of the
Constitution, (that is to say, that when a Presi-
dent pro tempore is appointed his office ceases with
the session, as it must if it is limited to the time
of the absence,) is shown by the uniform practice
of the Senate for the last seventy years. The
practice has been to make an election near the
