1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
close of the session; and the "Vice President re-
tires for the purpose of allowing a President pro
tempore to be elected. What for? That the office
may continue in vacation; and with two excep-
tions the umform practice has been, as appears
by the Journals, that when the next session com-
mences, if the Vice President is not here, that
President pro tempore takes the seat. There have
been two exceptions where the Senate elected a
different person. That proves nothing; because
the Senate, no doubt, can elect a new one at any
time.
Again, sir, the law which provides, in accord-
ance with the Constitution, who shall perform
the duties of President of the United States, ill
case of the death or resignation of both the Pres-
ident and Vice President, declares that the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate shall officiate; or if
there be no President pro tempore, the Speaker of
the House of Representatives. It is very observ-
able that that law necessarily implies that the
Congress which passed it understood the place
' of President pro tempore to be a continuing office;
that when elected, he remained in until another
was elected. True, it might fall outthathemight
die; and so provision was made for the Speaker
of the House of Representatives; but the neces-
sary implication from the law is, that the office
of President pro tempore of the Senate is a contin-
uing office. It was so understood then, and I
wish it merely to be so understood now.
With these views, I have prepared the resolu-
tion declaring that the President pro tempore of
the Senate, elected in the absence of the Vice
President, shall, while a Senator, remain Presi-
dent pro tempore, and officiate from time to time,
whenever the Vice President is absent, until an-
other is elected. I think that is the true exposi-
tion of the Constitution, necessarily implied by
the law that I have referred to, and the only prac-
ticable method of getting along so as to avoid
going withouta Presidentpro tempore in vacation,
and having constant elections and reelections
every time the Vice President goes out and in.
Mr. BAYAPv.D. I do not concur in the construc-
tion given to the Constitution by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, much respect as I have
for his opinions; nor do I consider this resolution
necessary; and indeed I think that it would be
injurious in itself.
I have no doubt that the President of the Senate
elcctcd in the absence of the Vice President, as the
present occupant of the Chair has been, has a du-
ration of office indefinite in its determination, but
lasting until the Vice President again takes his
seat or the Senator himself censes to be a member
of this body. These are the only limitations, in
my judgment, on the duration of the office for
' which he is elected. The effect of this resolution
would be that if the Vice President were to take
his seat to-day, the present occupant of the chair,
as President pro tempore, without any further
election, would resume the scat again to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Vice President went
away to-morrow?
Mr. BAYARD. Just so. If the Vice Presi-
dent went away to-morrow, the temporary occu-
pant of the chair would resume his position a sec-
ond time, without a new election. Now, sir, my
view of the Constitution is—and I think it is a
very simple question in itself—that the Senate
have the right, in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, to elect a substitute for him, (if you please
so to style it;) they have a right to elect a Presi-
dent pro tempore; that is, for the time being; that
is the meaning of it. It is no matter whether the
body adjourns oris not in session after this is
done and before the Vice President appears; the
office continues, as a matter of course; it does not
depend on the body being in session; no one con-
tends for that; but it depends on whether the Vice
President resumes the chair; for he has the power,
under the Constitution, to terminate the office that
you have created temponuily in his absence. You
* may do it by expelling the member; he may cease
to be President by ceasing to be a member of the
Senate; but I have strong doubts about your right
to remove a President pro tempore when you have
appointed him, unless you expel the member, or
his term ceases. It is at least very questionable 111
my mind. You elect to an office of uncertain
duration 111 its tenure. The Constitution does not
prescribe the tenure. You must infer it rationally
from the whole scope and character and object of
the clause. The language is, that in the absence
of the Vice President you may clest a President
pro tempore, which means a President for the time
being. Now, can you, by resolution, undertake
to say that he is not merely President for the lime
being, for the time for which you elected him; but
that though the Vice President takes the chair
again the next day, he is still President without
any further election? His office is certainly va-
cated the moment the Vice President takes the
chair; but not till then, I admit. That has been
the former construction of this clause of the Con-
stitution. That makes it complete. It meets every
possible evil that can arise. The chair is now
occupied by an election made in the absence of the
Vice President. If the Vice President does not
return, the occupant of the chair remains President
pro tempore of the Senate, session or no session;
because thatis the natural inference from the dura-
tion of the office. He is not elected President pro
tempore during the session of the Senate; he is
elected President pro tempore during the absence
of the Vice President; ana you cannot assume that
the Vice President will return until he again ap-
pears in the chair as President of the Senate. You
cannot take away any of his powers; but he is ab-
sent in contemplation of law if he leayes the chair
during the session of the Senate, until he takes it
again; and, in fact, he is absent. I see no paradox
in regarding him as absent during the recess of the
•Senate. It deprives him of no privilege, deprives
him of no function, deprives him of no duty; but
it does what is one of our objects—keeps a third
person in being, who, in the event of the death of
the Vice President, would occupy his situation
permanently; and that has been, I am very well
satisfied, the past construction of this clause of
the Constitution.
It seems to.me that the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont—1 say it with great
deference to him—would complicate this matter
and give an erroneous construction to the Consti-
tution. He is not a President pro tempore, if he
can resume his office after the time for which he
has been elected; the time being has expired by
the Vice President resuming the chair. No man
can doubt that his office teiminates then. You
elect him Presidentp-o tempore. If the Vice Pres-
ident comes in, whether it is one day or one week
afterwards, can any one doubt that the office is
gone? If it is gone, this resolution seeks to create
it without subsequent election. That is what I
object to. It does no good in any way; butgives
a construction which has not been given in the
past. Of course, until the Vice President comes,
the temporary occupant of the chair remains
President of the Senate; and if the Vice President
never comes during the remainder of his term, the
occupant remains President of the Senate during
the lemaindcrofthatterm, provided his senatorial
term lasts that long. Of course, either the cessa-
tion of his own term, or his death, or his expul-
sion from the body, or the return of the Vice
President will vacate the office which lie filled pro
tempore, for the time being, and nothing else. It
seems to me that this is an easy and rational con-
struction, and answers all the purposes for which
the Constitution meant to give you the power,
because during the recess of the Senate the Vice
President has 110 particular authority as an officer
of the Senate, nor has the President of the Senate
pro tempore. I think on the whole it would bp
wiser to adhere to the former construction, and
that this resolution only tends to complicate and
lead to doubts as to the constiuctiou to be placed
on the tenure of this office.
Mr. COLLAMER. I certainly have as high
respect for the lawycrshipof my brother Bayard
as he can profess for mine; but you know lawyers
disagree often. We are generally hired to dis-
agree; and we get into the habit of it so much,
from having been hired to disagree, that we are
very apt to disagree 011 other occasions from the
force of habit. But, to my mind, the gentleman's
argument is what we lawyers call the petitioprin-
cipii. He assumes, to begin with, that the lim-
itation of the time and term of the office isthe
same as the occasion of appointment. The Con-
stitution provides that the Senate may appoint a
President pro tempore in the absence of the Vice
President. Now, the Senator assumes that he
ceases to be President pro tempvie when the Vice
President comes back. Thatis the very question.
] He assumes the question,audall his consequences
and arguments, all the way through, result fro at
that assumption. My view is, that the officedoe*
notcease with that occasion-,it is hotliirrifcd to that
occasion. The Senator agrees with me that the
practice of having the President pro tempore elected
toward the close of the session, is with a view to
his perpetuation; and that is what the resolution
carries out. _ ' 7
I say, again, that it cannot be said with any
propriety or truth, that an officer is absent front
this body, or that a member is absent from it,
when the body is not sitting. I said it was an
absurdity. I think it is a sort of Irishism. The
idea that a man is absent, as a member of the
Senate, when the Senate is not sitting, to me ia
a mere confusion of ideas—a sort of paradox.
You choose a President pro tempore. Thesession
ends. You chose him when the'Vico President
was absent. What is the effect? It is, says the
Senator, that he shall keep the place until the
Vice President takes his seat again, which he has
a right to do whenever he pleases. Yes; but he
cannotdo it in the vacation; he cannot put an end
to it in that way then. There are duties for the
presiding officer of this body during the vacation.
I believe that we have rules or laws in relation to
the appointment of clerks, &c., which must ba
done with his approbation. These things may he
done in vacation, I take it. I need not name them
all, but there are various duties. My idea is, that
it is not true that the President pro tempore is su-
perseded in his appointment whenever the Vige
President takes his seat again; for if that were so,
lie never could do these duties, though living and
willing to do them.
The truth is, I wish to carry out a consistency
of course; that is to say, when we choose a Pres-
ident pro tempore, we must choose him, to be sure,
as the Constitution says, " in the absence of the
Vice President;" but after that, he should do the
duties of the Vice President whenever he is npt
here. That is all the object; that is all I desire to
do; and in my view we can only preserve our con-
sistency in that way, by passing a resolution de-
claring that to be the true principle.
Mr. B A.YARD. At least I have one argument
in my favor; and if it was not for that, I should
scarcely venture to contend with the honorable
Senator from Vermont, and that is the long-con-
tinued practice and usage of the Senate, that the
construction I give to the Constitution is a correct
one. I'am unable to sec the paradox which is so ap-
parent to him; nordolseethatlassumeanything.
I say that the fair inference from thatclause of the
Constitution which authorizes the Senate of the
United States, in the absence of the Vicc Presi-
dent to choose an officer to preside over their delib-
erations—not to make him Vice President, but
an officer to preside over their deliberations, to be
their President pro tempore, for the time being—is
that, having been so appointed, of necessity ha
cannot be the presidingoflicer the moment the con-
stitutional officer, the Vice President, again takes
his seat; but he may be until he does. Why isit
not a fair construction ? We appoint him for the
time being. What is the meaning of that? Until
the Vice President takes his seat again. We can
take 110 legal knowledge of the fact whether ho
will ever take his seat again or not; and therefore
we provide our own officer to act, be it in recess
or in session, until he takes his seat. The mo-
ment he takes Ills seat, the office of course, being
for the time being, must end. It is impossible
that a man can bo Pi esidentpro tempore of the Sen-
ate when the Vice President is here; and when he
has ceased to be President of the Senate, this res-
olution seeks to make linn President piv tempore
again without an election after the Vicc President
again retires. That is my great objection to it. I
think that it answers no good, and is departing
from what has been the construction of the Consti-
tution hitherto. It gives no authority that docs
not now pertain to the office. The present occu-
pant of the chair and any other, while the Vicc
President does not take his seat, (which he can-
not do except during the session of the Senate,)
will remain President pro tempore of the Senate 1111 til
his functions as such are superseded by the Vice
President taking his seat, or his own term of office
1 expiring. .
u Why is not that the rational construction ? It
 ! is not an assumption; but look at the character
Q of the office. The duration of the office is M*
!i defined in the Constitution; it does not pietenu
