438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
to define it; therefore we must take it from the
objects that are contemplated in it. One of the
objects is to have an officer to preside over your
proceedings when you are in session. A further
object also, as we know the Constitution author-
izes it, is that, in the event of the death of the
Vice President and.of the President of the United
States, there may be an officer to exercise the ex-
ecutive functions. Thatis the construction which
has hitherto been given. Why should we depart
from it when the effect of this resolution is, as it
seems to me, directly in the face of the character
of the office as described in the Constitution ? An
officer is elected for the time being. No one can
deny that there cannot be two Presidents of the
Senate at one and the same time. Suppose a
President p-o tempore were chosen at the begin -
ning of the session: the Vice President comes in
two weeks afterwards, and takes his seat; can it
be doubted that the office of President pro tempore
then ceases, and that the.Vice President is Presi-
dent of the Senate ? There is no President pro tem-
pore when the Vice President is here in the body,
because he has resumed the chair. If that be the
case, this resolution seeks to say that if he again
leaves the Senate during that session the same oc-
cupant is to resume it under a former election; to
resume an office which has been terminated! I
think the resolution wrong for that reason; yet
X think it reaches no effect that does not now
exist as regards everything of benefit which the
Constitution intended should arise from the elec-
tion of the officer. Everything of that kind is
reached by adhering to the previous construction
which has been given.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would not say a word, if
I did not believe that the Senator from Delaware
would produce a difficulty by the construction he
gives to the Constitution. He says that the office
ceases when the Vice President resumes the chair.
I put a case to him. Suppose the Vice President
should resume his scat next December, and in the
middle of the month he should die, and the Pres-
ident of the United States should die the same day:
who would be President of the United States?
We should have no Vice President and no Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate, according to his
construction, and we could not elect one until the
man was dead, and the office had taken its lodg-
ment in the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives. I say it is indispensable, tu carry out the
principle of the law, that this office should be con-
tinued. The principle of the law that makes our
President pro tempore the President of the United
States, in case of the death of both President and
Vice President, renders this indispensable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this resolution will
be laid over, or disposed of in some other way
than by taking the vote on it at this moment. I
am not prepared to take a vote on a resolution of
this kind, construing the Constitution differently
than it has been construed since the Government
began, without any consideration or notice of it.
I do not think wo can, by resolution, enlarge the
office of President of the Senate. The Constitu-
tion of the United States has declared it, and I
think this is attempting to give a construction to
the Constitution in a hasty manner. It may be
right. I am not prepared to discuss it. 1 move
that the consideration of it be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I understand the history
of the Government, it was always so until within
a few years; they always held over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it will be so now.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; they have made a
new rule lately.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
SENATOR FRCnr KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. I rise to aquestionof privilege
in reference to the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary upon the memorial of Frederic P. Stan-
ton, claiming a seat in this body. That report
was made on Friday, and has been printed, and
is laid upon the tables of members. It is a sub-
ject of importance, concerning as it does the right
of a member to a seat on this floor, and is a sub-
ject which ought to be pretty promptly considered.
In my opinion, it ought to be considered before
the adjournment of this body. Possibly, the Sen-
ate may entertain a different opinion on this sub-
ject from me, and I, of course, shall yield to their
better judgment. I consider it my duty, however,
to bring the question before the Senate, and to
urge upon them its consideration. I am willing
to make the question of taking up the report a test
question, whether or not the Senate is disposed to
consider it during the present session. If they
are disposed to consider it, they will take it up; if
not disposed to consider it, they will refuse to take
it up. Although it is a question of privilege, of
course it is within the control of a majority of the
body. I have a right, of course, to make the mo-
tion, and to call for action upon it, to the exclu-
sion of the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
who moved to go into executive session; but my
object, of course, is not to embarrass the Senate,
and not to ask the consideration of asubjectwhich
the Senate shall think it best not to consider. . I
present the question to the Senate, urging upon
them the necessity, as it seems to me, of consid-
ering it, and ask a vote on the question of taking
up this report for consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary touching the right to a seat
of the Senator from Kansas. That, relating to
the constituency of the body, is eminently a priv-
ileged question, and does take precedence oven of
the motion to proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business: and that is the question now
before the Senate, on proceeding to the consider-
ation of this subject.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I would not interpose
unreasonable objection to taking up that question
at this time, but it is known to the Senate that I
offered a resolution of inquiry the other day which
has just been answered by the Pi'esidenL of the
United States a few moments since, and the an-
swer has been ordered to be printed, and has not,
of course, yet reached the printer; and we can-
not, 1 think, act knowingly without having all the
facts of this contested-election case before us. In
addition to that, I am informed that one of the
Senators from Kansas is necessarily absent to-
day. The State of Kansas is very deeply inter-
ested in this question of representation upon the
floor, and it seems to me that we had better pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business
until, at least, all the evidence in the election case
shall be before us.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Con-
necticut to withdraw his motion for a few minutes,
to allow me to introduce a bill, by direction of the
Committee on Military Affairs, that it is very im-
portant should be acted on now.
Mr. FOSTER. I shall withdraw it, of course,
on such a suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw that.
PAY Or THE TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee *on Military
Affairs and the Militia have instructed mo to re-
port a liill (S. No. 69) to increase the pay of the
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the regular Army, volunteers, murines,
and seamen in the service of the United States.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that the pay of non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and privates of the regular Army
and volunteers, and of the marines, seamen, and
ordinary seamen in the service of the United States,
be increased by the addition thereto of two dollars
per month for three years from and after the pas-
sage of this act, and until otherwise provided by
law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the bill will be considered at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. KING. For the purpose of giving the
Senator from Massachusetts an opportunity to
propose an amendment, I move that it be laid over
informally; and the Senator from Connecticut can
then proceed with his report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York objecting, the bill cannot be con-
sidered at the present time.
The bill was laid over.
MESSAGE BROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 49) to create a metropolitan po-
lice district of the District of Columbia, and to
establish a police therefor.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. G3) making appropriations for
fortifications, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 80) authorizing the construc-
tion of twelve small side-wheel steamers;
A bill (H. R. No. 99) making appropriation to
pay the expenses of the investigating committees
of the House of Representatives and Senate ap-
pointed at the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and of the commission authorized to
examine and report as to the compensation of all •
officers of the Government; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) requesting the
President of the United States to recommend a
day of public humiliation, fasting, and prayer.
• BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed, on the 31st of July, the following bills:
A bill (IT. R. No. 45) to define and punish cer-
tain conspiracies; and
A bill (H. R. No. 81) making an appropriation
for the purchase of arms for the volunteers and
regular troops of the United States.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 2d of August, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 74) to increase the consular
representation of the United States during the
present insurrection; and
A bill (H. R. No. 78) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to the act entitled ' An act
providing for a naval peace establishment, and for
other purposes,"' passed March 27, 1804.
Also, that lie had approved and signed,,on the
3d of August, the following bills:
A bill (II. R. No. 59) for the relief of John C.
McConnell; and
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to suspend in part the
operation of an act entitled " An act relating to
revenue cutters and steamers."
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, that the Senate take up the reportof the
Committee on the Judiciary in relation to the
election of a Senator from Kansas.
Mr. BROWNING. I hope that will not be
taken up at present. For one, I have not such
information as would enable me to act with any
degree of satisfaction to myself upon the question.
It is one of very great importance, not only to the
Senator from Kansas personally, but to the State
which he in part represents here ?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me,I desire to know how this business conies
up before the resolution which I presented, and
which has not been disposed of? I presented a
resolution, which was under consideration and
debate; and there has been no vote disposing of
it in any way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut rose to a privileged question.
Mr. COLLAMER. That being disposed of,
that resolution, I take it, takes precedence of any-
thing else,until disposed of somehow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now before the Senate is on the motion of the
Senator from Connecticut, to proceed to the'eon-
sideration of that privileged question, touching
the constituency df this body.
Mr. BROWNING. Several days ago a reso-
lution passed this body calling upon the President 9
to communicate information upon the subject the
consideration of which it is proposed to enter
upon. We have not yet received a response to
that resolution. This morning I called personally
upon the President, as an answer had not reached
us, to know what the facts connected with the
case were. He informed me that as soon as the
• resolution was'laid before him,he sentto the War
