440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
made this appointment. He knows better than
a try other man on earth whether the appointment
has been accepted. Then it is not a question as
to who shall determine the right of a Senator on
' this floor to a seat; but it is a question of fact, to
be determined upon evidence, like every other
question of fact. I do not say that this is not a
question of paramount importance; it doubtless
is; but I simply say it cannot be considered now
without palpable and manifest injustice to a mem-
ber of this Senate. This question cannot be tried
without all the evidence before the Senate. What
evidence does the resolution of inquiry seek to
obtain? Simply this: it is a call upon the Presi-
dent to answer, first, whether the Senator from
Kansas has been appointed brigadier general; and
if so, whether he has accepted that appointment.
No mail on earth can know so well as the Presi-
dent in reference to both those facts.
Mine is not an effort to postpone this subject
indefinitely, or for any other than the simple pur-
pose of getting the facts before the Senate. We
have a right to try the right of every Senator to a
seat on this floor; but we try it upon evidence;
and the evidence in this case is not before us, and
cannot be until we get the response of the Presi-
dent. Surely my resolution of inquiry, addressed
to a different and coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment, has nothing in it disrespectful to the
Judiciary Committee. They have reported this
case. They have not reported the answer of the
President, or the evidence of the President. I be-
Ueve he, of all others, knows best the true posi-
tion of this matter; and I, for one, do not desire
to decide it until all the evidence is before the Sen-
ate. I am ready to take any time that is necessary
to determine it, but I am unwilling to determine
before we have the response of the President.
I was mistaken in my first assertion, that the
President had answered the resolution. 1 under-
stood that other important evidence was presented
this morning, bearing directly on this case, which
was ordered to be printed, and is not now access-
ible to the Senate. But, in addition to that, 1 ask
a delay*until We can get the response of the Pres-
ident; and it must bn a very short delay, for the
distinguished Senator from Illinois assures us that
the President is preparing his answer, and will
send it to us in the course of the day.
Mr. J3RI2CKIJNIUDGE. Mr. President, the
other day, in the course of some remarks in favor
of printing the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary, I said that when the response of the
President to the resolution which has been re-
ferred to should come in, that that also ought to be
printed, and 1 would vote for it. I certainly shall
be opposed to taking up this case and determin-
ing it now, if 1 can be satisfied that it will work
any injustice to cither of tho contestants. Other-
wise, I shall be in favor ot taking it up, and act-
ing upon it. It is a question of privilege, and of
the highest privilege; and this Senate should not
adjourn without determining the right of the Sen-
ator from Kansas to a seat.
The resolution, as I remember it, requested the
President to communicate to the Senate whether
he had appointed the sitting Senator a brigadier
general. [ think that was the phiaseology of the
resolution. Here, in the report, I sec aVe letters
from the Secretary of War, arid from other offi-
cial sources, which appear to exhaust the facts of
the case. It is a mere matter of fact. If any Sen-
ator can satisfy me that the response of the Pres-
ident will contain any facts not communicated in
the report which will bear on the merits of the
case, T may vote against proceeding with the con-
sideration of this subject now; but the opinion
of the President, as expressed in his response, no
matter howgr« at may be the respect we enter-
tain for that high officer, cannot aflect the action
of the Senate in determining on the official re-
port of the facts. Suppose the President should
reply;, " No, he had not appointed him; lie did not
consider him appointed" 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the Senator
pardon me for a moment r The resolution has a
wider scope. The first inquiry was, whether he
had appointed the Senator from Kansas a briga- :
dier general; and if so, whether lie had accepted
the appointment. Now, the acceptance of the
appointment may depend upon facts peculiarly
within the knowledge of the President. A resig-
nation need not be in wining at ail; it need not
be recorded. A simple disavowal of the appoint-
ment of the President would render it null and
void; and, at the same time, such an answer as
that might be very important".
Mr. 'BRECKINRIDGE. Docs the Senator
from Indiana intimate that he has reason to be-
lieve that the President will send to the Senate
evidence, for example, that the Senator from
Kansas has resigned the appointment?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I really do not know;
that is what I sought to obtain. *
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to know
whether the Senator from Indiana, or the Sena-
tor before me, [Mr. Browning,] who has had a
personal interview on the subject with the Presi-
dent, is aware of any official facts not contained
in the report of the committee which he expects,
to be communicatcd to the Senate in the response
of the President? In regard to the letter referred
to by the Senator from Ohio, that, I suppose,
might be obtained at any time. It is before us
now. It is a very short letter from a subordinate
officer in the Government, open to our inspection
here, and may be read at the desk, and any Sen-
ator may see it. It would be perfectly useless to
postpone this matter, and allow the session to
close without determining it, .merely to have a
letter of a few lines from the Adjutant General
printed, when the letter is before the Senate now.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to protract
this debate. I simply wjsh to say that tnis is a
very important and delicate question, involving
the rights of the sitting member, the rights of the
contestant, the rights of the people of Kansas, the
rights of this body, and even the rights of the
Judiciary Committee, being a part of this body.
Now I, myself, feel inclined to favor the present
investigation of this matter,for this reason; if the
information sought from the President is of the
character referred to by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, if it be merely for the purpose of having
the opinion of the President of the United States,
it does not matter how important that opinion may
be, it ought not to influence the action of the Sen-
ate for one single minute, because we are not to
act upon the opinions of any one; and the com-
mittee, in making their report, have not acted
upon the opinion 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator will
pardon me, the resolution did not ask the Presi-
dent to give his opinion, but to state facts.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I say, if the object is to de-
rive an opinion upon the state of facts, then lam
opposed to the postponement for that purpose. If
the object be to ascertain and procure facts, then
I have fo say one word. I am sure the sitting
member will not complain of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, or of me, when I say that every oppor-
tunity and every facility which the committee had
in their power, was afforded, or designed to be
afforded, to the sitting membei for the purpose of
laying his facts before them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, rose.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Paulon mo, I know what
lam about to say—so far as regards matters in
this city. The Senator from Kansas was invited
to appear before the committee. lie asked for a
postponement to procure certain papers, or evi-
dence from Kansas, and the committee took that
matter into consideration. Now, the idea that
stnkeifmy mind 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator wilt per-
mit me for a moment. I do not desire to complain
of the Judiciary Committee; but I do think that
the^orresporidence 1 hold in my hand sl^ould have
been embraced in ihereportof the majority of the
committee. I have no doubt it was inadvertent.
I may not understand this case as well as the ma-
jority of the committee. Here is a letter that was
before that committee, from the Adjutant General;
and, with the pemnssion of the Senate, I will
)Cat' lt- Adjut\nt Genrral's ofmch,
Washington, July "Jo, 1801.
I am diiectod by the i^ccrctniv of War to mnund
von that, though appointed a bricadioi genoral of volunteers
by the President, on or about the :20th of Jane la-t, you have
never yet signified your acceptance or non-acceptance of
the appointment, a; tequired to do in the letter notifying
you of its having been confeued, and to add that, under the
encnmstances, jou cannot be nominated to the Senate.
I am, veiy respectfully, jour obPdicnt ^rv.mt,
Tv. THOMAS. ^h!/>iL(tnt General.
Hon. Jamfs II. Lane, United States Senate.
Here is the answer:
Washington City, July 28, 1881.
Sir : When the Kansas brigade is oigam/.ed a-- contem-
plated by the letter horn the Hceietaiy of VVui. directed to
me, of date 20th June, and when I nhall have ascertained
that my services are required bv the officers and men of that
brigade, then I will communicate with vour Department
on the subject of your note of July 26. It affords me pleasure
to inform you that the brigade is filling uprapidly, and will,
I hope, be ready to take the field by the 10th of August.
1 speak the desire of the Kansas congressional delegation,
when I request your Depmtment to postpone the appoint-
ment of brigadier general for the Kansas biigade until their
wishes as to their leader be ascertained and communi-
cated.
Youis truly, J. II. LANE.
Biigadier General Thomas, Adjutant General, U. S. Jl.
I concur. S. C. POMEUOY.
l>also concur. MARTIN F. CONWAY.
With the permission of the Senator from New
Jersey, I will make one other statement. The
appointment tendered to me was in anticipation of
the organization of a brigade. Before the ap-
pointment was tendered, the Secretary of War
had accepted two regiments upon my tender, to be
organized by rne. 1 informed the committee that
I desired to nave before them the original appoint-
ment, which was put into my hands, and passed
over to General Weir, and started to Kansas im-
mediately after it was issued. I feel very confi-
dent, and 1 say so here from my place in the
Senate, that the original appointment will befound
to differ from the appointment as printed in the
report of the committee. I asked for time to pro-
cure that appointment, and sent to General Weir
the following telegraphic dispatch:
Washington, July 19,1861.
To General William Weir, Leavenworth, Kansas.
Send me by return mail the paper about Brigadier Gen-
eral. J. H. LANE.
This dispatch sent this dav.
JOHN W. LUGF.NJ3EEL,
July 19, 186J. American Telegraph Company*
That original appointment has not been re-
ceived. The reason it has not been received you
can ascertain by looking at the telegraphic dis-
patches. General Weir is now in command of a
portion of that brigade in southwestern Missouri,
and the telegraphic dispatch has not been able to
reach him.
Again, with the consent of the Senator from
New Jersey—and I hope, until this question comes
up regularly, I shall not again ask the indulgence
of the Senate—I am chargcd in the report, by an
extract taken from a newspaper, with having
signed, as brigadiergeneral,appointmentstoColo-
nel Weir and Colonel Montgomery as colonels ot
two regiments of the brigade. I informed the com-
mittee, and I now inform the Senate, that I intended
to sign those papers as organizer of the regiments
under the authority of the letter of the Secretary
of War, and not as brigadier general.
Again, I am charged with having signed a cir-
cular 
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman will permit
me: he will find that the report mentions thut he
stated before the committee that he did not sign
that, paper as brigadier general. That is stated
in the report.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Another word, with
the permission of the Senator from New Jersey.
I drew up a rough draft of the body of that cir-
cular, and handed it to General Weir without sig-
nature. My name was not attached to it when it
left the city of Washington, much less the title
of brigadier general; and I say here, that I have
in no wise intended to use the title of brigadier
general, nor have I, in any instance, exercised
authority under that appointment. As to the re-
quisitions that are published here, they are merely
requests made by me as organizer of the two regi-
ments, informing the different Departments that
those two regiments would require certain articles
—not as brigadier general, I repeat, but as organ-
izer of the two regiments under the letter of the
Secretary of War agreeing to accept the same.
Mr. President, I state now (and 1 feel obliged
to the Senator from Now Jersey for the privilege
he has given me) that I have not accepted the ap-
pointment of brigadier general. As I informed
the committee, it was not my intention to accept
the appointment of brigadier general. I have
never intimated to any member of the Government
my acceptance of the appointment: but all under-
stood that whpn the brigade was filled, and when
the brigade had voted that they required my ser-
vices, then,and not till then, would I consider the
subject. That position I occupy to-day. If that
brigade signifies its desire to have me as their
loader, I shall deem it my duty to the people who
have sent me here, to accept that command; and
