1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
4*
amended by adding the words: "and for other
• ■"so as to make it read: " A bill to in-
purposes
crease the pay of the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates of the regular Army, vol-
unteers, marines, and seamen and ordinary sea-
men in the service of the United States, and for
other purposes."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 39)
to provide for holding the district and circuit
courts in judicial districts during a temporary
vacancy in the judgeship. *
The message further announced that the House
had passed tliu bill of the Senate (No. 54) requir-
ing an oath of allegiance, and to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, to be administered
to certain persons in the civil service of the Uni-.
ted States, with an amendment in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 49) to create a metropolitan
police district of the District of Columbia, and to
establish a police therefor; and
A bill (H. R. No. 87) authorizing additional
enlistments in the Navy of the United States.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
The bill (H. R. No. 103) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to pay the volunteers who, under
the command of Charles W. White, and by order
of Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted to
protect the railroad bridge and other property in
the vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Mary-
land, was read twice by its title, by unanimous
consent, in order to be considered hereafter.
INCREASE OF THE JSXGIXEER CORPS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
65) to authorize an increase in the corps of engi-
neers and topographical engineers.
The amendment of the House is, to add at the
end of the bill the following section:
Sec. 3. JIikI he it farther enacted, That the President of
tlie United Slates is lieieby authorized to appoint two ad-
ditional inspectors general of the United States Army, to
have the same tank and receive the same pay and allow-
ances as now provided by law for Inspectors general.
The amendment was concurred in.
OATH OP ALLEGIANCE.
Oil motion of Mr. TE1N EYCK, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
54) requiring an oath of allegiance, and to support
the Constitution of the United States, to be admin-
istered to certain persons in the civil service of t.ie
United States.  
The amendment of the House was, on page *!,
line seven, after the word " any," to insert the
words "justice of the peace, or notary public, or
other."
The amendment was concurred in.
SUSPENSION 01' A RULE.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the 26th rule of the Senate he suspended
for tlie residue oftlic piesent session.
The rule proposed to be suspended is the fol-
lowing:
" Jo Everv hill shall receive tin ee i eadinss previous to its
hems pa^ed, and the President shall g.ve notice at each
whether it lie the fiist, second, ortinrd; which leading^hall
he on three different (Ujs, unless the senate unamn.om, l>
direct otheiw.se. And .ill isolations pioposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, or to which t.ie appiobat.on .uid
signamie of the 1-iesideiit may be lequisite, oi winch u .i
glint mraiCN out of the contingent or any other land, shall
he tieated, "in all respects, in the mtioduction and loini or
proceedings oil them, in the Senate, in a similar iaaimei
with bills; and all other lesolutions shall he on the table
one dav for consideration, and al o repoits of eonimmtt .
A motion to suspend, or to concur in a resolution «1 II
Ilon,e to suspend, tlie 10th and 1 .til jointi lies, orenheo,
tliein, shall always hem oidei,be immediately eon&iuuca,
and be decided without debate.•'
COLLECTION 01? THE REVENUE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be lequested
to institute an inquiry, and to report at the next session of
Congress, what officers, if any, employed in the collection
and pioteetion of the revenue, may be discontinued with-
out detriment to the public service.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. ETKERiDGE,its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 9) in
relation to the Congressional Globe, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 69) to in-
crease the pay of the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates of the regular Army, vol-
unteers, marines, and seamen and ordinary sea-
men in the service of the United States, and for
other purposes, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 101) to promote the ef-
ficiency of the engineer and topographical engineer
corps, and for other purposes.
PAY OF THE TROOPS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
69) to increase the pay of the non-commissfoned
officers, musicians, and privates of the regular
Army, volunteers, marines, and seamen and or-
dinary seamen in the service of the United States,
and for other purposes.
The amendment of the House was to add the
following as an additional section:
Sec. 3. -Smi he it fuilhcr ci'actdl, That the piovisions of
the act entitled " An act for the leliet of the Ohio and other
volunteers," appiovcd July 91.1861, be, and the same are
hereby, extended to ail voluntecis mustered into the ser-
vice of the United Btates. whether for one, two, or three
years, or foi and during the war.
The amendment was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Onmotion ofMr. XIALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
While the Senate was til executive session, Mr.
Trumbull, at four o'clock, moved that the Sen-
ate take a recess till six o'clock, p. m.*, but the
motion was not agreed to.
The Senate remained in executive session for
eight hours; and the doors were reopened at a
quarter past ten o'clock.
WASHINGTON RAILWAY. .
The bill (S. No. G8) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Railway Company was read the second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CARLJLE asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 71) authorizing the Alex-
andria, Loudoun, and Hampshire railroad, to ex-
tend their road within the city of Washington;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
hour of -meeting.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjoin ns, it be to meet at
hall" past lime o'clock, to-moriow morning.
r vr oi' tiie troops.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the votcby^
which the Senate concurred m the amendment ot
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
G9) to increase the pay of the uon-comiinssioncd
officers, musicians, and piivatcs of the regular
Anny, volunteers, maiines, and seamen and oi-
dinary seamen in the servicc of tlie United States,
and for other purposes; and tlie motion was
agMi\ WILSON. I now move that the House
amendment and the bill be ordered to lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I" now ask leave to introduce
a new bill on the same subject, which is more
restricted and guarded.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (is. A o.
72) to increase the pay of the privates in the reg-
ular Army, and of the volunteers in the service
of the United States, and for other purposes;
which was read twice, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The bill proposes to in-
crease the pay of the privates to ■ th irteeii d o liars
a month; ana also extends the provisions tdi"'tb^
act " for the relief of the Ohio and other volun-
teers " to all volunteers, no matter for what term
of service they may have been accepted. . ' ■
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the Wll.iiy
adding the following as an additional section: .
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all the acts,proc-
lamations, and orders of the President of tlie United States
after the 4th of March, 1861, respecting tlie Army and Navy
of the United States, and calling out or relating to the.:mi-
litia or volunteers from tlie States, are hereby approved and
in all respects legalized and made valid to the same intent
and with the same effect as if they had been issued and done
under the previous express authority and direction of the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken-,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Cnitffe^
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolitfle, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyelc, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright,Kennedy, Pearce,
and Powell—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended)
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and was read the third time, and passed.
INCREASE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The bill (H. R. No. 104) to increase the num-
ber of the House of Representatives from and
after the 3d March, 1863, was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objection
prevents further action on the bill to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his objection to that bill, and
give us a vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not withdraw my
objection to the bill. I assure the Senator from
Rhode Island that I have as high regard for his
State as I have for any other, but I certainly will
not change a fundamental law, or one which has
been so regarded, merely for the benefit of Rhode
Island. I will not stand in the way of a fair vote
on tlie question.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is all I ask him to do,
to withdraw his objection to its consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be passed to-
"'mi-'. ANTHONY. It can be passed if the Sen-
ator from Ohio will assent to it. 1 do not ask the
Senator from Ohio to vote for the bill. I ask him
to withdraw his veto, the interposition of which
is the only thing that prevents its consideration.
I hope he will allow us to take the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon its going over
until to-morrow. It is a proposition to increase
the number of members of the House of Repro-
sentatives, merely for the purpose of representing
three or four fractions; and I give notice to gen-
tlemen that I shall move to increase it one more,
so that Ohio can have one for a fraction.
Mr. GRIMES. Ohio gets one under tins very
proposition. 1 have looked into it, and find that
the Stoics benefited by itaresix—'Vermont,Rhode
Island, Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, and Iowa.
Mi. SHERMAN. That was not claimed by
you before. ,
Mr. KING. This debate is out of order.
Mr. GRIMES. I am only stating this in rep V
to what the Senator himself stated when he told
me that this was to go to other States—Maryland,
South Carolina, Alabama, and so on. IheSta.cs
that are to be benefited are those that I have seated,
one of which the Senator represents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, lhe benator
from Ohio does not withdraw his objection, as
the Chair understands, to the third reading of the
blMr. SHERMAN. I will not make any objec-
tion to a vote on it to-morrow without any further
discussion. .
Mr. SIMMONS. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that, if he will withdraw his objection
now, he can make any amendment he pleases.
Mr. BINGHAM. Hecannot make any amend-
ment. It is too late.
