1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like to
inquire whether it is in order, in any form, for
the Committee for, the District of Columbia to
make such a statement of this matter as will make
it intelligible to the House?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in onjjgr on a
motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted therefor.)
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is it in order to
move to record the vote by which the rules were
suspended?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, then reported the bill to the
House.
The bill constitutes the corporations of "Wash-
ington and Georgetown, and the county of Wash-
ington outside of the limits of the corporations,
for the purposes of this act, one district, to be called
the Metropolitan Police District of the District
of Columbia, and enacts that, immediately upon
the passage of the act, and thereafter from time
to time, as required by the act, there shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
five commissioners of police, who shall be the
chief officers of the metropolitan police district,
and who shall severally possess and perform
therein the powers and duties authorized and en-
joined by the act. The commissioners, together
with the Mayors of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown ex officio, to form the board of police
for the district; and a majority of them to consti-
tute a quorum of such board for the transaction
of business; three of the commissioners to be ap-
pointed from the city of Washington; one from
Georgetown, and one from the county of Wash-
ington at large, for the term of three years, and
until their successors are appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President. The
police force is to consist of a superintendent of po-
lice, ten sergeants of police, and such number of
police patrolmen as the board may deem neces-
sary, not exceeding, for the regular service, one
hundred and fifty. The offices created for the
police force arc to be severally filled by appoint-
meutfrom theboaidof police;and each person so
appointed h; to hold oMce only during such time
as lie shall faithfully observe and execute ail the
iules and regulations of the board, the laws of the
United States, and the laws or ordinances exist-
ing within the district, enacted by the city or county
authorities within the same, and which laws or
ordinances apply to such part of the district where
the members of the police force may be on duty.
It invests the board of police with all the powers
now conferred bylaw upon the Mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown in respect to ordering mil-
itary assistance in aid of the civil authorities to
quell riots, suppress insurrection, protect prop-
erty, and preserve the public tranquillity.
Mr. TRAIN demanded the previous question
upon the tUird reading of the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. This isasome-
whot extraordinary proceeding, and it is not ve-
maikablc,therefore,tliatl should desire to trouble
the Chair with questions in relation to it. What
1 would now like to know is, whether there is
any mode or manner by which the information
can be brought to the House, that this is a bill
that ou^ht not to pass?
The SPEAKER. None that the Chair can sug-
gest. The rules have been suspended, and the
previous question demanded on the third reading
of th'1 bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oruered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAINTENANCE OV TIIE UNION.
Mr. CALVERT offered the following resolu-
tion :
That whilst it is the (liny of Congress, by appropriate
leffiji'ut'on, to strengthen tiio handset Government in its
eihiiu to maintain the Union and enfoiee the supremacy
oi the laws, it K  >« less our duty to examine into the oii-
g.nal causes of our dimensions, and to apply such remedies
as are b<wt calculated to restore peace and union to the
eountiv: Tiietcfore, it is
Resolved^ (The Senate coneuriing herein,) That a joint
committee, to consist of nine members of tins House and
four members of the Senate, be appointed to consider and
report to Congress such amendments to the Constitution
and laws a3 may be necessary to restore mutual confidence
and insure a more perfect arid durable union amongst these
States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is that resolution debatable?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to debate it.
The SPEAKER No debate is in order pend-
ing the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CALVERT called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith P. Uailey, Baker, Baxter, lUngham, Francis V.
Blan, Samuel S. Blair. Blake, Buftmton, Claik* Colfax,
Fiederick A. Conklmg, itoscoe (Jonkhng, Conway, Dunn,
Edwaida, Eliot, Fenton, Fesscnden, Frank, Goodwin,
Gi anger, Gut ley, Hale, Harrison, Hntchins, Julian, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, McKean, MeKnight, McPherson, Moorhend,
Anson P. Morrill. Ju«tin S. Morrill, Olin, Pike, Poiter,
Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John U. liice, Riddle, Edward
H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger,
Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens,Benjamin F. Thomas*,
Train, Tumble, Trowbridge, Van Ilorne, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. YValton, Albert S.
White, Windom, and Woicester—72.
NAYS—Mest-rs. Allen, Anconu, Joseph Baily, George
II. Browne, Calvert,Cox,Cravens, Cris-field, Duiilap, Eng-
lish, Fisher, Fouke, Gnder, llaight, Hardin", Uorton,
Johnson, Law, Leaiy, Logan, May, McCleiuand, Morris,
NoWe, Odell, Pendleton, Phelps Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Shell, Smith,William G. Steele,Fiancis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, and
Wiekhfic—39.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. G3) making appropriations for
fortifications, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) requesting the
President of the United States to recommend a
day of public humiliation, fasting, and prayer.
TIIE CIVIL WAR.
Mr. MAY offered the following resolution:
Whereas the Government of the United States of Amer-
ica was cieated by its written Constitution, and derived
ltd first powcia alone fiom the consent of the people, as
contained m that mstiumcnf, and it has no other powers,
and loici* and aims can neither preserve nor righttully be
permitted to violate it under any authority whatsoever ;
and whereas Washington and other gteat sages and pa-
tuots, who founded our General Government, solemnly
warning their countrymen, predicted its destruction liom
the establishment of a sectional political party ; and they
also entreated a spirit of compromise whenevei necessary
to picserve the Union; and whereas a civil war now ex-
ists among the States which have been united, and which,
having already piostrated the peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness ot the people, and destroyed many valuable citizens,
now threatens their destruction in countless numbeis, and
by its. inevitable tendency, if not necessity, the final over-
throw of ftee constitutional government: Therefoie,
1. Be it resolved, That the success of the Republican
paity, founded, as it is,on a sectional, social, and political
question, is justly lesponsible for the oiigni of our present
national nusibituncs.
2. That the uncompromising spirit hitherto manifested
by the ropiest-ntativrs of that paity has piovented a peace-
ful oompiomiscand adjustment of qui unhappy difficulties
when the same wa- practicable.
3. That it the present war continues, the only safety and
refuge of constitutional  overnmentand civil liberty will be
fouwl in the constitutions and soveieignty ot the several
State-,, and ai'tei wards through them, the only hope ot a
fuiuic and more hdiiuonious recousttueuon of the Union.
4. That it is impossible by arms to subjugate the people
of the seceded Slates, united as they are m such uumbers,
so fully prepared and resolved, and actuated by moti\e 
which ropiesent the just pride and dignity of equals, of
named freemen, of Amciican citizens; and also believing,
as they do to a man, that State, homo, wito,childien, prop-
erty, ail and eveiysecuiitj and benefit ot Government is at
stake, and that the most cruel and meieiless means, torced
by the necessities ot an exhausting and desolating wai, are
to he employed a<*ain*>t them.
5. Tiiatm view "of all these public calamities, and to avoid
them, leeognizmi? the necessities which control hum m
affair*, as our father of the Revolution did, itbecotnes the
dntyot Congress, before it clo-es h-s piesent session, to
provide for the appointment of commissioners topioeureau
a; mi xtice between the contendiugannies,and restote peace
at all event'; and who shall be empowered to arrange a
compromise to preset ve the Union, if possible ; but if not,
then a peaceful sepai ation of the icspective States ot the
Union, as well such as now claim to have seceded, as others
wlueh'mav by the sovereign will of then citizens also heie-
aftcr ordain to r-eccdp; and that the said commissioners be
solemnly enjoined so to conduct their negotiations as to
obtain, if possible, in the future, a happy, harmoniousjand
perpetual reconstruction of our Union of States. * *
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it must go over.
Mr. MAY. I move to suspend the rules, f&r
the purpose of allowing the resolution to be con-
sidered at this time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise a question upon the
reception of the resolution, that it is not within
the order adopted by the Ilouseat the commence-
ment of the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land moves to suspend the rules, which is in
order, it being within the .last- ten days of the
session.
Mr. MAY demanded the yeas and nays upon
his motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
seven members having; voted therefor.
Mr. ARNOLD. Is it in order to move to lay
the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolution is
not before the House.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended (two thirds not having voted thex-e-
for.)
TREASONABLE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That at a time when an armed rebellion is
threatening the integrity of the Union and the overthrow
of the Government, any and all resolutions or recommend-
ations deigned to make terms with armed rebels, are either
cowardly or treasonable.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to de-
bate that resolution.
Mr. DIVEN. I have not yielded the floor. I
demand the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution. ^
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I proposed to de-
bate it before the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor by courtesy, having
offered the resolution. The question is on the
reception of the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to suspend the rules for
the introduction of the resolution.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 23.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum voting,
and the Chair will order tellers.
Messrs. Vallandigham and Bingham were
appointed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That res-
olution impugns the motives of members of the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is neither cow.
ardly nor treasonable for the stronger to propose
terms of peace to the weaker. The resolution is
unjust, unfounded, and offensive.
Mr. MoCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his resolution.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 36.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
resolution was not received.
* NEW POST 110AD.
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-^t Roads be instructed to inqune into the propiiety of
establishing anew mail route from Moileytown to New
Bloomfield, m the eonnty of Perry, State of Pennsylvania.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received, and adopted.
BILLS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
offer a resolution which concerns every member
of this House; and when it is read, if the House
will permit me, I will make a brief explanation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Journals, bills, and all other matter
ordered to be printed foi the use of member. shall, soon
as printed, one copy of each be laid upon the desk of each
member on the morning piior to the meeting ot the House.
There was no objection to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me explain this mat-
ter. I believe there is but one member present,
Mr. Speaker, who served with me in Congress
