1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kellogg, of Illinois, to suspend the rules, the
tellers resumed their places.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 3—no quorum voting. '
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. In order to re-
lieve the House from this difficulty, I withdraw
my resolution.
CONTINUANCE 01? THE WAR.
Mr. ALLEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Revalued, That whenever the people of the disloyal States
sha[t cease theirrebeiiion against the General Government
and become Joyal and law-abiding citizens, the present
war should cease; that, in the judgment of this House, it
is no part of the object of the present war to interfere with
the institution of slavery in any of the slaveholding States
of this Union.
Objection was made.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio if the principle of this resolu-
tion is not precisely the same as that of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Kentucky, which
this House adopted, almost unanimously, the
other day?
Mr. ALLEN. It is not. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattok,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed'a bill of this House (No 87) to authorize
additional enlistments in the Navy of the United
States, with amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of this House to the bill of the Senate (No.
25) confiscating property used for insurrectionary
purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution (No. 16) authorizing an examination of
James's projectiles for rifled cannon; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence ofthe House.
NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF TIIB HOUSE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, a bill fixing the
number of members of the House of Represent-
atives, from and after the 3d of March, 18G1.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire if it is the
intention of the gentleman to ask the considera-
tion of that bill at this time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to put
it upon its passage. I think there is no objection
to it, and when the gentleman understands it, he
will not object.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object. I do not know
what the bill is. I do not desire to object cap-
tiously to any measure presented here, but I de-
sire to say that, by the act of 1850, the apportion-
ment was regulated, and I desire to seethe number
of Representatives assigned to the States of this
Union by that act. I do not desire to see that
law changed, when there is no opportunity given
for a fair consideration ofthe question.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman is mistaken
in his impressions of the effect of this bill. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. PHELPS. I will say that no election,
under the laws of the several Sates, can take
place for members of the next Congress until
August, 1862; and there is time to consider it
next winter.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that under the order restricting our busi-
ness, it is not legitimate to pass that bill. It does
not relate to the Army, the Navy, or the war.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
suspend all the rules.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg
of Illinois, and Alley, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes S6, noes 7.
So the rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, then reported the
bill fiom the Committefe on the Judiciary, and
moved the previous question upon its engross-
ment and third reading.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not desire to raise a ques-
tion upon the engrossment and third reading; but
I hope the gentleman will give us the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill upon the
table. I desire to show my opposition to it.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to take up from
the Speaker's table House bill No. 87, with the
Senate amendments thereto, for the purpose of
agreeing to the amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill and
amendments were taken up for consideration.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Line ten, after the word " seamen," insert " andand
after the word " boys," strike out the words "and marines."
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the Senate
amendments be concurred in; and on that I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agred to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed an act (H. R. No. 55) supple-
mentary to an act entitled " An act to protect the
commerce of the United States, and to punish flie
crime of piracy;" and
An act to provide for an increase of revenue
from imports; and for other purposes.
james's projectiles.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table joint res-
olution (S. No. 16) authorizing an examination
of James's projectiles for rifled cannon.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to allow
Charles T. James, of Providence, Rhode Island,
to rifle one of the large ordinary Navy guns, and
have it tested sufficiently to settle the question of
the capacity to use rifled projectiles without dan-
ger, and also to direct such experiments as may
be necessary to ascertain the relative and com-
parative value of said projectiles and cannon thus
rifled.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the previous question
on the third reading of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation,
the joint resolution was ordered to be read athird
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to takefrom
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 65.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 65)
to authorize an increase in the corps of engineers
and topographical engineers was taken from the
Speaker's table and read. It proposes to add to
each of the corps of engineers and topographical
engineers, by regular promotion of their present
officers, two lieutenant colonels and four majors.
It also proposes to add to the corps of topograph-
ical engineers one company of soldiers, to be
commanded by appropriate officers of the corps,
to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and
other allowances, and to be entitled to the «amo
benefits in every respect as the company created
by the act " for the organization of a company of
sappers and miners and pontoniers," approved
May 16,1846.
Mr. BLAIR., of Missouri. I am = directed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to offer the foh-
lowing amendment, as an additional section:;
Sec. 3. Jlnd be il^urther enacted, That the I'resideniof
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point two additional inspectors general ofthe United States
Army, to have the same rank and receive the same pay and
allowances-as are now provided by law for inspectors
general. - - . .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. This bill, as I understand,
proposes an increase of two field officers to the
engineer corps and the topographical corps of
engineers, and also two inspectors general, and
does not propose an increase of the captains and
subalterns of those two corps, unless that hfts
been done by preceding legislation at this session
of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman that that has been already done by pre-
ceding legislation. This bill, substantially, has
passed the House three times.
Mr. PHELPS. Not being aware of the legis-
lation that has taken place this session, it appeared
to me that this bill was merely an addition of two
field officers to the two corps of engineers, with-
out an increase of captains and subalterns. It
seemed to me wrong in that particular; but if there
has been a corresponding increase of captains and
subalterns, I have no objection.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There has been.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VACANCIES IN DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. PORTER asked leave to report from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments,
the bill (S. No. 39) to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts in judicial districts, dur-
ing a temporary vacancy in the judgeship.
The bill was read. It provides that, in case of
vacancy in the office of district judge in'any State
where there are two judicial districts, it shall be
lawful for the district judge of the other district
of the State to hold the court of such vacated
district in the adjoining district; and itgives effect
and validity to all acts and proceedings of such
court.
Mr. PORTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary has directed me to report an amendment as
an additional section, declaring that the district
courts of the United States shall have concurrent
jurisdiction with the circuit courts of the United
States of all causes and offenses against the laws
of the United States, and repealing all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this provision.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 think the gen-
tleman had better withdraw that amendment, and
let the bill pass as it came from the Senate. I
have no objection to that.
Mr. PORTER. The amendment is merely to
give the district courts jurisdiction in capital
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It proposes a very
great change in the jurisprudence of the United
States, as it has existed for some seventy years;
and I submit that, without a quorum, and in this
hasty manner, it should not be acted on.
Mr. PORTER. I think no inconvenience will
result from the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
insists on his amendment, I will object to the
reception of the report.
Mr. PORTER. I understand that the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw his objection if I
withdraw the amendment. I ask leave to do so,
in order that the bill may be put upon its passage.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 would like to have the
privilege of saying to the House 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the conscnt of the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am very sorry,
but I must object.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. PORTER moved the previous question on
the third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be read a.third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
