1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
own bottom." This is, as was well remarked by
the Senator from Indiana, a peculiar case, and I
hope he will not press others upon it to embar-
rass it.
• Mr. BRIGHT. We can vote on that after-
wards, and not embarrass this.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should like to know what
there is peculiar in this ease beyond that of any
other employe of the Senate. It is true, he was
the oldest, and had been in the employment of the
Senate about twenty-five years; one gentleman
says thirty years. He received over four thou-
sand dollarsa year, making more than one hundred
thousand dollars that he has received from the
Treasury of the country. Now, these other em-
ployes, the pages, doorkeepers, and messengers,
whom we have turned out, have not received any-
thing like that sum; and they have just as good
a claim on the Senate, when we dismiss them, as
the Secretary. If the Secretary ought to be paid,
Jie ought to be kept in office. We ought not to
be paying two Secretaries at the same time; but
if we are to do this with him, I do not see why
we should not do the same thing'with the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, the messengers, and all the other
officers we have been dismissing during the pres-
ent session.
Mr. President, it seems to me this is setting a
bad example. It is establishing a system of pen-
sioning on the civil list. We have been pension-
rag, during this session, those on the military and
naval list, and we are now beginning at the civil
list. If you pension your Secretary, whom you
have had in your service over twenty years, and
who has received a quarter more pay than Sena-
tors, why not pension the widow of the late Senator
Douglas? Why not have it understood that, when
Senators go outof office, they shall be pensioned,
because they do not get as much pay here as the
Secretary got? I oppose this thing on principle;
not because I have anything against Mr.Dickins,
or any of the late employes of the Senate; but I
think Senators ought to pause, in the present con-
dition of the Treasury, before they begin to make
disbursements so liberally, giving away money
lierp and there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, which I suppose is designed to defeat the
original proposition, because I am opposed to the
whole proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Chandler, Cowan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Latliam, McDougaU, Polk, Powell, Rice, and Sauls-
iniiy—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Browning,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, DooJittlc, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Hauis, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas. Moriill,
Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, T(jn Eyck, Trumbull, Wad %
Wilkinson, Willey, WiJmot, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no other
amendment be moved, the question will be on the
resolution a-s amended.
4 Mr. BINGHAM. It would be pretty easy for
me now to defeat the measure; but it is apparent
that a majority of the Senate want to pass the
resolution in the confusion of the last hours of
the session, and I shall content myself simply
with asking for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Breckinridge, Bright, Brown-
ing, Clark. CoMamcr, Cowan, Divon, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harris, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Mc-
DougaU, Morrill, Polk, Powell, ltice, Saulsbury, Simmons,
Sunnier, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilinot, and Wil-
son—'.28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Doolittle, Howe,
King, Lane,of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Ten Eyck, and
Wilkinson—9.
So the resolution was adopted.
NUMBER OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill lying on
the table relative to the apportionment of Repre-
sentatives in the House of Representatives.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to make a report.
Mr. GRIMES. I am afraid I shall lose my
right to tho floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to take up House bill No. 104,
fixing the number of the House of Representa-
tives from and after the 3d of March, 1863.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the bill is likely to
occupy some time, X ask the Senator from Iowa
to allow me to move that the Senate take up House
bill No. 86, which is a short bill—I think of one
page—and I think it is somewhat important that
it should pass. It is a bill to punish persons for
enlisting troops for the southern confederacy in
the northern States. It will take but a moment,
I think, to pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. This is a bill of very great
importance. It was passed by an almost unani-
mous vote through the House of Representatives,
and I apprehend it will not take oyer fifteen min-
utes to pass it here.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a privileged motion. I
am directed by the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate to
report a resolution in regard to the pay and mile-
age of the contesting Senator from Kansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is nota
privileged question. The question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa to take up the bill
indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS AGAINST TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate now to
take up House bill No. 86.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (-H.R.
No. 86) to punish certain crimes against the Uni-
ted States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It makes it a misdemeanor, punishable
by fine and imprisonment, for any person to re-
cruit soldiers or sailors in any State or Territory
of the United States, to engage in armed hostility
against the United States, or for any person to
volunteer or enlist for such service.
Mr. POWELL. I ask how often that bill has
been read? I think it has been read but once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been twice read, and is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and is not liable to ob-
jection by a single individual. It is in the control
of the majority.
Mr. POWELL. My understanding is, that I
objected to the second reading of that bill yester-
day; but I may be mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can state to the Senator
from Kentucky how it was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
speaks from the record; it has been read twice
already.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I reported it back yester-
day from the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the Senator then objected to action on it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to a third reading. It was read the third time,
arid passed.
AKKEST OF BALTIMORE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. POWELL. I presented a resolution the
other day in relation to the arrest and imprison-
ment of Charles Howard, William H. Gatchell,
and John W. Davis, police commissioners of the
city of Baltimore. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary reported back the memorial of these three
persons, and asked to be discharged. I gave no-
tice that I would move to refer the matter back to
the committee, and instruct them to report the
resolution which I submitted. I send it to the
table, and ask to have it read.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to allow me to make a report in regard to
a citizen of his State.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to taking up the
question referred to by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on taking it up,
Mr, POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I ask to have the resolution
read before the vote is taken.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
tteiolvei, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
Charles Howard, William H. Gatchell, and John W. Davis,
and the memorial of the Mayor and City Council of Balti-
more, relative to the suspension of the functions of the board
of police of that city.
Mr. POWELL. I desire the resolution which
I presented to be read.
The PRESIDENT prolempore. Does the Sen-
ator offer an amendment to the resolution reported
by the committee ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENTprtoiempore. Theproposed
amendment will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that it is not
competent to amend the report of a committee in
that way, where the committee merely ask to be
discharged from the consideration of a subject.
Itrs not competent for one of the members to move
an amendment to that resolution.
Mr. WADE, and others. The question is on
taking it up.
The PRESIDENTjwo tempore. The proposi-
tion intended to be offered by the Senator from
Kentucky as an amendment will be read to the
Senate for information.
The Secretary read the proposition of Mr.
Powell, as follows:
Whereas the Constitution of tho United States declares
that no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause, sup-
ported by oath or affirmation ; that no citizen shall be de-
prived of his liberty without due process of law, and that
the accused shall enjoy the right of a speedy trial by a jury
of the district where the offense was committed: and
whereas Charles Howard, William H. Gatchell, and John
W. Davis, citizens of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland,
were, on the 1st day of July, 1861, seized without warrant,
and without any process of law whatever, by a body of
soldiers of the Army of the United States, by order of Major
General Banks, alleged to have been made in pursuance of
orders issued from the headquarters of the Army at Wash-
ington, and were removed by foree and against their will
from their homes to Fort McIIenry, where they have ever
since been, and now are, confined as prisoners; and whereas
the said military officer, without wanantdr authority oflaw.
superseded and suspended the official functions of the saia
Charles Howard and others, members of the board of policed
of Baltimore; and whereas the constitutional privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus has been treated with contempt,
and a military officer fthe predecessor of General Banks)
has taken upon himself the responsibility of willful dis-
obedience to the writ, thereby subordinating the civil to the
military power, thus violating and overthrowing the Con-
stitution of the United States, .and setting up in its stead a
military despotism; and whereas the Congjess of the Uni-
ted States regards the acts aforesaid as clear and palpable
violations of the Constitution of the United States, and
destructive to the liberties of a free people: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the arrest and imprisonment of Charles Howard, William
H. Gatchell, and John W. Davis, without warrant and pro-
cess ot law, is unconstitutional and illegal; and they should,
without delay, be released, or their case remitted to the
judicial tribunals, to be lawfully heard and determined.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up this subject for consideration; on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered. The
Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Johnson of Mis-
souri, Latham, Polk. Powell, and Saulsbury—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Browning,
Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Collamei, Cowan. Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Howe, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
DougaU, Pomeroy. Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Evck, Trumbull, V^ade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wiimot, and
Wilson -33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to take up the joint
resolution (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm cer-
tain acts of the President for suppressing insurrec-
tion and rebellion. I notify Senators that I want
a vote on this subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to my friend
from Wisconsin to withdraw that motion, to al-
low an order to be made to print a communica-
tion in regard to the contested seat of the Senator
from Kansas. I objected till the Senator from
Connecticut came in. I hope he will allow that
order to be made, so that we may print the mes-
sage of the President.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that being done by unanimous consent; but I can-
not yield the floor for any purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeBy unani-
mous "consent, the order to print will be made.
