1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentlemen from Kentucky and the Senator from
Missouri have made their fight on this resolution
and been heard at length. They are responsible
for the delay. I did not come here intending to
say a word, but tovoteonly. I was only induced
to say anything at all because of the course of the
Opposition.
Mr. POLK. This resolution is on its passage;
it is not amendable; I recollect that fact well be-
cause it was up on the first day that business of
that character was to be transacted by the Senate,
and I wished to give some views to the Senate on
the subject, and an attempt was made to have it-
put over. The Senate refused it, and I postponed
any remarks until the resolution was on its pas-
sage, after all amendments had been made. Then,
sir, when it was impossible to do anything else,
and when a postponement was refused by the
Senate, the Senator from California [Mr. Mc-
Dougall] voting for it and making a speech
against the postponement, I addressed the Sen-
ate. The resolution was then on its passage, and
it was the very last moment at which I could get
the floor. Subsequently we have seen how it has
been made a foot ball, continued over from time
to time; first one day and then another, and then
another. Now we come to the very last moment
of the session, and I am opposed to anything that
will postpone it. Let us vote directly and squarely
on it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, one thing
is very obvious; and that is, that our friends on
the other side of the Chamber are exceedingly
anxious not to have this question voted on, but to
have an opportunity to say that we were afraid to
vote on it. That now seems to be perfectly mani-
fest to the Senate. They expect to get some ad-
vantage somehow from the argument to the people.
So far as I am concerned, 1 am perfectly willing
that they should have it all, for my observation
has been that nothing is made out of such trifles.
They amount to nothing one way or the other.
The only question in my mind has been, from
the beginning, whether there was any practical
utility in this resolution. X have thought that there
was; and I will say to Senators on the otherside,
that from the beginning, although I did not like
the phraseology of the resolution in some respects,
and should prefer to amend it, I have been will-
ing, and I am now ready to vote for it just as it
is, without crossing a t or dotting an i. There is
nothing in it that I cannot vote for; and I believe
there is nothing in it that the Senators on this side
of the Chamber (although some of them would
prefer to amend it and change the phraseology in
aome particulars) cannot and are not willing to
vote for. But, sir, my declaration to that effect
will go for nothing, ifit is not acted 011. There is
the argument. [ am perfectly willing that the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber, so far
as they are able, may make what they can of it,
whether it takes one course or another. I do not
attach importance enough to it to be troubled about
it, either in one aspect of the case or the other.
The truth is, that the people understand very well
the argument made on such questions from be-
ginning to end, as a general rule, and I have no
sort of apprehension that they will be deceived
about it. . .
If the Senate choose to come to a vote on this
subject, 1 am ready to vote, and to vote for the
passage of the resolution, although I think it is
of no sort of use to pass it here at this late hour,
because i£ cannot pass the House of Represent-
atives. There is 110 time to pass it there.
Mr. WILSON. I think the other House will
pass it. . , ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there is a
quorum there, and hence I do not suppose it will
pass that body. It would if there were a quorum
present, and the House could have a vote.
Now, sir, I say that this case is not exactly
as it has been stated by Senators on the other
side. We have been ready to act on this resolu-
tion; and I assert that the Senators on the other
side of the Chamber have been contesting it from
the beginning. The resolution does not propose
legislation—1 meaneogentiaUegislation;ami when
we brought in this resolution, we brought 111 also
bills of very great importance, that it was abso-
lutely essential to pass at this sessiofi. The Sen-
ators made fight upon this, and they asked us, with
a good deal of shrewdness,   why not proceed
with legislation that had some practical result.
why be pushing this ? why not give us time on
this?" They asked for time to address the Senate
on it. They obtained it, not from courtesy, but
as a matter of right, although we were not dis-
posed to push it beyond reason. The Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] I believe, on this
resolution, had a postponement for three several
days, and he notified us that he had an argument
to make upon the subject. We all know that
when that Senator makes an argument, it is worth
listening to; there is a great deal of it, and it is
good, what there is of it. We expected that, and
waited for that, and were disposed to gratify the
Senator, although he was disposed to yield all the
time if we would not touch it; he did. not care
about speaking if we did not trouble ourselves to
take it up. I was one of those who thought, and
think still, that absolute, positive legislation in
this state of the country was of more importance
than this resolution. It was not that we were not
willing and ready to vote on the resolution at any
moment, but we could notforce it down the throats
of the minority if we would, and we would not if
we could.
Mr. POLK. I suppose the Senator means to
be accurate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
Mr. POLK. The argument that the Senator
from Delaware wished to make was not on this
resolution, but on the bill reported by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, in regard to
sedilion and insurrection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He claimed the right to
make his argument 011 this resolution.
Mr. POLK. And he did make a speech on this
resolution. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. He claimed to make it for
three successive days on this resolution.
Mr. POLK. And he did make it on this res-
olution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it has not been
made to this day.
Mr. POLK. I am not in error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Delaware says you are.
Mr. BAYARD. I did speak on this resolu-
t'011- . „ -,
Mr. POLK. That is )ust what I said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'The Senator from Dela-
ware claimed to make another argument on this
question.  
Mr. POLK. The speech he claimed to make,
and was waiting to make, was on the bill reported
by the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. , ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. There never has been a
time when the gentlemen on the other side have
conceded that the debate was olosed on this res-
olution, so far as they were concerned. It has
been closed on our side.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It does not seem to
be closed yet on that side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not arguing on the
resolution itself; I am simply answering the point
which my friends on the other side—I say it with
all respect—are endeavoring to make upon us with
respect to the resolution. While I deny that, and
deny the inference they would draw from it, I re-
peat again that I do not care a rush whether they
have the benefit of the argument or not; and for
myself, I am perfectly ready to vote on the reso-
lution, and to vote on it at any moment the ques-
tion is presented. _
Mr. DIXON. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to offer a resolution, which I will send
to the Secretary to be read for information. I
think there will be no objection to it at this time.
I offer it by direction of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection ? , . , ,
Mr. BINGHAM. Objection being made, and
it requiring unanimous consent, the resolution
cannot be considered at the present time.
Mr. DIXON. Does it require unanimous con-
sent to have it read for information?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to suspend the consideration
of any business pending before the Senate, even
to read a resolution for information. By unani-
mous consent, the resolution will be read for in-
formation .
Mr, BINGHAM. I object. . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the joint
resolution of the Senate No. 1 is still before, the
Senate. ■ - • ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is very anxious for .a
vote on this subject. I am not willing thata vote
should be taken, under the misapprehensions
which seem to,exist in the Chamber, and the im-
position which will be practiced by it upon the
country. The Senator from Kentucky has, on sev-
eral occasions, very good-naturedly alluded to
this as being the " pet measure" of this side of
the Chamber; that it was brought forward at an
early day, and matured, and then there was an
indisposition to vote upon it; that we were all for
it, our " pet measure; matured and brought in
here, one would think, by some general under-
standing. Now, I desire to say—and I desire to
say it in part because of what has fallen fi'omthe
Senator from Maine, who has undertaken to speak
for this side of the Chamber, as he supposed-
there never was a moment, from thctime the res-
olution was introduced up to this hour, that it
could have received my vote. It never was ma-
tured as a party measure—never. It is an entire
misapprehension. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, I believe, reported it from a committee, and
has urged it; but that it has been any " pet meas-
ure," or anything that everybody was bound to
vote for, whether he liked it or disliked it, is an
entire misapprehension.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was not reported from
a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems it never was be-
fore a committee. It is an individual proposition
brought in here. Now what authority is there
for undertaking to assume that this is a pet meas-
ure of any party in the country ?
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I will say it was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was just informed that
it was not reported from that committee, but was
brought in by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts on
his individual responsibility. I have not looked
into the record. I do not know how that may
have been, nor is it important.
I desired to say this much, that there might be
no misapprehension either in the minds of gen-
tlemen on the other side, or in the country in
reference to this matter, and that——
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, my friend is clam-
orous. He cannot keep still. He says " let us
have a vote." I am not disposed to vote upon
the resolution. I will tell the Senator from Ken-
tucky I am not prepared to vote for the resolution,
and it is not going to pass withoutconsideration.
It is not going to pass in the shape it is by my
approbation.
Mr. KING.' Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to make a motion to go into executive
session ? There is some business in executive
session that ought to be disposed of.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield to my friend
from New York, whom I never could resist, for
he is nearly always right; and I give way to a
motion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. KING. I make that motion.
CONTINUANCE OP BUSINESS TO NEXT SESSION.
Mr. FOSTER. Before that motion is put, I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
up a resolution, which I offered the other day, m
reference to continuing the business of the Senate
to the next session, wnich it is important should
pass. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hai-e] at that time objected _
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object.
Mr. FOSTER. I make the motion. I he ben-
ator from New Hampshire objected to it at the
time; but I presume he has examined it, anu is
quite aware it ought to be passed. _ _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 his is a res-
olution touching the general order of business of
the Senate, and as such is entitled to privilege.
Is objection offered to its consideration ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I witndraw my ob-
■'e'rhere being flo objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution; and it was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That all snhjeoti hefore the Senate at the close
of the present session, including those before committees,
