1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following resolution:
Resolted, (the Senate concurring,) That the present ses-
sion be extended until twelve o'clock and thirty minutes,
p. in., this day.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and concurred in.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed a bill (S. No. 25) to confiscate property
used for insurrectionary purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 103) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay the volunteers who, under the
command of Charles W. White, and by order of
Brigadier General T, A. Morris, enlisted to pro-
tect the railroad Ibridge and other property in the
vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Maryland;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 105) to provide for the pay-
ment to Arnold Willett, for bread, &c., and Henry
Worth, for wood, provided for the United States
volunteers for Maryland.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
TERMINATION OF THE SESSION. '
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
the Senate to join such committee as may be appointed by
the House of .Representatives, to wait on the Piesident of
the United J3tate&,and inform him that unless lie may have
any further communication to make, the two Houses are
now ready to adjourn.
Mr. Doolittle, and Mr. Johnson of Tennes-
see, were appointed.
Mr. BAKER stated that he had declined to
accept the office of brigadier general, tendered to
him by the President of thft United States. He
considered it his duty to make this statement, as
the subject had been spoken of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the committee ap-
pointed to wait upon the President of the United
States, and inform him that unless he may have
any further communication to make, the two
Houses of Congress are now ready to adjourn,
reported that the committee had performed the
duty assigned them, and that the President replied
that he had no further communication to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced that
the hour fixed by the joint resolution of the two
Houses for the adjournment of Congress had
arrived, and declared the Senate adjourned with-
out day.  __
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 6, 1861.
The House metateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move that the
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, covering a copy of a letter from
Hon! Joseph Holt, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 27th
ultimo, requesting the reasons forassembling the
United States troops at the seatof Govcrnmentof
the United States; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 13th ultimo, cov-
ering a copy of the several reports which have
been made by General Harney, during his com-
mand of the United States forces in the State of
Missouri.
CALIFORNIA PRIVATE LANI> CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. • I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 60, relative to the
California private land claims.
The bill was read. It provides that, in all cases
of appeal which have been taken, or may here-
after be taken, by both parties from either of the
district courts of California to the Supreme Court
of the United States in proceedings to ascertain
and settle private land claims under the provis-
ions of the act of March 3, 1851, and in proceed-
ings upon the survey and location of confirmed
private land claims in California under the pro-
vision of the act of June 14,1860, a transcript of
the record filed in the Supreme Court by either
party on his appeal may be used on both appeals;
and whenever in such cases one rccord shall
have been, or may hereafter be, filed by either
party in the Supreme Court, both appeals shall
be heard thereon by the court in the same manner
as if records had been filed by the appellants in
both cases. It further provides that the district
attorney of the United States of any district in
California may transcribe and certify to the Su-
preme Court of the United States the records of
the district court of his proper district in all land
cases wherein the United Slates is a party, upon
which appeals have been or may be taken to the
Supreme Court; and records so certified by such
district attorney under his hand, and filed in the
Supreme Court, shall be taken as true and valid
transcripts, to the same intent and purpose as if
certified by the clerk of the proper district court;
and the district attorneys for California are to be
authorized to employ such clerks, not exceeding
three m number, as may be necessary to tran-
scribe the records, at a compensation not exceed-
ing $150 per month, to be paid out of the appro-
priation for special and other extraordinary
expenses of California land claims.
Mr. COX. I think that bill should be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims; and I
object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his objection
until I make a statement which has been furnished
by the Attorney General with reference to the ne-
cessity of the immediate passage of this bill. The
object of this bill is to enable the Government to
obtain the transmission of the record in all cases
in California arising from these land claims with-
out subjecting the Government to the extraordi-
nary expenses which it has been subjected to in
obtamingthe records. Itis well known that,owing
to the extensive frauds perpetrated by private land
agents in California—unparalleled on this conti-
nent—it has become necessary for the Attorney
General, in all cases, without discrimination, to
direct appeals to be entered whenever the decision
is adverse to the interests of the Government. The
records are'often voluminous, extending in sev-
eral instances to large printed volumes; and the
Government is subjected to the expense, not only
of printing these records, but to the additional
extraordinary expenses of the clerk of the court
under the fee bill, extending to several thousand
dollars for a single record. In 1858 these griev-
ances were so obvious, that Congress provided
that the clerks of the office of the district attorney
should make up the record in these eases. That
law, however, expired by its own limitation. This
bill proposes to revive the law of 1858; and I per-
ceive, since it has come from the Senate, that they
have extended it to all cases in California.
There is another mischief, Mr. Speaker, and
a very obvious one, which this bill is designed to
meet and cure; that is, the necessity in all cases
where an appeal is entered by both parties, to file
duplicate copies of the record. This is unneces-
sary, one copy being ordinarily sufficient; and I
suppose that, in such cases, both parties would
consent to have but one record. In a celebrated
case that has been brought to my notice—the New
Almaden quicksilver-mines case—involving the
title of real estate, estimated to be worth at least
§1,000,000 dollars a year, the Government has
found it impossible to procure this assent from the
claimants. How far the personal interest of the
clerk of the districtcourt may be concerned in this,
1 know not; but this I do know, that the clerk
refuses—notwithstanding the Government has ex-
pended $15,000 in the preparation and printing of
the record—to certify a duplicate copy* unless, he
is paid §3,400 in advance. The effect of this will
be, as 1 learn, that if he were paid the $3,400 to-
day for this copy of the record, he would simply
attach his certificate and tho seal of thegourt to the
volume already printed at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, and would receive thisenormouscompeii-
sation for what, in good conscience and honesty,
he would not be entitled receive more than a nom-
inal compensation. Besides this, I am advised by
the Attorney General, in a letter which I hold in
my hand, that the appeal in this New Almaden
case will be lost, owing to the lapse of time, -to-
gether with appeals in other cases, unless the bill
as passed. I nope, therefore, that no obstacle will
be presented to its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did notunderstand thegea-
tleman to state wherein it was necessary toiftake
the district attorney the actual clerk of the court
to certify the records; why we should change the
order of things in that regard.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. It is only in
reference to these California'land claims, that the
district attorney is authorized to copy the record
and to employ clerks for thatpurpose, at a great
saving to the Government. This provision does
not extend to all cases, but to this particular class
of cases, in which the Government is specially
interested—cases which arise under special acts
of Congress. I move the previous question. ■
Mr. COX. I have not withdrawn my objection*
I do not think this the proper time to discuss,
much less to examine, a bill of the importance of
this one. It ought to go to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims,and be thoroughly investigated
next session.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I will send to
the Clerk's desk a letter from the Attorney Gen-
eral, setting forth the necessity of passing this
bill.
The letter was read, as follows:
Attorney General's Office,
Sir: The passage of the bill relative to appeals in Cali-
fornia land eases, prepared by the Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral, Mr. Coffey, and now m the Senate, is of great Import-
ance to the Government. Appeals are now taken by the
United States in all the California land ease*- in which the
decision is adverse to her. This is necessary, in order that
the record may be sent up here for examination, and injus-
tice to the Government, through carelessness oi fraud, pre-
vented. These records me numerous, and always volum-
inous. To preparo them involves large expense to the
Government. The purpose of this bill is to relieve the Gov-
ernment of a great part of that expense.
As an illustration, f refer you to the'celebrated New Al-
maden ease. In that case, involving the title to a quick-
islver mine, worth, at a low estjmate, $1,000,000 a year,
an appeal has been taken from the decision of the district
court by both -parties. The claimants have filed a transcript
of the record, (contained in bcveiallarge printed volumes,)
and refuse to agree that that record shall be used in both ap-
peals. The clerk of the district court refuses to make out or
certify a tianscupt of the record for the Government, unless
he is paid $3,400 in adt ance. I am informed that even if ho
were paid this large sum, the only record we would obtain
would be a copy of the printed volumes above mentioned,
with the cleik's certificate a/id seal attached. This record
was printed by the Government at a cost of$15,Q00; so that
the clerk wouldreceivc $3,400for work already done at the
expense of the Government. And yet we have no method
of compelling the clerk to certify the record without com-
pliance with his terms, since he holds his office by appoint-
ment of the court; and in two or three months the time for
appeal will have elapsed, and if the record be not filed, the
Government will lose not only the mine, I)«t the large sums
already paid for costs.
To remedy this, the bill proposes, first, to make the ap-
peal of botli parties valid on filing a copy of the record by
one paity. This is open to no objection, for the one tiaiv
script exhibits all that two could show.
Second, it revives a piovision of the act of Jtme 2,1858",
(11 Statutes at Large, p. 307.) which authorized the district
attorney to have these records made out by clerks employed
at a salary for thatpurpose, which is much the cheaper and
more reliable method. This act i« nownwussary, because
the act of 1858 expired by limitation oa March .'J, 1859. The
penalty annexed is put in, because it is necessary that these
records should be piomptly obtained.
This bill requires no additional appropriation, as the sal-
aries of the cleiks employed by the district attorney are to
come out of money already appropriated for the California
land eases*. The purpose of the bill is bimply to relieve the
Government of the necessity of paying exoibitant suais for
copies of these records. #
The passage of the bill is necessary at this time, because
several of these records, including the New Almaden rec-
ord, must be filed within three or four months, or the ap-
peal will be lost.
i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD BATES, Attorney General.
Hon. S. S. Blair, Chairman of the Committee on Private
Land Claim*, House of Representatives.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection to the bill,
and fix the responsibility of it on the Govern-
ment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
