1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wl
to repair it properly; and that it would, in his
judgment, be far better, so far as army purposes
were concerned, to repair the present bridge thor-
oughly than to build a new one at such a vast
expenditure.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read 4 4 An act to pro-
vide for repairs of the Long Bridge across the
Potomac river."
The title as amended was then agreed to.
INCREASED PAY OP PRIVATES, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS. I again appeal to the gentle-
man who objected to the consideration of the bill
for increasing the pay of privates in the regular
Army and of volunteers, to withdraw that objec-
tion. I understand the bill passed by this House
was laid on the table in the Senate. This is a new
bill which has passed the Senate, and if we ad-
journ without passing it, it will cause very great
inconvenience, and perhaps create the necessity
of our being called back in another extra session.
Mr. CRISFiELD. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended, (two thirds having voted therefor.)
The bill was thereupon taken up for consider-
ation. It proposes to increase the pay of the pri-
vates to thirteen dollars a month; and also extends
the provisions of the act" for the relief of the Ohio
and other volunteers" to all volunteers, no mat-
ter for what term of service they may have been
accepted. It also directs that all the acts, proc-
lamations, and orders, of the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, after the 4th of March, 1861, respecting
the Army and Navy of the United States, and
calling out or relating to the militia or volunteers
from the States, are hereby approved and in all
respects legalized and made valid to the same in-
tent and with the same effect as if they had been
issued and done under the previous express au-
thority and direction of the Congress of the United
States.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
was ordered to a third reading. It was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• CENSUS TAKERS.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House to order that the communication re-
ceived this morning from the Secretary of the
Interior, in reference to the pay of deputy mar-
shals for taking the census, be printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The communication is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, August 5, 1861.
Sir : In response to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 3d instant, m the following words:
"Resolved, That the Seci etary of the Interior be requested
to inform this House why it is that a portion of the persons
engaged in the loyal States in 1860 in taking the census, as
deputy marshals, have not been paid; and when payment
to such persons may be reasonably expected.
"Attest: Em. Etheridge, Clerk."
Iheiewith transmit a statement of the Superintendent ofthe
Census, explanatory ot the reasons why it is that a portion
of the persons engaged in the loyal States in taking the
census as deputy niaishals have not been paid; and also
his statement respecting the period when payment to such
persons may reasonably be expected.
X have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary.
Hon. Galosha A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Census Office, Department of the Interior,
Washington, august 5, 1861.
Sir: In reply to the resolution of the tlouse of Repre-
sentatives ofthe 3d Augu-t, (which has just been received,)
in the following words, viz :
" Thirty-Seventh Congress—first session. Congress of the
United States.
"In the House of Representatives,
i{Jlugust 3,1861.
"Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform this House why it is that a portion of the persons
*
engaged in the loyal States in 1860 in taking the census, as
deputy marshals, have not been paid ; nnd when payment
to such persons may reasonably be expected.
"Attest: Em. Etheridge, Clerk."
I have the honor to state that four thousand three hundred
and seven assistant marshals have received their first pay-
ment, being one half the amount certified by the marshals
to be due these officers for their services in talking the
eighth census. Second and final payment has been made
to eleven hundred, and receipts are now in transitu to and
from four hundred more for final payment, which will be
made in these cases as their vouchers come to hand. Up
to this date there has been paid to these officers the sum of
$757,264 65, being $108,867 52 more than was paid at a
corresponding period for taking the seventh census. Final
payments are being made daily, as fast ae our requisitions
are honored at the Treasury, and in the order wherein the
United States marshals certified to the completion of their
duties.
Some faint idea of the labor attendant upon the settle-
ment of these accounts may be formed from a knowledge
of the fact that they involve an examination of more than
thirty-five million separate items comprising the basis of
payment, and this office is restricted by the twenty-first
section ofthe Jaw to a careful examination of these entries
pievious to completing the pay ot the assistants. Some
accounts are suspended, awaiting the amendment of un-
satisfactory returns, but the majority have not yet been
reached in their regular order for final settlement. Pay-
ments have necessarily been suspended for a thort time on
seveial occasions, on account of the want of funds at the
Treasury.
In my opinion, all these accounts will be balanced on the
books of this office in ninety days, and final payments (ex-
cept in cases suspended by the action of the assistants) may
reasonably be expected prior to the 1st of January.
I Iiave the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY,
Superintendent,
Hon. Caleb B. Smith, Secretory.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee.on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk ofthe House be directed to pur-
chase, for the use of the Library of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the meeting of the next session of Congress,
one hundred sets of the " Annals of Congress and Register
of Debates," at a price not exceeding that herctofote paid
for said works.
The report of the committee was read, as follows:
The Committee on Printing, to which was referred the
petition of Gales and Seaton, for the purchase of one hun
dred or more sets of the Debates, proceedings and statistics
of Congress from 1789 to 1837, for the use of the library of
the House, submits the following repoit: *
The petitioners state that they " iiave on hand a large
number of copies of the work, wiiich it would be a material
relief to them under the great depression of their business,
brought on by the secession of the southern States and the
consequent deranged state of all private affairs, to dispose
of." But they have a double proprietorship m the work,
the materials having been furnished by the reports and la-
bors ofthe petitioners for nearly half a epntury, and without
any compensation from the Government, other than what
has been derived from the copies heretofore purchased.
The committee is therefore unanimously of the opinion that
if an additional supply is to be oidercd, justice rcquhes that
the purchase should be made of the petitioners.
From a letter of the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, accompanying this repoit, it appears that there are
now eighty-five complete sets of the woilc in the Library;
that each set consists of seventy-one volumes and costs
$355; and "that an additional number will be required to
enable the hbrarv to furnish a set of the debates to each
member, during "the session of Congress, at his lodgingV'
One hundred additional copies will supply each member of
the piesent Congress a set for icference at his room, anil
leave thirteen copics for use in the library.
In the mulytude of claims, and of delicate and important
questions, hereafter to anse out of the present war, the
incmben of the House may well be disposed to consult
early established principles and precedents, and it will per-
haps be just to anticipate that there will be an enlarged
demand for this work. In this view of the subject, and in
the ordinary state of the Treasury, the committee would
unhesitatingly recommend the purchase of one hundred
additional copies. This would incur an expenditure of
$35,500, to be provided lor at the next session of Congress.
This large expenditure at the present time embarrasses a
question which would otherwise be clear. The Committee
therefore reports the following resolution, and submits the
question to the judgment of the House.
Mr. WALTON, ofVermont. There are only
about eighty-five copies of the proceedings and
debates in Congress, from 1789 to 1836, when
Rives's Globe begins, now in the library of the
House of Representatives; and if members of
Congress did their duty in the various delicate
and important questions which arise in this war,
they would constantly consult these "Annals of
Congress;" and to do that, there must be more
copies of the work in our library. If this order is
made, it will require an expenditure of $35,500.
We doubt whether we ought to expend thatamount
in the present condition of the Treasury, although
we believe this book ought to be ordered. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table-
The question was taken; arid the motion was
disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was not adopted.
IIOLT'S LETTER.
Mr. WICKXIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to have read Secre-
tary Holt's letter giving the reasons forassembling
a military force in Washington.
Objection was made.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that it be printed in
the Globe, with the communication from the Act-
ing Secretary of War.
It was so ordered.
The communications are as follows:
War Department, August 5,1861.
Sir: In compliance with the resolution of the House of
Repiesentatives of the 27th ultimo, I have the honor to
trausn'it herewith " a copy of the letter and report of the
Hon. Joseph Holt to the Presidentof the United States,
dated the 18th February, 3801, in response to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the Xlth of said month,
requesting the reasons for assembling the United States
troops at the seat of Government of the United States."
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. SCOTT,
Acting Secretary of War.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker House of Representatives.
War Department, February 18,1861.
Sin: On the 11th February, the House of Representatives
adopted a resolution requestingthe President, if not incom-
patible with the public interests, to communicate "the
reasons that had induced him to assemble so large a num-
ber of troops in this city, and why they are kept here; and
whether he has any information of a conspiuicy upon the
pan of any portion of the citizens of this country to seize
upon the capital and prevent the inauguration of the Pres-
ident elect."
This resolution having been submitted to this Depart-
ment for consideration and report, I have the honor to state,
that the body of troops tempoianly transferred to this city
is not large, as is assumed by the resolution, though it is a
well appointed corps and admirably adapted for the preser-
vation of the public peace. JjPhe reasons which led to their
being assembled here will now be biiefly stated.
I shall make no comment upon the origin of the revolu-
tion which, for the Ian three months, has been in progress
in several ofthe southern States, nor shall 1 enumerate the
causes which have hastened its advancement or exasper-
ated its temper. The scope oi the que&uon submitted by
the House will be sufficiently met by dealing with the facts
as they exist, irrespective of the cause from which they
have proceeded. That revolution has been distinguished
by a boldness and coinpletene&s of success rarely equaled
in the history of civil commotions. Its overthrow of the
Fedeial authority has not only been sudden and wide-
spread, but has been marked by excesses which have
alarmed all and been sources of profound humiliation to a
large portion ofthe American people. Its history is a his-
tory of surprises and treacheries and ruthless spoliations.
The forts ol the United States have been captured and gar-
risoned, and hostile flags unfurled upon their ramparts. Its
arsenals have been seized, and the vast amount of public
arms they contained appiopriated to the use ot the captors;
while more than half a million dollars, found in the mint
at New Orleans, has been unscrupulously applied to re-
plenish the coffers of Louisiana. Officers m command of
revenue cutteis of the United States have been prevailed
on to violate their trusts and surrender the propeity in their
charge; and instead of being branded for their crimes, they,
and the vessels they betrayed, have been cordially received
into the scivico ofthe seceded States. These movements
were attended by yet more discouraging indications of im-
morality. It was generally believed that this revolution
was guided and urged on by men occupying the highest
positions in the public servicc, and who, with the respons-
ibilities of an oath to support the Constitution still resting
upon their consciences, did not hesitate secretly to plan,
and openly to labor for, the dismemberment of the Republic
whose honors they enjoyed and upon whose Treasury they
were living. As examples of evil are always more potent
than those of good, this, spectaclc of demoralization on the
part of States and statesmen could not iail to produce the
most deplorable consequences. The discontented and the
disloyal eveiy where took courage. In other States, adjacent
to and supposed to sympathize in sense of political wrong
with those referred to, revolutignaiy schemes were set on
foot, and forts and aims of the United States seized. The
unchecked prevalence of the revolution, and the intoxica-
tion which its triumphs inspired, naturally suggested wilder
and yet more desperate enterprises than the conquest of
ungarrisoned forts or the plunder of an unguaided mint.
At what time the armed occupation of Washington city
became a pait of the revolutionary programme, is not cer-
tainly known. More than six weeks ago, the impression
had already extensively obtained that a conspiracy for the
accomplishment of this guilty purpose was in proccss ot
formation, if not fully matured. The earnest endeavors
made by men known to be devoted to the revolution, to
hurry Virginia and Maryland out of the Union, were re-
garded as preparatory steps for the subjugation of Washing-
ton. This plan was in entire harmony with the aim and
spirit of those seeking the subversion of the Government,
since no more fatal blow at its existence could be struck
than the permanent and hostile possession of the seat of its
power. It was m harmony, too, with the avowed designs
of the revolutionists, which looked to the formation of a
confederacy of all the slave States, and necessarily to the
conquest of the capital within their limits. It seemed not
very indistinctly prefigured in a proclamation made upon
