1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. or Bees;
adequate provision for its collection elsewhere
than within the port, or for depriving the port
itself of its character as a port of entry or deliv-
ery until the insurrection shall be suppressed.
Great inconvenience and damage to the com-
merce among the States have also arisen from the
same general cause. To mitigate these evils and
to prevent as far as possible the perversion of
commeice between the States into an agency for
the supply of the insurgents with means for main-
taining and extending the insurrection, the Sec-
retary issued the two circular orders to collectors
of which copies are herewith submitted to Con-
gress.
* In framing these orders, the Secretary was ne-
cessarily much embarrassed by the absence of any
law regulating commerce among the States, and
by the necessity of conforming them to conditions
of hostility created by the insurrection. These
conditions, under certain circumstances, would
make all commerce illegal; while, under other
circumstances, they would only make unlawful
the commerce carried on directly with insurgents.
To remove embarrassment,legislation is required;
and the Secretary respectfully recommends a suit-
able enactment giving to the President the power
to determine by proclamation or other notification
within what limits an insurrection lias obtained,
for the time, controlling ascendency, and must,
therefore, be regarded as attended by the cffccts
of civil war in the total suspension of commerce,
and to establish by licensc such exceptions to that
suspension as he may deem expedient and prac-
ticable. Such an enactment should also provide
suitable penalties and forfeitures for attempts'to
can y on unlicensed commerce with insurgents or
places declared to be in a state of insurrection.
With a view to a clearer understanding of the
views expressed in this report, and for the pur-
pose of promoting the dispatch of the public busi-
ness, so important at this junctuic, the Secretary
has caused to be prepared, and begs leave most
respectfully to submit to the consideration of Con-
gress, as plans which seem to him judicious for
improving and increasing the revenue, the drafts
of three bills: one to provide revenue from im-
ports, and for other purposes; another, further to
provide for the collection of duties on imports,
and for other purposes; and another, to authorize
a national loan, and for other purposes.
In compliance with the law on that subject, he
also transmits detailed statements of the several
negotiations for loans since the last annualrcpoit
from the Treasury Department, and also a state-
ment showing the gradual increase and present
condition of the public debt.
The Secretary is fully and painfully aware that
in preparing and submitting this report he has
labored under great and peculiar disadvantages.
He has but recently assumed the charge of the
vast and complicated concerns of his Department,
and he is deeply conscious hosv imperfectly he is
qualified, by experience, by talents, or by special
acquitments, for such a charge. Ho understands,
also, better perhaps than any one outside can
understand, the difficulties incident to the task of
which he has attempted the performance—diffi-
culties always considerable, but now augmented
and multiplied beyond measure by the criminal
insurrection winch deranges commerce, accu-
mulates expenditures, necessitates taxes, embar-
rasses industry, depreciates property, cripples
enterprise, and frustrates progress. lie has sim-
ply endeavored, under these perplexing circum-
stances, to meet the case just as it is; to set forth
plainly the actual condition of the public finances;
and to explain the means and measures by which,
in his humble judgment, the evils of the existing
situation may be mitigated and finally removed.
The energies of a great people will, as he firmly
believes, surmount all the troubles and calamities
of the present tim", ftid, under the good hand of
the God of our fathers, outof these very troubles
and difficulties build a future which shall surpass
the whole glorious past m the richness of its bless-
ings and benefits. . .
All which he respectfully submits to the indul-
gent consideration of Congress.
to. Jr. OrlAbUi,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. I-IanniealHamlin, Vice President of the
United States, and President of the Senate.
Report of t «ie Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, July 4, 1861.
Sir: When the change of Administration took
place, in March last, the Navy Department was
organized on a pcace establishment. Such ves-
sels as were in condition for service were chiefly
on distant stations, and those which constituted
the home squadron were most of them in the
Gulf of Mexico. Congress had adjourned with-
out making provision for any extraordinary
emergency,and the appropriations for naval pur-
poses indicated that only ordinary current ex-
penses were anticipated.
Extraordinary events which have since tran-
spired have called for extraordinary action on
the part of the Government, demanding a large
augmentation of the naval force, and the recall
of almost the whole of our foreign squadrons for
service on our own coasts.
The total number of vessels in the Navy, of all
classes, on the 4th of March, was 90, carrying,
or designed to carry, about 2,415 guns.
Excluding vessels on the stocks, those unfin-
ished, those used as stationary storcships and
receiving ships, and those considered inexpedient
to repair, the available force was:
1 shin-of-the-Iine  84 guns.
8 friirates  400 •'
SO sloops  406 "
3 brigs  1(5 "
3 stoioslups  ? *'
6 steam fi isalo  213 "
5 first class Menm sloops  90 <(
4 first class side-wheel steamers  46 "
8 second class steam sloops  45 "
5 thiid claps heriiw stenmois  ^8 "
4 second class side-wheel steamers  8 "
2 steam tenders  4 "
68
1,346
Of tins force the following were in commission,
the remainder being m ordinary, dismantled, &c.:
afiigates  100 guns.
ii sloops yas "
3 storeships  7 "
1 sciew t'rigate  12 "
5 first class stcain sloops  90 "
3 side-wheel steamers    35 "
8 second class strain sloops  45 "
5 thud class .screw sleamers  28 "
3 side-wheel steamers  5 "
1 steam tender   1 "
42 35S
These vessels had a complement, exclusive of
officers and marines, of about 7,600 men, and
nearly all of them were on foreign stations. The
home squadron consisted of twelve vessels, car-
rying 187 guns and about 2,000 men. Of this
squadron, only four small vessels, carrying 25
guns and about 280 men, were in northern ports.
With so few vessels iti commission on our
coast, and our crews in distant seas, the Depart-
ment was very indifferently prepared to meet the
exigency that was rising. Every movement was
closcly watchcd by the disaffected, and threatened
to precipitate measures that the country seemed
anxious to avoid. Demoralization prevailed
among the officers, many of whom, occupying
the most responsible positions, betrayed symp-
toms of that infidelity which has dishonored the
service. But while so many officers were un-
faithful, the crews, to their honor be it recorded,
were true and reliable, and have maintained,
through every trial and under all circumstances,
their devotion to the Union and the^ flag. Unfor-
tunately, however, few comparatively of these
gallant men were within the call of the Depart-
ment at that eventful period. They, as well as
all the ships, were abroad.
NORFOLK NAVY-YARD.
The sloop-of-war Cumberland, the flag-ship of
Commodore Pendergrast, arrived opportunely in
the Chesapeake on the 23d of March; and as this
was the only vessel of any considerable capacity
in these waters that was manned, I detained her
at Norfolk to await events that were gradually
developing in Virginia and the ad joining States.
The navy-yard at Norfolk, protected by no
fortress or garrison, has always been a favored
depot with the Government. It was filled with
arms and munitions, and several ships were in
the harbor, dismantled and in ordinary, and in
no condition to be moved, had there been men t*q
move them. There were, however, no seamen
there or on home stations to man these vessels,
or even one of them of the larger class, and any
attempt to withdraw them, or either of them,
without a crew, would, in the then sensitive arid
disturbed condition of the public mind, have be-
trayed alarm and distrust, and been likely to cause
difficulty. _
Apprehensive, however, that action might be
necessary, the commandant of the yard was, early
in April, advised of this feeling, and cautioned to
extreme vigilance and circumspection. These
admonitions were, a few days later, repeated
to Commodore McCauley. This commandant,
whose patriotism and fidelity were not doubted,-
was surrounded by officers in whom he placed
confidence; but most of them, as events soon
proved, were faithless to the flag and the country.
On the 10th of April, Commodore McCauley
was ordered to put the shipping and public prop-
erty in condition to be moved and placed beyond
danger, should it become necessary; but in doin&
this he was warned to take no steps that could
give needless alarm. The steam frigate Merri-
mack could, it was believed, were her machinery
in order, be made available in this emergency, not
only to extricate herself, but the other shipping
in the harbor. Not knowing, however, who could
be confided in to take charge of her, a commander
and two engineers were detailed to procced to
Norfolk for that purpose. Two days after, on
the 12th of April, the Department directed that
the Merrimack should be prepared to proceed to
Philadelphia with the utmost dispatch. It was
stated lhattorepairthe engineand putit in working
condition would require four weeks. Discrediting
this report, the enginccr-in-chief was ordered to
proceed forthwith in person, and attend to the
necessary preparations.
On the IGth of April the commandant was
directed to lose no time in placing armament on
board the Merrimack; to get the Plymouth and
Dolphin beyond danger; to have the German-
town in a condition to be towed out, and to put
the more valuable public property, ordnance
stores, &c., on shipboard,"so that they could at
any moment be moved beyond danger.
Such was the energy and dispatch of the cngi-
neer-in-chief, that on the 16th the Department was
advised by the commandant of the yard that on
the 17th the Merrimack would be ready for tem-
porary service; but when, on the afternoon of that
day, the engineer-in-chief reported her ready for
steam, Commodore McCauley refused to have her
fired up. Fires were, however, built early the
next morning, and at nine o'clock the engines
were working, engineers,firemen, &c., on board,
but the commandant still refused to permit her to
be moved, and in the afternoon gave directions to
draw the fires. The cause of this refusal to move
the Merrimack has no explanation, other than
that of misplaced confidence in his junto* officers
who opposed it.
As soon as this fatal error was reported to the
Department, orders were instantly issued to Com-
modore Paulding to procced forthwith to Nor-
folk, with such officers and marines as could bo
obtained, and take command of all the vessels
afloat on that station; to repel force by force, and
prevent the ships and public property, at all haz-
ards, from passing into the hands of the insur-
rectionists. But when that officer reached Nor-
folk, on the evening of Saturday the 20th, he found
that the powder magazine had already been seized,
and that an armed force had commenced throwing
up batteries in the vicinity. The commandant of
the yard, after refusing to permit the vessels to be
moved on Thursday, and omitting it on Friday,
ordered them to be scuttled on Saturday evening,
and they were sinking when Commodore Pauld-
ing with the force under his command, arrived
at^Norfolk. This officer, knowing that to sink
the ships, would be only k temporary deprivation
to the insurgents, who would, when in full pos-
session of the place, again have them afloat, or-
dered the torch to be applied to the sinking ships.
Pursuant to instructions, he also destroyed, so
far as he was able with his limited force, the pub-
lic property in the yard, before abandoning the
place.
The Cumberland was towea down the river,
