12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
37ts Cong....1st Sess.
Executive Usurpation—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
ized, have no authorized jurisdiction. It would
seem only consistent with a just regard to the
interests of the Government and the people, that
some properly organized military tribunal should
be empowered to take cognizance of criminal
offenses, and to punish the offenders when found
guilty. Such a tribunal should not have any
jurisdiction when the functions of the Federal
courts are uninterrupted. I therefore recommend
that the subject be referred to the consideration
of Congress.-
The subsistence of the troops now in the ser-
vice is a matter of the highest importance. Ra-
tions, proper in quantity and quality, are quite
''as essential to the efficiency of an army as valor
or discipline. It is desirable, therefore, that the
quality of rations distributed to the troops should,
as far as possible, be adapted to their previous
dietary habits. While it cannot be expected that
the luxuries to which many have been accus-
tomed should be provided by the commissariat, a
just regard to comfort and health imposes upon
the Government the duty of furnishing sound,
healthful, and palatable food. A larger propor-
tion of vegetables and of fresh meats, when they
can be procured, than can now befumished under
the Army regulations, would undoubtedly dimin-
ish the danger of epidemics among the troops. I
therefore submit the question, whether it would
not be expedient for Congress to enlarge the pow-
ers of the commissariat, so as to enable it the
better to carry into practice the views here sug-
gested?
As all requisitions for camp equipage, for the
means of its transportation, and for supplies, arc
made upon the Quartermaster General's depart-
ment, it is highly essential that every facility
should be afforded its chief for meeting all such
requisitions with promptness. At present the
power of that bureau is limited. For instance,
it seems very desirable that the troops in field
should be supplied with water-proof capes and
blankets to serve as a protection against the ef-
fects of the climate. As the Army Regulations
do not recognize such an item of clothing, and as
no discretion has boon lodged with the Depart-
ment to act in the matter, many of the troops,
for the lack of this essential outfit, have suffered
much inconvenience. Some of the States of New
England have sent their quotas forward equipped
most admirably in this respect. I would recom-
mend that this subject be commended to Con-
gress for its favorable consideration.
The sudden large increased the Army, in May
last, induced the acting Surgeon General to call
the attention of this Department to the necessity
of some modification of the system of organiza-
tion connected with the supervision of the hygi-
ene and comfort of the troops. A commission of
inquiry and advice was accordingly instituted,
with the object of acting in cooperation with the
Medical bureau* The fbllowinggentlemen have
consented to serve, without compensation, upon
this commission: lienryW. Bellows, D. D.; Pro-
fessor A. D. Baehe, LL. D.; Professor Jeffries
Wyman;Profcssor WalcottGibbs,M. D.;W. H.
Van Buren, M. D.; Samuel G. Howe, M. D.; II.
C. Wood, Surgeon United States Army; George
W. Cullum.JJmted States Army; and Alexander
lb. Shiias, United States Army. They are now
directing special inquiries in regard to the careful
inspection of recruits and enlisted men, the best
means ofguardingand restoring their health, and of
securing the general comfort and efficiency of the
troops, the proper provision of hospitals, nurses,
cooks, &c. The high character and well-known
attainments of these distinguished gentlemen afford
every assurance that they will bring to bear upon
the subjects of their investigation the ripest teach-
ings of sanitary science in its application to thede-
tailsof military life. The organization of military
hospitals, and the method of obtaining and regu-
lating whatever appertains to the cure, relief,"or
care of the disabled, as also the regulations and
routine through which the services of patriotic
women are rendered available as nurses, was at
an early period of the present struggle intrusted
to the charge of Miss D. L.Dix, who volunteered
her services, and is now, without remuneration,
devoting her whole time to this important sub- i
ject. • j
The arms and ordnance supplied from our na-!
tional armories, under the able superintendence
of the Ordnance bureau, compare most favorably
with the very best manufactured for foreign Gov-
ernments. The celebrated Enfield rifle, so called,
is a simple copy of the regular arm manufactured
for many years at the Springfield armory.
Previous to the early part of last year the Gov-
ernment had a supply of arms and munitions of
war sufficient for any emergency; but, through
the bad faith of those intrusted with their guard-
ianship, they were taken from their propeV depos-
itories, and distributed through portions of the
country expected to take part in the contemplated
rebellion. In consequence of the serious loss thus
sustained, there was available at the commence-
ment of. the outbreak a much less supply than
usual of all kinds. But through the zeal and
activity of the Ordnance bureau, the embarrass-
ment thus created has been in a great measure
overcome. As the capacity of the Government
armories was not equal to the supply needed,
even after having doubled the force at the Spring-
field armory, the Department found it absolutely
necessary to procure arms to some extent from
private manufacturers. It is believed that from
these sources they can be obtained equal in quality,
and not much higher in cost, than those made m
the national workshops. It would therefore ap-
pear a wise policy 011 the part of the Govern-
ment to encourage domestic industry by supply-
ing our troops in part from private factories of
our own country, instead of making purchases
from abroad.
As rifled cannon are, in poiiy. of effectiveness,
far superior to smooth-bored, arrangements have
been made to rifle a large portion of the guns on
hand, and the work is still in progress.
Some patriotic American citizens resident in
Europe, fearing that the country might not have
a sufficient supply, purchased on their own re-
sponsibility, through cooperation with the United
States ministers to England and France, a number
of improved cannon and muskets; and, at your in-
stance, this Department accepted the drafts drawn
to defray the outlay thus assumed. A perfect
battery of six Wliiuvorth twelve-pounder rifled
cannon, with three thousand rounds of ammuni-
tion, the munificent donation of sympathizing
friends in Europe, has also been received from
England.
It will be necessary for Congress, either at its
approaching special or at its next annual session,
to adopt measures for the reorganization, upon a
uniform basis, of the militia of the country. I
know of 110 better source of information on this
subject than the able report of General Henry
Knox, the first Secretary of War, who, by his
wise forecast and eminent appreciation of the fu-
ture wants of the country, showed the en tire safety
of an implicit reliance upon the popular will for
the support of the Government in the most trying
emergency, abundant confirmation of which fact
is found in the present great rally of the people to
the defense of the Constitution and laws. I have
already adverted to the superior manner in which
some of the New England regiments, now in ser-
vice, are equipped. This is to be attributed to
the efficient home organization of the militia in
some of those States. Their example is an excel-
lent one, and cannot fail to have a beneficial effect
upon such States as have not already adopted a
like desirable organization.
I think it important, also, to recommend a fur-
ther distribution of improved arms among the
militia of the States and Territories. As the re-
turns of the militia are frequently inaccurate, this
distribution should be made proportionate to the
latest census returns of free white male inhabit-
ants capable of bearing arms.
The large disaffection, at the present crisis, of
United States Army officers, has excited the most
profound astonishment, and naturally provokes
inquiry as to its cause. But for this startling de-
fection, the rebellion never could have assumed
formidable proportions. The mere accident of
birth in a particular section, or the influence of a
belief in particular political theories, furnishes no
satisfactory explanation of this remarkable fact.
The majority of these officers solicited and ob-
tained a military education at the hands of the
Government—a mark of special favor, conferred
by the laws of Congress to only one in seventy
thousand inhabitants. At the national Military
Academy they were received, and treated as the
adopted children of the Republic. By the pecu-
liar relations thus established, they virtually be-
came bound, by more than ordinary obligations
of honor, to remain faithful to their flag. The
question may be asked, in view of the extraor-
dinary treachery displayed, whether its promot-
ing cause may not be traced to a radical defect in
the system of education itself?
As a step preliminary to the consideration of
this question, I would direct attention to the re-
port, herewith submitted, of the Board of Visitors
to the West Point Military Academy. The sup-
plementary report makes a special reference to the
system of discipline, which,, it appears from facts
obtained upon investigation, ignores,practically,
the essential distinction between acts wrong in
themselves and acts wrong because prohibited by
special regulations. "The report states that 110
difference is made in the penalties affixed as pun-
ishments for either class of offenses. It is argued
with reason that such a system is directly calcu-
lated to confound in the mind of the pupil the dis-
tinctions between right and wrong, and to substi-
tute, in the decision of grave moral ques'tions,
habit for conscience. I earnestly trust that Con-
gress will early address itself to a thorough ex-
amination of the system of education and discip-
line adopted in this important school, and if
dcfccts arc found to exist, that it will provide a
remedy with the least possible delay.
The present exigencies of the public service have
necessaiily imposed upon this Department a vast
increase of responsibility and labor. ~ To facilitate
its proper administration, I would recommend the
passage of a law by Congress authorizing the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Secretary of War, and
the requisite additional appropriation for the em-
ployment of an increased clerical force.
In concluding this report, I deem ii proper to
express my deep indebtedness to the veteran Gen-
eral-in-Chicf of the Army, for the constant and
self-sacrificing devotion to the public service ex-
hibited by him in this grave crisis; and also to the
chiefs of the different bureaus of this Department,
for the able and efficient manner in which they
have at all times aided me in the discharge of my
official duties.
I have the honor to be, with high regard, your
obedient servant, SIM0N CAMERON,
t Secretary of War.
The Presi> !nt of the United States.
EXECUTIVE USURPATION,
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BAYARD,
OF DELAWARE,
In the Senate, July 1!), 1861.
The Sonato having under consideration the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm cm tain nets of the
President of the United States for suppressing insuirection
and rebellion—
Mr. BAYARD said: Mr. President,during the
special session of the Senate in March last, when
seven States had withdrawn, by the action of
their people, from the Federal Union, disclaimed
all allegiance to the Government, and organized
a sepaiate common government, I took occasion,
before the public mind had become cxcited,to
express fully my views of the structure of our
Government, and the unhappy condition of tho
country; and also to indicate the course of action
which 1 believed most conducive to our happiness
and prosperity in the future. I then thought, aftei
the most anxious and gravest consideration, and
actuated by no earthly motive but the good of
my country, that the only alternative which re-
mained was an assent to the revolution by which
the Gulf States had left us, or civil war. That
though the secession of a State was an act of
revolution, it was an event not provided for by
the Constitution, and could only be met by war or
peace. That the power to coerce a State by the
General Government by arms, having been ex-
pressly refused by the framers of the Constitu-
tion, we had no other resource left but war against
them for a breach of the compact upon which the
Federal Government is founded, or peace and the
