1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
37th Cong....1st Sess.
Executive Usurpation—Mr. Baywrd.
Senate.
recognition of the common government which
they had organized.
I did not doubt that the rightofjudgmentasto
peace or war rested in Congress; but I was unable
to see how any plea of executing the laws or re-
taking the public property justified the use of the
military power, as a primary power, for that pur-
pose, within the intent of the Constitution and the
powers conferred by it on Congress or the Exec-
utive. Believingaiso that the withdrawal of those
States did not subvert our Government, but left
us a great and powerful nation, 1 thoughta peace-
ful separation preferable to what I consider the
greatest curse which the providence of God can
inflict upon a nation—civil war. I also indulged
the hope, and I now believe that hope would have
been realized, that by conciliation those States
might be restored to the Union, and expressed the
opinion that an attempt at coercion would drive
other States out of the Confederacy; and in this,
at least, subsequent events have shown that I was
not in error. The Executive, as 1 deem most
unfortunately, adopted the policy of coercion, and
collision followed. An appeal by proclamation
was made to the people for volunteers, which in-
volved of necessity coercion by arms and war, and
four more States withdrew from the Union, and
joined the confederate States. The convention of
Virginia had shown by repeated votes that a ma-
jority exceeding seventy existed in that body
. deeply attached to the union, anxious to retain
the State in the Union, and to settle the causes of
difficulty which had arisen among us. On the
President's proclamation, that convention seceded
from the Union, and by an overwhelming major-
ity of the people of Virginia their action has been
ratified. Tennessee, which a brief time before
had refused by thirty thousand majority to call a
convention, immediately, by the action of her
Legislature, left the Union, and herpeople ratified
the act by sixty thousand majority. North Car-
olina withdrew with entire unanimity, though she
had voted down a convention a short time before;
and Arkansas, which had from her love to the
Union postponed any consideration of the ques-
tion of secession till the fall, in order that so
eventful a matter should be fully discussed before
her people, and its effects gravely weighed-before
determination, also left us, as consequent upon
the proclamation.
Much as I deplored the loss of the Gulf States,
I was then willing—to use the language of Burke,
in 1777, in relation to our own Revolution,
*< To part with them as a limb, but as a limb to save the
body; and I would have parted with more, if more had
been necessary: anything rather than a fruitless, hopeless,
unnatuial civil war."
Sir, I am as deeply attached to the Union as
any man who claims a seat in this body. I would
have saved it in its integrity by conciliation and
compromise; and it is my consolation that, in my
past life, no word or act of mine ever encouraged
a sectional feeling among my countrymen. Nay,
more, if any sacrifice on my part, involving prop-
erty or even life itself, could now end this unhappy
struggle, and restore and preserve the Union, with
the fraternal feeling and national sentiment in
which it was founded by our forefathers, that sac-
rifice would be readily and cheei fully made. I
could leave no richer or prouder inheritance to my
children than the reflection that their father had
sacrificed himself for the prosperity and welfare
of his country.
But the passions of the nation have become ex-
cited, and the cry now is " unconditional submis-
sion , and the crushing out of rebellion," without
the first step having been taken for the purpose
of conciliation. States are to be reduced to prov-
inces, and the military power to become the dom-
inant power in a representative Republic. ^ Even
a servile insurrection is threatened, should it prove
necessary, for the purpose of conquest and sub-
jugation.
" Unconditional submission, and the crushing
out of rebellion " was the language of the Crown
and ministers of Great Britain in the struggle in
which our ancestors achieved our liberties. No
terms should be offered to armed rebels; the sword
and the bayonet were the only admissable argu-
ments. The Government was to be strengthened,
and the colonies to be subdued. The habeas cor-
pus act was suspended in America and on the high
seas, and those who sailed under letters of marque
issued by the United States Congress were de-
nounced as pirates. Let me read the answer to
this course of policy of Mr. Burke, which embod-
ies the general sentiment of the greatest statesmen
and truest patriots of England in that day. I read
from his letter to the sheriffs of Bristol, in April,
1777, less than a year after our independence had
been declared; and for its general truths, as appli-
cable to the present struggle, the whole letter
might be read wixh profit by every well-wisher
of his country:
"It is said that, being at war with the colonics, what-
ever our be utiments might have been befoie, all ties between
us are now dissolved; and all the policy we have left is to
strengthen the hands of the Government to reduce them.
On the principle of this "argument, the more mischief we
suffer from any administration, the more our trust in it is
to be confirmed. Let them but once get us into a war, and
then their power is safe, and an act of oblivion is passed
foi all their misconduct. But is it true that Government
is always to be strengthened with the instruments of war,
but never furnished with the means of peace? In former
times, ministers, I allow, have been sometimes driven by
the popular voice to assert by arms the natioml honor
agniust foreign Powers. But the wisdom of the nation has
been far more clear when those ministers have been com-
pelled to consult its interests by treaty
Further:
"This mode of yielding would, it is said, give way to in-
dependency without.a war. But, if it had this effect, I
confess that I should prefer independency without war to
independency with it; and I have so much trust in the in-
clinations and prejudices of mankind, and so little in any-
thing else, that I should cxpcct ten times more benefit to
this kingdom"—
The United States, Mr. President—
"from the affection of America,"—
The South—
"though under a separate establishment, than fromherper-
fect submission to the crown and parliament"—
The Federal Government—
"accompanied with her terror, disgust, and abhorence.
" Bodies tied together by so unnatural a bond of union
as mutual hatred, aie only connected to their ruin."
Could we, Mr. President, if after a desolating
war we succeeded in subjugating the South, bind
her to us by any other bond of union than mutual
hatred, and is it not true that such a bond of union
would involve the ruin of both the North and the
South?
It has been said that if we let these States go in
Seace we yield to the right of secession at will by a
tate, and that such a pnn ciple wil I lead to the entire
disintegration of the Union. But we do not yield
to the right of secession by recognizing revolution.
I admit that were a single State to secede—even
a large State—restriction and coercion, (not by
arms,) coupled with conciliation, might well be
used, and would be successful in restoring her.
Such was the course of our ancestors in the adop-
tion of the Constitution to the small State of Rhode
Island and the larger State of North Carolina; one
of which remained out of the Union after the
organization of the Federal Government for one
year, and the other a year and a half. I admit,
also, that secession is revolution, and that we have
the right of war m such a case if Congress so de-
cides. But the object of the war ought to be the
restoration of the Stale to the Union, and, as
against a single State, the menace of war would
in all probability, from the superior power of the
Federal Government, effect its object without
bloodshed.
I dismiss, therefore, all apprehensions from my
mind arising from the i recognition of a revolution
inaugurated and carried on by a large section of
country by the collective action of its people, as
conceding the right of secession or leading to the
future disintegration of the Union. Sir, in the
Revolution of 1776, Massachusetts was the col-
ony that first embarked in resistance to the mother
country. Does any gentleman suppose that rev-
olutions must not be dealt with according to their
magnitude? Can there be a doubt that the mis-
take which Great Butain made then was, in at-
tributing the spirit of resistance to the'ieaders
alone, when the hearts of the people were in the
contest ? Governor Gage issued his proclamation
in Boston, in which he offered to all the inhabit-
ants of the colony entire protection and amnesty,
with the exception of John Hancock and Samuel
Adams, if they would lay down their arms and
submit to the Government; but the offer was of
no avail. Does any gentleman suppose that the
colony of Massachusetts alone could h^ve resisted
the power of the-British Government, unless the
sympathies of the people of the'other colonies
had beep enlisted, and they had made -common
cause witli her ? Having a common interest,thejr
united to resist an exercise of power which, }i
submitted to by one colony, would in the end
be crushing the liberties of all. Had those min-
isters not been blind to the general sentinrtent of
the people of the colonies, they would not have
held ana acted upon the mistaken idea, which is
now so rife in relation to the seceding States, that
it'was the leaders alone, and not the peopJe, whose
hearts were in the cause; and GreatTBritain would
probably, in the first instance, have parted "with
her colonies in peace, or retained her general au-
thority by concessions, saving herself a debt'^f
more than a thousand million dollars, and also
carrying on with them a commercial intercourse
far more profitable to her than would have existed
if the powers she claimed over arv unwilling peo-
ple had been enforced by subjugation. Revolu-
tion by a large section'of country, composed of
eleven States with singular unanimity on the part
of their people, cannot be met by war, if the object
be the restoration of the Union and its preserva-
tion as a rejrresentative Republic.
Sir, on this subject let me show yotl what are
not merely my opinions of the impracticability of
a single Republic over so extensive a country as
ours without the existence of the internal govern-
ments of separate independent States, bound to-
gether by one common government over commu-
nities separate among themselves and constituting
us a nation as regards the world at large; but the
opinions universally entertained at the time the
convention sat which framed the Federal Consti-
tution. No abler man, with rare exceptions, at
least, if any, than Mr. Wilson, of Pennsylvania,
was found in thatconvention. His name appeared
as an active'participator in all its debates. He
was one of the framers of the Constitution, pecu-
liarly entitled to our gratitude, and one of its most
ardent supporters, both in its original formation
and in iis adoption by his own State. I read from
a speech which he made in favor of the adoption
of the Constitution by the people of Pennsylvania,
in the convention of that State, and I read it in
order to show the danger of consolidation into a
single government, which is inevitably incident to
the subjugation of the soutltern States by the
military power:
" The United States may adopt any one of four different
systems. They may become consolidated into one Gov-
ernment,in which the sepai ate existence of the States«liaU
be entirely absolved. They may reject any plan of union
or association, and act as scpaiate and unconnected States.
They may foim two or more confederacies. They may
unite in one federal lepnblic. Which of'these systems
ought to have been formed by the convention ? To support
with, vizor a single Government over the whole extent of the
United States would demand a system of the most unqualified
and most unremitted despotism. Such a number of separate
States, contiguous in situation, unconnected am] disunited
in government, would be at one time the prey of foreign
foice, foreign influence, and foreign intrigues ; at another
the victims of mutual rage, rancoi, and revenge. Neither
of these systems Jound advocates in the late convention. I
presume they will not find advocates in this."
After discussing the relative merits of a union
of two or more republics, or into one, he speaks of
"the remaining system," which was adopted,
" as a union of them into one confederate, republic."
No man can doubt that the words " confederate"
and "Federal"are synonymous,and when applied
to this republic or any other, imply, from the
force of the words, a common government over
separate independent communities.
I have read it, sir, to warn gentlemen that the
system of government adopted in 1787 is incon-
sistent with the prosecution of war for the sub-
jection of the South; and yet you cannot execute
the laws, as you claim to do, within the confed-
erate States without their entire conquest and sub-
jugation. You must, if successful, convert—and
it has been threatened by many leading papers,
and by at least one leading member of the Admin-
istration, that you will convert this Government
into a single Government, and absolve all State
lines. In answer to such a purpose, and as an
all-sufficient objection to it, I give you the great
general truth enunciated by Mr. Wilson, that a
government of that kind, to exist over the extent
of tins country, must be "a.system of the most
unqualified and unremitting despotism." Sir, J
