14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Executive Usurpation—Mr.. Bayard.
Senate.
would preserve the Union. Why? To preserve
the liberties of my country. If the Union is to be
made themeans of prostrating thoseliberties, then
it is far better that the Union should be aban-
doned than that free institutions should be abol-
ished. I value and cherish it, not merely because
it gives us a powerful Government; but because
its power secures and protects the individual lib-
erty of the citizen, and because the Union, under
a Federal Constitution, will perpetuate republican
institutions, and preserve self-government by the
people.
By war you may subjugate and devastate the
southern States; but the large Army you must
permanently maintain to keep them in subjection
will inevitably, in the end, subvert our own insti-
tutions and convert a republic into an autocracy.
It is easier to organize than to disband a large
army; and more difficult still to disband a dictator
when you have yielded to him the power of the
sword and the purse, and subordinated the civil
to £he military power.
But have Senators reflected on the effects of
civil war upon the'character and habits of the
people, and its demoralizing influences? Let me
give you the portraiture of those effects and influ-
ences, in the language of the same great states-
man; because the truth is general and as appli-
cable to our times as to the day in which he Jived:
" Civil wars," said Mr. Burke—
" Civil wars strike deepest of all into the manners of the
people. They vitiate their politics ; they corrupt thi-ii mor-
als; they perverteven the natural taste and relish .of equity
and justice. By teaching us to consider our fellow-citizens
in a hostile light, the whole body of our nation becomes
giadualiy less dear to us. The very names of affection and
kindred, winch were the bond of charity vvhiist we agreed,
become new incentives to hatied and rage when the com-
munion ol our country is dissolved. We may flatter our-
Belves that we shall not fall into this misfortune ; but we
have no chguer of exemption that 1 know of from the or-
dinary frailties of our nature."
If the language of the statesman will not con-
vince you, take ihecorroborationin the experience
of the soldier: ■
" It has been my fortune to have seen much of war—
more than most men. I have been constantly engaged in
the active duties of tiie military profession fiorn bojliood
unlit I have giuwu gray. My life lias been passed in fa-
lmliaiity with scenes ol death andsilflering. Cueuillstances
have placed me in countries where the war was internal—
between opposite parties in the same nation; and rather
than a country 1 loved should be viaited with the calamities
which I have seen, with the unutterable liorrois of civil
war, I would run any.nsk; I would make any sacrifice ; 1
would freely lay down my life. There is nothing which
destroys properly and prosperity, and demoralizes character
to the extent winch civil war does. By it the hand of man
is raised a;aiust his neighbor, agiwist his brother, against
luj lather, the servant betrays Ills master, and tile master
ruins Ins seivant."
Such was the experience of the great Duke of
"Wellington.and I pray God we may profit by that
experience before it is too late. Sir, it may be that I
have a more vivid imagination, or that my nerves
are less firm than those of mybrotherSenators;but
I confess, that when I think of the blood that must
flow in this contest, this unnatural contest, ofthe
devastation that must ensue, of the human lives
that must be sacrificed,a shudder runs tlnough my
frame and ray heart sickens with despair. I am
for peace, tm armistice and negotiation, whether
by a general convention or by treaty, or in any
other mode; I care not for the mode, if civil war
can be terminated, and peace come to my country.
I would receive the proposals of those who have
at least been once our brethren. I would yield
nothing which 1 thought degraded the United
Slates, 01- subverted our form of government; but
I would, by compromise, i us tore them to the
Union if possible. If that were impracticable, I
would part with them in peace, on a just and equit-
able settlement. We know that th'ey claim their
independence, and offer to account for all the pub-
lic property winch they have taken;that they have
neither invaded us, nor expressed any opinion to
invade us; but claim their own right of self-gov-
ernment, founded on "the consent of the gov-
erned." If their terms of settlement be unjust,re-
ject them, and continue the war until they submit to
just terms and an equitable adjustment. But you
must receive their offers before you can decide on
their admissibility, unless, indeed, unconditional
submission be, like the demand of Great Britain
from our ancestors, your absolute determination.
Those ancestors owed allcgiance to the crown of
England, and rebelled; the Government of Eng- i
land said without cause. Eleven States have
revolted by the collective action of their people
against the Federal Government, and you say
without cause. Admitting that they have exag-
gerated their causes of complaint; admitting that
they were precipitate in their action, and that their
sense of insecurity to their property and social in-
stitutions under the Federal Government has been
entirely over-estimated; yet I tell you that it is a
truth which the records of history will not gainsay,
that " such an event as the disaffection and revolt
of a whole people never took place without.sonjie
considerable errors of conduct observed towards
them."
Senators, I am well aware that the Administra-
tion and an overwhelming majority of Congress do
not and will not assent to my views; that'you
regard force and war as the true and only mode
of preserving the Union, whilst I have a confident
belief that the continuance of war will inevitably
subvert the Republic, and substitute a military
government for civil liberty, and a government
of laws. I am satisfied that you have determined
on war. I impugn no man's motives, though I
dissent from your judgment, and condemn your
policy of war. Resistance, however, to the will
of such a majority, I know to be futile and hope-
less, and I mean to embark in no factious oppo-
sition to. your practical measures; your practical
legislation, therefore, has met, and will meet no
cavils or objections from me;except, indeed, bills
should be introduced, palpably violating the Con-
stitution of my country. With you rests the re-
sponsibility, and as I cannot conscientiously sup-
port a course of action which is against my con-
viction, nor wisely contend witli*a majority which
I know to be irresistible, I shall await that change
in public sentiment which I feel confident will
take place, when the hour of passionate excite-
ment has passed, and the blighting influences of
civil war have awakened what Fisner Ames well
called " the sober second thoughtof the people."
Much as I dissent from the President's message
in its mode of stating facts, its arguments, and its
omissions, I forbear even a single comment, open
as I believe it to just criticism. 1 leave that task
to others, by whom, in my opinion, it has been
well performed. But I have some hope, some
faint hope, that you may bo induced to refrain
from passing the resolution now before the Sen-
ate, which involves no practical legislation, unless
indeed there isan intent—which I do not suppose
—to suspend, by indirection, the writ of habeas
corpus in the future. I proceed now to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
The joint resolution imports not merely an ap-
proval of the acts of the President, but a declara-
tion that all the acts enumerated in the preamble
are to be, "in all respects,legal and valid, to the
same intent and with the same effectas if they had
been issued and done under the previous express
authority and direction of the Congress of the
United States." As regards four of those acts,
it would be very immaterial whether you passed
this resolution or not; as regards the other two,
it is of the last impoitance to the liberty of every
man in the United States that you should not
pass it.
The preample recites the act of the President
in calling volunteers into the service on the 15th
of April; to the act of blockade of certain ports on
the 19th of April, and of other ports on the 27th
of April, by executive authority, when no law
authorized the executive to exert such a power.
The fourth act recited relates to the suspension of
the wiitof habeas corpus, and the delegation of
the power to suspend it to a subordinate officer
under the President; the fifth to the proclamation
increasing the Army of the United States, and
calling additional volunteers into service; and the
sixth to a further suspension of the habeas corpus
act.
The first three and the fifth are all provided for
by laws which you have passed, or will pass at
this session. You have provided for the volun-
teers that were called out on the 15th of April.
That sanctions the act, as far as you can sanction
it, and piovidcs for the payment of the men. I do
notdispute your right to do that. Youhave passed
a bill to authorize a blockade of the ports of cer-
tain States in the future; and though, on your
theory, I consider that Congress has no authority
to institute or authorize such a blockade; yet, on
mine, I do not deny the constitutionality of the
act, if it is passed by virtue of the war-making
power, for that is in the absolute discretion of Con-
gress. And what is blockade but a belligerent
right? .Who ever heard of it under any other
aspect, or by any other name ? If you are at war,
you can declare a blockade; and to be at war, it
is not necessary that you should formally declare
war against those States; but if by your acts you
recognize a state of war with them, beyond all
question war exists as between these United States
and the confederate States. You have done so
by many acts; you will do so by more. I do not
therefore dispute your right of blockade, though
I deny that within the intent of the Constitution,
you could blockade a port of a State still in the
Union; in consistence with that provision of the
Constitution which inhibits Congress from giving
a preference to the ports of one State over those
of another. I do not mean to enter into that argu-
ment, because I admit your authority under the
war power, and I know that we are now in a state
of civil war; and you have actually lecognized a
war between these eleven States and the United
States Government, though youhave not formally
declared it.
Mr. President, what is the rule as among na-
tions? During our last war with Great Britain,
she had possession of a portion of our territory
in the State ofMaine—Eastportand the surround-
ing country. The courts of the United States
decided that the laws of the United States were
suspended within that territory in the possession
of a foreign enemy during the time that it was
in their actual possession, and precisely the same
principle applies to civil war that the laws of the
United States are suspended where the possession
is in the party at war with the Government—call
them by what name you please—rebels, revolu-
tionists, or enemies. The doctrine in England
always was that the laws were suspended, the
habeas corpus act and all, within that portion of
the territory where the king's court could not be
opened. I do not deny that the President may
exercise military powers there; but I deny that
in the States which belong to the Union, in which
the courts are open, in which justice can be ad-
ministered between man and man, Ihe military
can be made predominant over the civil power,
either by Congress or by the President, without
a gross violation of the Constitution.
1 come next to the question of the Army. No
man could pretend to affirm that the Presidentlmd
authority to iuciease the Army of the United
States without a precedent law. No one for a
moment could deny that the power to raise and in-
crease the Army is not vested in Congress. You
have approved the increase in the only mode in
which you can legitimately sanction such an act.
You have approved it bypassing a bill providing
for the organization of that Army, and for the
present and future pay of that Army. I do not
deny your right to do that. The measure is per-
fectly legitimate when you have determined on
war, and if you choose to sanction the conduct
of the President by appiopriate legislation, 1 shall
offer no vain opposition to your measures, be-
cause I differ with your policy when I find the
majority here determined on that policy.
But, sir, the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus has a very different aspect if approved by
Congress, if you think that the state of the coun-
try and the public exigency require that the writ
of habeas corpus should be suspended, do it openly
in the face of the country; do it by your legisla-
tion; but do not attempt to do it indirectly; do
not an act which you will hereafter 1 egret, which
will strike the most fatal blow at the liberties of
this country which has ever yet been stricken, by
the affirmation of the power m a President of the
United States—a single man—to suspend the writ
o(habeas corpus whenever in his discretion he may
think such suspension advisable. Such is the effect
of your resolution. The resolution is improper,
because if you think the writ ought to be sus-
pended, you can suspend it by your own action.
You have a right, under that action, to designate
the States in which it shall be suspended, and to
limit the time for which it shall be suspended.
That is the course which has always been adopted
in Great Britain for the last two hundred years,
