1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3*7™ Cong.... 1st Sess.
Executive. Usurpation—Mr. Bayard..
Senate.
whenever it was necessary under any emergency
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, the great writ
of right which is the sole remedy of the subject to
secure Ills rig lit of personal liberty and personal
freedom; which is the sole remedy for freedom
of the citizen here. It has been done by act of
Parliament always, and no king of England in
two hundred years past has ever ventured to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, though, until the
judiciary became independent of the crown, his
judges sometimes evaded the issuance of the writ.
'Still less did any king of England ever claim the
power of delegating such a high discretionary au-
thority tcvany subordinate officer. Sir, the power
is incapabkof delegation, whether it is in the Pres-
ident of the United States or in the Congress of
the United States; and yet the President of the
United States, according to his order as given and
I believe correctly given in the newspapers, though
X have not seen it elsewhere, and according to the
recital of this resolution, did not himself tlecide
that the state and condition of any part of the
country required that the writ should be suspend-
ed, and the remedy for the civil liberty of the cit-
izen thrown aside, but delegated the right of de-
cision upon the political exigency which might
justify and require the suspension of the sole rem-
edy for the liberty of every citizen of the United
Stales to military and subordinate officers. If the
right exisls in him, he had no power of delega-
tion. If the right exists ill us, it was palpable
usurpation. And yet you propose not only to
approve,but to affirm the validity of an actdirectly
111 the face of the Federal Constitution.
The President, ill his message, claims that the
power is vested in him as the Executive, to sus-
pend the wilt of habeas corpus in his discretion.
J11 the message, he alluded to the opinion of the
Attorney General which has since been furnished
to Congiess. In that opinion the Attorney Gen-
eral, by an argument the most extraordinary
winch ever fi-11 from the pen of a lawyer, attempts
to sustain the same doctrine. If the Congress of
the United States not only approves the act, but
affirms Us validity and legality, I ask where is
our Government? The whole power of the purse
and the sword you have given to him; the unlim-
ited command of men and money. You have
voted $500,000,000 and five hundred thousand
men ; and yuu now, by the indirecLaetion ofaftirm-
ing an unconstitutional act, propose to yield to
him the right to arrest any citizen of these free
United Suites on suspicion, without proof of guilt,
and without process of law.
Sir, can it be that the Senate will pass such a
resolution as this without striking out these clauses
at least? Strike them out, and 1 caie little for the
resolution. Ill the case of blockade,I am willing
to leave it to the courts. You cannot legalize a
past act by your now determination, where it in-
volves a foifeiture; and therefore, if the Piesident
had no right to declare a blockade—if a vessel was
intercepted before your law passes, and the case
comes before the courts—the courts will decide,
without le fere nee to your resolution, whether the
President Had authority to institute the blockade;
for if he hail not, of course there could bo no for-
feituic under it. To pass such a law and make
it retroactive is clearly to pass an ex post facto
law. It involves a penalty arising out of an act
made criminal, by subsequent legislation, which
was not enminal or prohibited by the law at the
time when the act was done; that is, the attempt
of any vessel to sail from or enter into any of tiie
ports of the seceded States. On what principle
can you, in the face of the Constitution, affirm
by legislation such action as that? You are injt
vested with judicial power; the judicial power is,
by the Constitution, given to the Supiemc Court
and the suboidinate courts that you have estab-
lished. If you arrogate to yourselves judicial
powers, you are departing plainly from the man-
date of the Constitution; and you are destroying
the Government, wliich is made a free Govern-
ment by a division of the powers of government
between separate and coordinate departments ,
the judiciary being by far the weakest of them
all. But if, in addition to sanctioninga blockade I
instituted without color of law, the Congress of j
the United States chooses to vest in the Presi- ;
dent, by indirectaction, judicial power to dcterm-
ine when the citizen's liberty shall be taken from I
him for any extent of time, at his discretion, it
is perfectly certain that you are establishing a
mere absolutism, and that you have abandoned
your form of government altogether.
Sir, I do not propose to enter into any longdisr
cussion about this writ of habeas corpus. The de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States,
(which, differing from the learned Attorney Gen-
eral, I consider does settle principles and not
merely decide cases,) made more than fifty years
ago, held that the suspension of the writ was a
legislative and not an executive power; and I con-
sider the decision of the Chief Justice in the case
of Men-yman so utterly' unanswerable that it
would be an idle attempt on my part to expect to
reach or to change'the opinions of a man who
could read it and remain unconvinced. It has
gone to the people of the country. I thiirk the
people of thecountry will appreciate the force and
power of the opinion when the time of excite-
menthas passed; and I trust it is passing rapidly.
But, sir, there are some things connected with
this writ that it is necessary I should advert to.
My objection relates to your affirmance of the
validity of the power of the President to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus whenever, in his discre-
tion, he thinks the circumstances justify it; that
he is to be the judge of the political exigency
which requires the suspension of the writ. Such
is his claim. This resolution, if passed, affirms
that claim,and approves and declares the suspen-
sion of the writ to be a power vested in the Ex-
ecutive and capable of delegation. The language
of your resolution is, thai the suspension is de-
clared to be " in all respccts legal and valid," and
you embody in that resolution no demal-of the
claim of power; and where, then, stand the peo-
ple of the United States in the future ? A single
man becomes a despot; he has the power of the
purse and the sword, and you give him the abso-
lute control over the liberty of every citizen in
the United States, to be exercised by himself or
any subordinate officer to whom he may see fit to
confide its exercise, 111 the absolute discretion of
either the Piesident or the subordinate.
The Attorney General has given an opinion in
support of this power in the Executive; and I pur-
pose commenting on, at most, two of his conclu-
sions. First, let me make a short statement^
reference to the writ of habeas corpus, and read
one or two authorities in connection with it. The
clause of the Constitution which restricts the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, except ill cases
of rebellion or invasion, merely secures the rem-
edy of the citizen against illegal imprisonment,
and the only remedy which the laws provide.
The right to liberty, and freedom from imprison-
ment, without due process of law, is secured by
the Constitution of the United Slates beyond your
power to violate, as well as beyond the power of
the President, unless you mean to trample upon
that Constitution. What is the language of the
fifth article of the amendments to the Constitu-
tion? That no person shall "be compelled, in
any criminal case, to be a witness against himself,
nor be deprived of life, liberty, or pi operty, with-
out due process of law." If you arrest him and
confine him, do you not dopiivc him of liberty?
Is it by " due process of law," if the airest is
made by the military power without oath, with-
out judicial investigation, without evidence of
probable cause founded upon oath? The words
"due process of law" have their own settled mean-
ing, which no lawyer has ever doubted. They
come from Magna Charta; " the law of the land, ''
and " due process of law," meaning one and the
same thing. If you want the exposition of their
meaning, you have but to turn to Coke's Second
Institute in order to find it. jXlagna Charta re-
stricted the power of the crown, because the con-
test then was between the crown and the barons,
repiesenting themselves and the people of Eng-
land; but in our country, and in all the States, as
well as in the Federal Constitution, the restriction
and the protection it sccuies to the liberty ofevei y
citiz"n applies to all departments of the Govern-
ment—the Legislature, the Executive, or the ju-
diciary. .A man's right to his personal liberty,
unless on a warrant issued for a civil debt, or on
due process of law for a criminal charge founded
on probable cause, substantiated by oath, is se-
cured in the constitution of every State of this
Union, and in the Constitution of the United
States; and Congress has no powef of suspending
the right, even in case of rebellion, insurrection,
or war, thougto it may suspend the remedy bf
habeas corpus, in cases when, from rebellion, or
invasion, the public safety requires such suspen-
sion. Tiie only exception to the invasion ofHhe cit-
izen 's right of liberty, without due process of law,
ia " in cases arising in the land and naval forces,
or in the militia, wlien in actual service in time
of war or public danger." I admit that in those
States in which by war the laws are suspended,
the right and the remedy ore suspended, tirid you
may exercise in them the rights of a belligerent;
hut in the States in the Union, if the habeas corpus
act were suspended by Congress, the President
would have 110 right to arrest by military power.
Hecouldonly lawfully arrestthe citizen notfound
in arms against the Government by the civil
power, and for probable cause of guilt, founded
upon oath. It is true, though, that if you take
away the only remedy which the law gives for a
judicial investigation, if the..arrest is made, the
party is entirely helpless; and therefore,it is that
the suspension of the remedy has been often con-
founded with the suspension of the right.* The
right stands beyond your power, without a vio-
lation of the Constitution. The remedy—and the
only remedy—which secures the right, you may
suspend in certain conditions of the country,
where the public safety require? it; but the discre-
tion to suspend is vested in Congress, and notin
the executive branch of the Government.
We have derived this remedy by habeas corpus
from the common law. We have also derived the
great principle that the citizen shall not be de-
prived of his personal liberty, except by " due
process of law " from the common law, and have
incorporated it into our fundamental law, as the
inviolate right of every •American citizen. Let
us recur to the law as it existed in England when
these States were colonies, for by such reference
only can we reach a correct construction of the
intent with which these clauses in relation to "due
process of law," and the writ of habeas corpus
were inserted in the Constitution.
No one doubts that by the law of England
since Magna Charter, if not before, no subject
could be deprived of his liberty without "due pro-
cess of law," and was entitled of right to the writ
of habeas corpus for the purpose of a judicial inves-
tigation into the cause of his confinement. Yet
in"practice the crown frequently invaded the per-
sonal liberty of the subject, and disregarded the
writ, and there was a long struggle between the
Commons and the crown for this great remedy,
because without the remedy the right was a nul-
lity, and the subject was at the mercy of the
crown; and his liberty could be invaded at pleas-
ure, without " due process of law," by arbitrary
and unlawful arrest and confinement. To show
the character of this writ, and demonstrate that
the authority to suspend it was always a legisla-
tive and not an executive power, I will read from
an entry on the Commons'Journal, made on the
3d of April, 1C28, during the reign of the Stuarts,
in which the law is declared, while the contest
for the liberty of the subject against arbitrary ar-
rest by the crown was still in progress between
the Commons of England and the crown:
" Rcsoh-ed upon question, That the writ of kahem corpus
mav not be denied, but ought to be granted to every man
tli.it ia coimmlted-or detained in ptison. or otherwise re-
strained, though it be by the command of the king, the
privy council, or any other, lie praying the same—without
one negative."
That is the resolution of the British House of
Commons without dissentin 1628. I find further,
on turning to the Lords' Journal in February,
1704, privileged as they were and hereditary as
was their rank, that they valued the civil liberty
of their countrymen:
" Resolved, That every Englishman who is imprisoned
by any jiutliority whatsoever, lias an undoubted right, by his
agents or friends, to apply for and obtain a writ of habeas_
corpus in ordei to procure his liberty, by due conr&u of
law."
Again, sir, on a representation made to the
crown on the 15th of March, 1704, by the Lords,
it is said with great distinctness:
"Tthas been allowed, by the known common law, it is
tlie right of every subject under lestraint, upon demand, to
have tiie writ of habeas corpus, and thereupon to be brought
