1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Executive Usurpation—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
difference in the place of incarceration is, that Fort
MeHenry and your other forts may have no dun-
geons, but the restraint upon the liberty of the
party is just as arbitrary and unlawful. The
restiaint, too, is claimed as discretionary in the
duration of imprisonment. The punislimentis the
same, though it may not be characterized by the
same brutality in the mode of confinement. If a
man can be arrested and imprisoned at discretion,
without proof of any criminal act—I mean prima
facie proof, legai proof sufficient to hold him for
trial—and can be held in prison for an indefinite
time without being brought to trial, (which he can
be if this great writ of right is suspended,) there
is no remedy for him whatever. 1 ask, where is
the liberty remaining to a single American citizen
with such an exercise of authority by the Pres-
ident sanctioned by the legislative power of the
Union?
Mr. President, there is no other distinction be-
tween the condition of France under Louis XIV
and the present condition of these United States,
if this resolution be passed. The Bastile had its
dungeons; the forts have none. Louis XIV alone
issued his lellres de cachet; but the President of the
United States delegates a general power to one or
ten different officers to arrest and imprison guilt-
less men, whenever the officer chooses to suspect
them of criminal complicity; and all this is to be
sanctioned and continued in the face of a Consti-
tution which we had supposed gave us, as citizens
of a free country, free institutions, in contradis-
tinction to the absolutism which reigned in France
under Louis XIV.
Sir, there are other singular dicta, shall I call
them, or propositions contained in this opinion—
and it will be a celebrated opinion hereafter—of the
learned Attorney General. He even undertakes,
from the foim of the oath, to infer the grant of
additional powers to the Executive—a singular in-
ference indeed for a lawyer to draw in reference
to a written Constitution and frame of govern-
ment consisting of specially delegated powers. If
the proposition were correct, inasmuch as the
oath which is administered to us and to the judges
of the Supreme Court is one and the same—that is,
to support the Constitution of the United States—
it would be difficult to define and distinguish our
respective powers. There is, at least, the merit of
novelty in the idea, that the powersgrantedunder
a written instrument are to bo cither enlarged or
decreased by the mere form of the oath to be ad-
ministered to the party to support that instrument
and perform his duties under it. It is such loose
doctrines that lead to arbitrary power.
He further uses the argument that this writ of
habeas corpus is m the nature of an appeal, and
that therefore, as faras concerns the President, it
would be an assumption on the part of the judi-
cial power to overrule his decision. Wot so, Mr.
President; the principle is perfectly familiar to
cverylawycr. Thecourtshavedecided that where
a court of general jurisdiction, having-jurisdiction
of the particular offense, convicts the party, or
commits him on proper process, it is not for them
to revise and correct the irregularity of the judg-
ment by an appeal on the writ of habeas corpus;
but that is because it is the judgment of a court
of justice having competent jurisdiction. Where,
however, there is defect of jurisdiction, and the
arrest is an excess of authority, it belongs prop-
erly to tile judicial power on the wnt of habeas
coipus to correct the excess and guard "the citizen
against unlawful imprisonment. An act done m
excess of authority by any department or officer
is merely void, and it is a judicial question under
the Constitution to determine the extent of au-
thority. A justice of the peace has a special juris-
diction under the Constitution, and so has the
President a special jurisdiction. Where ten jus-
tices of the peace committed a man on insufficient
grounds, the Supreme Court, without hesitation,
after sentence, as the justices had not pursued
their authority, discharged the party on a return
to the writ of habeas corpus. It was a conviction
for non-payment of militia fines. The books are
full of similar illustrations.
The learned Attorney General also contends
that the act of habeas corpus could not be directed
to the President personally, where a citizen is
unlawfully arrested by his order, and infers there-
fore that it may be disobeyed by the officer who
New Series—No. 2.
has executed the order, and has the custody and
control of the party arrested. It is a sufficient
answer to say that an unlawful arrest b^order of
the king or privy council could alwayg"t>e rem-
edied by this writ, nor could the officer executing
the order refuse obedience to it.
In England he would be compelled to make re-
turn to the writ, and produce the'person in his
custody at the time of its service, with the cause
of detention; and the court would discharge, if
there was either defect of authority, or insufficient
cause of detention shown. I have yet to learn
that the courts of justice in the United States have
less power to protect the liberty of the citizen
against the arbitrary order of a President, than
the King's Bench has to protect the liberty of the
subject in England against unlawful arrest by the
order of the monarch. There are other fallacies
in this opinion which, from want of time, I forbear
to notice.
Let me pass to the consideration of the clangers
incident to such a claim of power in the Execu-
tive,if admitted. Honorable Senators on the other
side may think little of affirming this claim now;
but nations, as well as individuals, arc governed
by habits, and habits fetter both the nation and
the individual quite as effectually, and render them
us helpless as Gulliver, when bound down by the
little pack threads of the Lilliputians. Precedents
which strike at great and fundamental principles,
and violate the Constitution and the laws in times
of high excitement, may be established by the
party in power to-day. Rely upon it, if they live
somewhat longer, in the progress of events, they
will find that in the future (hey may become sub-
ject to the same dangers themselves to which now
they are exposing all who arc opposed to the
policy and measures of this Admimstiation. The
law is made, not for the protection of those who
hold power, but for the protection of those who
stand opposed to existing power; and no country
has a Government of laws, no country is a free
country, unless the law will protect them; and in
that consists the distinction between a republic or
a limited monarchy as a Government of laws, and
a mere Government of will, which is a despotism.
Sir, I quote again from Mr. Burke:
" Farties are too apt to foiget"—
Referring to a bill for the partial suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus—  
"their own safety in their desire of sacrificing their ene-
mies. People without much difficulty admit the entiance
ot that injustice of which tlii-y aie not to he ihc immediate
victims in tunes oi ptoeeeihnij, it is never the fac-
tion of the {Hcdommant powei that i< m danger, for no
tyranny cha-jii^es its own mstiumeiiN. Il i< the obnoxious
and the suspected who want the protection ot'law "
The whole distinction between agovemmentof
will and a fiee government consists in this: that
a man cannot be condemned, cannot be deprived
of his personal liberty or his property except ac-
cording to the law of the land; or, in the language
of Justice Curtis, without the right of contest, of
being heard, and of having a judicial decision and
a verdict of a jury affirming the evidence of his
guilt. Sir, let me test this doctrine of suspicion
111 this way, and see how absurd it becomes. The
Constitution of the United States and the consti-
tutions of every State of this Union prohibit any
man from being deprived of his liberty except by
due process of law, and they secure him against
conviction in criminal cases, unless on indictment
and by verdict of his peers establishing his guilt.
Now, sir, if he can be punished 011 suspicion,
then to be suspected of an offense must be pun-
ishable as a crane. Is suspicion an oflense against
the law, or can it be made an oiiense ? Can the
suspicion of one man, however strong or however
probable to him, constitute guilt which would jus-
tify, in natural right or in leasonthe punishment
of another ? Yet you do punish when you arrest
upon suspicion, because to imprison is to punish.
Whether you imprison beforehand for an indef-
inite time by arbitrary power, or whether you
imprison after a verdict of guilt, it is punishment.
The difference is, that ill one case the punishment
is legal as the result of crime judicially ascertained;
in the other it is lawless and tyrannical, for it is
founded upon the mere will of existing power.
Suppose an act were framed and jiasseddcclar-
inc that whenever any citizen in the State of
Maryland, or, if you please, of the city of Balti-
more, was found guilty of being suspected of crime
by the Administration, or any head of a Depart-
ment, on conviction thereof he should be sen-
tenced to so many years imprisonment and so
much fine: how long would the people of the Uni-
ted States submit to such legislation? And yet,
sir, where is the difference? You would have
under such a law, at least, the benefit of the ver-
dict of ajury, and the publicity incident to a trial.
The sense of shame arising from public exposure
might restrain a prosecution without, at least,
some plausible suspicion; but where the arrest
and incarceration on suspicion is without trial,
and at will, there is 110 liberty. If you cannot
create such a crime, and punish the party after
conviction, when you have ascertained judicially
that he has been suspected—plausibly suspectea
on the part of the Executive, or some of his sub-
ordinates—011 what principle is it that you can
punish him by imprisoning him indefinitely at
the will of the President, without hearing, and
without any charge against him other than sus-
picion, arising generally from the insinuations
and whispers of personal enemies, and not unfre-
quently from the excitcd passions and distorted
vision of political opponents?
Mr. President, there can be no security for per-
sonal liberty—there will be none remaining in this
country—if Congress sanction, by this resolution,
the President's claim of power at discretion, not
only for himself, but through any of his military
commanders, to suspend the great writ of habeas
corpus, and take away the remedy which secures
a right you cannot deny to any citizen of the Uni-
ted States, that an offense against its laws shall
be charged upon oath with probable cause, not of
suspicion, but of guilt, and that he shall have a
right to a fair and speedy trial, and only be pun-
ished upon conviction in a court of justice. Sir,
I intend to make 110 imputation upon the motives
of the Presidentof the United States; but I must
utter my disapproval of the view he takes of the
Constitution, and of the mode in which he has
exercised a power not delegated to him. I arraign
not his intentions, because 1 have lived long
enough to know that the best men, with right in-
tentions, have too often, from wrong judgment,
perpetrated the greatest and the foulest wrong.
But X take his acts—and I judge from what has
passed of what will pass—when you have re-
moved the lingering doubt that appears oil the
face of his message, and have affirmed that his
claim of discretionary power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus is rightfully made, and that all
the acts which have been done under that claim
of power in the past have been rightfully done.
Merryman was arrested in the city of Ealti-
moie—for what? For past acts, as far as we
know or as was alleged. He has since been in-
dicted for these acts—which were past acts at
the time of his arrest—treason against the United
States. He has been handed over to the civil
power for trial, and has given bail, after"having
been kept in confinement by unauthorized au-
thority for many months; and whether it was a
month, or three months, or a week, the imprison-
ment was none the less an utter violation of the
Constitution. But the President did not stop
there. The city of Baltimore was then quiescent;
the mob which existed there (and it was a mob)
was put down by the civil power of the city;
order was entirely restored; and the courts of the
United States have been always open. Long
after, a new actor appears in the arena; and an-
other officer of the United States, under the au-
thority of the President, not only arrests on sus-
picion, without charge oil oath, the chief police
officer of Baltimore, but without even the allega-
tion of suspicion. He supersedes in their func-
tions the police commissioners of that city existing
under the authority of the laws of Maryland, and
having the control and safeguard of its municipal
protection. They were superseded withouteven
the semblance of a suspicion charged or stated.
Is such an act within the authority of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or of his military com-
manders? When these commissioners protested
against this course of action, and refused to dele-
gate to others powers intrusted to them by the
Legislature of Maryland solely for municipal pur-
poses, and exercised for no other purpose, he
arrested them, too; and they are still imprisoned
