20
■APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
37th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Defense of ihe Union—-Mr. Latham.
Senate.
by the officers that they should be allowed to de-
part in peace was openly violated, and the troops
are now held as prisoners. State after State passed
laws preventing northern creditors from collecting
their debts within their limits, thus repudiating
millions of dollars due people of the North, add-
ing thereby State injustice and dishonor to their
national turpitude.
I need not continue the enumeration of these
acts of aggression committed by these southern
States, for they are familiar to all here, as well as
to the country. They are only alluded to now
for the purpose of showing that it was the settled,
fixed policy of your Government—a false policy
as it was and as it turned out—in allowing these
first acts with impunity. It failed,utterly failed,
to convince these people that they were not only
committing outrages, but violating the Constitu-
tion of the country.
When Congress adjourned in the month of
March last, it was the belief, at separation, that,
between the time of our adjournment and the reg-
ular meeting in the month of December, there
would be a restoration to good sense, and that,
in a spirit of compromise, they would come foi-
ward to settle the disturbances by which the
country was agitated. Such, however, has not
been the case. Magnanimity was construed into
pusillanimity, and forbearance shown into con-
clusive evidence to their minds that the Govern-
ment was too weak, too cowardly or supine, to
assert its power or dignity. A fort in the har-
bor of Charleston, in the possession of a handful
of soldiers, commanded by a brave officer, was
beheld by this Government and the civilized world,
day after day and week after week, to be girdled
and hemmed in by fortifications totally impreg-
nable in their character. Its commander on the
one hand menaced and really besieged by the dire
necessity of hunger; they, on their side, anxious
to enlist in the common cause the wavering border
States, an assault was commenced with the very
guns of the nation upon the already conquered
fort. Not content, as the Senator from Texas
(Mr. Wigfall) said upon this floor, with "slap-
ping the Government of the United States in the
face"—•ftlfmlmg' to the /inng upon the Star of the
"West—they found it necessary for their purpose
to trample the flag of our country under their feet
in humiliation and disgrace. Then it was that
the people of the United States at once responded
as one man: "We will assert the dignity of our
Government, and show to the civilized world that
we belong, as we have been classified, among the
first Powers of the universe,"
Mr. President, this is not a war of the Repub-
lican party against the southern States. The fact
that it has the cordial suppoit of one million of
the people of the North, who cast their votes Cor
the Democratic nominees, negatives any sueludea.
Men who have been classified as leaders of the
Democratic party ure among your volunteers;
yea, sir, the majority of those in command, as
well as of the volunteers themselves, so far as
my information extends, have always been, and
arc now, the supporters of the principles of the
Democratic party. In my own native State, Ohio,
sixteen out of twenty-three colonels are Demo-
crats, and the rank and file are of greater propor-
tion. Many of the ablest advocates of the Dem-
ocratic party are in command; and the chairman
of the national committee of the party of which
my friend from Kentucky was the nominee, ren-
ders his services, from the far-off shores of the
Pacific, to the Government in any capacity. The
issue is simply whether you will have a Govern-
ment at all; and not by what political principles
it is to be kept in existence after its vitality is re-
stored. It is not whether this party or that pat ly
shall be dominant in your country; but whether
you will maintain the position which, as a Gov-
ernment, you have heretofore occupied in the eyes
of the civilized world?.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] in his classification of the shades of
opinion upon this floor, alleged that there were
three. Sir, there are four opinions represented
here. There is the opinion of those who occupy
the other side of the Chamber. A majority of
their number, I believe, prosecute this war merely
for the purpose of sustaining and upholding the
constituted authorities of the Government m all
constitutional efforts to carry out its great ob-
jects. There is a portion of that party who seek
to make this the occasion to raise a hue and cry
againstthe institution of slavery; and, under the
plea of serving the Union and the Constitution,
to destroy the rights of the southern people in
their slave property. Upon this side of the Cham-
ber there are those belonging to the Democratic
party who can find no condemnation for the acts
of these southern States; who withhold their sup-
port from the Government of the United States in
sustaining itself in this great controversy; who
have in their minds a settled determination to let
these States do as they please, even to dismem-
berment and separation. There are still others on
this side of the Chamber, myself among that num-
ber, who have never changed one jot or tittle of
our opinion as to the institution of slavery itself,
and the duties of the Government m its protection
as a property right; who believe it their bounden
duty to give both voice and vote to sustain the
constituted authorities by all constitutional means.
I allege that, so far as my observation has gone,
the purposes, the only purposes, in the carrying
out, if not the inauguration of this war, are those
which the majority of this body have, by their
votes, unmistakably indicated—not to depiive the
people of the South of their property; not to wage
a crusade against the institution of slavery; not,
under the banner of the Union, to seek deprive
these men of their property; but, as a Democratic
general from Massachusetts said, it is by the
strong arm of the Government u to enforce law
among both the black and the white population
in the States now in rebellion against your Gov-
ernment."
Sir, I saw the other day a resolution which,
according to my idea, comes up to the whole spirit
of this contest, adopted by the State of New
I-Iamphire by an almost unanimous vote:
"Resolved, That the contest now existing between the
Government and the disloyal States that have commenced
an unjustifiable anil treasonable war upon its constitutional
authority, should be regarded by all loyal men, not as a
sectional war, not an anti-slavery wai, nor a war of con-
quest and subjugation, but simply and solely a war for the
maintenance* ol the Government, the suppiessmn of u-hi I-
hon, and tin* preservation ol llie Magna Chartaof oui hb-
eily and national unify.1'
The convention of so-styled Breckinridge Dem-
ocrats of my own State, held in June last, hud
also a resolution offered in a minority report,
which read ay follows:
" Jlcsoh-etl, That it is the duty of cvety Administration
to uphold iht: Federal Constitution, maintain the mtejjuty
ol'tlie Union, and, at all hazards, entoree tiie law* m every
section tlieieot ; and that it is tile duty of every eitlzett, ill
these nines of inipeiidni!; danger to popular yoverinnent,
to stand loyally and tirmiy by the Constitution and laws of
ins country."
These resolutions announce the doctrine to
which I give my support. Whenever it is dis-
covered that the purpose of this war is not to as-
sert the principles laid down ill the resolutions 1
have just read, but that, under the hue and cry of
loyalty to the United States, warfare is waged
against the institution of slavery, to deprive the
people of (he southern States of the exercise of
their property rights, 1 shall raise my voice, and
by my vote put the seal of my condemnation oil
any such purpose. This I am confident is the
wish of my constituency, and I am proud of it.
They want no such purpose. They are unwilling,
as every man who respects humanity and country
should be, to see $1,603,758,056 of property lost
to southern citizens, atul four million slaves turned
loose upon theland, hopeless, houseless, wander-
ing mendicants. I say still more emphatically,
that whenever it appears that it is the settled
policy of the constituted authorities of the land,
not to take " possession of the public property,"
not to " enforce the laws," not to " collect your
revenues," not to give protection to the people of
the Senator fiom Virginia, [Mr. Carlile,] and
all other States, in the exercise of their inestima-
ble privileges under the Constitution; but is to
destroy their property and liberate their slaves,
this Government, belonging essentially to the
"sovereign people," who have taken this matter
in their own hands, and under their own control,
will be just as ready, and as willing, to lay down
their lives against such outrageous infraction and
violation of that sacred instrument, as they are
now to support the Government in exercising
every function within its constitutional sphere.
Mr. President, I have said, that in common
with several gentlemen upon this floor, who have
always been ardent advocates of the principles of
the Democratic party, and who have not changed
their views, we do condemn every single act of
these southern States, in arraying themselves in
liostilityto your Government, 1 assert further,
that when the truthful pen of history comes to
record all of the events so rapidly occurring in our
midst, it will inscribe that no revolution, no act
of rebellion, was ever so unj ustifiable, so in excusa-
ble, so unwarrantable.
Has any legal wrong been done to these States?
Can any gentleman who advocates their cause
point to a law upon your statute-book showing
that any outrage has been committed upon them
or upon their rights? Not one, sir. Was there
anything in the mere election of Mr. Lincoln to
the Presidency which should have caused them
to throw off their allegiance and array themselves
in hostility to your Government? Nothing; noth-
ing whatever. Was it because he was a sectional
President? We had a sectional President and Vice
President as far back as 1828, when Mr. Jackson
and Mr. Calhoun filled the respective positions of
President and Vice President. Was it because
the Government of the United States had failed to
do justice to them ? Not so, sir. They were,
when Mr. Lincoln was elected President, if they
had held their seats in this body and in the House
of Representatives, in just as complete and full
possession of yourGovernment as they ever were.
By the returns of the elections already held dur-
ing the past year, they would have had over
twenty majority in the present House of Repre-
sentatives, and a majouty of four upon this floor.
Their fifteen States gave them thirty Senators.
There was a Democratic Senator herefrom Oregon,
two from California, one from Indiana, one from
Minnesota, one from Illinois, and one from New
Jersey; making twenty-seven. That gave them
a majority, as against the dominant party of
the country, of six. The death of Mr. Douglas
reduced the majority to four. There was a work-
ing majority in this body of four in antagonism
to the principles of the party whose elevation
to power they complained of, and a majority of
ovei twenty in the House of Representatives.
They held the control of the President of the Uni-
ted States so far that he could not have a Cabinet
officer, a minister, nay, sir, not a single appropri-
ation, without their sanction and consent. More
than this; in this particular body—and I do not
speak of it complainingly, because I respect the
men who occupied the several positions here—
they had the supreme and absolute control of all
yourcommittees. Every important committee (a
majority of the Senate selecting them) wasm the
hands of a chairnifyi leprcsenting these States
now in rebellion, and they could have molded and
controlled your policy just as completely as at
any former period.
Now, sir, what is the fact in regard to the com-
mittees? Virginia had the chairmanship of tho
Committee on Foreign E.elations, which was held
by Mr. Mason. The chairmanship of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was held by Mr. Davis;
on Finance, Mr. Hunter, of Virginia; on Naval
Affairs, Mr. Mallory, of Florida; on Commerce,
Mi. Clay, of Alabama; on the Judiciary, Mr.
Bayard, of Delaware; on Post Offices and Post
Roads, Mr. Yulee, of Florida. Tho little State
of Florida, which has not as many votes as one
of the counties of the State that I represent, had
the chairmanship of two of the most important
committees in this body, and every Senator here
knows how much influence the chairman of these
respective committees have in controlling the le-
gislation and action of your Government. Mr.
Chittenden was chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,
of theCommittee on Public Lands; Mr. iverson,
of Georgia, of the Committee on Claims; Mr.
Benjamin, of Louisiana, of the Committee on
Private Land Claims; Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,
of the Committee on the District of Columbia;
Mr. Sebastian, of Arkansas, of the Committee
on Indian Affairs; Mr. Green, of Missouri, of
the Committee on Territories; Mr. Johnson, of
Tennessee, of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate; Mr.
Saulsbury, of Delaware, of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills; and Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, of
the Committee on tho Library. The only posi-
tions allowed to gentlemen on this floor represent-
