1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
37tii Gong.... 1st Sess.
Defense, of the Union—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
ing the northern Democracy, or northern constit-
uency, consisted of Mr. Thomson, ofNew Jersey,
ns chairman of the Committee on Pensions;
Mr. Bigler, of Pennsylvania, as chairman of the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office; Mr.
Bright, of Indiana, as chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds; Mr. Lane, of
Oregon, as chairman of the Committee on En-
grossed Bills; and Mr. Fitch, of Indiana, as chair-
man of the Committee on Printing. Sir, these com-
mittees would have continued so by a majority
of four, and these gentlemen would have occupied
these several positions if the southern Senators
had remained in their seats.
I ask, then, has any outrage over been done to
these States depriving them of their privileges in
controlling and administering your Government?
They have always held the Government in their
power. Sir, I assert, as a member of the Demo-
cratic party, one who has raised his voice always
in support of their principles, and who has never
changed his views relative to their institutions,
that they have held and controlled the Govern-
ment of the country, although they have now but
nine million people, and two thirds of the popu-
lation of the United States reside in the free States.
Why, sir, during the seventy-two years of our
political existence under the Constitution of 1787,
they have had control of the Government for forty-
nine years and three months. They have had
eight southern Presidents to seven northern Pres-
idents. The northern Presidents have had con-
trol of the Government but twenty-two years and
nine months. For over two thirds of the time
since its formation, this Government has been
administered by gentlemen the direct representa-
tives of those States.
But this is not all. When I come to examine
whether, in the several Departments outside of
the head of the Government, any injustice has
been done, what do I find upon the record' A_s
regards the Secretary ofSlate, you have had ten
northern Secretaries and fourteen southern; as to
the Secretary of the Treasury, fourteen northern
and nine southern; as to the Secretary of War,
fifteen northern, sixteen southern; as to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, twelve northern, thirteen
southern; as to the Postmaster General, ten north-
ern and seven southern,; the Attorney General,
ten northern, sixteen southern: seventy-five of
the officers of your respective Cabinets have been
citizens of the South, and but seventy-one of the
North. Taking from 1841 down to the present
period, as to the foreign appointments, which is a
fair criterion—the most important period of the
country—I fmd that to England there imve'been five
ministers from the North and one from the South;
at the Court of France, two from the North and
Ihree from the South; to Prussia, two from the
North and three from the South: altogether, nine
from the Noith andseven from the South. Going
into your Executive Departments, during the late
Administration, which is also a fair criterion, you
fmd that from the northern States there were four
hundred and fifty-eight appointments, and from
the southern States four hundred and thirty-six.
No injustice, then, has been done to those gen-
tlemen m the control of your Government, and
in the administration of its affairs. Their intel-
lect and their genius, which I admire, and which
I am proud to think belonged to our country,
have had a far greater influence than they were
entitled to, according to population, in forming
the institutions of the country. That, then, is
not the reason. Is it because the Government
has not acted fairly towards them upon the local
institution of slavery? Why, sir, in 1793 they
wanted a fugitive slave law passed, and Congress
gave it to them. In 1820.they wanted the Mis-'
souri compromise, and it was given to them. In
1850 they wanted an amendment to the fugitive
slave law, and it'was given to them. In 18o4
they wanted the Missouri compromise repealed,
and it was done. Not one act have they ever
asked from this Government, or from the Ameri-
can people, except one, to which I shall allude
directly, but what has been cheerfully given; and
that, too, by the support of those same Democratic
northern people who now are raising their arms
and their voices to uphold amd support the en-
forcement of the laws against their miserable re-
turn of deep ingratitude.
Is it because the fugitive slave law was not
faithfully executed? If so, why did they not
break up the Government when Mr. Pierce was
elected President in 1852? Every one knows that
immediately after the fugitive slave law was passed
in 1850, greater infractions of it occurred than at
any former period; because itwas a law peculiarly
odious tp the northern people, inasmuch as itgave
double fees to the commissioner for returning; the
fugitive to what it did if he turned him loose. It
was more odious then than at any prior period;
so odious that when the late distinguished Sena-
tor from Illinois went back to his constituency in
the city of Chicago, immediately after its passage,
you all recollect what a reception he met. In
1852, the odium still continued. It continued in
1854 quite as great as, if not greater than, in 1860;
and if that was any reason why the Government
should be broken up and dismembered, it should
have been done when Mr. Pierce or his successor
was elevated to the Presidency. But, sir, in 1860,
I heard the concurrent testimony of the Senators
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright and Mr. Fitch,] and
the Senator from Illinois, (Mr. Douglas,) and Mr.
Pugh from the State of Ohio, and Mr. Bigler from
Pennsylvania, all of whom testified before this
body that in the year 18G0 no law of your Gov-
ernment was more faithfully executed in the North
than the fugitive slave law.
Was it the passage of these personal liberty
bills ? Why, sir, some of them have been upon
the statute-books so long that they are absolutely
obsolete. The personal liberty bills of New
Hampshire and Vermont that were complained of
so bitterly, had gone out of the memory almost
of even the best informed statesmen of that sec-
tion of country, really because—I believe I am
correct ill asserting—not a fugitive slave was ever
arrested in either of those States. Therefore itcould
not have been the passage of those bills. Neither
South Carolina, Alabama, nor Georgia, had
any right to complain, because whatever properly
was lost by the passage, of those bills—unconsti-
tutional, improper, and unjust, as they were—
came from the States of Maryland, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Virginia, and the border States, some
of whom—and I wish I could say all—are even
yet loyal. Those who lead the van ill this rebel-
lion have never been the sufferers from the passage
of any of these laws.
Is it because they have been deprived of the
enjoyment of any of the Territories of the coun-
try? Why, sir, Senators alt recollect very well
that when the resolutions of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. Davis) passed this body by an over-
whelming vote, and Mr. Brown of Mississippi,
offered an amendment asserting that the time had
then arrived when the Government should exor-
cise its duty in the passage of a law protecting the
southern people in their right of slave property
within the Territories, there were but three mem-
bers then from the South who voted for it: Mr.
Mallory of Florida, Mr. Brown of Mississippi,
and Mr. Johnson of Arkansas. The very winter
before Mr. Lincoln was elected to the Presidency,
it was declared in this body, by a vote of forty-two
to three, that there was no such exigency, nor any
necessity for Congress to pass any such law.
Did anything occur, I ask you, between the
adjournmentofthcfirst session of the lastCongress
and the election of Mr. Lincoln, that had changed
the features of the case ? So far as your territory
was concerned, I allege that in every foot of it
within which slavery could exist, and within
which it could in any respect be profitable, it
did exist, and was protected by local, territorial
legislation. I refer to New Mexico, which is not
confined to the line of 3C°30', the old Missouri com-
promise line, butgoes a half degree beyond it. By
the legislation of that Tenitory, slavery, asanin 
stitution,is protected; and yet after all there are but
twelve domes tic slaves, and but thirty in iill, accord-
ing to the census of 1860. I assert still further,
thst so far from their being deprived of any rights
which they might have according to the natural
character of these Territories, the on ly one whore
any man dreams slavery as an institution could
exist, is the territory ofNew Mexico; and there
I am satisfied it car, never be profitable, even
though the Territorial Legislature, Congress, and
every other legislative body throughoutthe whole
country, would give it their sanction and protec-
tion. God Almighty has placed a barrier between
the institution of slavery and that Territory. It
is an arid soil. It is a soil from which none of
the productions for which slave labor is so admir-
ably adapted can be forced. It is a soil utterly
destitute of all the peculiar qualities necessary for
or adapted to the cultivation of cotton, rice, sugar,
or any other productions of slave labor. I speak
upon this question knowingly, having passed
over that Territory twice. Why, sir, as late asthe
months of August and September, upon that high
table land, the nights were so cold, it was with
the utmost difficulty, in passing over, I could pre-
serve any degree of comfortable warmth.
Then, Mr. President, these were none of the
reasons. The history of the country shows they
had no cause of complaint as to the action of the
Government upon any of the questions I have
cited. The only cause ever attempted to be given
upon this floor, was apprehension for the future;
that notwithstanding they had the control of both
branches of Congress and an impartial Supreme
Court, and no one law on the statute-book preju-
dicial to their interests, yet at some future time,
from the foreshadowed policy of the dominant
party, they feared their institutions might be in
jeopardy. Now, sir, I assort that if they had re-
mained on this floor, doing but their duty to the
country, no act of wrong oy the party in power
could ever have been consummated. I allege fur-
ther, that having the control of both branches of
Congress, they could,as the record proves, have
amended the Constitution by a two-thirds vote,
and, having appealed to the States for a three-
fourths vote, so ratified it, that neither Congress
nor the Executive could interfere in any way with
the institution of slavery in the several States.
Why, sir, even after they had left this body, and
when wo wore reduced to barely thirty-six mem-
bers, there were then twenty-four on this floor who
did vote for such an amendment to theConstitution.
It passed then by two thirds in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and requires now but the sanction of
three fourths of the States of the Union to make
the amendment a permanent portion of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. President, being last winter a careful eye-
witness of all that occurred, I soon became sat-
isfied that it was a deliberate, wil Iful design, on the
part of some Representatives of southern States,
to seize upon the election of Mr. Lincoln merely
as an excuse to precipitate this revolution upon
the country. One evidence to my mind is the fact
that South Carolina never sent her Senators here.
An additional evidence is, that when gentlemen
on this floor, by their votes, could have controlled
legislation, they refused to cast them, for fear that
the very propositions submitted to this body might
have an influence in changing the opinions of their
constituencies. Why, sir, when the resolutions
submitted by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] were offered as an amendment to the
Crittenden propositions, for the manifest purpose
of embarrassing the latter; and the vote taken on
the 16th of January, 1861, I ask, what did we
see ? There were fifty-five Senators at that time
upon this floor in person. The Globe of the
second session Thirty-Sixth Congress, part one,
page 409, shows that upon the call of the yeas anil
nays immediately preceding the vote on the sub-
stituting of Mr. Clark's amendment, there were
fifty-five votes cast. I will read the vote, from
the Globe:
"Yeas—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, (Jollainuj, Dixon, Doolittle, l>urkee,Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Killjr,  Sew-
aid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyclc, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—S3. „ „
.<Nay3—Mosrj. Bayaul,Benjamin, Bigler,Bragg, Blight,
Clmgtnan, Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Green,Gwin, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson ol Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
Slidell, and Wigfall—30."
Tlie vote, being taken immediately after on the
Clark proposition, was as follows:
u Y>-VS— Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, CoIliMjaer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkpe, Fes-
sioulen, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—2o.
« Nays—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cllng-
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, lliec, Saulsbury, and Sebas-
tian—23." "
