22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20, 1861.
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Union—Mr. Latham.
Senate.
Six Senators retained their scats and refused to
volt*, thus themselves allowing the Clark proposi-
tion to supplant the Crittenden resolution by the
vote of 25 to 23. Mr. Benjamin of Louisiana, Mr.
Hemphill and Mr. Wigfall of Texas, Mr. Iver-
son of Georgia, Mr. Johnson of Arkansas, and
Mr. Slidell of Louisiana, were in their seats, but
refused to cast their votes. I recollect full well
the joy that pervaded the faces of some of those
fentlemen at the result, and the sorrow manifested
y the venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden.] The record shows that Mr. Pugh,
from Ohio, despairing of any compromise between
the extremes of ultra Republicanism and dis-
unionists, working manifestly for the same end,
moved, im mediately after the vote was announced,
tojay the whole subject on the table. If you will
turn to page 443, same volume, you will find,
when, at a late period, Mr. Cameron, from Penn-
sylvania, moved to reconsider the vote, appeals
havingbeen made to sustain those who were strug-
gling to preserve the peace of the country, that
the vote was reconsideicd; and when, at last, the
Crittenden propositions were submitted on the 2d
day of March, these southern States having nearly
all seceded, they were then lost by but one vote.
Here is the vote:
" Yfas—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Crittenden,
Douglas, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Maaon, Nicholson, Polk, 1'ugli, lticc, Se-
bastian, Thomson, and Wigfail—19.
u N\ys—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
I>ivon, I)oolUtle,l)urkee, FessendciijFoot, Foster, Grnne«,
.Harlan, Kins, Morrill, Sumner, Ten Hyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20."
If these seceding southern Senators had re-
mained,there would have passed, bya large vote,
(as it did without them,) an amendment by a two-
thirds vote, forbidding Congiess ever interfering
with slavery in the States. The Crittenden prop-
osition would have been indotsed by a majority
vote, the subject finally going before the people,
who have never yet, after consideration, refused
justice, for any length of time, to any portion of
the country.
I believe more, Mr. President, that these gen-
tlemen were acting m pursuance of a Nettled and
fixed plan to break up and destroy this Govern-
ment. 1 believe also, there lias been a scheme of
those leading politicians of the southern States for
nearly a quarter of a century, who have been con-
stantly working with a view to destroy the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in older to foun a
government of t.hetr own, the corner stone of
which should be the institution of slavery, as is
alleged by the present vice president of the south-
ern confederacy—that they have never ceased
working, year m and year out, towards the con-
summation of their purpose. Why, sir, imme-
diately after the election of Mr. Lincoln, in the
month of December, he whom I regard as then-
master spirit in this attempt, both from his elo-
quence and sagacity, published a letter in winch
ho asserts, that though the people of the United
States as represented on this floor may give them
compromises, even constitutional compromises,
the favorable moment having arrived, the South
must still declare its independence of the United
States of America.
Referring to lion. William L. Yancey, I call
the attention of the Senate to a communication of
his, written and published early m the month of
December of the past year:
T hope riiat Gemma and Alabama, the mother and
daughter Htuu .•>, will nut be lournl i-cpaiate and in opposing
position in tlii< « eat Kimble tor State lights and ^outheui
liberties Alab.una will, most a-^uiedlv, recede fu&t, and
make eftbrts ar cooperation lor a Mjuthci n confederacy alfet-
whhI-5. No piolU'ifd eninpioinw^, no amendments to the
Constitution, no ptofleieii additional guarantees, can delay
her action lot independence a moment. There ts nodefect
in our fundamental law: tbcreiow it needs no alteration.
The gieat delect in the Union is the public conscience and
education ot the noithein nu^es upon the slavery ques-
tion, which begets an ineconeilablo and niepressible con-
flict between them mid that ni-titimon, and ot course be-
tween them and all constitutional pioviMoris which pioteet
that institution. When p,utie-.und mleis can contiol such
conscience and eradicate such education, and enn then pio-
pose new guarantee^, it might be \v#ith out while to pause
and eon ider them ; hut not till then. Jn the language of
my fai--ecmg, deep-thinking, and feaiKvs fuend, Judge
Benning, thoie should be but one watehwoul now for all the
sons- ot the South, and that *' IIo! for independence P "5
This was the pronuneiamicnto of the leading ;
spirit of the whole movement as early as the i
month of December last, before even the electoral i
college had met, or the votes were counted, and it
was distinctly ascertained who was elected Presi-
dent of the United States. "Ho, for independ-
ence" had been theory for a quarter of a century
of these conspirators, who have been seeking,
under the pretext of nullification, and now the con-
stitutional right of secession, the favorable moment
and excuse to assert their independence and array
themselves in hostility to the Government. This
doctrine of secession is but the shadow of an ex-
cuse. I do not believe there are many intelligent
men in the South who sincerely believe in this
new-fangled doctrine of the constitutional right of
a State to secede from the Union. 1 do not be-
lieve they can be so lost to reason, so blind to the
objects of our Government, as to assert that any
State, at option, may withdraw itself from the
Union, itself being the only judge of the cause
and the necessity for such withdrawal.
Why, Mr. President, wo paid for Louisiana,
out of which we formed three slave States and two
free, $15,000,000, and $8,385,353 in the way of
interest uj^on that debt. We paid for Florida
$5,000,000, and #1,430,000 in the way of interest
upon that debt. We paid $100,000,000 in the Sem-
inole war to protect the people of Florida from
Indian aggressions. We paid $7,000,000 for pen-
sions to the widotfs of soldiers lost in that war.
We paid $5,000,000 to remove those Indians from
Florida to the western frontier. We paid the
sum of $10,000,000 for the Texas boundary line.
We paid $10,000,000 in the way of indemnity to
Texas, and $7,500,000 to her public creditors.
We got into a war with Mexico in consequence
of the acquisition of that Slate, and that war cost
us $217,175,575 more. We paid $100,000,000 for
pensions in consequence of that war. We paid
$15,000,000 by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
tor my own State. We paid $100,000,000 to ex-
tinguish the Indian title throughout the extent of
country thus annexed. In short, without enu-
merating all the items, the people of the United
States, for the purpose of extending their bound-
ary, the area of their freedom, the enjoyment of
their institutions, and to carry out the great pur-
pose of their social, political, and commercial
wants, have paid for the very States leading this
rebellion over $617,000,000.
Yet sir, we are told that for the " sake of hu-
manity," we must acknowledge the rights of any
one State thinking itself aggrieved—without re-
gard to the States that ai <■ left; without consulting
the happiness of the millions of others constitut-
ing those States—to secede at will; acknowledge
their entire independence and i ightto make treaties
olfonsive or defensive with the enemies of the
country; their tight to form alliances with for-
eign Powers, and pass laws jeopardizing our very
existence as a nation—all this under the sanction
of the Constitution of the United States; that the
eight million people northwest of the Ohio river
aie to be shut ofl from the use of the Mississippi
river, the natural outlet for pouring into the lap of
the civilized woi Id their commerce; that we are to
be hemmed in, curtailed, and thrown back in the
great expansive ideas the people of this country
have been struggling for from the very commence-
ment of the nation; and all this, under the plea
that our fathers who founded this Republic have
thus constructed its Governmentand institutions.
Sir, if this is the doctrine, the sooner the'people
of this country know it the better. If this is the
principle by which we are to be governed, then,
instead of singing tuurnphant peans, instead of
lauding the memory of the grcatand the good who
have laid broad and deep and wide our founda-
tions, we should execrate their memory as giving
us, instead of a vital Government, a tattling, use-
less skeleton. If it is so, the people now standing
'by to support with arms and means desire to know
it. They wish the trial to be made in the face
of the civilized world. They have intelligence
enough still left never to suffer a military despot-
ism; never to allow the seizure of their political
rights and guarantees; but, appreciating their des-
tiny, they will make a Governmentstrong enough
and powerful enough to conduc-Uis in our onward
career until we shall be as Rome, when her imperial
eagles hovered around the pillars of Hercules.
Senators, no one of our number can foresee the
end of this long atid feaiful controversy. The
constituency I represent desire, above all things,
peace,peace. They demand it, if it can be had
without the surrendering of the very cardinal
principles of our Government; without the sur-
rendering of one acre of its soil; without the
slightest marring of our country's fair propor-
tions. They are willing to give whatever iho
southern people may require as sufficient to guar-
anty and secure them in the enjoyment of their
property; but they are not willing to see this
Government dismembered and broken up, and a
line of fortifications separating your northern from
your southern confederacy. They arc unwill-
ing to see the eight million people residing in the
Northwestshut off from the natural outlet of their
commerce. They are unwilling, even, to see the
property of the southern people themselves de-
stroyed, as it will inevitably be whenever you
recognize their independence.
1 desire to call the attention of the Senate for
one moment, before I close, to a fact the census
of 1860 discloses as to the institution of slavery
in the southern States. By the census of I860,
the population of the South is 9,000,000 white and
4,000,000 slaves. Seven million and a half of the
white population of the South have no interest
whatever in slavery. The same relative propor-
tion exists between the showing of the census of
1850 and 1860. Not having the exact figuiesfor
1860,1 refer to the census of 1850, which shows
that out of a population of 6,000,000, which the
southern States then had, the number of slave-
holders was but 347,555, as the heads of families,
representing 1,500,000 people; and the number of
slaves at that time over 3,000,000. Of the num-
ber of slaveholders, 68,820 had but one slave each;
105,683had underfiveslaveseach; 174,503owncrs
of slaves held but 385,869; while 173,022 persons
held the rest of the slaves, amounting to 2,818,4-14.
Now, sir, I assert, and future history will show
how true it is, that whenever you bring the line
of Canada down to Mason and £>ixon's; whenever,
by necessity, (if it should so happen,) our Gov-
ernment is broken'Xip and two confederacies are
formed; whenever it shall be a recognized princi-
ple, as it will be, that the moment that a slave
touchcs the soil of the " northern confederacy,"
he is free; when, sirs, you have given unbridled
license to sectional fanaticism m pei muting John
Brown raids, followed by retaliatory outrages of
clipping of ears, shaving of heads, and tarring
and feathering citizens; you will, from that very
moment, have doomed the institution of slavery.
Our southern people, who have now raised them-
selves in rebellion to your Government, will then
see they have committed the great folly of their
lives. The people of these United States desire
no such results. They desire its territory to re-
main intact They desire the people to live in
happiness, m the enjoyment of their property, and
in the full possession of all the civil and religious
liberties which it has been our pride heretofore to
possess.
Mr. President, having detained the Senate al-
ready too long, I repeat, and conclude as I have
commenced, by saying that while I have a seat
upon this floor representing a State upon the far-
olF Pacific, I shall support the constituted authori-
ties in upholding the laws, supporting the Gov-
ernment, and securing obedience to all its behests,
in the constant and fervent hope that, with as little
bloodshed as possible, with as little foice as pos-
sible, these people may return to their allegiance
and their duty to our Government. It is a dark
page that is now spread before our vision. No
man can see what will be written upon it. It may
be God's will that star after star shall shoot era-
zily, and be blotted from its sphere in our politi-
cal firmament; it may be His purpose that column
after column now sustaining our political temple,
shall fall and crumble in the dust; and that ruin,
confusion, destruction, and decay, shall prewul
m this once happy scene. Re it so; be it so. Let
me be glad in the thought that whenever a future
Marius shall wander amid the ruins of our Car-
thage, he will find one column at least standing'
erect—beautiful in all its proportions — cloud
capped its summit—bearing inscribed upon it in
imperishable letters, the name of my own beloved
State; evidence of its truth and fixed determina-
tion to uphold the Constitution and the Union of
our fathers in the very face of time. [Applause
in the galleries.] ^
