24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 17,
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to declare that the inhabitants of such State, or
any section or part thereof, where such insurrec-
tion exists, are in a state of insurrection against
the United States; and thereupon all commercial
intercourse by and between the same and the cit-
izens thereof and the citizens of the rest of the
United States shall cease and be unlawful so long
as such condition of hostility shall continue; and
all goods and chattels, wares and merchandise,
coming from said State or section into the other
parts of the United States, and all proceeding to
such State or section, by land or water, shall,
together with the vessel or vehicle conveying
the same, or conveying persons to or from such
State or section, be forfeited to theUnited States:
Provided, however, That the President may, in his
discretion, license and permit commercial inter-
course with any such pait of said State or section,
the inhabitants of which arc so declared in a state
of insurrection, in such articles, and for such
time, and by such persons, as he, in his discre-
tion, may think most conducive to the public in-
terest; and such intercourse, so far as by him
licensed, shall be conducted and carried on only
in pursuance of rules and regulations prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may appoint such officers
at places where officeis of the customs are not now
authorized by law as may be needed to carry into
effect such licenses, rules, and regulations; and'
officers of the customs and other officers shall re-
ceive for services under this section, and under
said rules and regulations, such fees and compen-
sation as are no w allowed for similar service under
other provisions of law.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That from and
after fifteen days after the issuing of the said proc-
lamation, as provided in the last foregoing section
of this act, any ship or vessel belonging in whole
or in part to any citizen or inhabitant of said State
or part of a State whoso inhabitants arc so de-
clared in a state of insurrection, found at sea, or
in any port of the rest of the United States, shall
be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 7. Jlntl be it further enacted, That in the
execution of the provisions of this act, and of the
other laws of the United States providing for the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage, it
may and shall be lawful for the President, in ad-
dition to the revenue cutters in service, to employ
in aid thereof such other suitable vessels as may,
in his judgment, bo required.
Sec. 8. .Hud he it farther enacted, That the for-
feitures and penalties incurred by virtue of this
act may be mitigated or remitted in pursuance of
the authority vested in the Secretary of the Treas-
ury by the act entitled "An act providing for
mitigating or remitting the forfeitures, penalties,
and disabilities accruing in certain cases therein
mentioned," approved March third, seventeen
hundred and ninety-seven, or in cases where spe-
cial circumstances may seem to require it, accord-
ing to regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Sec. 9 .* Jlnd be it further enacted, That proceed-
ings on seizures for forfeitures under this act may
be pursued in the courts of the United States in
any district into which the property so seized may
be taken and proceedings instituted; and such
courts shall have and entertain as full jurisdiction
over the same as if the seizure was made in that
disliict.
Arntovno, July 13, 1861.
Ciiap. IV.—An Act to provide for the appoint-
ment of Assistant Paymasters in the JMavy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the grade of assistant paymaster
in the Navy of the United States be, and hereby
is, established, and that from and after the pas-
sage of this act the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
may appoint assistant paymasters from time to
time, as they shall be needed for active service in
the Navy, not exceeding thirty-six in number.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person who shall be appointed assistant paymas-
ter shall, at the time of his appointment, bo not
less than twenty-one years of age, nor more than
twenty-six years; and that previous to his appoint-
ment hisphysical, mental, and moral qualifications
shall be inquired into and favorably reported upon
by a board of paymasters appointed for that pur-
pose by the Secretary of the Navy, and under such
regulations as he may prescribe.
Sec. 3. Jlnd.be it further enacted, That the an-
nual pay of assistant paymaster shall be as fol-
lows, viz:
On duty at sea, for the first five years after date
of commission, one thousand three hundred dol-
lars; after five years from date of commission,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
On other duty, for the first five years after date
of commission, one thousand dollars; after five
years from date of commission, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
On leave of absence or waiting orders, for the
first five years after date of commission, eight
hundred dollars; after five years from date of com-
mission, one thousand dollars; and when attached
to vessels for sea service, each assistant paymas-
ter shall be entitled to one ration per day.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no commanding offi-
cer of any vessel in the Navy shall be required to
perform the duties of paymaster or assistant pay-
master; and when such office shall become vacant,
by death or otherwise, in ships at sea or on for-
eign stations, or on the Pacific coast of the United
States, the senior officer present may make an
acting appointment of any fit person to perform
the duties until another paymaster or assistant
paymaster shall report for duty. Any person
performing the duties of paymaster or assistant
paymaster in accordance with this section (but
not otherwise) shall be entitled to receive the pay
of such grade whilst so acting.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That each as-
sistant paymaster shall, upon his appointment,
enter into bonds in the amount of ten thousand
dollars, with at least two good and sufficient se-
curities, for the faithful performance of his duties,
and that assistant pay masters shall have rank and
precedence with assistant surgeons not passed,
and that all appointments to fill vacancies in the
corps of paymasters shall bo made by regular pro-
motion from the list of assistant paymasters.
Sec. h. Jlnd be it fuither cnacted, That within
six months after the expiration of the present in-
surrection, the corps of paymasters and assistant
paymasters shall be reduced to the number of
seventy-five in the whole.
Approved, July 17, 1861.
Chap. Y.—An Act to authorize a National Loan
and for other purposes.
• 11c it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to borrow on the'
credit of the United States, within twelve months
from the passage of this act, a sum not exceeding
two hundred and fifty millions of dollars, or so
much thereof as he may deem necessary for the
public service, for which ho is authorized to issue
coupon bonds, or registered bonds, or treasury
notes, in such proportions of each as lie may deem
advisable; the bondsto boarinterestnotexcecding
seven per centum per annum, payable semi-an-
nually, irredeemable for twenty years, and after
that period redeemable at the pleasure of the Uni-
ted States; and the treasury notes to be of any
denomination fixed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, not less than fifty dollars, and to be payable
three years after date, with interest at the rate of
seven and three tenths per centum per annum,
payable semi-annually. And the Secretary of the
Treasury may also issue in exchange for coin,
and as part of the above loan, or may pay for
salaries or other dues from the United States,
treasury notes of a less denomination than fifty
dollars, not bearing interest, but payable on de-
mand by the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States at Philadelphia, New York, or Boston, or
treasury notes bearing interest at the rate of three
and sixty-five hundredths per centum, payable in
one year from date, and exchangeable at any time
for treasury notes for fifty dollars, and upwards,
issuable under the authority of this act, and bear-
ing interest as specified above: Provided, That no
exchange of such notes in any less amount than
one hundred dollars shall be made at any one
time: And provided further,That no treasury notes
shall'be issued of a less denomination than ten
dollars, and that the who)e amount of treasury
notes, not bearing interest, issued under the au-
thority of this act, shall not exceed fifty millions
of dollars.
Sec. 2. And le it further enacted, That the treas-
ury notes, and bonds issued under the provisions
of this act shall be signed by the First or Second
Comptroller, or the Register of the Treasury, and
countersigned by such other officer or officers of
the Treasury as the Secretary of the Treasury
may designate; and all such obligations, of fhe
denomination of fifty dollars and upwards, shall
be issued under the seal of the Treasury Depart-
ment. The registered bonds shall be transferable
on the books of the Treasury on the delivery of
the certificate, and the coupon bonds and treasury
notes shall be transferable by delivery. The in-
terest coupons may be signed by such person or
persons, or executed in such manner, as may be
designated by the Secretaiy of the Treasury, who
shall fix the compensation for the same.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall cause books to bo
opened for subscription to the treasury notes for
fifty dollars and upwardsat such places as he may
designate in the United States and under such rules
and regulations as he mayprcscribe, to be superin-
tended by the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States at their respective localities, and at other
places, by such depositaries, postmasters, and
other persons as ho may designate, notice thereof
being given in at least two daily papers of this
city, ajid in one or more public newspapers pub-
lished in the several places where subscription
books may be opened; and subscriptions for such
notes may be received from all persons who may
desire to subscribe, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding; and if a larger amount shall be
subscribed m the aggregate than is required at
one time, the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized to receive the same, should he dee'm it ad-
vantageous to the public interest; find if not, he
shall accept the amount required by giving the
preference to the smaller subscriptions; anil the
Secretary of the Treasury shall fix the compen-
sations of the public officers or others designated'
for receiving said subscriptions: Provided, That
for performing this or any other duty in connec-
tion with this act, no compensation for services
rendered shall be allowed or paid to any public
officer whose salary is established bylaw; and
the Secretary of the Treasury may also make
such other rules and regulations as he may deem
expedient touching the installment to be paid on
any subscription at the time of subacrilirg and
further payments by installments or otherwise,
and penalties for non-payment of any installment,
and also concerning the receipt, deposit, and safe-
keeping of money received from such subscrip-
tions, until the same can be placed in the posses-
sion of the official depositaries of the Treasury,
any law or laws to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. And the Secretary of the Treasury is also
authorized, if he shall deem it expedient, before
opening books of subscription as above provided,
to exchange for com or pay for public dues or for
treasury notes of the issue of twenty-third of
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and
falling due on the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, or for treasury notes issued
and taken in exchange for such notes, any amount
of said treasury notes for fifty dollars or upwards
not exceeding one hundred millions of dollars.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, before
awarding any portion oftheloan in bonds author-
ized by this act, the Secretary of the Treasury,
if he deem it advisable to issue proposals for the
same in the United States, shall give notless than
fifteen days' public notice m two or more of the
public newspapers in the city of Washington, and
m such other places of the United States as he
may deem advisable, designating the amount of
such loan, the place and the time up to which sealed
proposals will be received for the same, the pe-
riods for the payment, and the amount of each
installment in which it is to bepaid, and the pen-
alty for the non-payment of any such installments,
and when and where such proposals shall be
opened in the presence of such persons as may
