1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S
Laws of the United States.
3Yin Cong....1st Sess.
choose to attend; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized to accept the most favorable
proposals offered by responsible bidders: Pro-
vided, That no offer shall be accepted at less than
par.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, if he deem it advis-
able, negotiate any portion of said loan, not ex-
ceeding one hundred millions of dollars, in any
foreign country and payable at any designated
place either in the United States or in Europe,
and may issue registered or coupon bonds for the
amount thus negotiated agreeably to the provis-
ions of this act, bearing interest payable semi-
annually, either in the United States or at any
designated place in Europe; and he is further
authorized to appoint such agent or agents as he
may deem necessary for negotiating such loan
under his instructions, and for.paying the interest
on the same, and to fix, the compensation of such
agent or agents, and shall prescribe to them all
the rules, regulations, and modes under which
such loan shall be negotiated, and shall have
power to fix the rate of exchange at which the
principal shall be received from the contractors
for the loan, and the exchange for the payment
of the principal and interest in Europe shall be
at the same rate.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any treasury notes of a denomination less
than fifty dollars, authorized to be issued by this
act, shall have been redeemed, the Secretary of
the Treasury may reissue the same, or may can-
cel them and issue new notes to an equal amount:
Provided, That the aggregate amount of bonds
and treasury notes issued under the foregoing
provisions of this act shall never exceed the fuO
amount authorized by the first section of this act;
and the power to issue, or reissue such notes
shall cease and determine after the thirty-first of
December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 7. And bp. it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized,
whenever he shall deem it expedient, to issue in
exchange for coin, or in payment for public dues,
Treasury notes of any of the denominations
hereinbefore specified, bearing interest not ex-
ceeding six per centum per annum, and payable
,at any time not exceeding twelve months from
date, provided that the amount of notes so issued,
or paid, shall at no time exceed twenty,millions
of dollars.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall report to Congress,
immediately after the commencement of the next
session, the amount he has borrowed under the
provisions of this act, of whom, and on what
terms, with an abstract of all the proposals, des-
ignating those that have been accepted and those
that have been rejected, and the amouut of bonds
or Treasury notes that have been issued for the
same. ■
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the faith
of the United States is hereby solemnly pledged
for the payment of the interest and redemption of
the principal of the loan authorized by this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to authorize
the issue of Treasury notes," approved the twen-
ty-third day of December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, so far as the same can or may be ap-
plied to the provisions of this act, and not incon-
sistent therewith, are hereby revived orreenacted.
Sec 11. And be it further enacted, That, to de-
fray all the expenses that may attend the execu-
tion of this act, the sum of two hundred thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Afproved, July 17, 1861.
Chap. VI.—An Act making additional Appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, and Appropriations of Ar-
rearages for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcricain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty
two:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits from the different rendezvous to general
depots, procuring of medical attendance, and all
other expenses attending the raising of twenty-
four thousand two hundred and eighty-live men,
to be organized into nine regiments of infantry,
one regiment of cavalry, and one regiment of
artillery, as per general orders number sixteen,
dated War Department, Adjutant General's Of-
fice, Washington, May fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, three hundred and fifty-eight thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of books of tactics and instruction
for the volunteers, fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, three million nine hun-
dred and sixty-nine thousand eight hundred and
forty-eight dollars and eighty-eight cents.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, four
hundred and seventy-eight thousand three hun-
dred and seventeen dollars and sixty cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
seventy-three thousand and fifty-six dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, fifty-seven thousand one hundred and
eighty dollais.
For pay of the three months' volunteers, two
million five hundred' and seven thousand dollars.
For pay of the two and three years volunteers,
fifty-five million dollars.
For subsistence in kind for regular troops, two
million four hundred and ninety-three thousand
four hundred and ninety-seven dollars and fifty
cents.
For subsistence in kind for two and three
years' voiunteeis, twenty-three million eighty-
four thousand two hundredand eighty-four dollars.
For the regular suppliesof the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
enlisted men, guard, hospital, storehouses, and
offices; of forage m kind 'for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's department at
the several posts and stations, and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the regiments of
dragoons, and for the authorized number of offi-
cers' horses when serving in the field and at the
outposts, including bedding for the animals; of
straw for soldiers' bedding; and of stationery,
including blank-books for the quartermaster's
department, certificates for discharged soldiers,
blank forms for the pay and quartermaster's de-
partment, a-nd for printing of division and de-
partment orders and reports, fourteen million
two hundred and sixty-five thousand fifty-nine
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
For the incidental expenses of the quarter-
mastei's department, consisting of postage on
letters and packets received and sent by officers
of the Army on public service; expenses of courts-
martial and courts of inquiry, including the ad-
ditional compensation of judges-advocate, re-
corders, members, and witnesses, while on that
service, under the act of [March sixteenth] eigh-
teen hundred and two; extra pay to soldiers em-
ployed under the direction of the quartermaster's
department nrthe erection of barracks, quarters,
storehouses, and hospitals, in the construction
of roads, and other constant labor, for periods of
not less than ten days, under the acts of second
of March, eighteen hundred and nineteen, and of
fourth of August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, including those employed as clerks at division
and department headquarters; expenses of ex-
presses to and from the frontierposts and armies
in the field; of escorts to paymasters and other
disbursing officers, and to trains where military
escorts cannot be furnished; expenses of the in-
terment of officers killed in action, or who die
when on duty in the field, or at the posts on the
frontiers, or at other posts and places, when or-
dered by the Secretary of War, and of non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers; authorized office
furniture; hire of laborers in the quartermaster's
department, including the hire of interpreters and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerks to
officers of the quartermaster's department; com-
pensation of forage and wagon masters, author-
ized by the act of fifth July, eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight; for the apprehension ofdeserters
ana the expenses incident to their pursuit; and
for the following expenditures required for the
regiments of dragoons and light artillery, viz:
the purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths'
and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and nails,
iron and steel for shoeing, hire'of veterinary sur-
geons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
ropes, and for shoeing the horses <of the corps
named, seven million six hundred and sixty-six
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For the purchase of dragoon and artillery
horses, ten million five hundred and fourteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, five hundred
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison-
equipage, from the depot at Philadelphia to the
several posts and army depots, and from those
depots to the troops in the field; and subsistence
from the places of purchase and from the places
of delivery, under contract, to such places as the
circumstances of the service may requii'e them to
be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small-
arms from the founderies and armories to the
arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and army
depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages;
the purchase and hire of horses, mules, and har-
ness, and the purchase and repair of wagons,
carts, and drays; and of ships and other sea-
going vessels and boats required for the trans-
portation of supplies and for garrison purposes;
for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire
of teamsters; transportation of funds for the pay
and other disbursing departments; the expense
of soiling public transports on the various rivers,
the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic, and for
procuring water at such posts as from their situ-
ations require it to be brought from a "distance;
and for clearing roads and removing obstructions
from roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent
which may be required for the actual operation
of the troops in the field, sixteen million two
hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and
fifty-four dollars.
For gunboats on the western rivers, one million
dollars.
Ilire of quarters for troops; of storehouses for
the safe-keeping of military stores; of grounds for
summer cantonments, and for temporary huts,
one million five hundred thousand dollars.
For clothing,camp and garrison equipage, thir-
teen million four hundred and sixteen thousand
four hundred and thirty-seven dollars and two
cents.
For contingencies of the Army, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments, one
million two hundred and seventy-one thousand
eight hundred and forty-one dollars.
For armament of fortifications, four hundred
and fifty-seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, two hundred and six thousand two hundred
and ninety-two dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for all mounted ti oops,
two million three hundred and sixty thousand
dollars.
For the manufacture of. arms, two million five
hundred and seventy-three thousand three hun-
dred and ten dollars.
For increasing the manufacturing capacity of
the national armory, four hundred and twenty-
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, four
hundred and fifty-one thousand seven hundred
and eighty dollars.
For the purchase of artillery horses, two hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For additions to and extensions of the shop-
room, machinery, tools, and fixtures at the differ-
ent arsenals, one hundred and twenty-six thou-
sand six hundred and ninety dollars.
For the following fortifications:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain, New
York, twenty thousand dollars.
