APPENDIX TO THE CONGBE8SIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
3Tth Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Fort Knox, Penobscot river, Maine, twenty
thousand dollars.
Fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor,
Maine, fifteen thousand dollars.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Island,
five thousand dollars.
Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York, ten
thousand dollars.
Fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island,
New York, fifty thousand dollars.
Fort at Willet's Point, opposite Fort Schuyler,
New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort Calhoun, Plampton Roads, Virginia,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, one hundred
thousand dollars.
F,ort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, Cali-
fornia, fifty thousand dollars.
Fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fort at Sandy Hook, New York harbor, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs and alterations of barracks quarters
at forts not permanently occupied by troops, ten
thousand dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For amount required to refund to the States
expenses incurred on account of volunteers called
into the field, ten million dollars.
Sec. 2.  find be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and they are hereby, appropri-
ated,to be ^aidoutof any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for arrearages for the
year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one:
For subsistence in kind for three months vol-
unteers, one million two hundred and eighty-one
thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind for two and throe years
volunteers, four hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, five hundred and sixty-five thousand
two hundred and forty-six dollars and sixty-three
cents.
For incidental expenses of the quartermaster's
department, three hundred and sixty-five thou-
sand and thirteen dollars and eighty cents.
For transportation of the Army and its sup-
plies, twomillion two hundredand fifty-four thou-
sand one hundred and eighty-six dollars and
eighty-one cents.
For transportation of officers5 baggage, fifteen
thousand three hundred and sixty-seven ddilars.
For purchase of dragoon horses, two hundred
and ninety-seven thousand three hundred and
thirty-five dollars.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, one
million three hundred and fifty thousand one hun-
dred. and fifty-one dollars and thirty-eight rents.
For current expenses of ordnance service,
twenty thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
includinghorseequipmenfsforallmounted troops,
four hundred thousand dollars.
For manufacture of arms, sixty thousand dollars.
For increasing the manufacturing capacity of
the national armory, fifty thousanddollars.
For purchase of gunpowder and lead, forty
thousand dollars.
For purchase of artillery horses, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For hire of quarters for troops; of storehouses
for the safe-keeping of military stores; of grounds
for summer cantonments, and for temporary huts,
one hundred and fifty-eight thousand two hun-
dred and eighty-three dollars and eighty-one cents.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all ap-
propriations and all provisions of law herein con-
tained applicable to three years volunteers shall
apply to two years volunteers, and all other vol-
unteers who have been or may be received into
the service of the United States, for a period ex-
ceeding three months.
Approved, July 17, 1861.
Chap. VII.—An Act to alter and regulate the
Navy Ration.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the navy ration shall consist of
the following daily allowance of provisions to
each person: one pound of salt pork, with half a
pint of beans or peas; or one pound of salt beef,
with half a pound of flour, and two ounces of
dried apples, or other dried fruit; or three quar-
ters of a pound of preserved meat, with half a
pound of rice, two ounces of butter, and one ounce
of desiccated " mixed vegetables;" or three quar-
ters of a pound of preserved meat, two ounces of
butter, and two ounces of dcsiccated potato; to-
gether with fourteen ounces of buscuit, one quar-
ter of an ounce of tea, or one ounce of coffee or co-
coa, two ounces of sugar, and a gill of spirits; and
of a weeWy allowance of half a pound of pickles,
half a pint of molasses, and half a pint of vinegar.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That fresh or
preserved meat may be substituted for salt beef
or pork, and vegetables for the other articles
usually issued with the salted meats; allowing
one and a quarter pound of fresh, or three quar-
ters of a pound of preserved meat for one pound
of salted beef or pork; and regulating the quan-
tity of vegetables so as to equal the value of the
articles for which they may he substituted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That should
it be necessary to vary the above-described daily
allowance, it shall be lawful to substitute one
pound of soft bread, or one pound of flour, or
half a pound of rice, for fourteen ounces of bis-
cuit; half a pint of wine for a gill of spirits; half
a pound of rice for half a pint of beans or peas;
half a pint of beans or peas for half a pound of rice.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case
of necessity, the daily allowance of provisions
may be diminished or varied by the discretion of
the senior officer present in command; out pay-
ment shall be maue to the persons whose allow-
ance shall be thus diminished, aceoiding to the
scale of prices which is, or may be, established
for the same; but a commander who shall thus
make a diminution orvaiiation shall report to
his commanding officer, or to the Navy Depart-
ment, the necessity for the same, and give to the
paymaster written orders, specifying particularly
the diminution or reduction which is to be made.
Sec. 5. And be it fuither enacted, That no com-
missioned or warrant ollicer, or any person under
twenty-one ycaraof age, shall be allowed to draw
the spirit part of the daily ration; and all other
persons shall be permitted to relinquish that part
of their rations under such restriction as the Pres-
identof the United States may authorize; and that
the spirit portion of the daily ration maybe sus-
pended or stopped by the commanding officer,
whenever, in his opinion, it shall be expedient,
for cause of drunkenness; and to any person who,
by this section, is prohibited from drawing, or
who may relinquish the spirit part of his lation,
there shall be paid, in lieu thereof, the sum of
four cents per day.
Seu. 6. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this net shall go into effect in the United
States on the first day of the succeeding quarter
after it becomes a law; and in vessels abroad, on
the first day of the succeeding quarter after its
official receipt; that any acts and parts of acts
which may be contrary to, or inconsistent with,
the provisions ofthis act, shall be, and are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be authorized to procure the
pieserved meats, pickles, butter, and desiccated
vegetables in such manner and under such re-
stnctions and guarantees as in his opinion will
best insure the good quality of said articles.
Approved, July ]8, lfc61.
Ciiap. VIII.—An Act making additional Appro-
priations for the Naval Service for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and Appropriations of Arrear-
ages for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, six million eight hundred and forty
thousand dollars.
For the repair and equipment of vessels of the
Navy, eight million five hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the
mode prescribed by law for other materials, and
for the transportation thereof, one million and
eighty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, three hundred thousand dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including
incidental expenses, three million five hundred
and twenty thousand dollars.
For the completion of seven steam screw sloops,
authorized by act of February twenty-first, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, one million six hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the completion of seven steam screw sloops
and side-wheel steamer, ninety-one thousand four
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and eighty-two
cents.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vessels for sea service, one
million nine hundred and ninety-four thousand
two hundred and twenty-two dollars and forty-
seven cents.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
gineer and marine corps, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspapers, books, maps, models, and drawings,
purchase and repair of fire-engines and machinery,
repairs of and attending to steam-engines in navy-
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber wheels,
and the purchase and repairs of workmen's tools,
postage on public letting, furl, oil, and candles
for navy-yaids and shoie stations, pay of watch-
men and incidental labor not chargeable to any
other appropriation, transportation Jo and labor
attending the delivery of provisions and stores on
foreign stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent,
traveling expenses of officers and others under
orders,funeral expenses,stoic and office rent, fuel,
commissions, and pay of clerks to Navy agents
and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing
boxes, premiums and other expenses of leeiuit-
ing, apprehending desertet s, per diem pay toper-
sons attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry,
and other services authorized by law, pay to
judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels,
and assistance to vessels in distress, and for hills
of health and quarantine expenses of vessels of
the United States Navy in foreign ports, one mil-
lion fifty-two thousand three hundred dollars:
Provided, That the expcndituies under the fore-
going appropriations shall he so accounted for as
to show the disbursements by each bureau, under
each respective appropuation.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musician's, privates, clerks, messengers, stewaids,
and servants, for rations and clothing for ser-
vants, additional rations for five years' service,
for undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for
reeniistment, one hundred and sixty thousand
two hundred and twenty-four dollars.
For provisions, forty-two thousand and forty-
eight dollars.
For clothing, fifty-six thousand four hundred
and forty-eight dollars.
For fuel, six thousand and forty-eight dol-
lars.
For military stores, viz: pay of armorers, re-
pair of arms, purchase of accouterments, ordnance
stores, Hags, drums, fifes, and other instruments,
six thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz.: freight, ferriage, toll,
