1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States,
37th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
sixty-one: Provided, That the number of troops
hereby authorized shall not exceed five hundred
thousand.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the vol-
unteers authorized by this act shall be armed as
the President may direct; they shall be subject to
the rules and articles of war, and shall be upon
the footing, in all respects, with similar corps of
the United States Army, and shall be mustered
into the service for "during the war."
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident shall be authorized to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, for the com-
mand of the volunteer forces, such number of
major generals and of brigadier generals, as may,
in his judgment, be required for their'organiza-
tion.
Approved, July 25, 1861.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act to refund Duties on Arms
imported by States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmencain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized to refund, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the duties paid on arms imported by States,
under the conditions and subject to the limitation
of the act approved the tenth day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act to
refund and remit the duties on arms imported by
States."
Approved, July 25, 1861.
Chap. XIX.—An Actfor the better organization
of the Marine Corps.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of this
act, the United States Marine Corps shall con-
sist of the following officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians,and privates, viz: One colonel
commandant, one colonel,two lieutenant colonels,
four majors, one adjutant and inspector, one pay-
master, one quartermaster, two assistant quarter-
masters, twenty captains, thirty first lieutenants,
thirty second lieutenants, one sergeant-major, one
quartermaster-sergeant, one drum-major,one prin-
cipal musician, two hundred sergeants, two hun-
dred and twenty corporals, thirty musicians for
band, sixty drummers, sixty fifers, and twenty-
five hundred privates.
Sec. 2. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the com-
missions of the officers now in the Marine Corps
shall not be vacated by this act; and that thePres-
ident of the United States may, during the recess
of the Senate, first by promotions, and then by
selections, appoint the officers hereby authorized,
which appointments shall be submitted to the
Senate, at their next session, for their advice and
consent.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
pointment of commissioned officers to be made
under the provisions of this act shall be of per-
sons between the ages of twenty and twenty-five
years, and [they] shall be subjected, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, to an ex-
amination as to their qualifications for the service
to which they are to be appointed.
Approved, July 25, 1861.
Chap. XX.—An Act relative to the Revenue
Marine, to fix the Compensation of the Officers
thereof, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the compensation of the officers
of the revenue cutters shall be at the following
rates, to wit:
duty pay.
Captains, eighteen hundred dollars per annum.
First lieutenants, fourteen hundred dollars per
annum.
Second lieutenants, twelve hundred dollars per
annum.
Third lieutenants, nine hundred dollars per
annum.
leave of absence or waiting orders pay.
Captains, twelve hundred dollars per annum.
First lieutenants, one thousand dollars per
annum.
Second lieutenants, eight hundred dollars per
annum.
Third lieutenants, seven hundred dollars per
annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the num-
ber of officers for each revenue vessel shall be one
captain and three lieutenants, first, second, and
third; and of a steam-vessel, one engineer, and
one assistant engineer, and such number of petty
officers and men as in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may be required to make the
vessels efficient for the duties required of them:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have the power to assign any greater num-
ber of officers than is herein prescribed, should
the nature of the service to which any vessel may
be assigned in his opinion require it.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall have the power to
direct the performance of any service by the rev-
enue vessels which, in his judgment, may be
necessary for the protection of the revenue.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, at his discretion,
dispose of any of the vessels now belonging to the
revenue marine which, in his opinion, are unsuit-
able for service, and to substitute therefor such
other vessels as the advanced naval architecture
and the increased wants of the service demand:
Provided, T^Jiat no expenditure shall be incurred
beyond the specific appropriation therefor.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident of the United States, with the assent of the
Secretary of the Treasury, may transfer the
steamer Harriet Lane permanently to the Navy:
Provided, That the cost of said steamer shall be
refunded to the appropriation " for a suitable
steamer for a revenue cutter," and which amount,
together with the proceeds of any vessels dis-
posed of by authority of this act, may bo applied
to the building or purchase of such other vessels
as may be required.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there
may be appointed such number of additional en-
gineers and assistantengineersasmay be required
by the steamers now or hereafter in the service.
Approved, July 25, 1861.
Chap. XXI.—An Act to indemnify the States for
Expenses incurred by them in Defense of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to the Governor of any State, or to his duly au-
thorized agents, the costs, charges, and expenses
properly incurred by such State for enrolling,
subsisting, clothing, supplying, arming, equip-
ing, paying, and transporting its troops employed
in aiding to suppress the present insurrection
against the United States, to be settled upon
proper vouchers, to be filed and passed upon by
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
Approved, July 27, 1861.
Chap. XXII.—An Act making additional Appro-
priations for the Legislative, Executive, and
Judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, and Appropriations of Ar-
rearages for thffyear ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, namely:
Contingent Expenses of the House of Representatives.
For stationery, four thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For pages and temporary mail-boys, four thou-
sand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For laborers, one thousand nine hundred and
seventeen dollars.
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for mem-
bers, five thousand dollars.
For reporting proceeding of the called session
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, at the rate per
column fixed by law, eight thousand dollars:
Provided, That the said proceedings shall be re-
ported with and bound in the Congressional Globe
and Appendix of the first regular session of the
present C
treasury department.
Office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For contingent expenses, including compensa-
tion of additional clerks who may be employed
by the Secretary according to the exigencies of
the public service, and additional compensation
for extra labor of clerks in his office, twenty-five
thousand dollars. &
interior department.
For compiling and supervising the publication
of the Biennial Register, per act of March third,
[■second,] eighteen hundred and sixty-one, five
hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to supply
such newly created offices as are entitled thereto
with full sets of the Statutes at Large, and to re-
place those bnce furnished to old officers which
have since been unavoidably lost or destroyed,
two thousand dollars.
For salaries of five clerks of class three, eleven
clerks of class two, and four clerks of class one,
per acts of April twenty-second and May thirty-
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty-
eight thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of eight additional night
watchmen for the Department of the Interior, at
a salary of six hundred dollars each per annum,
four,thousand eight hundred dollars.
Surveyors General.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Colorado, three thousand six
hundred and nine dollars and eighty-nine cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Nevada, three thousand seven
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Dakota, two thousand one hun-
dred and fifteen dollars and thirty-eight cents.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department,
Office of the Secretary of War:
For the purpose of increasing temporarily tho
clerical force and messengers in tho War Depart-
ment and its bureaus, as follows, viz:
In tho office of the Secretary of War, one clerk
of the first class, two of the second, two of the
third, and one of the fourth, and two assistant
messengers at an annual salary of eight hundred
and forty dollars each.
In the office of the Quartermaster General, five
clerks of the first class, two of the second, two of
the third, and one of the fourth, and two assistant
messengers at an annual salary of eight hundred
and forty dollars each.
In the office of the Commissary General, three
clerks of the first class and two of the second.
In the office ofSuigeon General, one cleric of the
third class.
In the office of the Paymaster General, three
clerks of the second class and three of the third.
In the Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
two clerks of the third class.
In the Ordnance Bureau, two clerks of the first
class; forty-eight thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
And the Adjutant General is authorized to em-
ploy in his office any number, not exceeding ten,
of non-commissioncd officers, to be selected by
him from the Army, in addition to his present
clerical force.
For blank-books, stationery, binding, labor,
and miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
