32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 3,
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to define and punish
certain Conspiracies.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Ufdted States of America in Congress
assembled, That if two or more persons within
any State or Territory of the United States snail
conspire together to overthrow", or to put down,
or to destroy by force, the Government of the
United States, or to levy war against the United
States, or to oppose by force the authority of the
Government of the United States; or by force to
prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any
law of the United States; or by force to seize,
take, or possess any property of the United States
against the will or contrary to the authority of
the United States; or by force, or intimidation,
or threat, to prevent any person from accepting
or holding any office, or trust, or place of confi-
dence, under the United States; each and every
person so offending shall be guilty of a high
crime, and upon conviction thereof in any district
or circuit court of the United States having juris-
diction thereof, or district or supreme court of any
Territory of the United States having jurisdiction
thereof, shall be punished by a fine not less than
five hundred dollars and not more than five thou-
sand dollars; or by imprisonment, with or with-
out hard labor, as the court shall determine, for
a period not less than six months nor greater
than six years, or by both such fine and impris-
onment.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Chap. xxxvi—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled " An Act supplementary to the Act enti-
tled ' An Act providing for a Naval Peace Es-
tablishment, and for other purposes,' passed
March twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
four."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the above entitled act be, and the
same is hereby, amended by inserting after t})e
word " captain," where the same first occurs in
said act, the words "or commander," so that
the President shall be authorized to select the
superintendents of the several navy-yards and
heads of bureaus from the captains or command-
ers of the Navy of the United States.
Approved, August 2, 1861.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act authorizing the Secre^
tary of War to reimburse Volunteers for ex-
penses incurred in employing Regimental and
other Bands, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to refund, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the volunteers called out by the
President's proclamation of the fifteenth April,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, such
sums of money as may have been expended by
the said volunteers in the employment of regi-
mental or company bands during the period of
their service under said proclamation: Provided,
The amount to be allowed shall not exceed that
to be paid to volunteer bands regularly mustered
into the service under the President's proclama-
tion of May third, one thousand eight hundred
and sixty-one.
Sec. y. And be it farther enacted, That the Pres-
ident, in accepting and organizing volunteers un-
der the act entitled " An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July twenty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, may accept the service of such volunteers
without previous proclamation, and in such nmn-
bersfrom any State or States, as, in his discretion,
the public service may require.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to increase the Consular
Representation of the United States during the
present Insurrection.
lie it enacted h/ the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of lite United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United Slates
may, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appoint consuls at any foreign ports
where he shall deem u advisable, for tiie purpose
of preventing piracy, with such compensation,
not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars per annum,
as he shall think proper; to hold their offices,
respectively, during the pleasure of the President,
and m every case such compensation to cease
with the restoration of internal peace within the
United States. And the President may, during
the present insurrection, increase the compensa-
tion of any consuls in foreign ports, if he shall
deem it necessary, so as not, however, to exceed
the sum of fifteen hundred dollars in any case.
But this power shall cease with the reestablish-
ment of interna] peace as aforesaid.
Approved, August 2,1861.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act concerning the Attor-
ney General and the Attorneys and Marshals
of the several Districts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America inCongress
assembled, That the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, charged with the
general superintendence and direction of the at-
torneys and marshals of all the districts in the
United States and the Territories as to the man-
ner of discharging their respective duties; and
the said district attorneys and marshals arc hereby
required to report to the Attorney General an ac-
count of their official proceedings, and the state
and condition of their respective offices, in such
time and manner as the Attorney General may
direct.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the At-
torney General be, and he is hereby, empowered,
whenever in his opinion the'public interest may
require it, to employ and retain (in the name of
the United States) such attorneys and counselors-
at-law as he may think necessary to assist the
district attorneys in the discharge of their duties,
and shall stipulate with such assistant counsel
the amount of compensation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the At-
torney General shall have power to increase the
clerical force of his office to discharge the in-
cieased duties of the same, occasioned by this
act, by appointing additional clerks, not exceed-
ing two, aiid may fix their compensation at an
annual salary not exceeding fourteen hundred
dollars each per annum.
Approved, August 2, 1S61.
by a fine of twenty dollars or imprisonment in
the jail of Washington county, in the District of
Columbia, for the period of thirty days.
Approved, August 3, 1861.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act to provide for the
construction of one or more Armored Ships
and Floating Batteries, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ap-
point a board of tiiree skillful naval officers to
investigate the plans and specifications that may
be submitted for the construction or completing
of iron or steel clad steamships or steam bat-
teries, and on their report, should it be favorable,
the Secretaiy of the Navy will cause one or more
armored or iron or steel clad steamships or float-
ing steam batteries to be built; and there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in case
of a vacancy m the office of engmcrr-in-chief of
the Navy the appointment thereto shall be made
from the list of chief engineers.
Approved, August 3, 1801.
Chap. XXXIX.'—An Act to amend "An Act to
prohibit the sale of Spirituous Liquors and In-
toxicating Drinks in the District of Columbia,
in certain cases."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That whenever any person shall be
convicted of the offense described in the act enti-
tled " An act to prohibit the sale of spirituous
liquors and intoxicating drinks in the District of
Columbia, in certain cases," he shall bo punished
Chap. XL —An Act to provide for the purchase
of Arms, Ordnance, and Ordnance Stores.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of'AmericainCongress
assembled, That the sum of ten millions of dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purchase and manufacture of
arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores.
Approved, August 3, 1861.
Ciiap. XLI.—An Act to suspend in part the op-
eration of an Act entitled " An Act relating to
Revenue Cutters and Steamers."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of AmericainCongress
assembled, That the act of third March, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, entitled " An act relating
to revenue cutters and steamers, be and the same
is so far suspended as to allow the Secretary of
the Treasury to apply so much of the appropri-
ation for the collection of the revenue as he may
deem expedient to the charter or purchase of ves-
sels for the revenue service: Provided, That no
liability shall be incurred for the purposes herein
named, which, together with the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue, shall exceed the appropria-
tion already made for the latter object.
Approved, August 3, 1861.
Chap. XLII.—An Act providing for the better
Organization of the Military Establishment.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, an officer in the War De-
partment, to be called the Assistant Secretary of
War, whose salary shall be three thousand dol-
lars per annum, payable in the same manner as
that of the Secretary of War, who shall perform
all such dutigs in the office of the Secretary of
War, belonging to that Department, as shall be
Erescribed by the Secretary of War, or as may
e required by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident be,and is hereby,authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, in
addition to the number authorized by existing
laws and in accordance with existing regulations,
five assistant inspector generals, with the rank
and pay of majors of cavalry, ten surgeons, and
twenty assistant surgeons, to have the pay, rauk,
and allowances, and perform the duties of similar
officers in the present military establishment.
That hereafter the Adjutant General's department
shall consist of thefollowingofficers, namely: one
adjutarrt general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general; one assistant adju-
tant general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a colonel of cavalry; two assistant adjutant gen-
erals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments each
of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry; four assistant
adjatant generals, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments each of a major of cavalry; and twelve
assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments each of a captain of cavalry; and
that there shall be added to the subsistence de-
partment four commissaries of subsistence, each
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a major
of cavalry; and eight commissaries of subsistence,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments each of a
captain of cavalry, and to be taken from the line
of the Army, either of the volunteers or regular
Army.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to each of the corps of engineers
and topographical engineers three first and three
second lieutenants, to be promoted thereto in ac-
cordance with the existing laws and regulations.
And there shall be added to the quartermaster's
department one colonel, two lieutenant colonels,
four majors, and twenty captains, with the rank,
pay, and allowances of officers of cavalry; and
