1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
Laws of the United States.
3tei Cons....Is® Sess.
whenever any Army captain of the quartermas-
ter's department shall have served fourteen years'
continuous service, he shall be promoted to the
rank of major; and that there shall be added to
the quartermaster's department as many master
wagoners, with the rank, pay, and allowances of
sergeants of cavalry, and as many wagoners, with
the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry,
as the military service, in the judgment of the
President, may render necessary. A nd there shall
be added to the ordnance department of the United
States Army, as now organized, one chief of ord-
nance, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of the
quartermaster general of the Army; one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, and six second lieutenants;
the field officers to be appointed by selection from
the officers of the Army, and the second lieuten-
ants from the graduates of the United States Mil-
itary Academy, by transfers from the engineers,
or the topographical engineers, or the artillery.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to the corps of engineers three
companies of engineer soldiers, to be commanded
by appropriate officers of said corps, to have the
same pay and rations, clothing, and other allow-
ances, and be entitled to the same benefits, in
every respect, as the company created by the act
for the organization of a company of sappers and
miners and pontoniers, approved May sixteen,
eighteen hundred and forty-six. The said three
companies shall be subject to the rules and arti-
cles of war; shall be recruited in the same man-
tier and with the same limitations; shall be in-
structed in and perform the same duties, and be
liable to serve in the same way, and shall have
their vehicles, pontons, took, implements, arms,
and other supplies, regulated in the same manner
as the existing engineer company; and each of
the four companies of engineer soldiers shall here-
after be composed of ten sergeants, ten corporals,
two musicians, sixty-four privates of the first
class, or artificers, and sixty-four privates of the
second class; in all one hundred and fifty men
each.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted,- That there be
added to the medical staff of the Army a corps of
medical cadets, whose duty it shall be to act as
dressers in the general hospitals and as ambulance
attendants in the field, under the direction and
control of the medical officers alone. They shall
have the same rank and pay as the military cadets
at West Point. Their number shall be regulated
by the exigencies of service, at no time to exceed
fifty. It shall be composed of young men of lib-
eral education, students of medicine, between the
ages of eighteen and twenty-three, who have been
reading medicine for two years, and have attended
at least one course of lectures in a medical college.
They shall enlist for one year, and be subject to
the rules and articles of war. On the fifteenth day
of the last month of their service, the near ap-
proach of their discharge shall be reported to the
Surgeon General, in order, if desired, that they
may be relieved by another detail of applicants.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That in gen-
eral orpermancnt hospitals female nurses may bo
substituted for soldiers, when, in the opinion of
the Surgeon General or medical officer in charge,
it is expedient to do so; the number of female
nurses to be indicated by the Surgeon General or
surgeon in charge of the hospital. The. nurses
so employed to receive forty cents a day and one
ration in kind, or by commutation, in lieu of all
emoluments except transportation in kind.
Sec. 7. Andbeitfurtherenacted, Thatonechap-
lain shall be allowed to each lcgimentof the Army,
to be selected and appointed as the President may
direct; Provided, That none but regularly or-
dained ministers of some Christian denomination
shall he eligible to selection or appointment.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no cadet
who has been or shall hereafter be reported as
deficient, either in conduct or studies, and recom-
mended to be discharged from the Academy, shall
be returned or reappointed, or appointed to any
place in the Ai my, before his class shall have left
the Academy and received their commissions,
unless upon the recommendation of the academic
board of the Academy: Provided, Thatall cadets
now in the service, or hereafter entering the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, shall be called on
to take and subscribe the following oath: " I, A
Nw Series—No. 3.
B, do solemnly swear that I will support the'
Constitution of the United States, and bear true
allegiance to the national Government; that I will
maintain and defend the sovereignty of the United
States paramount to any and all allegiance, sov-
ereignty,or fealty I may owe to any State, county,
or country whatsoever: and that I will at all times
obey the legal orders of my superior officers and
the rules and articles governing the armies of the
United States." And any cadet or candidate for
admission who shall refuse to take this oath shall
be dismissed from the service.
Sec.9. Jlnd belt further enacted, Thatthethree
months' extra pay allowed by the twenty-ninth
section of the act of the fifth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight, for reenlistr^nts under
certain conditions, the bounty granted by the third
section of the act of the seventeenth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, for enlistments at remote
and distant stations, and the premium now paid
for bringing accepted recruits to the rendezvous,
be, and they are hereby, abolished.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That here-
after two dollars per month shall bo retained out
of the monthly pay of each enlisted man in the
regular Army until the expiration of his term of
service, instead of one dollar per month; as au-
thorized by existing laws.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases of enlistment and reenlistmcnt in the mili-
tary service of the United States the prescribed
oath of allegiance may be administered by any
commissioned officer of the Army.
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That the two
regiments of dragoons, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and the two regiments of cavalry, shall
hereafter be known and recognized as the first,
second, third, fourth, and fifth regiments of cav-
alry, respectively; the officers thereof to retain
their present relative rank, and to be promoted
as of one arm of service, according to existing lav/
and established usage and regulation.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
Army ration shall be increased as follows, viz:
Twenty-two ounces of bread or flour, or one
pound of hard bread, instead of the present issue;
fresh beef shall he issued as often as the com-
manding officer of any detachment or regiment
shall require it, when practicable, in place of salt
meat; beans and rice or hominy shall be issued
in the same ration in the proportions now pro-
vided by the regulation, and one pound of pota-
toes per man shall be issued at least three times
a week, if practicable; and when these articles
cannot bo issued in these proportions, an equiv-
alent in value shall be issued in some other proper
food, and a ration of tea may be substituted for
a ration of coffee upon the requisition of the
proper officer: Provided, That after the present
insurrection shall cease, the ration shall be as
provided by law and regulations on the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That there
may he allowed in hospitals, to be provided un-
dcrsuch rules as the surgeon general ofthe Army,
with the approval of the Secretary of War, may
prescribe, such quantities of fresh or preserved
fruits, nnlk, or butter, and of eggs, as may be
necessary for the proper diet of the sick.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any
commissioned officer of the Army, or ofthe Ma-
rine Corps, who shall have served as such for
forty consecutive years, may, upon his own ap-
plication to the President of the United States, be
placed upon the list of retired officers, with the
pay and emoluments allowed by this act.
Sec. 1G. And be it further enacted, That if any
commissioned officer of the Army, or of the Ma-
rine Corps, shall have become, or shall hereafter
become, incapable of performing the duties of his
office, he shall be placed upon the retired list and
withdrawn from active service and command and
from the line of promotion, with the following
pay and emoluments, namely: the pay proper of
the highest rank held by him at the time of his
retirement, whether by staff or regimental com-
mission, and four rations per day, and without
any other pay, emoluments, or allowances; and
the next officer in rank shall be promoted to the
place of the retired officer, according to the estab-
lished rules of the service. And the same rule of
promotion shall be applied successively to the
vacancies consequent upon the retirement of an
officer: Provided, Thatshould the brevet lieuten-
ant general be retired under this act, it shall be
without reduction in hiscurrent pay, subsistence
or allowances: And provided further, That there
shall not be on the retired list at any one time
more than seven per centum of the whole num-
ber of officers of the Army, as fixed by law.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That, in
order to carry out the provisions of this act, the
Secretary of War, or Secretary of the Wavy, as
the case may be, under the direction and approval
ofthe President of the United States, shall, from
time to time, as occasion may require, assemble
a board of not more than nine, nor less than five
commissioned officers, two fifths of whom shall
be of the medical staff; the" board, except those
taken from the medical staff, to be composed, as
far as may be, of his seniors in rank, to determ-
ine the facts as to the nature and occasion ofthe
disability of such officers as appear disabled to
perform such military service, such board being
hereby invested with the powers of a court of in-
quiry and court-martial, and their decision shall
be subject to like revision as that of such courts
by the President of the United States. The board,
whenever it finds an officerincap&citated for active
service, will report whether, in its judgment, the
said incapacity results from long and faithful ser-
vice, from wounds or injury received in the line
of duty, from sickness or exposure therein, or
from any other incident of service. If so, and
the President approve such judgment, the disabled
officer shall thereupon be placed upon the list of
retired officers, according to the provisions of this
act. If otherwise, and if the President concur
in opinion with the board, the officer shall be re-
tired as above, either with his pay proper alone,
or with his service rations alone, at the discretion
of the President, or ho shall be wholly retired
from the service, with one year's pay and allow-
ances; and in this last case his name shall be
thenceforward omitted from the Army Register,
or Navy Register, as the case may be: Provided
always, That the members of the board shall in
every case be sworn to an honest and impartial
discharge of their duties, and that no officer of
the Army shall be retired either partially or wholly
from the service without having had a fair and
full hearing before the board, if, upon due sum-
mons, he shall demand it.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers partially retired shall be entitled to wear the
uniform of their respective grades, shall continue
to be borne upon the Army Register, or Navy
Register, as the case maybe, and shall be subject
to the rules and articles of war, and to trial by
general court-martial .for any breach of the said
articles.
Sec. 19. And beit farther cnacled, That so much
of the sixth section of the act of August twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and forty-two, as allows
additional or double rations to the commandant
of cach permanent or fixed post garrisoned with
troops, bo, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That officers
of the Army, when absent from their appropriate
duties for a period exceeding six months, either
with or without leave, shall not receive the allow-
ances authonzed by the existing laws for ser-
vants, for.ige, transportation of baggage, fuel, and
quarters, either in kind or in commutation.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That any
officer of the Navy who has been forty years in
the service ofthe United States may, upon his own
application to the President of the United States,
be placed upon the list of retired officers of the
Navy, and shall receive the pay and emoluments
allowed by this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer of the Navy shall have become, or shall
hereafter become, incapable of performing the du-
ties of his office, ho shall be placed upon the re-
tired list, and withdrawn from active service and
command and from the line of promotion, with
the following pay and emoluments, namely: cap-
tains in the Navy, thirteen hundred dollars; com-
manders in the Navy, eleven hundred dollars;
lieutenants in the Navy, one thousand dollars;
surgeons ranking with captains, thirteen hundred
dollars; surgeons ranking with commanders,
eleven hundred dollars; surgeons ranking with
