36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 5j
37 th Cong. .. .1st
Laws of the United States.
tion'taken under the laws of the respective States
as to any other records or documents, and by all
other lawful ways and means, and to value and
enumerate the said objects of taxation in the man-
ner prescribed by this act, and in conformity with
the regulations and instructions above mentioned.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
said direct tax laid by this act shall be assessed
and laid on the value of all lands and lots of
ground, with their improvements and dwelling-
houses, which several articles subject to taxation
shall be enumerated and valued by the respective
assessors at the rate each of them is worth in
money on the first day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two: Provided,however, That all prop-
erty of whatever kind, coming within any of the
foregoing descriptions, and belonging to the Uni-
ted States or any State, or permanently or spe-
cially exempted from taxation by the laws of the
State wherejn the same may be situated, at the
time of the passage of this act, together with
such property belonging to any individual who
actually resides thereon as shall be worth the
sum of five hundred dollars, shall be exempted
from the aforesaid enumeration and valuation,
and from Ihe direct tax aforesaid: And provided
further, "Unit in making such assessment due re-
gard shall be had to any valuation that may have
been made under the authority of the State or
Territory at any period nearest to said first day
of April.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
respective assistant assessors shall, immediately
after being required as aforesaid by the assessors,
proceed through every part of their respective dis-
tricts, and shall require all persons owning, pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of any
lands, lots of ground, buildings, or dwelling-
houses, lying and being within the collection dis-
trict where they reside, and liable to a direct tax
as aforesaid, to deliver written lists of the same;
which lists shall be made in such manner as may
be directed by the assessor,and, as far as practi-
cable, conformably to those which may be required
for the same purpose under the authority of the
respective States.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person owning, possessing, or lmvmg the care or
management of property liable to a direct tax as
aforesaid, shall not be prepared to exhibit a writ-
ten list when required us aforesaid, and shall eon-
sent to disclose the particulars of any and all the
landsand lots of ground, with their improvements,
buildings, and dwelling-houses, taxable as afore-
said, then and in that case it shall be the duty of
the officer to make such list, which, being dis-
tinctly read and consented to, shall be received
as tile list of such person.
Sec. l(i. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
such person shall deliver or disclose to any as-
sessor or assistant assessor appointed in pursu-
ance of this act, and requiring a list or lists, as
aforesaid, any false or fraudulent list,with intent
to defeat or evade the valuation or enumeration
hereby intended to be made, such person so offend-
ing, and being convicted theieof before any court
having competent jurisdiction, shall be fined in a
sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, at the dis-
cretion of the court, and shall pay all costs and
charges of prosecution; and the valuation and
enumeration required by this act shall, in all such
cases, be mado as aforesaid upon lists,according
to, the form above described, to be made out by
the assessors and assistant assessors, respectively;
which lists the said assessors are hereby author-
ized and required to make according to the best
information they can obtain, and for the purpose
of making which they are hereby authorized to
enter into and upon ail and singular the premises,
respectively; and from the valuation and enumer-
ation so made there shall be no appeal.
Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case
any person shall be absent from his place of res-
idence at the time an assessor shall call to receive
the list of such person, it shall bo the duty of
such assessor or assistant assessor to leave at the
house or place of residence of such person, with
some person of suitable age and discretion, a writ-
ten note or memorandum, requiring him to pre-
sent to such assessor the list or lists required by
this act within ten days from the date of such note
or memorandum.
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any j
person, on being notified or required as aforesaid,
shall refuse or neglect to give such list or lists as
aforesaid within the time required by this act, it
shall be the duty of the assessor for the assess-
ment district within which such person shall re-
side, and he is hereby authorized and required,
to enter into and upon the lands, buildings, dwell-
ing-houses, and premises, if it be necessary, of
such persons so refusing or neglecting, and to
make, according to the best information which he
can obtain, and on his own view and information,
such lists of the lands and lots of ground, with
their improvements, buildings, and dwelling-
houses, owned or possessed, or under the care or
management of such person, as are required by
this act; which lists so made and subscribed by
such assessor shall be taken and reputed as good
and sufficient lists of the persons and property
for which such person is to be taxed for the pur-
poses of this act.
Sec. 19. And beitfurther enacted, That when-
ever there shall be in any assessment district any
property, lands, and lots of ground, buildings or
dwelling-houses, not owned or possessed by, or
under the care and management of, any person or
persons within such district, and liable to be taxed
as aforesaid, and no list of which shall be trans-
mitted to the assessor in the manner provided by
this act, it shall be the duty of the assessor for
such district, and he is hereby authorized and- re-
quired, to enter into and upon the real estate, if it
be necessary, and take such view thereof, and
make lists of the same, according to the form pre-
scribed, which lists being subscribed by the said
assessor, shall be taken and reputed as good and
sufficient lists of such property, under and for the
purposes of this act.
Sec. 20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
owners, possessors, or persons having the care
or management of lands, lots of ground, buildings,
and dwelling-houses, not lying or being within
the assessment district in which they reside, shall
be permitted to make out and deliver the lists
thereof required by this act (provided the assess-
ment disti let in which the said objects of taxation
lie or be is therein distinctly stated) at the time
and in the manner prescribed to the assessor of
the assessment district wherein such persons re-
side. And it shall be the duty of the assessors,
in all such cases, to transmit such lists at the time
and in the manner prescribed for the transmission
of the lists of the objects of taxation lying and
being within their respective assessment districts
to the assessor of the collection district wherein
the said objects of taxation shall lie oi be imme-
diately after the receipt thereof; and the said lists
shall be valid and sufficient for the purposes of
this aet; and on the delivery of eveiy such list,
the person making and delivering the same shall
pay to the assessor one dollar, winch lie shall
retain to his own use.
Sec. 21. Jlnd beit further cnacted, That the lists
aforesaid shall be taken with reference to the day
fixed for that purpose by this act, as aforesaid;
and the assistant ussessoj s, respectively, after col-
lecting the said lists, shall proceed to arrange the
same, and to make two general lists—the first of
which shall exhibit, in alphabetical order, the
names of all persons liable to pay a tax under
this act residing within the assessment district,
together with the value and assessment of the
objects liable to taxation within such district for
which each such person is liable, and, whenever
so required by the assessor, the amount of direct
tax payable by each person on such objects under
the State laws imposing direct taxes; and the sec-
ond list shall exhibit, in alphabetical order, the
names of all persons residing out of the collection
district, owners of property within the district,
together with the value and assessment thereof,
with the amount of direct tax payable thereon as
aforesaid. The forms of the said general list shall
be devised and prescribed by the assessor, and
lists taken according to such form shall be made
out by the assistant assessors and delivered to the
assessor within sixty days after the day fixed by
this act, as aforesaid, requiring lists from indi-
viduals. And if any assistant assessor shall fail
to perform any duty assigned by this act within
the time prescribed by his precept, warrant, or
other legal instructions, not beingprevented there-
from by sickness or other unavoidable accident,
every such assistant assessor shall be discharged
from office, and shall, moreover, forfeit and pay
two hundred dollars, to be recovered for the use
of the United States in any court having compe-
tent jurisdiction, with costs of suit.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That imme-
diately after the valuations and enumerations shall
have been completed as aforesaid, the assessor in
each collection district shall, by advertisement in
some public newspaper, if any there be in such
district, and by written notifications to be publicly
posted up in at least four of the most public places
m each collection district, advertise all persons
concerned of the place where the said lists, valu-
ations, and enumeiations may be seen and ex-
amined; and that during twenty«five days after
the publication of the notifications, as aforesaid,
appeals will be received and determined by him
relative to any erroneous or excessive valuations
or enumerations by the assessor. And it shall
be the duty of the assessor in each collection dis-
trict, during twenty-five days after the date of
publication to be made as aforesaid, to submitthe
Eroceedings of the assistant assessors and the list
y them received or taken as aforesaid to the in-
spection of any and all persons who shall apply
for that purpose; and the said assessors are hereby
authorized to receive, hear, and determine, in a
summary way, according to law and right, upon
any and all appeals which may be exhibited
against the proceedings of the said assessors:
Provided always, That it shall be the duty of said
assessor to advertise and attend, not less than
two successive days of the said twenty-five, at the
court-house of each county within his collection
district, there to receive and determine upon the
appeals aforesaid: Jlnd provided also, That the
question to be determined by the assessor, on an
appeal respecting the valuation of property, shall
be, whether the valuation complained of be or be
not in a just relation or proportion to other valu-
ations in the same collection district. And all
appeals to the assessors, as aforesaid, shall be
made in writing, and shall specify the particular
cause, matter, or thing respecting which a decision
is requested; and shall, moreover, state the ground
or principle of inequality or error complaincd of.
*And the assessor shall have power to reexamine
and equalize the valuations as shall apppar just
and equitable; but no valuation shall be increased
without a previous notice, of at least five days, to
the party interested, to appear and object to the
same, if he judge proper; which notice shall be
given by a note hi writing, to be left at the dwell-
ing-house of the paity by such assessor or an
assistant assessor.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when-
ever a State, Territory, or the District of Colum-
bia, shnll contain more than one collection district,
the assessors shall have power, on examination
of the lists rendered by the assistant assessors
according to the provisions of this act, to revise,
adjust, and equalize the valuation of lands and
lots of ground, with their improvements, build-
ings, and dwelling-houses, between such collec-
tion districts, by deducting from or adding to
cither such a rate per centum as shall appear just
and equitable.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
assessors shall, immediately after the expiration
of the time for heaving and deciding appeals,
make out correct lists of the valuation and enu-
meration in each collection district,and deliver the
same to the board of assessors hereinafter consti-
tuted in and for the States respectively. And it
shall be the duty of the assessors in each State
to convene in general meeting at such time and
place as shall be appointed and directed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. And the said assess-
ors, or a majority of them, so convened shall con-
stitute, and they are hereby constituted, a board
of assessors for the purposes of this act, and shall
make and establish such rules and regulations as
to them shall appear necessary for carrying such
purposes into effect, not being inconsistent with
this act or the laws of the United States.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the said
board of assessors, convened and organized as
aforesaid, shall, and may, appoint a suitable per-
son or persons to be their clerk or clerks, but not
more than one for each collection district, who
