1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
jLaws of the United States.
37th Cong.... 1st
the taxes of such persons as may have absconded
or become insolvent subsequent to the date of the
assessment, and prior to the day when the tax
ought, according to the provisions of this act, to
have been collected: Provided, That it shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury that due diligence was used by
the collector, and that no property was left from
which the tax could have been recovered; and
each collector designated in each State, as afore-
said, by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall re-
ceive credit for the taxes due for all tracts of land
which, after being offered by him for sale in man-
ner aforesaid, shall or may have been purchased
by him in behalf of the United States.
Sec. 42. And be it farther enacted, That if any
collector shall fail either to collect, or to render
his account, or to pay over in the manneror within
the times hereinbefore provided, it shall be the
dutj >of the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
and he is hereby authorized and required, imme-
diately aftei such delinquency, to report the same
to the Solicitor of the Treasury, who shall issue
a warrant of distress against such delinquent col-
lector and his sureties, directed to the marshal of
the district, therpin expressing the amount of the
taxes with which the said collector is chargeable,
and the sums, if any, which have been paid.
And the said marshal shall, himself or by his
deputy, immediately proceed to levy and collect
the sum which may remain due, by distress and
sale of the goods and chattels or any personal
effects of the delinquent collector; and for want
of goods, chattels, or cffects aforesaid, sufficient
to satisfy the said warrant, the same may be levied
on the person of the collector, who may be com-
mitted to prison, there to remain until discharged
in due course of law; and furthermore,notwith-
standing the commitment of the collector to prison,
as aforesaid, or if he abscond, and goods, chaltels,
and effects cannot be found sufficient to satisfy
the said warrant, the said marshal or his deputy
shall and may proceed to levy and collect the sum
which remains due, by distress and sale of the
goods and chattels or any personal effects of the
surety or sureties of tho delinquent collector.
And the amount of tho sums due from any col-
lector, as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby
declared to be a lien upon the lands and real es-
tate of such collector and his sureties until the
same shall be discharged according to law. And
for want of goods and chattels or other personal
effects of such collector or his sureties, sufficient
to satisfy any wariant of distress issued pur-
suant to the preceding section of tins act, the
lands and real estate of such collector and his
sureties, or so much thereof as may he necessary
for satisfying the said warrant, after being adver-
tised for at least three weeks in not less than
three public places in tho collection district, and
in one newspaper printed in the county or dis-
trict, if any ther^be, prior to the proposed time
of sale, may and shall be sold by the marshal or
his deputy; and for all lands and real estate sold
in pursuance of the authority aforesaid, the con-
veyances of the marshals or their deputies, ex-
ecuted in due form of law, shall give a valid title
against all persons claiming under delinquent
collectors or their sureties aforesaid. And all
moneys that may remain of the pioceeds of such
sale, after satisfying the said warrant of distress,_
and paying the reasonable costs and charges of
sale, shall' be leturned to the proprietor of the
lands or real estate sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That each
and eveiy collector, or his deputy, who shall ex-
ercise or be guilty of any extortion or oppression
under color of this act, or shall demand other or
gre iter sums than shall be authorized by this act,
shall be liable to pay a sum not exceeding two
thousand dollars, to be recovered by and for the
use of the party injured, with costs of suit, m
any courthaving corapetentjurisdiction; and each
and every collector, or his deputies, shall give
receipts for all sums by them collected and re-
tained in pursuance of this act.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That sepa-
rate accounts shall be kept at the Treasury of all
moneys received from the direct tax, and from
tho internal duties or income tax, ill each of the
respective States, Territories, and District of Co-
lumbia, and collection districts; and that separate
accounts shall be kept of the amount of each spe-
cies of duty that shall accrue, with the moneys
paid to tho collectors, assessois, and assistant as-
sessors,and to the other officers employed in each
of the respective States, Territories, and collec-
tion districts, which accounts it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, annually, in the
month of December, to lay before Congress.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That the
assessors, respectively, shall, yearly and in every
year, after the expiration of one year from the
second Tuesday of February next, inquire and
ascertain, in the manner by the fourteenth section
of this act provided, what transfers and changes
of property in lands, lots of ground, buildings,
and dwelling-houses, have been made and effected
in their respective districts subsequent to the next
preceding valuation, assessment, and apportion-
ment of the direct tax by this act laid; ana within
twenty days thereafter they shall make out three
lists of such transfers and changes, and transmit
one list to tho Secretary of the Treasury, another
list to the commissioner of taxes, and the third
shall be delivered to the collector of the collection
district. And it shall, yearly and every year,
after the said year one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-two, be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to notify the collectors of the several
collection districts the day on which it shall be
the duty of the said collectors to commence laying
and collecting the annual direct tax by this act
laid and imposed, according to the assessment of
the tax lists to them delivered by the said assess-
ors, as afoiesaid, subject only to such alterations
therein as shall be just and proper, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to conform to
the transfers and changes aforesaid, ascertained
by the assessors aforesaid; and the said collectors
shall, annually, in all respects, proceed in and
conclude the collection of the said direct tax in
the same manner and within the time hereinbe-
fore provided and prescribed.
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That in case
any State, Teintory, or the Districtof Columbia,
after notice given of its intention to assume and
pay, or to levy, collect, and pay said direct tax
herein provided for and apportioned to said State,
Territory, or District, shall, in any year after the
taking effect of this act, fail to pay the amounfof
soid direct tax, or any part thereof, as provided
in this act, in such cases it shall he lawful for the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States to
appoint United States assessors, assistant assess-
ors, and collectors, as in this act provided, whose
duty it shall be to proceed forthwith, under such
regulations as the said Secretary of tiie Treasury
shall prescribe, to collect all or any part of eaid
direct tax the same as though said State, Terri-
tory, or District, bad not given notice, nor as-
sumed to levy, collect, and pay said taxes,orany
part thereof.
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall be convictcd of willfully taking
a false oath or affirmation in any of the cases in
which an oath or affirmation is required to be
taken by this act, shall be liable to the pains and
penalties to which persons are liable for willful
and corrupt perjury, and shall, moreover, forfeit
the suVn of five hundred dollars.
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That, there
shall be allowed to the collectors appointed under
this act, m full compensation for their services
and that of their deputies in carrying this act into
effect, a commission of four per centum upon the
first hundred thousand dollars, one per centum
upon the second one hundred thousand dollars,
and one half of one per centum upon all sums
above two hundred thousand dollars; such com-
missions to be computed upon the amounts by
them respectively paid over and accounted for
under the instructions of the Treasury Depart-
ment; Provided, That m no case shall such com-
missions cxcced the sum of four thousand dollars
for a principal officer and two thousand dollars
for an assistant. And there shall be further al-
lowed to each collector their necessary and rea-
sonable charges for stationery and blank-books
used in the performance of their official duties,
which, aftei being duly examined and certified by
the commissioner of taxes, shall be paid out of
the Treasury.
Sec. 49. And be it fwither cnaclcd, That from
and after the first day of January next there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, upon the annual
income of every person residing in the-United
States, whether such income is derived from any.
kind of property, or from any professiotf, trade,
employment, or vocation, carried on in the Uni-
ted States or elsewhere, or from any other source
whatever, if such annual income exceeds thesum
of eight hundred dollars, a tax of three per centum
on the amount of such excess of such income
above eight.hundred dollars: Provided, That upon
such portion of said income as shall be derived
from interest upon Treasury notes or other secu-
rities of the United States, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a tax of one and one half per
centum. Upon the income, rents, or dividends,
accruing upon any property, securities, or stoeks
owned in the United States by any citizen of the
United States residingabroad, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, a tax of five per centum, ex-
cepting that portion of said income derived from
interest on Treasury notes and other securities of
the Government of theUnited States, which shall
pay one and one half per centum. The tax herein
provided shall be assessed upon tta annual income
of the persons hereinafter named for the year next
preceding the time for assessing said tax, to wit:
the year next preceding the firstof January,eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two; and the said taxes
when so assessed and made public shall become
alien on the property or other sources of, said
ncomc for the amount of the same with the inter-
est and other expenses of collection until paid:
Provided, That in estimating said income all na-
tional, State, or local taxes assessed upon the
property from which the income is derived shall
be nrst deducted.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the President of the United States,
and he is hereby authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one
principal assessor and one principal collector in
each of the States and Territories of the United
States, and in the District of Columbia, to assess
and collect the internal duties or income tax im-
posed by this act, with authority in each of said
officers to appoint so many assistants as th« pub-
lic service may require, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury. The said taxes to bo
assessed and collected under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury limy prescribe.
The said collectors, herein authorized to be ap-
pointed, shall give bonds, to the satisfaction of tile;
Secretary of the Treasury, in such sums os he;
may prescribe, for the faithful performance ot
their respective duties. A nil the Secretary of tho
Treasury shall prescribe such reasonable com-
pensation for the assessment and collection of said
internal duties or income tax as may appear to
him just and proper, not, however, to excced in
any case thesum of two thousand five hundred
dollars per annum for the principal officers herein
referred to, and twelve hundied dollars per annum
for an assistant. The assistant collectors herein
provided shall give bonds to the satisfaction of
the principal collector for the faithful performance!
of their duties. The Secretary of the Treasury
is further authorized to select and appoint one or
moredepositaries in each State for the deposit and
safe-keeping of the monya arising from the taxes
herein imposed when collected; and the receipt
of the proper officer of such depository to (lie:
collector for the moneys deposited by him shall
be the proper voucher for such collector in the
settlement of his account at the Treasury Depart-
ment. A nd he is further authorized and empow-
ered to make such officer or depositary the dis-
bursing agent of the Treasury for the payment
of all interest due to the citizens of such Statu
upon the Treasury notes or other Government
securities issued by authority of law. And he
shall also prescribe the forms of returns to be
made to the Department by all assessors and col-
lectors appointed under the authority of this act.
He shall also prescribe the form of oath or obli-
gation to be taken by the several officers author-
ized or directed to be appointed and commissioned
by the President under this act before a competent
magistrate duly authorized to administer oaths,
and the form of the return to be made thereon to
the Treasury Department.
Sec , 51. And be it further enackd, That the tax
