1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
3^th Cong.... 1st S.
the treasury notes payable on demand, author-
ized by said act, may be made payable by the
assistant treasurer at St. Louis, or by the depos-
itary at Cincinnati.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
treasury notes issued under the provisions of the
said act to authorize a national loan, and for
other purposes, or of any other act now in force
authorizing the issue of such notes, shall be
signed by the Treasurer of the United States, or
by some officer of the Treasury Department,
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, for
said Treasurer, and countersigned by the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, or by some officer of the
Treasury Department, designated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, for said Register, and no
treasury notes, issued underany act, shall require
the seal of the Treasury Department.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That so much
of the act to which this is supplementary as limits
the denomination of a portion of the treasury notes
authorized by said act at not less than ten dollars,
be and is so modified as to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to fix the denomination of
said notes at not less than five dollars.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in addi-
tion to the amount heretofore appropriated, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay such
expenses, commissions, or compensation as may
be necessary, in the judgment of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to carry into execution the pro-
visions of this act, and of the act to which this
is supplementary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Treasury notes authorized by theact to which this
is supplementary, of a less denomination than
fifty dollars, payable on demand without interest,
and "not exceeding in amount the sum of fifty
millions of dollars, shall be receivable in payment
of public dues.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the act entitled " An act to provide for
the better oiganization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursements of the public revenue," passed Au-
gust six, eighteen hundred and forty-six, be, and
the same are hereby, suspended, so far as to allow
the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit any of
the moneys obtained on any of the loans now
authorized by law, to the credit of the Treasurer
of the United States, in such solvent specie-paying
banks as he may select; and the said moneys, so
deposited, may be withdrawn from such deposit
for deposit with the regular authorized deposita-
ries, or for the payment of public dues, or paid in
redemption of the notes authorized to be issued
under this act, or the act to which this is supple-
mentary, payable on demand, as may seem ex-
pedient to, or be directed by, the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may sell or negotiate for
any portion of the loan provided for in the act to
which this is supplementary, bonds payable not
more than twenty years from date, and bearing
interest not exceeding six per centum per an-
num, payable semi-annually, at any rate not
less than the equivalent of par, for the bonds
bearing seven per centum interest, authorized by
said act.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. XLVII.—A n Act supplementary to an Act
entitled "An Act to increase the present Mil-
itary Establishment of the United States," ap-
proved July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall bo lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States during the existing in-
surrection and rebellion, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Lieutenant General commanding the
Army of the United States, or of any major gen-
eral of the regular Army of the United States,
commanding forces of the United States in the
field, to appoint such number of aides-de-camp,
in addition to those now authorized by law, as
the exigencies of the service may, in the opinion
of the President, require; such aides-de-camp to
bear respectively the rank and authority of cap-
tains, majors, lieutenant colonels, or colonels of
the regular Army, as the President may direct,
and to receive the same pay and allowances as
are provided by existing laws for officers of cav-
alry of corresponding rank. The President shall
cause all aides-de-camp appointed under this act
to be discharged whenever they shall cease to be
employed in active service, and he may reduce
the number so employed whenever he may deem
it expedient so to do. Any officers of the regular
Army appointed aides-de-camp under this act,
and detached or assigned to duty for service as
such, shall, upon their discharge, resume their
positions in the regular Army, and shall be enti-
tled to the same rank and promotion as if they
had continued to serve in their own regiments or
corps.
Approved, August 5, 18G1.
Ciiap. XLVIII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act entitled " An Act to protect the Commerce
of the United States, and punish the Crime of
Piracy."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any vessel or boat which shall
be built, purchased, fitted outin whole or in part,
or held for the purpose of being employed in the
commission of any piratical aggression, search,
restraint, depredation,-or s^zure, or in the com-
mission of any other act of piracy, as defined by
the law of nations, shall be liable to be captured
and brought into any port of the United States if
found upon the high seas, or to be seized if found
in any port or place within the United States,
whether the same shall have actually sailed upon
any piratical expedition or not, and whether any
act of piracy shall have been committed or at-
tempted upon or from such vessel or boator not;
and any such vessel or boat may be adjudged
and condemned, if captured by a vessel author-
ized as hereinafter mentioned, to the use of the
United States and to that of the captors, and if
seized by a collector, surveyor, or marshal, then
to the use of the United States, after due process
and trial, in like manner as is provided in section
four of the act to which this act is supplementary,
which section is hereby made, in all respects,
applicable to cases arising under this act.
Sec. 2. Jlndbc itfurther enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and hereby is, au-
thorized to instruct the commanders of the public
armed vessels of the United States, and to author-
ize the commanders of any other armed vessels
sailing under the authority of any letters of marque
and reprisal granted by the Congress of theUnited
States, or the commanders of any other suitable
vessels, to subdue, seize, take, and, if on the high
seas, to send into any port of the United States
any vessel or boat built, purchased, fitted out,
or held, as in the first section of this act men-
tioned.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the col-
lectors of the several ports of entry, the surveyors
of the several ports of delivery, and the marshals
of the several judicial districts within the United
States be, and are hereby, authorized and required
to seize any and all vessels or boats built, pur-
chased, fitted out, or held as aforesaid, which
may be found within their respective ports or
districts, and to cause the same to be proceed-
ed against and disposed of as hereinbefore pro-
vided.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to reduce Consular Pees
for Vessels running to or between foreign
ports.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That American vessels running regu-
larly, by weekly or monthly trips, or otherwise,
to or between foreign ports, shall not be required
to pay fees to consuls for more than four tripsin
a year, anything in the law or regulations re-
specting consular fees to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. L.—An Act authorizing additional Enlist-
ments-in the Navy "of the united Stated.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRepre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy Be,
and he hereby is, authorized to cause to be en-
listed in the Navy Of the United States, ifor the
term of three years or during the war, such num-
ber of able seamen, ordinary seamen, and boys,
as he may judge necessary and proper to place-
the entire Navy of the United States, and allves-'
sels that may be added to it, in; a State of- the
utmost efficiency for active service. ,
Approved, August 5, 1861. • '
Chap. LI.—An Act making further Appropria-
tion for the support of the Naval Service for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica ill Congress
assembled,, That the sum of thirty .thousand pi-
lars be, and the same is hereby, approre'iatijii,
out of any money in the Treasury not othei-wtse
appropriated, for the completion of the coal depot
at Key West, Florida, and-repairs of the wharf
belonging to the same.
For the completion of the marine barracksjit
Charlestown, Massachusetts, twelve thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of the right to manufacture
and use Coston's night signals, twenty thousand
dollars: Provided, That the full right to manu-
facture and use the same can be purchased at a
price not exceeding that sum.
For the purchase of ordnance for "the use of the
Navy, three hundred thousand dollars.
For repairing the quarters and outbuildings at
Fort Abercrombie, seven thousand dollars.
For collecting, drilling, and organizing volun-
teers, under the acts authorizing the President to
accept the services of five hundred thousand men,
twenty millions of dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, autho-
rized to change the names ofany vessels purchased
for the use of the Navy Department by authority
of law, and they shall be thereafter known by
the names so given them by virtue of this act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, Thatthere be,
and hereby is, appropriated, in like manner, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars for the
construction and equipment of gun-boats for ser-
vice on the western rivers.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. LII.—An Act making Appropriation to
pay the Expenses of the Investigating Com-
mittees of the House of Representatives and
Senate, appointed the first session of the Thir-
ty-Seventh Congress, and of the Commission
authorized to examine and report as to the com-
pensation of all officers of tlie Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of ten thousand
dollars, to pay the expenses of the investigating
committees of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, appointed at the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress,,and also the expenses
of the commission authorized to examine and re-
port as to the compensation of all officers of the
Government, said sum of money to be drawn from
the Treasury as part of the contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives, and to be dis-
bursed in the mode provided by law for such
expenses.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. LIII.—An Act authorizing the construc-
tion of twelve small Side-Wheel Steamers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy shall
cause to be constructed, with the least possible
delay, tweX-e small side-wheel steamers, for the
use of the Navy of the United States, of light
