1861.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of tJg United States.
Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the pvo-
visions of the act entitled " An act for the relief
of the Ohio and other volunteers," approved July
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
be, and the same are hereby, extended to all vol-
unteers mustered into the service of the United
States, whether for one, two, or three years, or
for and during the war.
Sec. 3. A ndbe it further enacted, That all the
acts, proclamations, and orders of the President
of the United States, after the fourth of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, respecting the
Army and Navy of the United States, and call-
ing out or relating to the militia or volunteers
from the States, are hereby approved and in all
respects legalized and made valid, to the same
intent and with the same effect as if they had
been issued and done under the previous express
authority and direction of the Congress of the
United States.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act requiring an Oath of Alle-
giance, and to Support the Constitution of the
United States, to be administered to certain
persons in the Civil Service of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the heads
of the several Departments to cause to be admin-
istered to each and every officer, clerk, or em-
ploye, now in their respective Departments, or in
any way connected theiewith, or who shall here-
after in any way become connected therewith,
the following oath, viz: " 1 do solemnly swear
(or affirm, as the case may be) that I will sup-
port, protect, and defend the Constitution and
Government of the United States against all en-
emies, whether domestic or foreign, and that I
will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty to the
same, any ordinance, resolution, or law of any
State Convention or Legislature to the contrary
notwithstanding; and, further, that I do thiswith
afull determination, pledge, and purpose, without
any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever,
and further, that I will well and faithfully per-
form all the duties which may be required of me
by law. So help me God." And that each and
every such civil officer and employe, in the De-
partments aforesaid, or in anyway connected
therewith, in the service or employment of the
United States, who shall refuse to take the oath
or affirmation herein provided, shall be immedi-
ately dismissed and discharged from such service
or employment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the oath
or affirmation, herein provided for in the first sec-
tion of this act, may be taken before any justice
of the peace, or notary public, or other person
who is legally authorized to admmisteran oath in
the State or District where the same may be ad-
ministered. And that any violation of such oath
by any person or persons taking the same shall
subject the offender to all the pains and penalties
of wilful and corrupt perjury, who shall be liable
to be indicted and prosecuted to conviction for any
such offense before any court having competent
jurisdiction thereof: And provided farther, That
such offender shall be forthwith discharged from
such service or employment.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Chap. LXV.—An Act explanatory of an Act en-
titled "An Act concerning the Attorney General
and the Attorneys and Marshals of the several
Districts."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That nothing in theactof which this act
is explanatory shall be construed to repeal, mod-
ify, or in any way affect any law, now in force,
defining or regulating the duties of the Solicitor
of the Treasury.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Chap. LXVI.—An Act to provide for the Repairs
of the Long Bridge across the Potomac river.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for
the repair of the present Long Bridge across the
Potomac river.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution authorizing the appoint-
ment of Examiners to examine a Steam Float-
ing Battery at Hoboken, New Jersey.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be au-
thorized to appoint a board of examiner# to exam-
ine the iron steam battery now building at Ho-
boken, New Jersey, and ascertain what will be
the cost of completing the same, how soon it can
be completed, and the«expediency thereof, and
report thereon for the next meeting of Congress.
Approved, JuJy 24,1861.
No. 2.—A Resolution relative to the Exhibition
of the Industry of all Nations, to be holden in
London in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Resolved by the Senate and House of_ Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he hereby
is, authorized to take such measures as shall to
him seem best to facilitate a proper representa-
tion of the industrial interests of the United States
at the exhibition of the industry of all nations, to
be holden at London in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two; and the sum of two thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated for the incidental
expenses thereof.
Approved, July 27, 1861.
No. 3.—A Resolution requesting the President of
the United States to recommend aday of Public
Humiliation, Fasting, and Prayer.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a joint committceof both Houses
wait on the President of the United States, and
request that he recommend a day of public hu-
miliation, prayer, and fasting, to be observed by
the people of the United States with religious
solemnity, and the offering of fervent supplica-
tions to Almighty God for the safety and welfare
of these States, His blessings on their arms, and
a speedy restoration of peace.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
No. 5.—A Resolution authorizing an Examina-
tion of James's Projectiles for Rifled Cannon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, authorised to allow Chailes T.
James, of Providence, Rhode Island, to rifle one
of the large ordinary Navy guns made for throw-
ing round shot, and to have it tested sufficiently
to settle the question of its capacity to use rifled
projectiles without danger; and also to directsuch
experiments as may be sufficient to ascertain the
relative and comparative value of said projectile
and cannon thus rifled.
Approved, August C, 1861.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of the Wid-
ows and Orphans of the Officers, Seamen, and
Marines of the United States sloop-of-war Le-
vant, and for other purposes.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled. That, for the purpose of fixing the time
at which shall commence the pensions under the
existing laws, of the widows and orphan children
of the officers, seamen, marines, and others in
service, who were lost in the United States sloop-
of-war Levant, as well as the time to which the
pay of said officers, seamen, marines, and others
in the service, shall be allowed, the thirtieth day
of June, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
one, shall be deemed and taken to be the day on
which the said sloop-of-war Levant foundered at
sea.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
widow, or child, or children, and in cape there
shall be.no widow,or child, or children, (as afore-
said,) then the parent or parents, and if there be
no parents, the brothers and sisters of the officers,
seamen, marines, and others in service who were
lost in said sloop-of-war Levant, including cap-
tain's clerk and assistant draughtsman, shall be
entitled to, and receive, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a sum equal
to twelve months' pay of their respective deceased
relations aforesaid, in addition to the pay due to
the said deceased atthedateoftheloss ofsaidvessel.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and are hereby, authorized and dii
rected to settle the accounts of Andrew J. Watson,
late purser in the Navy, who was lost in the
sloop-of-war Levant, with all his accounts and
vouchers for expenditures and payments made by
him, and with all the money, stores, and supplies
procured for the use of said vessel, and to allow
him a credit for whatever sum appears to be due
from him on the books of the Department.
Approved, July 24,1861.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of certain Mu-
sicians and Soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter,
in South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of eleven hundred and fifty dollars
to remunerate soldiers and members of the band
stationed at Fort Sumter, in South Carolina, for
losses of private property incurred in the removal
from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, on the even-
ing of December twenty-six, eighteen hundred
and sixty; said sum to be distributed asrfollows,
namely: To the band, four hundred dollars; to
company E, first artillery, five hundred dollars;
to company II, first artillery, two hundred and
fifty dollars r and to be divided among the mem-
bers of said band and said companies suffering
losses, or the heirs of such persons as aforesaid,
according to the award of the commanding officers
of the several commands.
Approved, July 24, 1861.
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of the Ohio
and other Volunteers.
Whereas the War Department has decided that
the term of service of the ninety-days volunteers,
called out under the act of seventeen hundred and
ninety-five, commenced only on the day when
they were actually sworn into the service of the
United States; and whereas the troops now in
the service of the United States from the State of
Ohio were not sworn into said service until some
days after their organization and acceptance as
companies by the Governor of said State, and that
for such period, under existing laws, no payment
can be made: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the proper disbursing officer com-
pute and pay to the said volunteers compensation
from the day of their organization and acceptance
as companies by the Governor of the State of
Ohio, as aforesaid, until the expiration of their
term of service.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That where the
militia of other States are situated similarly with
those of Ohio, the War Department pay them
accordingto the provisions oftiiefoiegoing section.
Afpro\ed, July 24, 1861.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to authorize the issue of
a Register to the Steamer Estella.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue a regis-
ter to the steamer Estella, in accordance with
existing laws, excepting only that provision of
law requiring the said vessel to have been built
in the United States.
Approved, July 29, 1861.
