46
APPENDIX TO TILE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Augusts, 1861.
37th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the Uncled States.
Ciiap. XL.1II.—An Act for the Relief of John C.
Me.C^pnnell.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcricain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
hereby is, directed to audit and settle, upon terms
of equity and justice, the accounts of John C.
McConnell against the United States, for ex-
penses necessarily incurred by him in raising a
regiment of volunteers in the State of Maryland,
in May, June, and July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and now in the United States service:
Provided, That the same shall not exceed the sum
of eight thousand five hundred dollars, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury of the United
States not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 3, 1861.
Chap.LXVII.—An Actauthorizingthe Secretary
of War to pay the Volunteers, who, under the
command of Charles W. White, and by order
of Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted to
protect the Railroad Bridges and other Property
in the vicinity of Oakland, Alleghany county,
Maryland^
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcricain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
! is hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of
! any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
j priated, the commissioned officers, noo-commis-
* sioned officers, musicians,and privates who served
] as a home guard for the protection of the railroad
! bridge and other property, near Oakland, Aile-
: gluiny county, Maryland, under command of Cap-
| tain Charles W. White, and were called into ser-
| vice by order of Brigadier General T. A.Morris,
j and to make to them just and reasonablecompensa-
; tion forthe failure ofthe officer of the Government
j of tho United States to furnish to them rations,
| clothing, and other supplies during their service:
j Provided, The amount to be paid shall not exceed
i the amouiTt to which, for similar service, and like
• rations, clothing, find supplies, volunteers, regu-
j lariy mustered into service under the President's
proclamation of May third, one thousand eight
hunt! red and sixty-one, wrtuid beequitable en titled.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Ciiap. LXVIII.-—An Act to provide for the pay-
ment of Arnold and Willctt, for Bread, and
Henry North, for Wood, supplied to the Uni-
ted States Volunteers in Maryland.
Be it. enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America Ui Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to cause the account of G
W. Arnold and Charles S. Willett, for bread and
the account of Henry North, for wood, furnished
to the United States volunteers in the State of
Maryland, to be audited and adjusted on terms of
equity and justice.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
PRIVATE RESOLUTION.
No. 4.—A Resolution to pay to the Widow
of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due to him as a Senator at "the time of his
death.
Resolved byjhe Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Cinited States oj •■hiicvica in Oon^ress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and is hereby, required to pay to the widow
of the late Stephen A. Douglas, late a Senator
of the United States, the amount of compensa-
tion due to him up to the time of his death, be-
ing seven hundred and fifty dollars, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, August 5, 38G1.
