APPENDIX TO THE OONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
4fr
Appropriations, New Offices, &c.
37 th Cons.... 1st Sess.
clerk of the first class, two of the second,
two of the third, and one of the fourth, and
two assistant messengers at an annual
salaiy of eight hundred and forty dollars-
each   $10,680 00
In the office of the Quaitermaster General,
five clerks ot the first class, two of the sec-
ond, two of the third, and one of the fourth,
and two assistant messengei s at an annual
salary of eight hundred and forty dollars
each".   15,480 00
In the office of the Commissary General,
tlnee cleiks of the first class and two of
the second  6,400 00
In the office of the Surgeon Geneial, one
elurk of the third class    1,600 00
In the office of the Paymaster General, thtee
clerks of the second class and three of the
third  9,000 00
In the Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
two cleiks of the thud class   3,200 00
In the Ordnance Bureau, two clerks of {l>e
fin>t class  2,400 00
For blank-books, stationery, binding, labor,
and miscellaneous items  2,000 00
Office of the Adjutant General;
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items   1,000 00
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, und
miscellaneous items  500 00
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-hooks, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items  500 00
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance :
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items     1,500 00
Office of the Colonel ot'Topographieal En-
gineers :
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items  800 00
For the general purposes of the Norihvest
Executive Building.
For fuel, light,and miscellaneous items..,. 1,000 00
Mint of the United Slates at Philadelphia.
For transportation of bullion from assayoftice
to the Mint for coinage  40,47-1 83
Independent Treasury.
For increased establishment of office of as-
sistant trcasmcr of the United States at
New York, being for additional cleiks and
compensation to eleiUnin said office  7,900 00
For additional compensation of clerk of as-
sistant treasurer of the United States at
St. Louis    000 00
Government of the Territories.
Territory of Dakota:
For salaries of Governor, tlnee judge?, and
bccretaiy  9,700 00
For contingent expenses of said'Feu itorv.. 1,000 00
Foi compensation and mileage ol the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, olliceis,
clerks, and contingent expense* of the As-
sembly    50,000 00
Territory of Nevada:
For salaries of Goveinor, three judges, and
see retaiy  0,700 00
For contingent expenses of said Torrifoiy.. ] ,000 00
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officeis,
cleiks, and contingent expenses of the As-
sembly  00,000 00
For compensation of the district attorney for
tlie Temtoiy ot Dakota  230 00
For compensation of the district attorney tor
the Tenitoiy of Nevada  250 00
For compensation of the marshal for the
Tenitory of Dakota  200 00
For compensation of the maishal for the
Terr toiy of Nevada  200 00
For office rent for the purveyor general ot
the Tenitoiy of Colorado, fuel, furniture,
books, stationeiy, and other incidental
expenses  2,000 00
For office rent lor the sutvevor general of
the Teriitoivof Nevada, lurmtnre, fuel,
book*, stationery, and other incidental
expenses  2,000 00
For office lent for the surveyor general of
tliti Tenitoiy of Dakota, furniture, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses    2.000 00
For buhuieh and commissions of registers
of land offices and icceivers of public
moneys  2,500 00
For incidental expenses oi the several laud
offices   2,000 00
For the suppoit and maintenance ot the pen-
itentjaiy of the Di-U.ct oi Columbia ..... 5,000 00
Foi tiie pay of eight additional fust-class
eletks in the Navy Department  i),600 00
For the salaiy of Abstain Secretary ot the
Navy  4,-200 00
For the yeaiiy compensation of the two la-
borer otnploved in the library of Congress,
which i.- heieby fixed at five hundred dol-
lars each, beginning July lirst, eighteen
hundred and «ixty-one , 1,000 00
New Series—No. 4.
For the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one:
For the suppoit and maintenance of the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia...
$7,981 80
$298,973 90
Bythc act to provide for the payment of the po-
lice organized by the United States for the city
of Baltimore, and to enable the Mint to furnish
small gold coins, and to provide for tlflT manu-
facture or purchase of field signals.
For the maintenance of said police  $100,000 00
To enable the Mint to turnish such small
gold corns as may be required for the pub-
lic service 
For the manufacture or purchase of appa-
ratus and equipments for field signal*....
40,000 00
5,000,00
$145,000 00
By the act making an appropriation to pay the
expenses of transporting and delivering arms
and munitions of war to the loyal citizens of the
States of which the inhabitants now are or here-
after may be in rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, and to provide for
the expense of organizing them into companies,
battalions, regiments, or otherwise, for their
own protection agains.t domestic violence, in-
surrection, invasion, or rebellion.
For supplying and defraying the expenses of transporting
and delivering such aims and munitions of war asm the
judgment of the I'icsident may bo expedient and proper
to place in the hands of any of the loyal citizens residing
in any of the States of which the inhabitants aieiniobcl-
lion against the Government of the United Suites, or in
which rebellion is or may be threatened, and likewise for
defraying such expenses as may be piopeily incurred in
oisauizing, and sustaining while so organized, any of
said citizens into companies, battalions, regiments, or
otherwise, for their own piotection against domestic vio-
lence, insuirection, invasion,or rebellion..$-2,000,000 00
By the act making an appropriation for the pur-
chase of arms for the volunteers and regular
troops of the United States.
For the purchase of arms for the use of the volunteers and
regular troops of the United States $10,000,000 00
By the act authorizing the Secretary of War to
reimburse volunteers for expenses incurred in
employing regimental and other bands, and for
other purposes.
To iciund to the volunteers called out by the President's
proclamation of the fifteenth Apiil, one thousand eight
bundled and Ri\ty-on< . such sum* ol money as may have
been expended by the said volunteers in the employment
of legimental or company bands during the peuod oi their
serviccundersaid proclamation findofimto ]
By the act to provide for the construction of one
or more armored ships and floating batteries
and for other purposes.
For the construction or completing of iron or steel-clad
steamships or steam battei les; and on the report of a hoard,
should it be tavoiablo, the Secietary of the Navy will
cause one or more ainioicd or iron or steel-clad steam-
ship* oi floating steam batteuea to be built.. ,$1,500,000 00
By the act to provide for the purchase of arms,
ordnance, and ordnance stores.
For the purchase and manufactuie of arm-*, oidnance, and
ordnance utoic< ,$10,000,000 00
By the act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes.
To allow to the seveial assessors and assistant assess-
ors, tor their seivices underline act—to each assessor
two dollars per day for every day employed in making
the necessary anangements and giving the necessary
instructions to the assistant assessors lor the valua-
tion, and thiee dollai* per day l'oi everyday employed
in healing appeals, levismg valuations, and making out
lists agreeably to the provisions of this act, and one
dollar tor every hundred taxable persons contained in
the tax list, as delivered by lum to ^aid hoard of assess-
ors ; to each as-istant assessoi two dollars for every day
actually employed In collecting lists and making valua-
tions. the umnber of days necessary foi that purpose to
bo certified by the asscs&orann appioved by the commis-
sioner of taxes, and one dollar for every bundled taxable
peisons contained in the tax lists, as completed and de-
livered by him to the assessor; to each of the assessors
constituting the board of assessors, as alorcsaid, for every
day's actual attendance at said boaui, the sum of three
doi'lais, and for traveling to and from the place desig-
nated by the Secrotaiy of the Treasury, ten cents for each
mile, bv the most dnect and usual ronte ; and to each of
the cleiks of said board two dollais for every day's actual
attendance theieon...  [Indefinite.]
For stationery and blank-books used in the
execution of their duties..   [Indefinite.]
[Indefinite.]
To allow to each collector their necessary
and reasonable charges for stationery and
blank-books used in the performance of
their official duties, after being duly exam-
ined and ceitified by the commissioner of
taxes 
For superintending the collection of ibe di-
rect tax and internal duties or income tax
laid by this act, an officer is hereby au-
thorized in the Tieasury Department, to
be called " Commissioner of Taxes," who
shall be charged, under the direction of
the Secretary, with prepaying all the forms
necessaiyfoi theassessment and collection
of the tax and duties aforesaid, with pre-
paring, signing, and distributing ail such
licenses as are required, and with the gen-
eral superintendence of all the officers em-
ployed m assessing and collecting said tax
and duties, and the necessary clerks to the
office of said commissioner, whose aggre-
gate salniies shall not exceed six thousand
dollars per annum : to pay the salaries of
said commissioner and clerks  [Indefinite.]
By the act supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize a national loan and for other
purposes."
To pay such expenses, Commissions, or compensation as
may be necessary, in the judgment of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to carry into execution the provisionsof
this act, and of the act to which this is supplement-
al   $100,000 00
By the act making further appropriation for the
support of the naval service for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and for other purposes.
Foi the completion of the coal depot at Key West,
Flonda, and repairs of the wharf belonging to the
same  $&,000 00
X'or the completion of the maunc barracks
at CharJestown, Massachusetts 
For the purchase of the light to manufac-
tuie and use Coston's night signals.......
For the purchase of ordnance for the use of
the Navy 
For repairing the quarters and outbuildings
at Foit Abercrombie   
For collecting, drilling, and organizing vol-
unteers, under the acts authorizing the
President to accept the services of five
hundted thousand men.
12,000 00
20,000 00
300,000 00
7,000 00
For the construction and equipment of gun-
boats for service on the western rivers....
20,000,000 00
100,000 00
$20,469,000 00
By the act making appropriation to pay the ex-
penses of the investigating committees of the
House of Representatives and Senate appoint-
ed the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, and of the commission authorized to
examine and report as to the compensation of
all officers of the Government.
To pay the expenses of the investigating committees of the
Senate and House of Representatives appointed at the
first bes^ion of the Tlnrty-Seventh Congiess, and also
the expenses of the commission authorized to examJn#*
and report as to the compensation of all officers of the
Government $10,000 00
By the act authorizing the construction of twelve
small side-wheel steamers.
For the construction, with the least possible delay, of
twelve small udc-whccl steamers, for the use of the
Navy of the United States, of light draught and gieat
speed #1,900,000 00
By the act making appropriations for fortifica-
tions, and for other purposes.
Tor contingencies of fortifications  $100,000 00
For removing stables and other obstiuctions
from the grounds around the Washington
Infirmary, used as an Army hospital, and
grading said grounds to secure a proper
drainage of the same.       5,000 00
$105,000 00
By the act to create a metropolitan police district
of the District of Columbia, and to establish a
police therefor.
For the purpose of canying this act into effect, including
the payment of salaries, and all other necessary charges
and expenses of the " metropolitan police" lor the year
ending Juno thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, in
addition to the balance of the appropriation made by the
act approved February twenty, eighteen hundred and
sixty, for the compensation of the auxiliary guard and
one lieutenant, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, and for twenty
policemen5'    $60,000 00
