50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Appropriations, New Offices, dec.
By the act to provide for the repairs of the Long
Bridge, across the Potomac river.
For the repair of the present Long Bridge, across tlio Poto-
mac river     ©20,000 00
By the act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to remit lines and penalties incurred in cer-
tain cases.
To pay to the person or persons entitled to receive the same
the amount of such fines or penalties as have been in-
cuired and paid by the owners or masters of vessels since
the first day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty, in
consequence of their failure to produce to collectors of
the customs the clearances or other papers prescribed
and required by the laws of the United States regulating
the issue of marine papers and the foreign and coasting
trades  [Indefinite.]
To pay to the person or peisons entitled to
reeeivrt the same the amount of a fine im-
properly exacted by the collector of the
customs at the port of Norfolk, Virginia,
in the month of November, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, of the master of the India,
a Russian vessel    $5(*0 00
By the act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the Uni-
ted States sloop-of-war Levant, and for other
purposes.
The widow, or child, or children, and in case there shall
be no widow, or child, or children, (as aforesaid,) then
the parent or parents, and if there be no patents, tho
brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen, marines, and
others, in service, who were lost in said sloop-of-war
Levant, including captain's clerk and assistant diaughts-
man, a sum equal to twelve months' pay of their respect-
ive deoeased relations aforesaid, in addition to the pay
due to the said deceased at the date of the loss of said
vessel   [indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of certain musicians and
soldiers stationed at Port Sumter, in South
Carolina.
To remunerate soldier* and membeisof the band sta-
tioned at Fort Sumter, in South Carolina, for losses of
private pioperty incurred in the removal fiom Foit
Moultrie to Fort Sumter on the evening of Deccmbei
twemy-sk, eighteen handled and sixty, namely:
To the bund  $ 100 00
To company E, firs-t artillery  500 00
To company II, first nuiUcry  250 00
$1,150 00
By the act fur the relief of Julm c. MeCminell.
For expense* necessarily incuried by Jam in raising a ic-
gimcnt of volunteeiH in the State of Maryland, in Mav,
June, and July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and now
in the United States service  !$>V 00 00
By the act authorizing the Secretary of "War to
pay the volunteers who, under the command
of Charles VV. White, and by order of briga-
dier General T. A. Morns, enlisted to protect
the railroad bridges and other property in the
vicinity of Oakland, Allogany county, Mary-
land.
The commissioned officer, non commissioned officer,
musl-. iaiiH, ami \n ivaK'b, who served as a Inmio ^nard !oi
tho protection nt this railroad biiiljc anil otlim- pn>|><:ity
near Oakland, Allegany oouiily, Maivlaml, under com-
mand of (Japlalu I Carles VV. White,and wcic called into
Borneo by order <>t Hrlf-adicr (Jcncral 'I'. A. Morns, and
to make to them just and reasonable compensation lor
the failure of tin: officer of the Government of the United
Ktntcs to furnish them lations, eiotllilig, and other sun-
piles during their service (Indclimtc.)
By the act to provide for the payment of Arnold
and Willctt for bread, and Henry North for
wood,supplied to the United States volunteers
in Maryland.
To pay the account or (,'. W. Arnold andChailesS. Wllleit
for biead, and the necountof licnrv North for wood, ftlt-
mslled to the United States volunteer in tile >St no of
Marjland, 011 tonus of equity and justice... .["Indefinite. J
By the resolution lulutive to fhc exhibition of the
industry of all nations, to be holden in London
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
To enable tlio Pre-mleni to fake mi- h mea-uies shall to
him seem he^t to facilitate a piopei rcptoscnnittou of the
industrial interests of the United States af tin- exhibition
ot the indiiMtiy ot all nations, ro be holden at Loudon in
the year eighteen bundled and MAty-two, and I'm the
incidental expenses theieof $2,000 00
By the resolution to pay to the widow of the late
fetephen A. Douglas the amount due to him as
a Senator at the time of his death.
For the amount of compensation due, to him up to tlie
time of ins death \-,7-)0 u(>
RECAPITULATION.
Civil and miscellaneous  $1,371,873 SO
Aimy, arms, and fortifications.  207,401,397 P0
Naval service  56,385,086 29
$265,158,357 90
II.—Offices created and the salaries
thereof.
By the act further to provide for the collection
of duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Approved July 13, 1861.
The Secretary of the Treasury, with the approbation of
the President, shall appoint such number of weighers,
gaugers, measurers, inspectors, appraisers, and clerks as
may be necessary, in his judgment, for the faithful execu-
tion of the revenue laws in ports of delivery where the col-
lection of the revenue is obstructed by reason of unlawful
combinations. Compensation not stated.
The Secretary of the Treasury may appoint such officers,
at places where officers of the customs are not now author-
ized by law, as may ho needed to carry into effect such
licenses, rules, and 1 emulations as may be requited for com-
mercial jiitercouise with any portion of a State the inhab-
itants of which may be declared to be in a state of insur-
rection. Such officer to receive the same fees and com-
pensation as arc now allowed by law for similar services.
By the act to provide for the appointment of as-
sistant paymasters in the Navy. Approved
July 17, 1861.
The Picsidcnt of the United States shall appoint assist-
ant paymaster in the Navy, not exceeding thirty-Fix in
irnnber, whose annual pay shall be as follows:
On duty at sea, for the first five yeais after date of com-
mission, one thousand three bundled dollars; after five
years from date of commission, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
On other duty, for the first five years after date of com-
mission, ono thousand dollais; alter live years from date
of commission, one thousand two hundred dollars.
On leave ot absence or waiting orders, lor the first five
years aftei date of commKsinn, eight hundred dollais; aiter
live years fiom date of commission, one thousand dollars ;
and when attached to ves-cls lor sea service, each assistant
paymaster shall be entitled to one latum per da>.
By the net to authorize n national loan, and for
other purposes. Approved July 17, 18G1.
The Secretary of the Treastny is authorized to drsignatn
the poisons who shall receive subscnpuons for Treasmy
note-i, and to tW the compensation of such officers ; but tlie
pay ot no oflicei of the Government already employed is
hereby increased.
The Scereiaty of the Tre.i-<uiy i- authorised to appoint
an agent or agents for negotiating a loan, it deemed neeos-
saiy, in Kurope, and toliv the compensation ot such agent
or agents.
By the act to provide for the temporary increase
of the Navy. Approved July JM, 1861.
The temporaiy appointments made, or to be made, by the
Soeieiary of the Navy ^the number not stated 111 the act)
ot aetmg lieutenants, act!n«* payma-teM, acting a ■.-infant
*-uigeons,iietingmasteis,and nia-teis' mate';, are eonlnmed
as acting temporary appointments, and the late of eompen-
uition allowed foi the said sevuiul guides is legalized and
continued.
By the aet for the better organization of the Marine
Crtips. Approved July 25,
The Pi evident 1-3 authorized to appoint, tu addition to the
coimnissinedotlieei* now in the Manue Coips,oije colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, one assistant quarteimaster, seven
captains-, ten tii.st and ten second lieutenants. Pav not
stated in the aet.
The number of non-commissioned officer*, mu«ieian^,
and privates at present luthc M.mue Cotps is meieased, so
that there shall be, undei the leoigantzntiou, one sergeant
nuijoi. one fpiarterma-toi seigeant, one di uin-major, one
principal musician, two hundred sergeants two hundred
and twenty eoipoials, thirty niusiciaus loi the band, sixty
drummers, bixty liters, and twenty-live hundred pnvates.
By the act relative to tlie revenue marine, to fix
the compensation of the officers thereof, and
for other purposes. Approved July 25, 1861.
By the sixth section there shall be appointed such num-
ber of additional cuginecis and assistant engineers as may
be required by the steamers now or hereaftci m the frev-
emiej service.
By the art making additional appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of thcGovernment for the year ending June 30,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the
year ending June 30,1861. Approved July 27,
1861.
Eight additional nisrht watchmen for the Department of
the Interior, at a salary of $f>00 each.
In the office of the Seeiet.ny of War:
One clerk ot the fii t elasa, at .vl,2u0 per annum.
Two cleiks of the second class, at $1,100 pci annum
each.
1 wo clerk? of the third class, at $I,G00 per annum each.
One clerk of the fourth class, at .§1,800 per annum.
J'wo assistant inoasa  eu, at un annual sahuy ot SS4U
In the Office of the (Quartermaster General:
Five clerks of the first class, at $1,300 per annum each.
1 wo clerks of the second class, at ^1,400 per annum
each.
Two clerks of the third class, at $l,G00ppr annum each.
One clerk of the fourth class, at $1,800 per annum.
Two assistant messengers, at an annual salary of .<§840
each.
In the office of the Commissary General:
Three clerks of the first class, at $1,200 per annum cach.
Two clerks of the second class, at $1,400 per annum
each.
In the office of the Surgeon General:
One clerk of the third class, at $1,600 per annum.
In the otiice of the Paymaster General :
Three clerks of the second class, at $1,400 per aunum
cach.
Three clerks of the third class, at $1,600 per annum cach.
In the Buicau of Topographical Enginecis ;
Two cleiks of the third class, ai$l,60t) per annum each.
In the Oidnance Bureau:
Two cleiks of tlie fiist class, at $1,200 per annum each.
Additional clerk-* (number not stated) m the ofhec of the
Assistant Treasure* of the United States at New York.
Compensation not stated in the act.
By the act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property. Approved July 22, 1861.
Py this act the President is authoiized to accept the ser-
vices of volunteer-", either us cavahy, infantry, oi artiliejy,
in such numbers, not exceeding five hundred 'tbou-and, as
he may deem necessaiy for repollmsj invasion, suppressing
indirection, and piotectin-j public pioperty.
These voiunteei.s arc to be foimed into icgimcnts of in-
fantry, excepting such as may be leqmred tor cavalry and
artilloiv, which shall be m the ptoportion of one company
of each to eveiy regiment ot mtantrv.
Each ropiment of intantiy phall have one colonel, one
lieutenant colonel, one majoi, one adjutant, (a lieutenant,)
one quaitcrmaster, (a lieutenant,) one surgeon, one assist-
ant surgeon, one sc.igcatn major, one regimental quarter-
mastci seigcanf, one icgimental commKsaiy sergeant, one
hospital steward, two principal musicians, and t\venrv-lonr
musicians for a b.md. Each regiment shall be composed
of ton companies, ten eaptam', ten fust and ten xeeond
licuienants, ten fust seig'Mnts, foity sergeaet^, eighty em-
poiaH, twenty musicia.is, (two to each coinp.iiiv.) feu
wa^oucis, (one loi each company,) and fiom ma bundled
and lorty to eight hmwlied ami twenty privates, (si My four
to eighty-two io oath company.)
These ioice^, when accepted, are to be organized into
divisions, bugades, and regiment*. Each division shall
have thiee oi moie brigades, and shall have a m;)p r gen-
oial, with tlnee aids .de-camp, and one assistant adjutant
gencial with the rank of major.
Eaeh briga/le ^ball be composed of four or more regi-
ments and shall have one brigadier general, with two aidr?-
de-camp, one as>i<tant adjutant general with flic lankof
captain, one surgeon, one assistant quartermaster, and one
comuu-Naiy oi subsistence.
The 1'iesidcnt is authorized, by and with the advico and
consent ot the Senate, to appoint not exceeding major
generals, and not exceeding enrhtcen bugadici generals;
also the other division and biigade oflieeis re(tuired foi the
organization ot these foices, except the auU-de-camp, who
are to be selected by theii le^peutive generals fiom the
oflieeis of the Annv or volunteer eorp^.
The Gove mots of States furnishing volunteer-, under tins
act shall eommi-tfion the field, stall, and company oflieeis ;
hut in ca^e of refusal or onu^ion to do so, the Piesidcntis
authoiized to make the appointments.
The olhccts, non commissioned officers, and privates,
when oigani/.cd, shall be placed on the same footing, a<< to
pay and allowances, as similar coipi of the regular Aimy.
TIuj legnneiital bartd-> shall be paid as follows: On."
fotuth of each shall receive the pay and allowances ofsei-
geants of engineer soldieis ; one fourth tho.-c of coiporals
ot engineer soldiers, and the remaining half those of pri-
vates of engineer soldiers of the first class. The leaders of
the hands Mmi! receive each the pay and emoluments of a
second lieutenant of infantry.
The wagoners and saddlers shall receive the pay and
allowances ot coiporals of cavahy.
Tii? io«imental commissary tcrccant shall loceivc the
pav and allowances of a regimental sergeant majoi.
The lcgnncntal quaitcrmaster scigeant shall icceive tho
pav and allowances of a setgeant of cavalry.
There shall he appointed a chaplain to each jegimcnt,
who shall icceive the pay and allowances of a captain of
cavalry.
By the act in addition to the " Act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforc-
ing the laws and protecting public property."
Approved July 25, 1861.
By this act tho President is authoiized to accept the sex-
vices ofvolunteeis either a-; cavalry, infantry, or artillery,
in such numbers as the exigencies'of the public serwee
may requne, not exceeding^five handled thousand, to be
upon the s.amo footing in all rc&pccts with similar coip- of
tlie United States Army, and snail be mu^teied into the
service for " duiing the war."
The President is authorised to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent ot the Senate, for the command of these
torces, such number of major generals and brigadi n gcneiate
as may in Ins judgment be required for their oigamzation.
By the act supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to increase the present military establish-
ment of the United States," approved July 29,
18G1. Approved August 5, 1861.
The President npwi the lecyinincnUaUoii of thy Li^u-
