
Inclosed you will find the reports of Colonel Ball and Lieutenant-Colonel spence, to which, for more minute details, I have the honor to refer you.

I have the honor to remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. ARMISTEAD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN C. BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 733.

Report of Colonel Charles P. Ball, Eighth Alabama Cavalry, of operations June 24.
HEADQUARTERS PILLOW'S BRIGADE,June 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late attack on La Fayette, Ga.:

Having arrived at a point one mile and a quarter west of the town, my regiment was dismounted, with the exception of Companies A and B, under Major Redwood, Ninth [Eighth] Alabama, who acted under the immediate orders of Colonel C. g. Armistead, commanding brigade, from whom I received orders to assume command of all the dismounted men of the brigade, and move at the double-quick into town, and form with my left resting on the Chattanooga road. My command reached town in an exhausted condition, but soon recovered and formed line. I found it impossible to form line as directed, but formed and moved up a hill upon some houses occupied by the enemy. After a short but severe conflict I succeeded in driving the enemy. I here met Colonel Armistead and reported to him my inability to form line as directed. I then moved forward to the Chattanooga road. At this point I halted and changed front on the right of my line, which being executed (the regiments occupying the following positions, viz, a portion of Lewis' battalion on right, Ninth [Eighth] Alabama in center, and Armistead's regiment on left), I moved forward to the court-house and gave the order to charge. This was nobly and gallantly done. The enemy opened a destructive fire from the court-house, jail, and other buildings, which caused the line to fall back to cover, but was soon rallied.

In this charge the Ninth [Eighth] Alabama lost 2 gallant officers-Captain C. E. England, Company E, and First Lieutenant S. S. Johnson, commanding Company F; the former wounded, the latter killed within twenty-steps of the court-house. Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch was wounded while gallantly leading his regiment. He, however, remained upon the field. At this time Neely's brigade (dismounted) came up and occupied the hoses from which the enemy had been partially driven by Armistead's and Ball's regiments. Colonel Armistead having been wounded in the charge on the court-house, the command of the brigade here devolved upon me. I immediately ordered the line forward and assisted in occupying the houses and sharpshooting the enemy.

