
tant, for his distinguished gallantry throughout the action, and fearlessly charging up to and inside of the lower room of the jail was remarked by all.

Captain J. D. Lynch, Company I, being seriously wounded in the early part of the engagement, the command of his company devolved upon Orderly Sergt. T. H. C. Strong, who reported to Colonel Ball during most of the action. He, however, rejoined his regiment before the last charge, and handled his company ably, and displayed great coolness, bravery, and gallantry.

George D. Shelton, first Lieutenant Company A, Lewis' battalion, becoming separated from his command, reported to me with thirty-two men, and behaved admirably during the whole affair.

Inclosed will be found the list* of the killed, wounded, and missing regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. SPENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel ARMISTEAD and BALL,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 735.

Report of Captain William V. Harrell, Lewis' (Alabama) battalion, of operations June 24.
HEADQUARTERS PILLOW'S BRIGADE,Near Oxford, Ala., June 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the operations of Lewis' battalion in the late action at La Fayette, Ga.:

When within a mile and a half of this place we came to a halt and dismounted, except every fourth man, to whose charge was committed the safe-keeping of the horses. Instantly the command "forward, march" being given, we started for La Fayette at a double-quick. On entering it loud and repeated volleys of musketry greeted our ears and told us in forcible language that the ball had already opened. Pushing on rapidly in the direction of the sound, we soon found a portion of our men engaged with the enemy, who had taken refuge in a large frame building, situated in the northern portion of the town. We charged with a yell, captured the building, and took some prisoners. We next attacked a spacious brick edifice, formerly appropriated to school purposes, but lately converted by the enemy into a receptacle for commissary stores. Having in a very short time demonstrated our right to the possession of this house, we secured its Yankee occupants and sent them to the rear. We then marched southward toward the jail and court-house, capturing many prisoners as we progressed. When nearly opposite the east end of the jail the noble, gallant, and chivalrous Major Lewis fell mortally wounded while leading his men to the charge, addressing them in language of endearment and encouragement, stimulating them by word and example to the performance of deeds worthy of the world-wide reputation of the sons of the South for bravery and heroism. As the spirit of the lamented Lewis was about to bid adieu to its earthly tenement, his feeble voice was heard saying,

---------------

* Not found, but see Pillow's report, p. 997.

---------------

