
orty rounds of ammunition. On the 19th I was ordered to take about 600 men from my brigade for the contemplated movement, and to send my trains and disabled horses to the rear. On the morning of the 20th I moved as directed on the Blue Mountain road. At Blue Mountain I was ordered to take a right-hand road, and, moving thence to Jacksonville, cross the Coosa at Adams' Ferry, above Gadsden, and join the brigadier-general commanding with the other forces somewhere on the road above Gadsden. I moved as directed, but found on the 22nd [?] that the ferry-boat at Adams' was unserviceable. I then tried to cross at Perry's and Berry's and Thornton's, and found that the boats at these places were wither unserviceable or had been removed by Brigadier-General Pillow to Gadsden. I was compelled to go to that place to cross. I was all night of the 22nd [?] crossing my command. I then moved to Blue Pond and camped there on the night of the 23rd [22d]. Owing to some delay in the wagons transporting the forage and supplies, which were to be issued at that place, I could not move until the next day. The wagons were not at all under my control.

On the morning of the 23rd I moved from Blue Pond up the valley toward Alpine, Ga. It should be stated here that I was ordered to send back from Gadsden my disabled horses. I sent back about sixty horses, which were unfit for further service. I moved on through Alpine, and here [sic] ordered into camp about eight miles from that place. I had just commenced unsaddling when I received an order to move on. I was informed by the brigadier-general commanding that he has learned that there were about 400 of the enemy at La Fayette, Ga., about fifteen or twenty miles distant, and that it was his intention to attack and capture them that night or next morning. Putting my troops in motion I moved as indicate in the rear of Armistead's brigade of Alabamians. When within about seven miles of La Fayette we came to two roads diverging and leading to that place. Armistead's brigade moved on the left, and I, under the personal supervision of the brigadier-general commanding, moved my brigade upon the right-hand road. I sent forty men from Fifteenth Regiment, under Captain Nutt, as advance guard, who received his orders from the brigadier-general commanding. When the brigade had come within a short distance of the picket-lines the troops were halted and the brigadier-general commanding proceeded to reconnoiter the grounds. After some delay of a half hour, I suppose, I was ordered to move through some old fields upon my left and to the west of the road which we had been traveling, and which ran, I through, a little north of east. I was ordered to form and move upon the town, the brigadier-general leaving with the advance guard upon the road we had left, with the intention, he informed me, of attacking the pickets upon that road when the action had commenced. It should be stated here that just as I was receiving these orders the firing of the pickets upon the road upon which Armistead had moved indicated that his forces had been discovered by the enemy. A single gun in my immediate front indicated that the enemy had discovered our approach upon that road. While tearing down the fences of the old field through which I was to move, the enemy's bugles sounded the alarm, and almost simultaneously heavy's firing indicated that Armistead's forces were engaged. Daylight [24th] was just dawning; I moved rapidly through the fields, formed the Fifteenth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment, which was in front (commanded by Colonel F. M. Stewart), ordered a line of skirmishers for-

