
I do not think my brigade lost a man captured in this perilous situation. As soon as they had reached their horses all was calmness again, and I was enabled, with the Twelfth and Fourteenth Regiments, under their brave commanders, to protect the retreat, and so punish the enemy that he did not dare to follow me.

We captured about 30 horses, a good many arms, and over 40 prisoners. My troops captured the ambulances of Colonel Watkins, Federal commander, his uniform coat, and other personal baggage. We also captured the colors of the Third Kentucky Cavalry. They were placed in the ambulance, and an effort was made to bring it off. Being upset and broken, and the horses being killed by the enemy, we were compelled to abandon it.

My loss is 6 killed and 14 wounded. None reported missing. I brought off all my wounded but 2, who could not possibly be moved.

I desire to acknowledge the services of all my officers, who acted as become their positions as soldiers and officers.

Too much praise cannot be given my brave men for their cheerful gallantry under the trying circumstances of this engagement and perilous retreat.

A saber was captured by Captain Deberry, Fourteenth Regiment, bearing the inscription, "W. Orton Williams, C. S. A., chief of artillery. Shiloh, April 6, 1862." This officer was, I believe, a member of Lieutenant-General Polk's staff in the first year of the war, and was hung by Rosecrans after his arrest as a spy at Franklin, Tenn., in 1863.

I would gratefully acknowledge the services of my regular staff and those gentleman (Messrs. Miller and Stephens) who volunteered for the occasion.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. NEELY,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Forrest's Cav.

Major BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 737.

Resolution of thanks to officers and soldiers in the Confederate service from the State of Missouri.

Numbers 5.- JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to Missouri officers and soldiers in the Confederate service east of the Mississippi River.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby tendered, to Brigadier General F. M. Cockrell and the offices and soldiers composing the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Regiments of Missouri Infantry, First, Second, and Third Regiments of Missouri Cavalry, the batteries of Bledsoe, Landis, Guibor, Walsh, Dawson, and Barrett, and Woodson's detached company, all in the service of the Confederacy, east of the Mississippi River, for the prompt renewal of their pledges of fidelity to the cause of Southern independence for forty years, unless independence and peace, without curtailment of boundaries, shall be sooner secured

Approved May 23, 1864.

