
mated their wounded at 1,000, though subsequent facts ascertained places it beyond even that. General Harrow reports 56 prisoners captured, not including 60 wounded, and the burial of 12 dead bodies. General Osterhaus estimates their loss in his front at from 400 to 500.

After the enemy had evacuated on the night on the 1st, a staff officer of General Osterhaus discovered,immediately in rear of the point where the most desperate fighting occurred in his front, the graves of 131 bodies, which bore evidence of quite recent interment, and who had evidently been buried with the view to our not discovering them. From the reports of division commanders I do not hesitate to place their loss at 500 killed and from 3,000 to 5,000 wounded, with a loss of 241 prisoners, not including the wounded who fell into our hands. This engagement virtually gave us possession of the railroad at Jonesborough, for it established the fact that our position, within half a mile of the depot and the town, was secure against successful assault. After night-fall the enemy remained quiet. My loss in this engagement was only 154 in killed, wounded and missing.

The enemy's force in the assault was ascertained from prisoners captured to be the corps of Hardee and Lee.

On the 1st of September the Fourteenth Corps being ordered to take position on my left I was directed to make a demonstration in its favor. I accordingly, at the appointed time, caused all my artillery to open on the intrenched position of the enemy, and made feints at different points on my line as if I intended to assault them in their works. These feints, I think resulted satisfactorily, as it kept their trenches full in my front, while the Fourteenth Corps charged the enemy on my left. These demonstrations often, through the day, resulted in slight actions, which in every instance resulted in our favor. On the night of the 1st of September the enemy evacuated their position. At daydawn on the morning of the 2d, such had been their watchfulness, the pickets were in the town and skirmishing with those of the enemy just moving out. A great many stragglers from the enemy were picked up and sent to our rear. Receiving orders to move forward on a road leading by the right of the railroad, I placed Harrow's division in advance, and pursued the enemy, with constant skirmishing five miles to their intrenched position around Lovejoy's Station, and took position on the most elevated ground in the enemy's front, only about from 300 to 500 yards from what appeared their main line, and intrenched Harrow's division on the right and Osterhaus' on the left, keeping Hazen's in reserve. This position was maintained until the night of the 5th, we, in pursuance of Special Field Orders, Nos. 116 and 118, from department headquarters, I withdrew from the position at 8 p.m., and returned that night to my old position at Jonesborough, where I remained until 7 a.m. September 7, when I again withdrew and moved to the vicinity of Morrow's Mill, and there occupied the works the enemy had previously constructed. From this position, at 8 a.m. September 8, I started for East Point, the present place of encampment, where I arrived about 11 a.m. of the same day, and went into position, placing Osterhaus' division on the right, Hazen in the center, and Harrow on the left, connecting on the right with the Left Wing of the Sixteenth Army Corps, covering the Macon railroad.

The officers and soldiers of my command have performed the duties of the campaign willingly and earnestly; in no instance has a disposition other than to face the enemy been exhibited. Many of

