
until the close of the campaign-fully and efficiently performed the duties assigned them. Major Frank C. Gillette, provost-marshal in addition to the duties of his office, which, upon such a campaign as the past, where prisoners are daily to be cared for, performed duty as an aide-de-camp. Captain L. E. Yorke performed treble duty of commissary of musters, acting assistant inspector-general, and aide-de-camp, and performed them all in such a manner as to leave no room for criticism. Upon Lieutenant L. B. Mitchell devolved one of the most important duties that rested upon any officer of the command, that of keeping the command supplied with ammunition. His duty was performed fully and to my entire satisfaction. At no time did he allow the supply to fall below 140 rounds per man of small-arm ammunition, and 200 rounds per gun of artillery ammunition. My personal aides, Major John R. Hotaling, Captain John s. Hoover, Captain W. B. Pratt, and Captain Cunningham, performed all the duties, both night and day, with a fearlessness and zeal which elicited my hearty commendation, often exposing themselves where duty called them to the most imminent danger. Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster until he retired from the service on the 30th day of June, performed the duties of his department completely. He was succeeded by Captain C. F. Emery, who supplied the command with all it needed promptly and efficiently and soon entitled himself to my confidence. Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Morton, chief commissary of subsistence, and Captain W. A. McLean, assistant chief commissary never at any time allowed the command to be fed on half rations, but kept full rations always in the hands of division commissaries. Fresh beef was furnished by them as often as necessary. Captain Klostermann, my chief engineer, was untiring in his efforts to establish systematic lines, both offensive and defensive to select those most favorable for occupation and, upon the march, to establish good and practicable routes. He is a most worthy and efficient officer. Lieutenant William H. Barlow, acting assistant quartermaster at headquarters,performed every duty assigned him with a promptness which proved efficiency.

Please find accompanying this report the reports of division commanders and lists of casualties, with reports from Major Maurice, chief of artillery, and Lieutenant Edge, chief signal officer, and maps and plans by Captain Klosterman, chief engineer.

JOHN A. LOGAN

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 13, 1864

I have the honor to recommend for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers the following-named officers for gallant and meritorious services in the field during this campaign: Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry; Colonel Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Volunteer Infantry; Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Colonel James A. Williamson, Fourth Iowa Volunteers Infantry; Colonel William B. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

