
Numbers 449.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel Edge, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, 15TH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the signal detachment, Fifteenth Army Corps, for the campaign ending September 8, 1864:

May 1, this detachment, consisting of four commissioned officers and twelve enlisted men, left Huntsville, Ala., by order of Major-General Logan, in company with the headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, and proceeded to Chattanooga, Tenn., where it arrived on the morning of the 6th of May. Moved the same day to Gordon's Mills, by order of the commanding general, thence to Snake Creek Gap in company with the Fifteenth Army Corps. May 9, met the enemy. Lieutenants Edge and Sample move din company with the skirmishers, they driving the enemy until within a mile of their rifle-pits when the rebels fired from ambush, wounding the horse of Lieutenant Sample so badly that he fell, dismounting the lieutenant. This caused him to fall back to the main line. Lieutenant Edge kept in front with the skirmishers, and gained a point called Bald Knob, in sight of Resaca, and in range of the enemy's sharpshooters. A message was immediately sent from Lieutenant Edge to Generals McPherson, Logan, and Dodge, informing them of the enemy's works and force. I a short time after Major-Generals McPherson, Logan, and Dodge made a reconnaissance in person, each of them using the glass of the lieutenant, and became satisfied that the information received from Lieutenant Edge was correct. Lieutenant Edge was then ordered by Major-General McPherson to remain as long as possible at his post, and give all the information he could to the generals, which was done with promptness. At dark Lieutenant Edge fell back with the army. May 10, the detachment received orders from Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer, to assist in opening communication with Major-General Hooker, in compliance with order from Major-General Sherman, which was promptly obeyed. May 11, succeeded in getting communication with Major-Generals Sherman and Hooker. Lieutenants McNary, Edge, Sample, and Frerichs were engaged on this line. May 13, the detachment moved to the front, by order of Major-General Logan, each officer being placed in the most prominent position, in order to give information, both by flag and courier, of all movements of the enemy and our own army, which was done with promptness. May 16, moved with the army, by order of General Logan, and crossed the Oostenaula. May 17, Lieutenants Edge and Sample moved in front, with the cavalry skirmishers, reconnoitering and keeping them and the commanding general informed of all movements of the enemy. May 18, moved with the army, by order of General Logan, to Adairsville. May 19, went into camp near Kingston, where we remained until the morning of the 23d. May 21, Lieutenant McNary, commanding the detachment, was relieved from duty, by order of Major-General McPherson, on account of expiration service, and First Lieutenant Samuel Edge assumed command by seniority. First Lieutenant John H. Frerichs returned to Huntsville, Ala., by order of Major-General McPherson, this leaving two officers and twelve enlisted men for duty. May 23 moved with the army, by

