
order of General Logan, toward Pumpkin Vine Creek, arriving May 25. May 26, reconnoitered the enemy near Dallas; gave information to Major-Generals McPherson and Logan. May 27, Lieutenants Edge and Sampel established a station near Dallas, and opened signal communications with Major-Generals Sherman and Hooker, and transmitted all official dispatches with promptness until June 1, when the Army of the Tennessee moved and joined the Army of the Cumberland, causing us to abandon our line of communication.

June 1, Lieutenants Edge and Sample, moved to the front of the new position of the Army of the Tennessee and established a station of observation and received several contraband dispatches and transmitted them to Generals McPherson and Logan as soon as received. Also gave general information of the enemy moving from our front. June 2, received several more contraband dispatches and transmitted them promptly to the generals commanding. June 3, Lieutenants I. C. Worley, J. H. Weirick, W. W. Allen, and C. H. Fish, with twenty-eight enlisted men reported to Lieutenant S. Edge, commanding detachment, for signal duty, by order of Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer. June 4, received some more contraband messages. June 5, at daylight Lieutenants Edge and Sample found the enemy's works evacuated, and proceeded immediately to old rebel signal station. Answered rebel signal call from Lost Mountain, received contraband message, which was promptly transmitted to Major-Generals McPherson and Logan. The detachment then moved with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of the commanding general, to Acworth, arriving June 6. June 7, Lieutenant Edge proceeded to white frame church, built a station of observation, at 11 p.m. opened communication by signals to Allatoona Mountain, and placed Lieutenants Worley and Allen on station. This station was occupied until the 10th of June, transmitting all messages with promptness. June 9, First Lieutenant Samuel S. Sample and three men were relieved from duty with this detachment, assigned to duty in the signal detachment attached to Seventeenth Army Corps, by order of Major-General McPherson. June 10, abandoned station on church and moved with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of Major-General McPherson. June 10, abandoned station on church and moved with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of the commanding general, to Big Shanty. Lieutenant Edge, with the assistance of the officers in the detachment, established two stations of observation, received the two contraband dispatches, and transmitted them to the commanding generals as soon as received, when the rebels changed their code and for one day cut off our contraband information. June 11, watched rebel movements all day. The officers, with the aid of Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer, deciphered the rebels'

new code of signals. Lieutenant Edge received two contraband messages and found them complete. June 14, moved to the front of Kenesaw Mountain, and established two stations of observation. Lieutenants Edge, Worley and Allen occupying one, and Lieutenants Weirick and Fish the other, received several contraband messages of considerable importance, which were transmitted with promptness to Major-Generals McPherson and Logan. June 15, occupied the same stations; received several contraband messages, all of which were transmitted to the generals. Lieutenant Weirick directed the firing of the First Minnesota Battery, Captain Clayton, by the aid of his glass, which resulted in blowing up a caisson and knocking off one wheel of a gun. June 16., occupied same stations and gave important information to the generals. June 17, Lieutenant Edge noticed the enemy making move-

