
the mountain. Lieutenant Edge, in company with three companies of General Garrard's division of cavalry, proceeded to Stone Mountain Station, but was driven back to the main army by the enemy. July 29, the detachment moved toward Decatur with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of General Logan, Lieutenant Edge, in company with the escort of General Logan, moving in front. Finding a position from which he could see the enemy's forces, he reconnoitered the enemy for some time and saw them evacuating, of which he informed the general commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, after which the corps moved up near Decatur, and the general and his escort rode into town. July 20, the detachment moved toward Atlanta, by order of General Logan, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, and found the enemy in force. Lieutenant Edge reconnoitered their lines and gave some important information to the commanding generals during the day. July 21, the enemy's lines being driven back by our forces, Lieutenant Edge established a station of observation on a tall pine close to our main line. From this station he could see nearly all of the city of Atlanta, the rebel lines, and most of our own works. Lieutenant Allen, in company with Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer, built another station on another tree. From these stations the generals received considerable information during the day. July 22, Lieutenant Edge took his position in large pine, Lieutenant Fish in station established by Captain O. H. Howard and Lieutenant Allen. Lieutenant Allen reported to Major-Generals McPherson and Logan the movements of the enemy. At 11 a.m. he reported additional movements of an alarming nature. At 12.30 p.m. the enemy made an attack on our left wing. At 12.45 p.m. General McPherson accompanied by Captain O. H. Howard and Lieutenant W. W. Allen, of this detachment, with other officers and men, were fired upon by the enemy, resulting in the death of the general and the wounding of Lieutenant Allen, caused by the jumping of his horse against a tree, fracturing his ankle. Soon after this accident Lieutenant Edge saw the rebels massing in front of Fifteenth Corps, and reported the fact to Major-General Logan, and Brigadier General M. L. Smith. The enemy charged, driving our men back some distance, which forced Lieutenant Edge to abandon his station. Our troops rallied, drove the enemy back, and the station was reoccupied. These stations were kept up until Decatur, in company with the escort of General Logan, to reconnoiter and open communication, if possible, with the front, but failed in doing so. July 26 at dark the detachment moved with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of the commanding general, from the left to the right of the grand army. July 27, reconnoitered the enemy's lines, gave information to the commanding generals. July 28, Lieutenant Weirick saw from an observation station columns of rebel infantry moving to our right, apparently to make an attack. He informed General Logan of the fact, which proved afterward to be correct. This information gave the Fifteenth Army Corps timely notice of the approach of the enemy, and the result of the engagement is well known. July 29-31, the officers of this detachment did nothing but reconnoiter the enemy's position.

August 1, Lieutenant Edge proceeded to a 20-pounder battery, by order of Captain O. H. Howard, to direct the firing of their guns on the city. August 2, Lieutenant Edge proceeded to the front and built a station of observation on a tree, from which he could see the

