
most of the city of Atlanta, a great portion of the enemy's works, the Macon railroad, and portions of our own lines. This station was kept up until the 26th of August, and was occupied most of the time by First Lieutenant C. H. Fish. From him the generals received a great deal of the most important information. Lieutenant Edge proceeded to this station every day and made a general reconnaissance of the enemy's works, which was all promptly reported to Major-Generals Howard and Logan. Lieutenant Weirick proceeded each day to the front and reported the result of his observations to the commanding generals. Lieutenants Worley and Allen proceeded to Allatoona Mountain, by order of General Sherman, August 19, to establish a signal station to communicate with Kenesaw and headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, where they are still on duty, Lieutenant Allen's wound having healed up, so that he was able for duty. August 26, at dark the detachment moved, by order of General Logan, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, toward Jonesborough. August 28, arrived at the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad. Lieutenant Edge made some reconnaissance from the top of a tree; saw two brigades of enemy moving toward us, and informed Major-Generals Howard and Logan of the same. Toward evening the same force retreated toward Jonesborough. August 30, moved again with Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of General Logan, toward Jonesborough, when the army encountered the enemy and went into position across Flint River. August 31, Lieutenants Edge and Fish, with their men, established a station of observation in a tall pine free, from where they had a good view of Jonesborough, the enemy's lines, and Macon railroad. From this station of observation the generals received considerable information during the battles of August 31 and September 1.
September 2, finding the enemy had evacuated, the army all moved into Jonesborough, the officers of this detachment keeping in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and found the enemy strongly fortified near Lovejoy's, Ga., which brought us to a halt. Lieutenant Fish immediately established a station of observation on cotton-press, from which could be seen the enemy in large numbers, all of which was reported to Major-Generals Howard and Logan. Occupied this station three days, giving all possible information to the commanding generals. September 5, in the evening the detachment moved, with the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of the commanding general, to the present position, and went into camp, the campaign having ended.

First Lieutenant John H. Frerichs was relieved from duty with the detachment July 8, 1864, by order of the Secretary of War.

The most of the stations mentioned in this report were under fire and nearly half of them in the most dangerous positions, from which officers and men were liable to be shot down at any moment. Those stations most dangerous have been occupied equally by the officers and men of this detachment all of whom have shown the greatest coolness and bravery. The detachment consists at the present time of five commissioned officers and thirty-four enlisted men, all but two enlisted men able for duty.

Hoping this report will prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant, Sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

and Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Detachment.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

