
to Camp Creek, which winds around the base of the hills occupied by us. The Third Brigade was placed, in reserve in the open field at the western slope of the hills mentioned. Our artillery opened with vigor and precision, and the consternation in the doomed town became the objective point of fire of our long-range guns, and the Fourth Ohio Battery succeeded in landing several shots into the trains. At the eastern extremity of the gap, now occupied by our artillery and infantry, the Resaca road crosses Camp Creek by a bridge. A belt of timber, very dense, swarmed with rebel sharpshooters, who kept up a very well-directed fire, against which our skirmishers were hardly able to make headway, as they were compelled to expose themselves in an open field, while the thicket in front screened the rebel marksmen. Night setting in, artillery and musketry fire both ceased. The skirmishers of the First and Second Brigade, who had been under fire all day, were relieved by the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, of the Third Brigade, and the whole command bivouacked in the position gained by the day's engagement. During the night of the 13th all hands were kept busy intrenching our lines. Rifle-pits for the infantry and sharpshooters and breast-works for the artillery were constructed, so that the fire which the enemy opened early on the 14th was returned with great advantage. The enemy's sharpshooters were compelled by the shell and case-shot from our 12-pounder guns and howitzers to abandon their shelter in front of the brigade. In consequence of the heavy firing heard at the north, where our columns were pressing Johnston's retreating army, your ordered me to make a demonstration along the whole line, opening with all the guns, by way of a feint attack. I availed myself of this opportunity to gain possession of the timber and underbrush in front of the bridge so hotly contested by the rebels. The Seventeenth and Thirty-second Regiments Missouri Infantry, deployed as skirmishers advanced, wading the creek, in front of the First and Second Brigades, and supported by a second line of skirmishers, advanced wading the creek, in front of the First and Second Brigades and supported by a second line of skirmishers from these brigades. I then ordered Colonel Wangelin to throw the Twelfth Regiment Missouri Infantry of his (Third) brigade across the bridge, and occupy the ground described. Lieutenant Colonel J. Kaercher executed this order in splendid style, cleared and held the timber and all the ground in our immediate front and in front of the troops on my right, thus forming, with his regiment a point- d'appui for our line of skirmishers, which was now fairly established beyond the creek. The intensity of the cannonading to the northward rendered a more decided diversion necessary to prevent the rebels from re-enforcing their lines north. I received the major-general's order to assault an eminence, on the east side of the creek and in front of the left wing of Second Division, with one brigade, which was to co-operate with a brigade from the Second Division. I detailed Brigadier General C. R. Woods to take charge of the assaulting column which consisted originally of the Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, and Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, from First Brigade and Third Missouri Infantry from Third Brigade. At 5.30 p.m. all preparations were completed, General Woods' column and that of the Second Division were drawn up in two lines, our artillery ceased firing, and this brilliant column of brave men rushed across the open field with cheers and flying

