
which the enemy constantly kept up from his batteries, as well as musketry fire from rifle-pits on the slope of the mountain, while these lines were being established, I built two casemated batteries for my rifled guns (two 3-inch Rodman and two 20-pounder Parrotts). Early on the morning of June 23 I opened fire from these batteries, and with such precision that the mountain batteries were not only silenced whenever they opened, but were entirely withdrawn on June 25. During the night of the 26th I was ordered to relieve General Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps (some three miles to the right of my position). This change was preparatory to an assault to be made next day by the troops of Second and Fourth Divisions at 8 a.m. My skirmishers preceded the assaulting column and drove the enemy's advanced line back on his main works. The assault on these was repulsed, although the ground first gained was held and secured.

All subsequent operations in our front were limited to artillery practice and sharpshooting from June 27 to the morning of July 3. During this time, however decisive movements were being executed on the extreme right of General Sherman's army, and advantages gained there compelled the enemy to give up the Kenesaw position and the town of Marietta, and retire to the right bank of the Chattahoochee River, where extensive and very strong works had been prepared. General Logan ordered me to march at once to Marietta, where I arrived at 9 a.m., and took a defensive position on the left of town. On the morning o the 4th of July we again took up the line of march for Chattahoochee River, by way of Cheney's house, toward Turner's Ferry.

On July 6 I was ordered to relieve troops of Twentieth Army Corps in front of the rebel works on Nickajack Creek. Only occasional picket-firing disturbed the quietude of this position, which we held until the morning of July 10, when the enemy was found to have disappeared from our front. We remained, however, on Nickajack Creek until 5 p.m. on July 12, when the whole army corps left, via Marietta for Roswell Factory the extreme left of the grand army. We arrived at this place on the 14th of July, and crossing Chattahoochee River, threw up and occupied defensive works on the left bank of that stream.

My health and been for several weeks so much impaired that during this last movement I had to rely on the assistance of Brigadier General C. R. Woods, and finally, on July 17, to avail myself of a sick leave, which had been granted me some time previous, but which I did not at the time make use of, as I still entertained some hopes of being able to see the campaign to its close. Renewed attacks of an old complaint compelled me, however, to leave at the date mentioned, and I beg leave to refer you to the reports of Brigadier General C. R. Woods, who commanded the division during my absence, for all the operations which occurred until the date of my return to the army. To-morrow I hope to be able to forward my report from the time I reassumed command until date.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS

Major-General Vols., Commanding First Div., 15th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

