
Infantry, who were ordered to occupy that portion of this connecting line where as yet no breast-works had been thrown up; they whirled in and held the place most gallantly. The effect of our fire was immediate and terrible; the enemy's line, compact until now, broke and dispersed in all directions. A number came over into our lines; the masses, however, fell back into the timber on their right and rear to find protection from our fire. The enemy formed again several times under cover of this time, and attacked again, though very feebly, showing their first repulse to have been a very severe and decided one. The Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry (Second Brigade) which was afterward thrown forward in advance of the Fourth Iowa, completely secured our right, and permitted us to finish our intrenchments, the enemy slowly retiring before our skirmishers. I take great pleasure in mentioning those officers who came under my special notice during the sudden and decisive movements of the day. Colonels Wangelin and Williamson, whose men were mostly engaged, displayed the same promptness, zeal, and bravery which they exhibited on so many occasions during the past months. Captain Anderson, acting assistant adjutant-general of Colonel Williamson was wounded while bearing orders. Lieutenant Haug, Fourth Ohio Battery, Captain Bowman, Ninth Iowa Infantry, and Lieutenant Eicks, Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, deserve praise for their faithful obedience to orders under most trying circumstances. Lieutenant H. E. Williams commanding pioneer corps, was wounded, I fear mortally while assisting me, with his wonted contempt of danger, in bringing off Lieutenant Haug's guns. During the following night and on the morning of September 1 we strengthened our lines as well as possible, keeping up a lively fire from our skirmish line, which we pushed forward vigorously. Lieutenant Hust's section of 12-pounder light Napoleon guns was relieved by four pieces of Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, in the center of the refused line and placed in position on Colonel Wangelin's front. The section had just been placed in position, and had hardly opened fire, when Lieutenant Hust was killed by a rebel sharpshooter. He was a brave and in every respect [an] exemplary officer. In the afternoon I received your orders to make a spirited demonstration in my front, to prevent the enemy from re-enforcing his right, which was threatened by our troops advancing along the railroad from Rough and Ready, the impression made on the rebels becoming more and more visible as the firing approached from the north. My skirmish line was re-enforced and pushed forward gallantly, while the shells from the artillery kept the rebels close behind their works. At about 4 p.m. I ordered Colonel Wangelin to follow the skirmishers with a strong reserve. Colonel Gage, of the Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, was the first man over rifle-pits; Lieutenant-Colonel Simpson, of the Thirty-first Missouri, and Major Seay, of the Thirty-second Missouri, followed, and with their regiments, altogether under 200 men, advanced on the rebels, drove them from their advanced pits, and established a new line far in advance of our old skirmish line, and in close proximity to the rebels. Before night all guns which could be brought to bear on the place opened fire, by direction of the commanding general, as it was supposed the rebels were about to leave the town, which was being rapidly inclosed by our troops. During the night the rebels did evacuate Jonesborough. At 3 a.m. my men were in town, and had evidence of the terrible

