
28th, Colonel Hugo Wangelin, Lieutenant-Colonel Kaercher, commanding Twelfth Missouri [sic], commanding combined battalions of Seventeenth and Twenty-ninth Missouri; Colonel Theodore Meumann, commanding Third Missouri, and Captain G. Froehlich, commanding Fourth Ohio Battery.

To the members of my staff, Major Landgraeber, chief of artillery; Captain W. A. Gordon, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant C. M. Marriott, aide-de-camp, and the personal staff of Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus, Captain C. Andel, Lieutenant W. Henley, and Captain A. A. Perkins, acting assistant inspector-general, I am under many obligations for the energetic and efficient services rendered.

I have already forwarded lists of casualties, amounting to-

Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.

Date.	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Off	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Aggre

 ice	 	 ice	 	 ice	 	 cers	 	 gate

 rs	 	 rs	 	 rs

July 22,	 1	 9	 4	 60	 1	 2	 6	 71	 77

1864

July 28,	 -	 1	 9	 54	 -	 1	 9	 56	 65

1864

Total	 1	 10	 13	 114	 1	 3	 15	 127	 142

I inclose reports of my subordinate commanders, and remain your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 452

Reports of Brigadier General Charles R. Woods, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 13-June 8.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the approach and attack on Resaca, Ga.:

The brigade-consisting of the Twenty-sixth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Milo Smith commanding; Thirtieth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel A. Roberts commanding; Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Thomas Curly commanding; Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel W. B. Woods commanding- left their camp near Sugar Valley Post-Office on the morning of the 13th instant, having the advance of the division. Having arrived at a cross-road, about two miles from Resaca, line of battle was formed, this brigade on the right of the division. At about 1 p.m. it moved forward to attack, preceded by a heavy line of skirmishers. After advancing about 600 yards, the skirmish line met the skirmishers of the enemy and drove them back some distance to a ridge of hills near their supports, consisting of two or more regiments and two pieces of artillery, advantageously posted to sweep the road in front. In the course of half an hour the enemy's skirmishers were dislodged and driven, with their supports, into the valley in front of the enemy's works near the town. This brigade, together with the remainder of the division, moved forward and took

