
possession of a range of hills overlooking the enemy's works, and distant about 1,200 yards. This position was occupied during the remainder of the day and night and until 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 14th. Our skirmishers were during this time constantly engaged with those of the enemy.

About 4 p.m. of the 14th I was ordered to place my brigade in position in the valley to take a range of hills on the right and front occupied by the rebels. The Twenty-sixth Iowa Volunteers,being then in front and engaged as skirmishers, not being available, the Third Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Theodore Meumann commanding, was sent me in their stead. I formed my brigade in two lines, the Thirtieth Iowa and the Twenty-seventh Missouri forming the first line, and the Seventy-sixth Ohio and the Third Missouri forming the second line. Brigadier General A. Smith of the Second Division Fifteenth Army Corps, with three regiments, made the attack to my right at the same time. At about ten minutes before 6 p.m. the advance was sounded, and the lines moved across the field at double-quick time in gallant style. The field was full of logs and briers, and a muddy slough was to be waded at the very start, but these obstacles were quickly overcome. The hills were gained in a remarkably quick time, the first line passing the first range and driving the enemy from a second about fifty yards in front. The Third Missouri, although in the second line, passed forward to the second range of hills taking position in the first line. The Seventy-sixth Ohio was formed as a reserve in rear of the first range. Five companies were immediately thrown forward to occupy the first ridge, the other five being kept for the purpose of strengthening the lines wherever needed. As soon as the enemy was driven back, a heavy fire from the rebel batteries was opened from the front and left flank, the shells bursting almost in the ranks. This cannonading lasted about half an hour and was remarkable for its precision. Fortunately very little damage was done, and the men maintained their position. But few men were lost in this charge,owing mainly to the fact that the lines were preceded to the front and left by the Twelfth Missouri Infantry as skirmishers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Jacob Kaercher, who moved his lines to the crest in gallant style. After the enemy's firing ceased, the lines were placed in the most advantageous positions, and everything prepared as well as possible to resist any attempt of the enemy to dislodge us. But as the lines were very thin, and having disposed of all the reserve force except the five companies of the Seventy-sixth Ohio, and having learned from General G. A. Smith, that his entire right was exposed and liable to be turned, I sent to General Logan, by his aide, Captain [Lieutenant] Moore, who came to inquire our progress, for four regiments to be placed on the extreme right, and for two regiments to strengthen my lines and act as a reserve. The brigade of Brigadier-General Lightburn was sent immediately to the right of General Smith, and occupied the ground. About 8 p.m. the enemy advanced in strong force, supposed to be a division and a half for the purpose of dislodging our line. He was met with a withering fire. His artillery opened at the same time and poured in a most terrific fire of case-shot and shell, sweeping the crest of the ridge occupied by our troops, but the men remained from. The enemy advanced to the crest of the hill occupied by the Thirtieth Iowa, and the firing was continued for some time at a distance not to exceed thirty yards, but owing to the nature of the ground both parties fired too high. But little

