
I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of the officers and men under my command. They all did their duty nobly, and deserve the highest praise. The following-named officers deserve special mention for gallantry, viz, Lieutenant Colonel A. Roberts, Thirtieth Iowa; Colonel W. B. Woods and Major Edward Briggs, Seventy-sixth Ohio; Colonel Thomas Curly, Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, all of the First Brigade, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps; also Colonel Theodore Meumann, commanding Third Missouri Volunteers and Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Gage, commanding battalion Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Missouri Volunteers, of the Third Brigade, First Division Fifteenth Army Corps. Colonel Montgomery, of the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, Sixteenth Army Corps, rendered timely and efficient service, and deserves great credit.

To the members of my staff-Captain Charles H. Kibler, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant F. Critz, Thirtieth Iowa, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. M. Marriott, Seventy-sixth Ohio, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant William E. Ware, Twenty-seventh Missouri, acting assistant inspector-general-my warmest thanks are due for the faithful and fearless manner in which they carried out all orders.

I am, captain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General First Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Kingston, Ga., May 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I take great pleasure in speaking in the highest terms of the conduct and gallantry of Colonel Montgomery and his regiment, the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, during the time they were under my command at Resaca, on the 14th and 15th instant. The arrival of Colonel Montgomery with the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, and five companies of the Thirty-fifth New Jersey, was opportune, as one of my regiments, the Thirtieth Iowa, was hard pressed and their ammunition expended. I sent Colonel Montgomery forward with his regiment to relieve the Thirtieth Iowa. This was done in admirable style; his regiment standing up bravely to their work, and holding the crest of the hill until the enemy retired. They afterward worked faithfully on the rifle-pits until they were completed. At the time the five companies of the Thirty-fifth New Jersey reported I was obliged to send them to General G. A. Smith, on my right, who was also hard pressed. General Smith wished me to speak most approving of the conduct of the portion of this regiment sent to him.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE, Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Acworth, Ga., June 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following report of the action of my brigade during the late operations near Dallas, Ga.:

The brigade consisted of the following regiments, viz: Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, Colonel Milo Smith commanding, about 200 strong:

