
advancing and retreating ranks of the enemy, and contributing much toward his repulse. The troops all behaved during this assault with the greatest gallantry. This charge and repulse did not occupy more than half a hour, at which time our skirmishers were again pushed out. They captured in front of the two brigades about 15 of the enemy. Fifteen others, mortally wounded, were brought in. The dead, in considerable numbers, lay in front. The enemy captured were of the First Kentucky Brigade, of Bate's division, of Hardee's corps. About the time the enemy retired Brigadier-General Osterhaus returned from the right, and I returned to my brigade. The loss in my brigade was very small, as shown by the list inclosed. Toward dark the Twenty-sixth Iowa was sent to relieve the space occupied by the latter regiment. A renewal of the attack during the night having been apprehended, everything was made ready to meet it. It was not made.

During the next day (the 29th) the Twenty-seventh Missouri and Thirtieth Iowa Volunteers occupied the front line, relieving the Twenty-sixth Iowa and Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers. To render our position more secure, a second line of rifle-pits had been constructed about seventy-five yards in rear of the front line. During the night the enemy again approached in some force on the right of General Dodge's line. A very continuous firing was kept up for some time, extending toward the right. As soon as possible, perceiving that the enemy did not return the fire, I caused the firing in my front to cease. One man of the pickets of the Twenty-sixth Iowa Volunteers was wounded - mortally, I fear-by our own fire, and 1 man of the Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers pickets was missing.

During the attack on the 28th I occupied a point where I could see the whole line held by the two brigades. Not a man or officer flinched, and the close the enemy came the more firm the line appeared to stand. I must mention as conspicuous in bravery during the attack Colonel Hugo Wangelin, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel William B. Woods commanding the Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers which regiment occupied the entire front line of the First Brigade.

The members of my staff-Captain Charles H. Kibler, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants F. Critz and C. M. Marriott, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant William E. Ware, acting assistant inspector-general--behaved as they have always done-in the most gallant style.

It was expected that on the night of the 29th our troops would be withdrawn from that part of the line. The attack and alarm probable delayed the movement. The same position was occupied on the 30th and 31st.

On the morning of the 1st of June this brigade was withdrawn in good order to the left, encamping in the vicinity of New Hope Church.

I append a list of casualties in my brigade between the morning of the 27th of May and June 1, 1864.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 1 man missing; total 11.

---------------

