HDQRS. FIRST. Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith the following report of the operations of this brigade from August 23, the date of my assuming command, until the fall of Atlanta, September 2:

On the 23rd of August the brigade-consisting of the Seventy-sixth Ohio Veteran Infantry, Colonel William B. Woods commanding; Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Ferreby commanding; Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Aurelius Roberts commanding; Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, Colonel Thomas Curly commanding-was in position in the front line of works about Atlanta as occupied by this division, connecting on the right and left respectively, with the Fourteenth Army Corps and the Second Division, Fifteenth Corps, and remained so located until the night of the 26th, when, in obedience to orders from Major-General Osterhaus, commanding division, the line of works was abandoned. The brigade moved out at 8 p.m. without any loss, and at once took up the line of march for Utoy Creek. Halting toward daylight, the march was resumed at 7 o'clock the morning of the 27th, and at 4 o'clock that evening my brigade took position on the south side of the Montgomery railroad, near Shadna Church, and at once began the erection of works such as before dark made my position safe and tenable. The 28th was spent in completing the destruction of the West Point road; the regiment so engaged, the Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, thoroughly performing the duty assigned it by burning the ties and so bending the iron as to make it wholly valueless. The morning of the 29th I started, together with the remainder of the division, marching toward Jonesborough, on the Macon railroad. Crossing the Flint River a mile and a half from Jonesborough of a mile of the town and went into position in the second line on the left of the main Jonesborough road, my right resting on the same and connecting with the Second Brigade of this division, my left extending to the edge of the open field in rear of the left of Second Division, Fifteenth Corps. The following morning (the 30th) I at once erected a substantial line of works on the line as selected, making my position in every respect secure. During the morning, by the order of the major-general commanding division, two of my regiments, the Seventy-sixth Ohio and Twenty-sixth Iowa, were detached from my command, with orders to report to General Hazen, commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Corps. I herewith inclose the report of Colonel Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio, the senior officer, of the part taken by the regiments while so detached. The afternoon of the 31st, from the enemy's demonstrations, it became evident he would attack our lines, and during the fighting that soon followed my remaining two regiments were held in reserve.

That night I was ordered to complete the connection of our lines with the Sixteenth Corps, which work was well done by the Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, and on the following day (September 1) I was again ordered to complete a gap that existed in our works, which object was satisfactorily accomplished by the Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry. The morning of September 2, it being found that the enemy had abandoned his works around Jonesborough, my brigade (the two regiments hitherto detached having reported) joined the division in the pursuit toward Lovejoy's Station. Find-

