
ing the enemy behind his fortifications, under the direction of the major-general commanding division I at once deployed my brigade, moved forward to a ridge of land about 800 yards from the enemy's main line of works, and connecting my lines on the right with the Second Brigade, and on the left the railroad, with the Fourth Army Corps. I began throwing up works, night already approaching and made my position secure. My command still occupies this position.

It is but justice to the officers and men of this brigade to state that under all circumstances have they shown themselves willing and ready to endure the labor and hardship required of them, and always prompt to do their whole duty before the enemy.

I append herewith a list of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

MILO SMITH,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, for June and July, 1864.+

June 1. - This brigade was encamped near New Hope Church, Ga., and remained there until the enemy evacuated that position.

June 6. - Moved to the neighborhood of Acworth, Ga.

June 10. - Moved in front of the enemy's first position near Kenesaw Mountain, where, and in front of his second position, it has remained, intrenching, skirmishing, &amp;c.

The following officers have been wounded; June 15, Captain William Dixon, Company D, Thirtieth Iowa, near Kenesaw; June 16, Major John Lubbers, Twenty-sixth Iowa, near Kenesaw; June 24; First Lieutenant Frank Critz, Thirtieth Iowa, aide-de-camp, near Kenesaw.

July 1. - This brigade was encamped near Kenesaw Mountain.

July 3. - The enemy evacuating, the brigade moved into Marietta.

July 5. - Moved toward Nickajack Creek.

July 13. - Moved via Marietta to Roswell Factory.

July 14. - Crossed the Chattahoochee.

July 17. - Thence via Decatur to position in front of Atlanta, on main Atlanta and Decatur road, which it reached on the 19th.

July, 22.- Was engaged in the attack made by the enemy on our lines, with loss of 1 officer killed and 1 severely wounded.

July, 23. - Moved back on Decatur road.

July 24, - Destroyed railroad from Decatur to near Atlanta, some three miles.

July 26. - Moved to extreme right of line and now occupy reserve position some three miles west by south from Atlanta.

The following officers wounded: July 22, First Lieutenant Miles Arnold, Seventy-sixth Ohio, near Atlanta, Ga., July 28, First Lieutenant E. F. Byng, Company B, Twenty-sixth Iowa, and Captain P. H. Bence, Company F, Thirtieth Iowa, near Atlanta, Ga.

---------------

*Shows 3 officers and 47 men killed; 16 officers and 250 men wounded; 3 men missing; total, 319.

+From monthly returns.

---------------

