
No. 454.

Report of Colonel William B. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 31-September 2.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-SIXTH OHIO INFANTRY.

Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 31st of August I was ordered by Major-General Osterhaus, commanding the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, to take the Seventy-sixth Ohio and Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, of the First Brigade, under your command, and report with them to Brigadier-General Hazen, commanding the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. I immediately moved with the regiments designated to the left and reported to General Hazen. These regiments, the Seventy-sixth Ohio, commanded by Major E. Briggs, and the Twenty-sixth Iowa, commanded by Captain J. G. Crozer, rendered valuable assistance in repulsing the attack of the enemy on the 31st ultimo, and on the 1st instant pressed the flanks of the enemy with a strong line of skirmishers, while attacked in front by the Fourteenth Corps. On the morning of the 2nd instant, by command of Major-General Logan, I reported to you with my command.

During the operations of these two days both officers and men acted with alacrity, zeal, and courage, and deserve commendation.

I append a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. B. WOODS,

Colonel Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Colonel MILO SMITH,

Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 455.

Reports of Colonel James A. Williamson, Fourth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the Second Brigade in the battle of Resaca:

This brigade is composed of the Fourth, Ninth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-first Iowa Infantry Regiments, commanded, respectively, by Major Nichols, Colonel Carskaddon, Colonel Stone, and Colonel Smyth.

About 10 o'clock on the 13th instant the brigade was ordered into line of battle immediately on the left of the First Brigade, where it remained for two or three hours, when I received orders to move my brigade forward, which I did, taking the direction and keeping the alignment of the First Brigade until I arrived near the fortified hill from where the enemy kept up a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. At this point I halted, keeping my right aligned with the

---------------

*Shows 4 men killed and 8 men wounded.

---------------

