
First Brigade, and advancing my left wing, so as to bring them under cover, where I remained until the enemy fell back, when I advanced, with the First Brigade on my right, and took possession of the hill immediately in front of the enemy's fortifications, where I remained, skirmishing until a late hour at night. On the morning of the 14th commenced skirmishing at daylight, and kept it up all day, suffering considerable loss. Late in the afternoon of the 14th I was ordered, by General Osterhaus, to send one regiment to support a battery which was engaging the enemy's fortifications. In obedience to this order, I sent the Twenty-fifth Iowa, Colonel Stone. A little later in the evening I was ordered to send a regiment to support the First Brigade, which was assaulting the enemy's lien on my right, and, in obedience thereto, sent the Twenty-fifth Iowa, and moved the Fourth into position to support the battery. I remained in line of battle during the night of the 14th, skirmishing until a late hour, and again resumed the skirmishing at daylight on the 15th, and continued it through the day and until late at night. At daylight on the 16th I received an order from General Osterhaus to advance into the town of Resaca, the enemy having evacuated it during the night.

I have only to say, in conclusion, that there was neither straggling nor cowardice in my command. All were anxious to do their duty. I herewith inclose list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. WILLIAMSON,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Lovejoy's Station, September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Field Orders, No. 117, department headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade during the campaign commencing May 3, ending with the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., September 2, 1864:

The brigade consists of the Fourth, Ninth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-first Regiments Iowa Infantry, commanded respectively, at the commencement of the campaign, by Lieutenant Colonel S. D. Nichols, Colonel David Carskaddon, Colonel George A. Stone, and Colonel William Smyth.

May 3, 1864, the Ninth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-first marched from Bellefonte to Stevenson. May 4, marched to Bridgeport, where the Fourth Iowa, on return from veteran furlough, joined the brigade, and continued the march to Shellmound. May 5, 6, 7, and 8, the march was continued, via Chattanooga, Gordon's Mills (on Chickamauga Creek), Gordon's Gap, to Snake Creek Gap. May 9, left camp early; marched to a point near Resaca, and then marched back again. May 10, in line of battle all day and night. May 11, built breast-works. May 12, moved out of the breast-works, and formed line of battle; remained in line nearly all day, and then marched to Sugar Creek. May 13, marched early toward

---------------

*Shows 6 men killed, 3 officers and 34 men wounded; total, 43.

---------------

