
Resaca. Skirmishing commenced at about 10 o'clock. At 3 o'clock we moved forward in line of battle, and drove the enemy into his main line of works. May 14 and 15, the brigade was continually under fire. On the evening of the 15th the Twenty-fifth Iowa took part in the assaults made by Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Brigade. The loss was quite heavy in the affair at Resaca. May 16, entered the village of Resaca, detailed Twenty-fifth Iowa for provost guard, rested a short time, and resumed the march to Lay's Ferry, on Oostenaula River. May 17, 18, and 19, marched from Lay's Ferry to Kingston, via McGuire's, Woodland, and Adairsville. May 20, 21, 22, remained in camp near Kingston. May 23, marched from Kingston to Euharlee Creek, distance of more than twenty miles. On the 24th marched about twelve miles, encamped at Camp Gold Mine. May 25, marched about twelve miles and to a point about three miles south of Dallas; formed line of battle during heavy rain; lay under arms all night. May 26, moved at 11 a.m., with skirmishers in front, to a point three-quarters of a mile south of Dallas; formed line of battle, and sent out skirmishers, who very soon entered the town, after which we were ordered forward to a point about one mile east of Dallas; went into camp, but did not remain many minutes until I was ordered to move forward to a point about one mile east of Dallas; went into camp, but did not remain many minutes until I was ordered to move forward, which I did, and formed line of battle on the left of General Giles A. Smith's brigade, of the Second Division, Fifteenth Corps. The line of battle, when formed, was from right to left, in the following order, viz: Twenty-fifth, Fourth, Thirty-first, and six companies of the Ninth Iowa Regiments, this being the order in which the brigade marched that day, and there being no time for forming the line in accordance with the rank of regimental commanders accounts for this formation of the line. As each regiment came into line I immediately sent skirmishers forward, covering the front. These skirmishers always found the enemy only a short distance in front, where a heavy skirmish fire was kept nearly all the night. Just before dark, after reconnoitering the ground in person, I deemed it advisable to advance the Thirty-first and Ninth Regiments to the crest of the high hill, upon the side of which they were originally formed. This movement was approved by the general commanding the division, who came up just at the time the movement was completed. Prior to this there had been quite a heavy fire from the front, and the pickets and the sharpshooters of the division, under command of Lieutenant Williams, could only advance a short distance. It was now nearly, or quite, dark, and under cover of the darkness I hoped to be able to post a strong picket, or skirmish line, far enough in advance to render my line secure from surprise; and, in addition, gave strict orders for no man to leave the line, and that all should keep their arms in their hands. As soon as it was quite dark the attempt was made to advance the pickets, or, rather, a strong line of skirmishers. In doing this, and before they had been advanced far enough to prevent the line from sudden attack, a fire was opened from the enemy, which seemed to come from a line of battle, instead of a line of skirmishers. About 400 yards to the left of my line, and some distance to the rear, there was a hill, in an open field, which I thought it important to hold, and was so advised by orders from the general commanding the division. To do this required at least two companies, which I took from the Ninth Iowa Infantry. I should here state that before it was dark one company

