
any other troops, and both flanks exposed, I ordered it to fall back and connect with the left of Second Division, which had in the mean time refused the left of the position held on the evening of the 26th. Very soon after this I was relieved by the First Brigade, and ordered to occupy the position the Third Brigade had just left. Three days' subsequent fighting developed the fact that the enemy's strongest point was in front of the place where my left rested on the night of the 26th and morning of the 27th. After being relieved by the First Brigade, as above stated, the brigade remained in camp, somewhat exposed to the enemy's fire, until about 5 p.m. on the 28th, when the enemy made a vigorous assault on General Harrow's division on our right, when I was ordered to re-enforce him. My command fell in and double-quicked to his support, and took position on his right. How well, and in what time the movement was executed, I respectfully ask the general commanding to state for me. During the night of the 28th my command built a complete line of works. May 29, remained in works and building new works. Heavy firing on the skirmish line. Soon after dark my command was ordered to leave the works, with as little noise as possible, and take a position across the main road, so as to cover the rear of the remainder of the corps, which was to move out. About the time this movement was executed, and the Fourth Division commenced to withdraw, the enemy assaulted our lines, and the firing became terrific. In obedience to orders, I sent two regiments (the Ninth and Twenty-fifth) back to the original position, and remained until daylight with the other two regiments, and then went with them back to the works on the right of the Fourth Division. May 30, remained in the works, keeping skirmishers active during the day. May 31, remained in the works; skirmishers active. Late in the evening the enemy severely shelled every portion of my line. An attack was apprehended on the right, and preparations made to meet it.

June 1, at daylight, my brigade was ordered out of the works to another line a mile in the rear, which had been constructed to cover the withdrawal of the corps. When the corps had passed, my command acted as rear-guard on the march to New Hope Church, the enemy following us very close as far back as Dallas. June 2 and 3, remained in camp near New Hope Church. June 4, relieved General Kimball's brigade, near New Hope Church. Enemy left during the night. June 5, marched toward Acworth. June 6, arrived at Acworth. June 7, 8, and 9, remained in camp near Acworth. June 10, marched toward Kenesaw Mountain; camped at Big Shanty. June 11, received orders to reconnoiter in force with the remainder of the division; went forward and took position in reserve in front of Kenesaw Mountain. June 12, remained in camp doing but little. June 13, relieved Third Brigade. June 14, in camp through the day and built an advance line of works at night. June 15, at 2 o'clock I advanced my skirmish line with the skirmishers of the First and Third Brigades, and drove the rebels from the advance line of works; occupied a new line and built works during the night. June 16, 17, and 18, remained on the advance line skirmishing all the time. The enemy left the works on the night of the 18th. June 19, moved forward to the main line of rebel works. June 20, moved to the right of the Second Division, near the railroad, and built a line of works for the whole brigade. June 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25, remained in the position taken on the 20th,

