
and during all the time labored to advance my skirmish line. June 26, received orders to march at 6 p.m.; marched a few miles to the right and relieved a brigade of the Fourth Corps. June 27, was notified that the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, would assault the enemy's line in my front at 8 a.m. In obedience to orders I sent 150 men,under command of Captain Daniel E. Cooper, Fourth Iowa, brigade officer of the day, to clear the rifle-pits on the right flank of the assaulting column; though exposed to terrible fire, Captain Cooper and his men performed their part in the most gallant manner, carrying the pits by assault, using the bayonet freely.

From June 28 to July 2, inclusive, the brigade remained in this line of works, skirmishing all the time and suffering considerable loss. July 3, the enemy evacuated the works on the night of the 2d; marched to Marietta and camped east of the town. July 4, marched at 9 a.m. toward the right of our army; marched twelve miles and encamped. July 5, 6, and 7, changing position by short marches. July 8, took position in front line and built breast-works for the entire command. July 9, 10, and 11, remained in this line. On the night of the 10th the enemy evacuated their works in our front. July 12, 13, and 14, marching from the right of the army on the Chattahoochee River to the left of it at Roswell, where I crossed during the night of the 14th. July 15 and 16, remained in camp. July 17, marched at 5.30 a.m. toward Atlanta. July 18, marched to Henderson's Mill. July 19, marched to Decatur. July 20, marched near Atlanta and built a line of works. July 21, advanced our line and built another line of works. On the 22d, about 8 a.m., in accordance with orders, my command moved out of a line of works which it had constructed on the night of the 21st, going in a westerly direction about three-quarters of a mile, to a line of works which the rebels had abandoned the night of the 21st. The brigade had but three regiments present, viz, the Fourth, Ninth, and Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry Regiments. I sent skirmishers to the front to join the skirmishers who had been sent out the day previous, making in all 150 men, besides officers, on the skirmish line. I also sent 100 men, besides officers, for fatigue duty, to assist in erecting a battery to my left. With the remainder of my command, the Fourth and Ninth in front and Twenty-fifth in reserve, I commenced transforming the rebel line of works into a line for the defense of my command. The transformation consisted in removing the embankment and abatis to the opposite side of the ditch. This work was soon accomplished, the command remaining close to their arms after the work was done. About 2 o'clock the action commenced on our immediate left, the rebels attacking the Second and Fourth Divisions of the Fifteenth Corps. When the action had lasted half an hour, or perhaps longer, the rebels carried the works in front of the Second Division, capturing Captain De Gress' battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns. In accordance with orders of the general commanding the division, I changed the front of my line, letting my right rest where it was, and swinging my left back, connecting my left with the right of the First Brigade of our division. I remained in line of battle for a short time awaiting the advance of the rebels, but they did not come. General Woods ordered me to advance in two lines and flank the work from which the rebels had driven our forces a short time before. I commenced the movement, the Fourth and Ninth in first and Twenty-fifth in second line, and very soon

