
came under a heavy fire, to which the command was exposed only for a short time, for it soon came under cover on the margin of a little stream. Here was a short delay in getting through a thick bramble. The line was soon formed on the opposite side of the stream when the command was given to go forward, which it did gallantly, flanking and carrying the work and recapturing De Gress' battery, all in the shortest possible time in which a work of this kind could be done. I left the Ninth in the works, sending the Fourth to the right to occupy a rebel battery which commanded the head of a ravine which led to our line in the only place where there was not a breast-work. The regiment had not more than formed before it was assaulted by a brigade of rebel infantry, under command of Colonel Baker, and a very stubborn fight ensued. The regiment nobly held the position, and finally repulsed the assault, inflicting great loss on the rebels in killed, wounded, and prisoners. The Thirty-seventh Alabama (rebel) was, according to the statement made by prisoners, nearly annihilated in this engagement. The honor of recapturing De Gress' battery is due to the Fourth and Ninth Regiments, men of both regiments arriving there about the same time. After the last assault made by the rebels was repulsed, the command went to work changing the rebel works, and constructing new works, completing them against daylight, at which time I received orders to move to the left of the Sixteenth Corps, some two or three miles to the left of our position. Loss in this engagement was 36, 5 being killed, 2 missing, and 29 wounded, including Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, of the Fourth Iowa, who was slightly wounded in the thigh in the early part of the engagement. Soon after daylight on the 23rd we moved and took our new position. Sunday, the 24th, was spent in destroying the railroad near Decatur. Remained in camp on the 25th and until night of the 26th, when I received orders to move with the balance of the division, which I did, taking a position to cover the rear in a movement being then made to the extreme right of the army. On the 27th at daylight my brigade moved, covering the rear, and marched all day toward the right, arriving at a place about 10 p.m., where we bivouacked until daybreak, when I moved forward a short distance and went into line of battle in the center of the division. Here we halted a short time and then advanced in line of battle obliquely to the left, and wheeling to the left. After advancing in this manner for about one mile, or probably a little more, in obedience to orders I halted and formed line of battle in two lines, the Fourth and Twenty-fifth in front, and the Ninth in rear, in the reserve. As soon as the line was formed I ordered the construction of temporary breast-works, which the men willingly and hastily constructed. In about three-quarters of an hour after taking this position the rebels made an attack on our lines to my right. The rebel assaults were determined and fierce, lasting for nearly three hours, but during this time my command was but little engaged, as the rebel attack did not extend farther than to a point opposite my right flank. July 29, remained in camp and built breast-works. July 30, relieved by a brigade of the Seventeenth Corps and moved in a reserve position, and sent the Ninth Iowa to picket the extreme right. July 31, in camp.

August 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, in camp and doing picket duty. August 6, moved about one mile to the front and took a position on the left of the Fourteenth Corps, and built a line of works. August

