
7, men under arms all day. August 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, remained in same line; more than half the time under arms, in apprehension of an assault. August 13, my command took part in the assault made by the division on the enemy's skirmish line, making a complete success, capturing nearly the entire force in the pits. August 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18, remained in works, making demonstrations almost daily against the rebel works, losing some men each day. August 19, advanced my line to the front of First Brigade, Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Regiments occupying line, and digging intrenchments. August 20, making intrenchments. August 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25, occupying our works without much excitement or fighting. August 26, marched at dark toward the right of the army; marched all night and until 10 a.m. on the 27th. August 27, in camp. August 28, marched at 7 a.m., arriving at the Montgomery railroad about 11 a.m.; took position on each side of the railroad, Fourth and Twenty-fifth Iowa building a line of earth-works. August 29, in camp; Ninth and Thirty-first Regiments engaged in destroying railroad. August 30, marched to a point about one mile north of Jonesborough, and sent two regiments Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first, to support some cavalry on the right; cavalry went away as soon as the regiments came up. The other two regiments (Fourth and Ninth) went to the front. All the regiments built breast-works during the night. August 31, during the forenoon the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first were relieved by the Sixteenth Corps, and went into the front line and again built a substantial line of breast-works. The Fourth Iowa was also twice moved into new positions, and built works. About 10 o'clock I sent 100 men (50 from each of the Fourth and Ninth Regiments) to support a battery placed in an advanced position on the right. About 3 o'clock the rebels made an assault on our front line. The 100 men from the Fourth and Ninth did their duty in supporting the battery, and succeeded, under the immediate direction of the general commanding the division, in bringing the guns off from under a heavy fire from the enemy, who had nearly surrounded them. During the assault four companies of the Ninth Iowa, under Captain McSweeney, went forward and took a position in an interval between the right of the Fourth Division and the left of the Third Brigade, where there were no intrenchments, and while the battle continued succeeded in throwing up temporary works, which enabled them to hold the position. The enemy were repulsed with loss. During the night a regiment of the First Brigade (the Thirtieth Iowa) partially constructed a line of works on the right of the Twenty-fifth Iowa. On the morning of September 1 I relieved this regiment with the Twenty-fifth, which completed the works and occupied them.

September 1, lay in works all day. Heavy skirmishers in the afternoon. Two hundred men on skirmish line. Fourth Iowa took a new position detached from, and on the right of, the division, and built a good line of intrenchments. September 2, the enemy having left during the night, the brigade was ordered to march with division in pursuit. Marched about five miles, and former line of battle, and halted for a short time. A sharp engagement was soon brought on by the Fourth Division, and my brigade was ordered to the left of it. The Thirty-first took position in the front line, the other regiments in rear, and during the night all intrenched themselves behind good works. September 3, 4, and 5, occupied our works; constant skirmishing. In obedience to orders, I moved the brigade out

