
at 8 o'clock in the night of the 5th, and marched to Jonesborough with the division, and took the same position which I left on the 2nd instant.

So closes the record of this memorable campaign. I could not make it more brief and do justice to the regiments of the brigade. The vast amount of labor done by this command, in addition to the marching and fighting, and the cheerfulness and zeal with which it has been performed, is sufficient to encourage the best hopes for the success of our army. The troops have neither hesitated nor murmured at any privation or labor. To the officers and men I owe a debt of gratitude for their prompt and willing obedience to orders.

To my staff officers, Captains Anderson and Darling and Lieutenants Shields, Nuckolls, and Crane, I am greatly indebted for efficient services. Their bravery and competency will commend them to any officer under whom they may serve. I cannot close this report without mentioning in terms of praise my faithful orderly, George Simms.

The casualties in the brigade during the campaign have been 280.* A list of their names, regiments, and companies accompanies this report.

J. A. WILLIAMSON,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 15th Army Corps.

No. 456.

Report of Colonel William Smyth, Thirty-first Iowa Infantry, of operations May 23-June 6.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT IOWA INFTY. VOLS.,In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with a circular from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Department of the Tennessee, of this date, exhibited to me to-day, requiring me to forward, as soon as possible, to your headquarters a report detailing the part taken by my command in the engagements and skirmishes with the enemy since we left Kingston, Ga., with a list of the casualties, giving the names, company, and rank of the killed, wounded, and missing, and also the nature and extent of the wounds, with the dates respectively, I have the honor to report that after leaving Kingston, on the morning of Monday, May 23, we proceeded unmolested until May 26 in the forenoon, when, approaching the town of Dallas, Polk County, Ga., about three-quarters of a mile distant, I was ordered to form my command and take position in line of battle to the left of the Fourth Iowa Veteran Volunteers, which was done. In obedience to further orders, I threw forward Company B, as skirmishers, in advance, and so as to cover the regiment in line, a distance of 500 yards. Our skirmishers soon advanced as far as the town of Dallas, and, not finding the enemy, we were ordered to advance to an eminence overlooking a part of the town, where we were halted, arms stacked, and the men had an

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.113.

---------------

