
opportunity to prepare coffee. Soon after, and early in the afternoon of same day, we proceeded on the march toward Dallas, which, after some delay, occasioned by another column passing eastward through the town, we reached toward the west end, and, filing right, passed through the western end of the town on the main road, or street, and in a westward direction. After we had fairly passed through the town we filled left into a field and formed again in line in the rear of the Twenty-fifth Iowa, who were close up to the timber on the south side of the field, and stacked arms. Here we remained but a few minutes. A brisk skirmish going on in our front and to the south of our position and extending in a western direction, we were ordered forward, and, filling to the left, after moving a short distance, say quarter of a mile, along a road running in a perpendicular direction to the main road through Dallas, we again filed to the left into the timber and along a ravine immediately in the rear of our line of battle, which seemed to be formed with reference to it. The Twenty-fifth Iowa was in the advance of our brigade, next the Fourth Iowa Veteran Volunteers, then the Thirty-first Iowa, the Fourth Iowa formed on the left of the Twenty-fifth and the Thirty-first on the left of the Fourth. Our line, as thus extended, still seemed to be conformed with reference to the ravine, which was immediately in our rear. Whilst we were forming on the left of the Fourth, I threw forward Company A, temporarily under command of Lieutenant McQuilkin, of Company D, as skirmishers, in obedience to orders, so as to cover the regiment in line, who immediately advanced to the top of a ridge in our front and at once became engaged in a brisk skirmish with the enemy. I was then ordered to advance our line, which I did, under the immediate eye of the brigade commander, to near the crest of the ridge in our front, so that our line was just covered by the crest. In making this last advance, our division sharpshooters, under command of Lieutenant Williams, who were lying on the face of the ridge, moved forward and to the left out of our way. Soon after this our skirmishers sent in a prisoner, a private of a Texas regiment, I believe, if I remember right, the Sixth, formerly mounted. I immediately sent him, under guard, to brigade headquarters. He surrendered to Private Cane, of Company A, of my command, who was within a few feet of him at the time he gave himself up. In the dark of the evening, in further conformity to orders, I relieved our skirmishers by a picket of sixty men, under command of Captain Milo P. Smith, of Company C. In posting the pickets and relieving the skirmishers, owing to the fact that the sharpshooters and our skirmishers had got somewhat mixed and that the sharpshooters had been a short time previously withdrawn, one relief of our pickets coming into close proximity with the enemy's pickets, were fired upon by the latter, and 1 of our men, Harvey Lamb, a private of Company H, was wounded in both thighs, severely in the flesh of the left thigh, and the bone of the right thigh broken. His right leg has been amputated above the knee, and it is feared that his wounds will or have already proved mortal. About the same time that our skirmishers were being relieved by our pickets, Company K was detailed, under orders, and placed on the left of our brigade, under supervision of Captain G. D. Hilton, of Colonel Williamson's staff, under command of Lieutenant Bockins, and I was ordered to relieve the pickets before daylight on the morning of the 27th, also Company K by another company.

