
through Dallas, along which we marched the previous evening and before we filed to the left into the timber to take position in line. Here we remained until the evening of the following day, May 28, when, about 4 p.m., we were ordered to fall in and immediately set off on the double-quick to the right, the enemy having charged on our lines. When my command reached a point in the rear of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, we were ordered by General Osterhaus up to the support of the Sixth Iowa. Three field pieces of the First Iowa Battery (Captain Griffiths), which were in position outside of our breast-works, had been captured by the enemy. This we learned from the drivers, who were taking the battery horses to the rear after we were ordered up to the support of the Sixth Iowa. This intelligence caused our boys to still accelerate our movements, which had all along been quite rapid. Our coming to the support of the Sixth was so gratifying and encouraging to them that, with our assistance, they poured a fire into the enemy so rapid and effective that the enemy was compelled to relinquish the three cannon they had taken and retreated precipitately, when the Sixth's boys went out and hauled back the cannon by hand. My command then being ordered to the rear again, we withdrew to the rear into the open field, and remained there firmly under a brisk artillery fire of shot and shell from the enemy for a short time, when we were ordered to join our brigade, which we did, going still farther to the right, and took position in the rear of the brigade, with orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice in any direction ordered. Whilst under fire and during the charge on the evening of the 28th Privates William O. Phelps and William G. Farnham, of Company E, were wounded slightly in the shoulder. We remained in the position last above indicated until near daylight of the morning of the 29th of May, when we were ordered to make rifle-pits and breast-works commanding a ravine on the right flank of our brigade, which we did during the forenoon of that day and completed the same. These works ran perpendicular to the line of the Fourth Iowa Veteran Volunteers' works, and we, therefore, caused traverses to be constructed for each company so as to cover them on the flanks. These works we occupied until after dark on the evening of the 29th of May, when we moved silently back along to the left of our lines and took position in line of battle along a road running north and southwest of Dallas to the left of the Fourth Iowa Veteran Volunteers. We remained here in this position during the night and until about 8 a.m. of the 30th of May, when we were ordered across the road and a little to the right, where the men could avail themselves of the shade of some scrub timber skirting a ravine, and remained there until noon. During the night of the 29th of May seven or eight distinct charges by the enemy were understood to have been made on our front lines, and judging from the rolls of musketry, mingled with artillery, they were supposed to have been desperate, but I have since understood that the fight was ex parte, and that the enemy was at such a distance that they suffered but little or not at all, whilst our loss was not very heavy. About noon of May 30 I was ordered to move again to the right with my command, and took position again to the left of Fourth Iowa Veteran Volunteers, immediately on the right of the works which we had constructed on morning of 29th, and in the rifle-pits previously occupied by Wilder's brigade. During this last movement Sergt. Thomas M. Belknap, of Company E, was slightly

