
[wounded] in the head, and Private Mark Orr, of the same company, slightly in the right foot. We remained in the position last indicated until the afternoon of the 31st of May, keeping a strong line of skirmishers in our front in daytime and a strong picket at night, when, in pursuance of orders, we moved back into the works constructed by us on the morning of May 29. Our skirmishers, then under command of Captain S. S. Farwell, holding their line in front of the rifle-pits we had just left, and an additional line of skirmishers being thrown out in front of the works then occupied by us covering the right flank, which was then, I understand, the extreme right of our lines. Just before dark, on the evening of 31st of May, the enemy succeeded in bringing a piece or two of artillery into the edge of the woods in front of the Ninth and Twenty-fifth Iowa, and commenced throwing shot and shell into the pits we had just abandoned and [those] which we then occupied, as well as the woods occupied by our skirmishers. The traverses in our works covered us so effectually that not a man was injured, although the enemy had fair range on us. One shell fell in our works, but did not explode. Sergeant-Major Maloney, now acting as lieutenant of Company K, pending his recommendation for promotion to lieutenancy of that company, picket it up and threw it over the breast-works.

Early on morning of June 1 we again moved silently to the left to near the position occupied by us on the night of May 29, into rifle-pits previously prepared. Here we remained a short time, and then took up the line of march to the left through Dallas, and arrived at camp, near New Hope Church, about 1 p.m. June 1. Here we remained until about 3 p.m. June 4, when we moved and took position again in the rifle-pits in front of the enemy's works. We remained in the pits over night, and found, on the morning of June 5, that during the night enemy had evacuated. During the forenoon we again took up the line of march, and have thence hitherto proceeded unmolested.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. SMYTH,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-first Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant SHIELDS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 457.

Reports of Colonel Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 13-16, July 22-25, and July 28-September 3.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command during the engagements near Resaca, Ga., on the 13th, 14th, and 15th of May, 1864:

This brigade arrived, with the division, in the forenoon of the 13th at the road leading from Dalton to Calhoun Ferry; was ordered to form line of battle by battalions in mass, as reserve to division, on the right of Resaca road; followed it up in support of divisions as it advanced upon the enemy; bivouacked that night at the foot of the hill occupied by First Brigade and De Gress' battery. The Seventeenth

