
and Thirty-second Missouri Volunteers were ordered late in the evening to relieve the skirmishers of First and Second Brigades, and picket the front of the two brigades mentioned.

On the morning of the 14th the Twelfth Missouri Volunteer Infantry was ordered forward as skirmishers toward the bridge over Camp Creek, and directed to push across the bridge, which was done most gallantly, and which gave us entire possession of it. After crossing the bridge this regiment, in the anxiety to get on the hill in front of it, pushed its line forward, and advanced so far that it had to be ordered to fall back a short distance, it having not sufficient support. At 6 p.m. a charge was ordered to be made upon the enemy occupying the hill in front of the division, the Third Missouri Volunteers being ordered at the same time to report to Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Brigade, which regiment participated in the charge, and remained with First Brigade until the occupation of Resaca, and as to the conduct of that regiment I respectfully refer to the report of Brigadier-General Woods. During the charge the Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, then on the left, opened a terrific fire upon the enemy, which was kept up until the hill was carried by our troops, when the regiment was ordered to withdraw across the bridge to clean the guns and rest. The Seventeenth and Thirty-second Missouri Volunteers were relieved as pickets some time before the charge was made, and held in reserve near the bridge, and while there these two regiments were kept constantly employed for several hours carrying ammunition to the men of the division, and were a great deal exposed to the enemy's fire. In the evening the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Missouri Volunteers were ordered forward to report to Brigadier-General Woods for support, with whom they remained until the morning of the 16th instant.

On the 15th instant the Twelfth Missouri Volunteers made rifle-pits along the creek to protect the bridge in case of attack, and occupied the pits during that day and night; the other regiments bivouacked in their present position.

On the morning of the 16th the town and works of the enemy were reported evacuated, and General Osterhaus, in person, ordered the Twelfth Missouri Volunteers early in the morning to march into town. I followed, according to orders, with the remainder of the brigade (the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Missouri Volunteers). On arriving near town the Third, Twelfth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-first Missouri Volunteers again joined my command.

I also inclose herewith a report of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Scorpion, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

COLONEL: Having been connected for the last four days with the Seventeenth Army Corps, I consider it my duty to report, for the information of the commanding general, the part taken by this brigade during that time.

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 9 men killed, 45 men wounded, and 1 man missing; total, 56.

---------------

