
procured, part of the men were digging and fortifying, while others kept firing; and when night set in we had not only repulsed the enemy, but put up field-works and a fifty-yard wide abatis of such strength that a single line of determined soldiers would have been able to hold them against all attack.
The loss this brigade sustained was light in comparison with the enemy's loss, of whom 72 were buried in our immediate front. This brigade lost 1 man killed and 34 wounded, of whom 5 were officers. Lieutenant-Colonel Kaercher, Twelfth Missouri, in side, doing well; Major Murphy, Twenty-ninth Missouri, in breast, serious, but doing well so far; Captain Affleck, Twelfth Missouri, in leg and abdomen, has since died; Lieutenant Taylor, Twenty-ninth Missouri, on head, doing duty again; and Lieutenant Sellentin, Twelfth Missouri through windpipe, doing well.

All men behaved gallantly and felt sorry that no further attacks were made on them, as they felt invincible in their position, and would have proved it.

Respectfully submitted.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In my last report I had the honor to present to the general commanding division the part taken by the Third Brigade in the engagement with the enemy July 28 and days following. I hereby submit a report of the share taken by this brigade in this martial drama from that time on until the capture of Atlanta.

On the 2nd day of August we were ordered to occupy an open field in rear of Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, as reserve, no part of the First Division occupying at that time a position in front. The next day I received orders to occupy part of the advanced line. The Third, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Missouri were ordered out, the two latter regiments, however, relieved before night. The Third remained until evening of August 4, when it was also relieved by a regiment of the Second Brigade. Our loss was light, and resulted mainly from stray shots of shell and ball, which aimed at the pits in our front fell amongst our men. Here in this camp we remained, being but seldom called upon to assist in demonstrations made against the enemy, until August 26, 1864, when the brigade, joining the other two brigades of the division, marched off at 9 p.m. toward Utoy Creek and eventually West Point railroad, which we struck near Fairburn August 28, 1864, at noon. Here we remained until August 30, half of the brigade occupying rifle-pits for the protection of our troops, while the other half assisted in thoroughly destroying the railroad. My command had previously been considerably reduced, the term of service of a great many men of the Twelfth and Third Missouri having expired. The remains of these-now skeleton-regiments were sent back to guard the train by orders from division headquarters, and all those of the Third and Seventeenth Missouri whose term of service expired after the expiration of term of service of the regiment, some 70 or 80 in

