
number, had been detailed to service in the Fourth Ohio Battery, leaving not over 400 men carrying muskets in the brigade. At 9 a.m. August 30, 1864, the brigade (Seventeenth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Missouri) resumed its march in rear of Second Brigade, and reached a point about one mile from Macon railroad, near Jonesborough, at 10 p.m. Early on August 31 we built breast-works for protection, but soon a position on the right of the Fourth Division was assigned to us, and the men caused to fortify immediately. At 3 o'clock the enemy most furiously shelled our position without causing more than a slight loss to us, and immediately thereafter charged the whole works in force. The position of this brigade was very favorable for defense, as a large field was in our front. None of the charging parties came nearer than 150 yards, being unable to stand the withering fire that greeted them to hospitable graves; but all that had advanced that far took refuge in a ravine, which sheltered them from our fire and gave them the means to join their friends again.

On the morning of the 1st of September, and again in the evening of the same day, a strong skirmish line was sent forward to feel and engage the enemy, but found his lines too strong to gain any permanent advantage. In the evening of the day the brigade was relieved by some regiments of the First and Second Brigades, who held the front line during the night. The enemy evacuated Jonesborough during the night. Pursuit was commenced on the morning of September 2. He was met again some six miles south of Jonesborough, near Lovejoy's Station. The First and Second Brigade of this division were put into position near the enemy's lines, this (Third) brigade, however, held as reserve with the artillery of the division, and did not join in any action. On September 3, 1864, the joyful intelligence of the capture of Atlanta by our troops was officially announced.

The brigade loss while in reserve, from August 2 to August 26, 1 enlisted man killed, 12 wounded, and 4 captured by the enemy; in all 17. The loss (September 1 and 2) while before Jonesborough, was 1 commissioned officer killed and 2 wounded, 2 enlisted men killed and 25 wounded; in all 30.

Respectfully submitted.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 15th Army Corps.

No. 458.

Report of Captain Charles C. Bland, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, of operations May 1-20.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Kingston, Ga., May 21, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your often expressed desire, I take pleasure in reporting to you the operations of the Thirty-second Missouri Volunteers for the first twenty days of this month, during which time I had the honor of commanding the regiment.

