
On the 1st instant we struck tents at Woodville, Ala., and marched toward Chattanooga, via Bridgeport, Ala., arriving at Chattanooga on the 6th. We turned over our surplus baggage, camp and garrison equipage for storage, and in very light marching order proceeded by rapid marches, with the column of the army which took possession of Snake Creek Gap, arriving there on the 8th. The next day demonstrations were made against Resaca, which caused the presence of the rebel Johnston and his army to prove manifest in a very short time afterward. In the battle of Resaca, on the 14th instant, we lost Sergt. James W. Mires, Company I, severely wounded; Private James S. Temple, Company B, severely wounded; Private Dabner Martin, Company F, severely wounded; Private John Danback, Company K, severely wounded. On the 16th we proceeded southward in pursuit of the flying hosts of Johnston's army, but they kept out of reach, and there was no fighting of much consequence, on the road taken by the Army of the Tennessee, between Resaca and Kingston. We arrived at the latter place on the 19th and enjoyed a few days' rest, during which time Major A. J. Seay arrived from Missouri and took command of the regiment, the history of which from this date I leave for him to communicate to you.

Our regiment is in excellent condition and eager to continue the race after Old Joe. In a short time scurvy will make its appearance among us on account of the diet we are necessarily confined to, but we look anxiously to the Sanitary Commission for relief, and hope not to be denied the pleasant flavor and the recuperative effects of their many good things to eat and drink.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

C. C. BLAND,

Captain Company D, 32nd Missouri Vols., Commanding Regiment

[Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.]

No. 459.

Reports of Major Abraham J. Seay, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, of operations May 20-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

DEAR GENERAL: I have intended, in obedience to your request, to keep you posted in our operations as our gigantic campaign progressed, but owing to the fact that we have been constantly in the front with no field officers to shift any of the labor or responsibility upon, I have so far neglected to write; but I believe the record will show that I have not neglected my duties in the face of the enemy, which is of much more importance to the country.

I joined the regiment at Kingston, Ga., May 20, and have commanded it ever since. We have taken part in every march, skirmish, and battle in which the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, has been engaged, among the most important of which were the battles of Dallas, May 26, 27, and 28; Kenesaw Mountain from June 10 to July 3 (which was properly a siege); before Atlanta, east

