
side, on Augusta railroad July 21 and 22; and last, but not least, the bloody contest of the 28th on the extreme right of the army north of Atlanta. Here the dead lay in unbroken lines; I may say in heaps. Our loss is estimated at 600; that of the enemy over 6,000.

During all these operations our loss has been the incredibly small number of 20 men. The men are so familiar with go where others less familiar with their profession would lose heavily, and not lose a man. My men excel particularly in skirmishing, which is really the old Indian style of fighting from behind trees, stones, embankments, logs, &amp;c. The Army of the Tennessee has had heavy skirmishing at this point (southwest of Atlanta) for four days, in which we took an active part on yesterday and the day before; are to-day in reserve. Our arduous duties render it almost impossible for us to be regular and prompt with out reports and returns.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &c.,

A. J. SEAY,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I will give you a synopsis of our recent movements:

From the 5th to the 26th of August the regiment was engaged in the pits and on the skirmish line. On the night of the 26th we withdrew silently (with First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps) at 8 p.m., and marched all night southwest toward Sandtown, and rested at noon 27th. On the 28th we moved due south and took possession of the Montgomery railroad, after slight resistance by the enemy, and destroyed several miles, continuing our labors during the 29th. On the 30th we moved southeast with the design of striking the Macon railroad at Jonesborough. The enemy contested every foot of ground, but despite their desperate resistance 11 p.m. found us in position. During the night and early on the morning of the 31st we threw up earth-works. We had not finished them when J. B. Hood, after the style of 28th of July, charged our whole line and was repulsed at every point. Mean time General Schofield, on our left, had taken possession of, and destroyed a portion of, the railroad. My regiment lost 2 killed and 3 wounded to-day (31st of August).

September 1, the Thirty-second, together with the other regiments of the Third Brigade, charged the enemy's works in front of Jonesborough, in which my loss was 7 wounded. It is needless to say (for the country knows) Atlanta was evacuated that night, the enemy destroying immense quantities of ammunition, &c. He also evacuated Jonesborough the same night, moving toward the Gulf of Mexico. Thus you see our work for the present is done, and General Sherman pronounces it "well done." On to-morrow we will go into camp for rest and reorganization. Our present station and post-office address is East Point, Ga.

