
Hoping soon to receive from the draft depot men enough to fill my thinned ranks, at least to the minimum, I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

A. J. SEAY,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

No. 460.

Reports of Major Clemens Landgraeber, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Before Kingston, Ga., May 22, 1864.

Colonel NELSON COLE,

Commanding 2nd Regiment Missouri Arty., St. Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you a report of the part taken by my battalion in the battle of Resaca, Ga. Lieutenant Winn has not arrived yet. The army corps has orders to march to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock toward Atlanta, Ga.

I am, sir, with all respect, your most obedient servant,

CLEM. LANDGRAEBER,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Report of the battalion of artillery of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, under command of Major C. Landgraeber, Second Missouri Artillery, and Chief of Artillery, of the part taken in battle of Resaca, Ga.

The First Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps marched on the morning of the 13th of May, 1864, from Snake Creek Gap, Ga., with a line of skirmishers in front, in the direction of Resaca. Battery F, Second Regiment Missouri Artillery-the two 12-pounder field howitzers leading-marched behind the First Brigade, and the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery-the four Napoleon guns leading-behind the Second Brigade. After a lively skirmish the enemy made a stand about one mile from Resaca, Ga., having posted his artillery on a hill. I brought the howitzer section of Battery F forward, and it took position on the left side of the main road next to a plantation, having for support a company of sharpshooters of the First Division. The enemy was deploying his cavalry about 700 yards in front, but after a few rounds he was compelled to give way. The enemy was firing shell and spherical case-shot at our infantry and artillery, and after being hardly pressed by our skirmishers, had to withdraw their pieces. Our forces then took possession of the hills, and I posted the two 3-inch Rodman guns of Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, on a steep hill, about 400 yards on the left of main road, and opened fire with shell on the enemy's works, where we he was busily engaged with working parties to finish his breast-works. The two 20-pounder Parrott guns of the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery I brought in position on the right of the road in a hill, and opened fire with them, first on the enemy's works and then at the railroad

