
bridge, where troops and trains of the enemy were passing. At dark the firing ceased, and during the night I brought the section of howitzers of Battery F forward to a position on the left of the road in advance of the Rodman guns, and posted also the four 12-pounder Napoleon guns of the Fourth Ohio Battery in a position of a hill on the left of the road, some distance to the right and rear of the howitzer section.

On the morning of the 14th of May the howitzers of Battery F, Second Regiment Missouri Artillery, fired on a line of rifle-pits, about 700 yards in front, with shells, nearly enfilading them; and the 12-pounder Napoleon guns of the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery opened on a piece of timber which was occupied by the enemy in force. Our skirmishers advanced then,and the Napoleons were obliged to cease firing, the left wing of our infantry having advanced in front of these pieces. The 3-inch Rodman guns of Battery F held their old position of the day before, and maintained a very annoying fire on the enemy. The 0-pounder Parrott guns of the Fourth Ohio Battery did also very good execution during the day. In the afternoon all artillery was ordered to open a severe fire on all points occupied by the enemy, after which the infantry of the First Division made a brilliant bayonet charge, crossing a deep ravine and a creek, taking possession of the hills in front of them. After sundown the firing ceased. During the night I built a breast-work in the ravine on the right of the main road for the two 12-pounder howitzers, which were brought to this point at 5 a.m. on the 15th of May. The 12-pounder Napoleon guns also were brought forward to the position held the day previous by the howitzers of Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery. The two 20-pounder Parrott guns of the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery I brought forward to the left of the main road, next to the Rodman guns, and opened fire on the enemy's fortification. The Napoleon guns and the two 12-pounder howitzers fired in the morning at the rifle-pits of the enemy, and in the afternoon the four 12-pounder Napoleon guns were removed to a position in front of Brigadier-General Lightburn's brigade, of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. The section of 20-pounder Parrott guns was also removed to a position on the right of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and directed their fire at the railroad bridge.

On the 16th of May, early in the morning, the section of howitzers advanced at a trot through Resaca, and unlimbered several times to fire on the retreating rebels.

The battalion has lost only 1 man killed, 1 man wounded, 7 horses killed.

The Fourth Independent Ohio Battery fired 227 rounds; Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, fired 560 rounds.

CLEM. LANGRAEBER,

Major and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Before Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to give you hereby the most obedient report of the part taken by the battalion of artillery of the First

