
Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, in the engagement of the 22nd and 28th in front of Atlanta, Ga.:

Early in the morning of the 22nd of July the First Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps approached the evacuated lines of the enemy. I brought the artillery to a rendezvous position on the right of the Decatur and Atlanta road. After reconnoitering, a position was selected in the road leading to Atlanta, in front of the mansion of Howard. Here I built a breast-work for six guns, connecting with the rifle-pits of the First Brigade, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and with those of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Captain de Gress' battery of four 20-pounder Parrott guns was on my left at a distance of about 800 yards. After I had finished the work, and after mountain the battery with two pieces of 3-inch ordnance guns of Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, and two 12-pounder Napoleon guns, and two 20-pounder Parrott guns of the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery, details of men were engaged to cut the timber down in front of the works. At this moment the enemy charged the position to my left, silenced and nearly captured Captain De Gress' battery, and compelled the infantry on my left and right to fall back. I brought my pieces then outside the breast-works and opened fire with canister and spherical case-shot on the approaching enemy, compelling him to seek shelter behind the works, and preventing him from holding or removing Captain De Gress' battery. Receiving, however, a lively musket fire in my left, and having no infantry support, I limbered up and brought my pieces back near the lines of our infantry; unlimbered again in the yard of Howard's house, and opened fire with shell and spherical case-shot. The First and Second Brigades of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, now advanced and charged the enemy, recapturing the rifle-pits and breast-works, as well as Captain De Gress' battery, and driving the enemy back in confusion. As soon as I saw the success of our troops I limbered up and brought the six pieces to their former position in the breast-works, and returned the fire of the rebel batteries, which had opened furiously on our troops. During this operation the two 12-pounder howitzers of Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, took a position on the left of the Decatur and Atlanta road, operating with the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. The enemy attacked at about 5 p.m. and was handsomely repulsed after a short engagement, the howitzers entertaining a brisk fire of shell and spherical case. I was not personally present at this point, and refer you for information to the report of the commanding general of the Fourth Division. The remaining section of two 12-pounder light field guns, of the Fourth Independent Ohio Battery, was placed in position on the Decatur road, but was not engaged. The battalion lost on this day 1 man killed, 3 men wounded.

In the engagement of the 28th of July the battalion was not able to take part. I brought only one section of 12-pounder light field guns to the front, and it took first a position on the left of the main road leading to the open field in front of the heights, where the enemy was in position. After our infantry had taken these heights, the guns advanced and took a position on the top of the hill, about thirty-five yards in front of the infantry of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and opened with shell and spherical case-shot on the rebel battery. As soon as the enemy charged this position, these guns were withdrawn and marched to the rear,

