
where I had taken a position on the hills on the right and left of the main road, with all the guns of the battalion. The enemy opened a rapid fire at this point, but without much injury to the artillery, which lost only 1 man wounded.

I am, sir, with all respect, your most obedient servant,

CLEM. LANGRAEBER,

Major Second Regiment Missouri Artillery, and

Chief of Arty., First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The Fourth Independent Ohio Battery and Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, left their camp at Woodville, Ala., on the 1st of May, 1864. The Fourth Ohio Battery was armed with two 20-pounder Parrott guns and four 12-pounder Napoleon guns, and Battery F, Second Missouri, with two 3-inch ordnance guns and two 12-pounder field howitzers. The division arrived at Resaca on the 13th of May, and both batteries were engaged during the days of the 13th, 14th, and 15th of May, in different positions on the right of the left of the main road leading to Resaca. After the evacuation of Resaca on the 16th of May, the battalion marched to Kingston, where it arrived on the 19th of May, and remained for three days in camp. Then the command marched to Dallas, Ga., and both batteries took part again in the engagements at this place. The Fourth Ohio Battery did excellent service in repelling the repeated and furious assaults of the enemy on our works on the 28th of May. The battalion marched on the 29th of May to New Hope Church, where it went into position on the 4th of June. On the 5th of June the battalion marched to Acworth, and arrived at Big Shanty on the 10th of June, where it went directly in position, and opened fire on the enemy at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain. The artillery followed the advance of our infantry during the days from the 12th to the 23rd of June by taking always closer positions to Kenesaw Mountain. On the 23rd of June I built two casemated breast-works for the rifled pieces of the battalion on a ridge opposite Kenesaw Mountain, and these pieces succeeded in silencing the enemy's guns.

On the 2nd of July the artillery marched to the right wing of the army, and was engaged against the enemy's artillery on Kenesaw Mountain. On the 3rd of July the battalion marched with the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, to Marietta, Ga., and crossed on the 14th of July the Chattahoochee River, and took position on the south bank near Roswell Factory, where it remained until the 17th of July, when it marched to Decatur. The battalion took part in the engagement of the 22nd of July, for which I refer to my report of July 24, 1864.* On the 23rd of July four guns of the Fourth Ohio Battery marched to Decatur to protect a working party engaged in destroying the railroad. In the battle of the 28th only one section of 12-pounder Napoleon guns was engaged. The rest of the artillery was posted in the rear of the infantry on a hill. On the 30th of July

---------------

*Not found; but see report of August 5, p.173.

---------------

