
the artillery took new positions more to the right, and was always engaged against the enemy until the 26th of August, when, during the night, the command marched to the right, destroyed the Montgomery railroad, where the artillery was in position to protect the working parties. The battalion marched from there to the Macon railroad, crossed the Flint River, and was engaged during the battle of the 31st of August.

On the 1st of September the battalion was also engaged, and took part in the famous shelling of Jonesborough. On the 2nd of September the artillery marched to Lovejoy's, but, being in reserve, was not engaged. From Lovejoy's the battalion marched to East Point, where it is in camp now, engaged in building works for the defense of the line.

I have the honor to forward hereby a list of casualties during the campaign.* Officers and men behaved satisfactorily. The two 12-pounder howitzers of Battery F are unserviceable, and I recommend to have them exchanged for two 3-inch ordnance guns. The other pieces are in good condition. The harness is old, but still serviceable. Horses are not in sufficient number, and poor. The ammunition which the command used was often of a very bad quality.

I am, sir, with all respect, your most obedient servant,

CLEM. LANGRAEBER,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 15th Army Corps.

No. 461.

Reports of Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 13-16 and June 27.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., May 16, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division in the advance on and battle of Resaca:

In obedience to General Logan's instructions, I formed line at the intersection of the Dalton and Calhoun and Snake Gap and Resaca roads, on the right of the latter, for an advance on Resaca, at 11.30 a.m. of the 13th instant. The First Division was on my left and the Sixteenth Corps on my right. I received General Logan's order to advance at 1.30 p.m. The ground was very much broken and covered with heavy timber and thick undergrowth, with the exception of an occasional small cleared field. The distance to Resaca was about three miles and a half, and our advance was resisted all the way, particularly on right of Second Brigade, where several were killed and wounded. My division reached a high wooded hill about 400 yards in rear of Camp Creek, overlooking Resaca and the railroad bridge, about 4.30 p.m. We found the ground along Camp Creek partially cleared, with all the dead trees, which were standing quite thick, on fire, to prevent their being used as cover for our skirmishers. I got my division in position on this hill under a heavy fire, and not without considerable loss. The enemy's guns

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.114.

---------------

