
were plainly visible as well as their colors in their main works. We rested here for the night, and prepared positions for our batteries, which were put in position before morning.

On the morning of the 14th heavy skirmishing commenced at daylight, and was continued until about noon, when I received General Logan's order to make a feigned attack on their works, as a movement of the enemy was apparent to mass his orders to send one of left, and at about 4.30 o'clock I received his orders to send one of my brigades to storm a slight elevation across Camp Creek, and not more than 400 or 500 yards from the enemy's main works along the railroad, in conjunction with a brigade from the First Division. Knowing that this elevation was full of rifle-pits, and that Camp Creek could only be crossed at one or two points in my front, this looked like anything but a small contract. The signal was given, and the First Brigade, General Giles A. Smith commanding, moved forward at double-quick, amidst a loud cheer from the whole division. The brigade having arrived at the creek, some crossed on logs, but the principal part waded, and found the water up to their waists. The enemy, evidently thinking the movement meant an assault on their main works, delivered a volley and retired from the hill, and immediately opened upon it with shell from four different batteries. General Smith reformed his brigade, and moved rapidly to the brow of the hill, but before he could get his lines adjusted the shelling ceased, and a strong force of the enemy advanced to dislodge him from the hill. After a fight at close quarters of about three-quarters of an hour, the enemy gave way, or fell back to reform, and their shelling was resumed. The second attack appeared to be an attempt to turn General Smith's right, and I received orders from General Logan in person to protect his right at all hazards with the Second Brigade. General Lightburn, commanding that brigade, responded nobly, and moved over or through the creek at double-quick, some of his men being entirely immersed in crossing, and formed on General Smith's right, his own right resting near the Oostenaula River, and immediately opened fire. The enemy's assault continued until 8.10, when they gave way at all points. The division was intrenched at this place before morning. Heavy skirmishing all day of the 15th, and soon after dark very heavy firing was heard on our extreme left; and, notwithstanding that did not indicate the evacuation of such a strongly fortified position, I ordered officers in command of skirmishers to feel forward all night, and press the enemy if he attempted to get away. The enemy's skirmishers commenced to withdraw at 3 a.m. the 16th. They were closely followed into Resaca, and most of them captured, and, after a brisk skirmish about daybreak, the party left to fire the wagon road bridge was driven away, and the bridge saved.

Where all behaved so well and did their whole duty, I can see no justice in mentioning particular names.

Please find accompanying reports of brigade commanders, and complete list of casualties.*

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding Second Div., 15th Army Corps.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 officers and 31 men killed, 7 officers and 162 men wounded; total, 203.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

