HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 28, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of an assault made by a part of General Logan's corps, under my command, upon the enemy's works to the right of Kenesaw Mountain:

In accordance with General Logan's order, I withdrew my division from its position to the left of the mountain after dark on the night of the 26th instant, and massed it opposite the extreme right of the mountain and a hill, which is a continuation of the same, to the right. This hill was the objective point of the assault, and my division and Colonel Walcutt's brigade, of General Harrow's division, was designated as the assaulting column and 8 a.m. of the 27th the hour to advance. General Lightburn, commanding Second Brigade, of about 2,000 muskets, was directed to form in two lines and assault through a little orchard, about 400 yards to the right of the hill, and to advance as soon as he heard a brisk fire on the left. General Giles A. Smith, commanding First Brigade, of about the same strength, was directed to move at the same time in two lines directly on the hill. Colonel Walcutt, commanding the brigade of General Harrow's division, of about 1,500 muskets, was directed to move directly for the gorge where the hill joins on to the mountain, lapping the mountain and left of the hill, feel into the gorge as far as possible, and capture the works in his front. As the enemy could not depress their artillery sufficiently to fire on him, he was ordered to advance first, and the opening of the enemy's fire upon him was the signal for the other two brigades to advance. The line moved about 8 o'clock. It advanced steadily, with a strong line of skirmishers, but owing to the extreme density of the underbrush it was impossible for skirmishers to keep in front of their lines. Found the enemy's line of rifle-pits about 400 yards from their main works, and killed or captured most of their skirmishers. After passing a deep, swampy ravine, the line fixed bayonets, advancing, moved steadily and rapidly for the enemy's works, amidst a shower of shot and shell. Officers and men fell thick and fast. In addition to the steepness of the ascent, trees had been felled and brush and rocks piled in such a manner as to make it impossible to advance with any regularity. Officers and men still pushed forward. Re-enforcements of the enemy were seen coming in from the right and left. Within about thirty feet of the enemy's main works the line staggered and sought cover as best they could behind logs and rocks. Some of the Fifty-fifth and One hundred and eleventh Illinois, of General Giles A. Smith's brigade, fell on and inside the works. General Lightburn, on the right, pressed on through a swamp, where officers and men sank to their knees, and a very dense thicket, but on account of an enfilading fire, was unable to get nearer than 150 yards of the orchard and works beyond. He, however, by coming suddenly out of the thicket and swamp, killed and wounded quite a number of the enemy and captured 2 officers and 36 men.

Colonel Barnhill, commanding Fortieth Illinois, of Colonel Walcutt's brigade, and [Captain] Augustin, Fifty-fifth Illinois, were killed on the hill near the enemy's works; Colonel Rice, Fifty-seventh Ohio, also wounded on the hill (leg amputated); Colonel Spooner, Eighty-third Indiana, farther to the right of the hill, was wounded (arm amputated at the shoulder); Colonel Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio, severely in the leg.

