
Colonel Walcutt, commanding the brigade from General Harrow's division, moved forward promptly toward the gorge, encountered the enemy's rifle-pits; captured about 50 prisoners; found the gorge perfectly impassable on account of the rocky and precipitous entrance. He then turned his attention to the right of the mountain, from which he was receiving a flank fire, and left of the hill; some of his brigade met their fate at the breast-works. Officers and men on the side-hill were completely covered by the second line and sharpshooters, and the artillery of Generals Osterhays' and Harrow's divisions, so that I am satisfied not one prisoner was taken by the enemy. A good line of rifle-pits was made in front of General G. A. Smith's and Colonel Walcutt's brigades in one hour, within 100 yards of the hill in some places. At dark the men were all withdrawn from side-hill; our pickets were relieved by General Osterhaus, and I received General Logan's order to resume the position occupied in the morning.

Accompanying please find list of casualties* and reports of brigade commanders.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major R. R. TOWNERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 462.

Reports of Brigadier General Joseph A. J. Lightburn, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations July 22 and August 9-16.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of the 22nd instant:

Pursuant to orders, I moved my brigade forward, following Colonel Martin's (First) brigade, and took possession of the enemy's works in our front, forming on the right of the railroad, and commenced reversing the works, throwing out a strong skirmish line, supported by the Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, together with the One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers and one section of Battery A, First Illinois Light Artillery, under the command of Colonel Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with instructions to watch his flanks and fall back when compelled by the advance of the enemy, placing the remainder of Battery A, First Illinois Light Artillery, in position on each side of the railroad and Battery H on my extreme right. At 2 p.m., pursuant to orders, I assumed command of the division, and at 3.30 p.m. my whole line was attacked, which was resisted with spirit, until the line was broken on the main road, when the whole command broke in confusion to the rear. Finding it impossible to check the retreat, I proceeded immediately to the works occupied in the morning,

---------------

*Shows 7 officers and 35 men killed, 29 officers and 252 men wounded, and 3 men missing; total, 317.

---------------

