
ordering that the command be there checked, reformed, and retake the position lost, and, if possible, recapture the batteries, which was ultimately done with the assistance of General Woods' division and one brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Mersy, recapturing all the guns of Battery H and 2 of Battery A.

I regret to say that the command did not behave as on former occasions, as it seemed that when the column became panic-stricken and fell back in disorder, yet, with the assistance of the general commanding the corps (Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith), together with the assistance of his and my own staff officers, we succeeded in reforming a portion of the command, which was the first to reoccupy the works, taking 75 prisoners.

The circumstances under which the division fought were unfavorable: First. We had occupied a line of such extent that we had very little reserves, and just before the attack three regiments had been sent,under command of Colonel Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry (brigade commander), to assist General Harrow, and subsequently to General Dodge, leaving but a thin line in front of the First Brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mott, Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and one regiment (the only reserve of the Second Brigade) had been sent to the rear to guard our hospital, leaving but six regiments in line. Upon assuming command of the division, the command of the Second Brigade devolved upon Colonel Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who had command of the advance together with the skirmish line, and barely had time to assume the command when the main line was attacked, yet the fighting was desperate until the line became broken, inflicting heavy loss upon the enemy. From the reports of brigade commanders and my own observation I should estimate his loss at from 1,000 to 1,200 killed and wounded.

I take pleasure in saying that the officers, especially the staff of the general commanding the corps, together with my own, behaved gallantly in reforming the command and retaking our former position.

All of which is respectfully submitted, together with the reports from brigade commanders.

Accompanying please find lists of casualties* giving name, rank, company, regiment, and nature of wounds.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my command was to-day employed in finishing a new line of works in advance of the one now occupied, which was completed this evening, except head-logs and abatis. The abatis could not be made in daylight and will, therefore, be finished to-night. I would also report that the new

---------------

*Show 5 officers and 55 men killed, 7 officers and 189 men wounded, and 16 officers and 406 men missing; total, 678.

---------------

