
division remained in the position I found it, about 600 yards from the enemy, until August 26, when, at 8 p.m., it moved with the corps in the direction of Fairburn, reaching the West Point and Atlanta Railroad without opposition at a point about thirteen miles from Atlanta at 12 m. August 28. On the morning of the 29th a squad of 1 officer and 9 enlisted men of a Texas cavalry regiment were captured and brought in by Captain Crane, Eighth Missouri detachment.

The division leading, the corps took up the march at 7 a.m. the 30th in the direction of Jonesborough, distant thirteen miles. After moving about five miles we came upon a portion of Kilpatrick's cavalry that had been checked by two brigades of the cavalry of the enemy. Forming two regiments as a support to the skirmishers, already made strong, they all advanced in conjunction with some troops of the Sixteenth Corps on the right, the enemy giving way. As often as the enemy found time during the day he endeavored, by making temporary barricades and by the use of artillery, to check our column; but the march was kept up with but little delay the entire day, crossing Flint River, driving him from the other side, repairing the bridge, and pushing to within a quarter of a mile of the town before dark. At this time we captured an infantry soldier from the enemy, who informed us that two divisions of Hardee's corps were before us, and that our lines were not over 200 yards apart. This was also made probable by the musketry fire. The troops were here formed in line, the right resting on the Fairburn and Jonesborough road, and extending north, and a good barricade made along their front.

Early on the morning of the 31st Colonel Theodore Jones, commanding First Brigade, on the left, was directed to seize and fortify a commanding eminence about half a mile to the front of his left. He had just gained it when the enemy came also to occupy it. He held his ground, however, with a portion of his command, while the remainder fortified the position. It was found to be of the greatest importance, as it overlooked the entire front occupied by the enemy. Columns of rebel troops were now seen to be extending to our left, planting artillery, and making all dispositions necessary to attack. As he extended beyond my left, and as my troops were formed in a light line, with considerable intervals, a brigade, from the Seventeenth Corps, under command of Colonel George E. Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin Volunteers, and two regiments, under Colonel William B. Woods, Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers, were sent to me, and posted where most needed, where they afterward performed good service. I now had sixteen regiments in the line and one in reserve. No point of it could be given up without endangering the entire line. At 2 p.m. the enemy commenced a vigorous fire of artillery all along his line, and was soon after seen advancing his infantry. We had good works, and the attack was met with the most perfect confidence. He came on it two full lines, supported by troops in mass, coming in one place quite inside the works, and persisted in the attack for about three-quarters of an hour, when he was completely repulsed at all points, and those who came too near captured. We lost quite heavily in the trenches before the fight took place, but during the fight we had but 11 killed, and 52 wounded, and 2 missing. Of the enemy we buried over 200, captured 99 unhurt, and 79 wounded. We also took 2 stand of colors and over 1,000 stand small-arms. I have reason to believe that over 1,000 of the enemy were wounded.

