
The division remained in this position during the fight of the Fourteenth Corps on the 1st instant, participating in it from behind our works, and on the 2nd moved forward to near Lovejoy's Station, remaining in the position there until the night of the 4th, when it moved back to Jonesborough, and on the 6th and 7th to this point.

I learn from the records of the division that it left Larkinsville, Ala., in May, with 3,441 effective men. It has lost in the campaign: Officers-killed, 21; wounded, 63; missing, 18. Men-killed, 195; wounded, 1,346; missing, 430. Total-killed, 216; wounded, 1,409; missing, 448. Grant total, 2,073.*

The division has taken from the enemy 603 prisoners, 3 stand of colors, 2,041 stand of small-arms.

I have to render my warmest thanks to all the commanders and their men for bravery and good conduct. My staff especially, who were strangers to me, have shown that devotion to duty which merits consideration.

Captain Gordon Lofland, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain George M. Crane, Eighth Missouri Mounted Infantry, commanding escort, were wounded while in the discharge of their duty.

To Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, I have to call especial attention for close attention to duty and a quick efficient method of performing it. I believe the service would be benefitted by his promotion. Colonel Wells S. Jones, commanding Second Brigade, has also shown close attention to duty and bravery in executing it.

The artillery of this division, under Captain F. De Gress, has performed efficient service.

Brigadier General J. A. J. Lightburn was wounded on the 24th of August, while near the lines of his troops, by a stray bullet from the enemy, causing him for the present to be absent from the front.

I would respectfully call attention to the marked and distinguished service of this division on the 27th of June, at Kenesaw Mountain, and on the 22nd and 28th of July, before Atlanta, with the hope, in behalf of the brave officers and men who participated in those engagements, that just and proper consideration be given by those who were present and can speak of what they saw.

Inclosed will be sent a sketch+ of the field of the 31st, also the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

I must also task the indulgence of my commanders for calling attention in this report to the subject of "attacks of the front of an enemy in position," since the accurate shooting rifle has replaced the random firing musket, since troops now when in position protect their persons by shelters against bullets, and since they can be no longer scared from the line, but see safety in maintaining it, and citing as an evidence of the disproportion of advantage in these contests the battles of the 28th of July, when the enemy attacked under such circumstances, leaving of his dead in front of this division 320, while he killed along the same front but 12, and on the 31st of August, when he left over 200 dead, and killed of us but 11.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.114.

+To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

