
exception of an occasional small cleared field; the distance was about three miles and a half, and our advance was resisted all the way, particularly on the right. Division reached a high wooded hill about 400 yards in rear of Camp Creek, overlooking Resaca and the railroad bridge, about 4.30 p.m. The ground along Camp Creek partially cleared, with all the dead trees on fire to prevent them being used as cover for our skirmishers. The division went into position on the hill under a heavy fire, and not without considerable loss. The enemy's guns were plainly visible, as well as their colors, in their main works. We rested here for the night and prepared position for our batteries, which were put into position before morning. Saturday, May 14, heavy skirmishing commenced at daylight and continued until about noon, when orders were received from General Logan to make a feigned attack on their works, as a movement of the enemy was apparent to mass his force on our extreme left. At about 4.30 o'clock received orders to send one brigade to assault a slight elevation cross Camp Creek, and not more than 400 or 500 yards from the enemy's main works along the railroad, in conjunction with a brigade from the First Division. Knowing that the elevation was full of rifle-pits, and that Camp Creek could only be crossed at one or two points, there was some doubts about the success of the assault. The signal was given, and the First Brigade, General Giles A. Smith commanding, moved forward at double-quick amidst a loud creek some crossed on logs, but the greater number waded and found the water up to their waists. The enemy evidently thinking the movement meant an assault on the main works, delivered a volley and retired from the hill, and immediately opened upon it with shell from four different batteries. General Smith reformed his brigade and moved rapidly to the brow of the hill, but before he could get his lines adjusted the shelling ceased and a strong force of the enemy advanced to dislodge him from the hill. After a fight at close quarters for about three-quarters of an hour the enemy gave way, and they again opened with their artillery. The second attack appeared to be an attempt to turn General Smith's right. The Second Brigade, General Lightburn commanding, was ordered to his support. General Lightburn moved his brigade at double-quick over, and a part of them through, the creek, and formed on General Smith's right, with his right resting near Oostenaula River, and immediately opened fire. The enemy's assault continued until 2 minutes past, 8 when they gave way at all points. The division was intrenched at this place before morning. Sunday, May 15, heavy skirmishing all day. Monday, May 16, the enemy's skirmishers commenced to withdraw at 3 a.m. They were closely followed into Resaca and most of them captured. After brisk skirmishing, about daylight the party left to fire the wagon road bridge was driven away and the bridge saved. At 12 m. moved down and crossed the river at Lay's Ferry and camped two miles beyond, having marched twelve miles. Tuesday, May 17, moved from camp at 7 a.m., skirmishing all day; the enemy used some artillery; Captain De Gress replied with his 20-pounders, doing good work; marched eleven miles and camped at McGuire's. Wednesday, May 18, broke camp at 9 a.m., marched twelve miles, and camped at Woodland. Thursday, May 19, broke camp at 7 a.m., marched six miles, and camped at Kingston until May 23. Monday, May 23, broke camp at 6 a.m, marched nineteen miles, and camped on Euharlee Creek, at the crossing of the Rome

