
and Van Wert road. Tuesday, May 24, broke camp at 9 a.m., marched eight miles, and camped on Cane Creek, on the Van Wert and Dallas road. Wednesday, May 25, broke camp at 9 a.m.; camped two miles and a half west of Dallas; marched eight miles. Thursday, May 26, advanced on Dallas at 10.30 a.m. At 4 p.m. marched through Dallas, met the enemy's skirmishers one mile and a half west of town, formed line, and camped for the night. Friday, May 27, intrenched; skirmishing all day. Saturday, May 28, at 5 p.m. the enemy assaulted our lines and were handsomely repulsed with heavy loss; the assault lasted fifteen minutes. Sunday, May 29, skirmishing all day. Monday, May 30, Lieutenant-Colonel Myers killed; skirmishing all day. Tuesday, May 31, heavy skirmishing; enemy opened at 6 a.m. with artillery; at 8 a.m. quiet restored.

Wednesday, June 1, division moved to the left and relieved Major-General Butterfield's division at New Hope Church; marched six miles. Thursday, June 2, remained in camp until June 5. Sunday, June 5, rebels evacuated. Advanced skirmishers at 5 a.m., and took possession of works. Division moved at 10 a.m. to Burnt Church, on the Acworth road, and camped; marched seven miles. Monday, June 6, marched at 7 a.m.; reached Acworth at 11 a.m.; camped one mile beyond Acworth; marched eight miles; camped at Acworth until June 10. Friday, June 10, advanced three-quarters of a mile and constructed works and placed batteries in position. Remained in reserve until June 13. Monday, June 13, moved to the support of the First Division. Tuesday, June 14, division in reserve. Wednesday, June 15, moved to support the attack of the Fourth Division; De Gress' 20-pounders in position, fired quite rapidly. Thursday, June 16, moved to the support of the First Division. June 17 and 18, skirmishing. Sunday, June 19, enemy evacuated their works last night; moved forward, and occupied the works under a heavy fire of artillery from the enemy on Kenesaw Mountain. Remained in camp and continuous skirmishing until June 26. Sunday, June 26, moved to the right and in front of Little Kenesaw Mountain. Monday, June 27, the division, with Colonel Walcutt's brigade, of the Fourth Division, assaulted the enemy's works on Little Kenesaw Mountain-Walcutt's brigade on the left, General Giles A. Smith in the center, General Lightburn on the right. Colonel Walcutt's brigade moved first, and the opening of the enemy's fire on him was the signal for the other two brigades to advance. The line moved about 8 a.m. and advanced steadily, with a strong line of skirmishers, but, owing to the extreme density of the underbrush, it was impossible for skirmishers to keep in front of their lines. Found the enemy's line of skirmish pits about 400 yards from their main works, and killed or captured most of their skirmishers. After passing a deep swampy ravine, the line fixed bayonets, advancing, moved steadily and rapidly for the enemy's works amidst a shower of shot and shell; officers and men fell thick and fast. In addition to the steepness of the ascent, trees had been felled, and brush and rocks piled in such a manner as to make it impossible to advance with any regularity, but the line pushed forward until the right and left was within thirty paces of the enemy's main works, when the line staggered and sought cover as best they could behind logs and rocks. Some of the men of General Giles A. Smith's brigade fell inside the enemy's works. General Lightburn's brigade, on the right, had to pass through a swamp and dense thickets, where the men sunk to

