
their knees; coming suddenly out of the swamp on to the enemy's skirmishers, killed and wounded quite a number of them, and captured 2 officers and 36 men. Colonel Barnhill, commanding Fortieth Illinois, and Captain Augustin, commanding Fifty-fifth Illinois, were killed on the hill near the enemy's works; Colonel Rice, Fifty-seventh Ohio was wounded on the hill (leg amputated); Colonel Spooner, Eighty-third Indiana, lost an arm, and Colonel Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio, severely wounded in the leg. A good line of rifle-pits was made in one hour, in some places within 100 yards of the hill. At dark the command was withdrawn. Tuesday, June 28, division in reserve until July 2.

Saturday, July 2, broke camp at 4 a.m., moved on Sandtown road to the right, and relieved a division of the Twenty-third Corps; marched eleven miles. Sunday, July 3, ordered to push the enemy's skirmishers; First Brigade moved down the Sandtown road to Widow Mitchell's, the Second Brigade to Ruff's Mill, on the Nickajack Creek. General Lightburn found the enemy with artillery, strongly posted on the east side of the creek. A section of Battery B was sent to his assistance, which soon silenced the enemy's guns. The brigade charged across an open field, routed the enemy, and occupied their works; casualties, 2 killed and 45 wounded. Monday, July 4, moved to the support of the Sixteenth Army Corps. Tuesday, July 5, enemy evacuated works, and retreated to the river; moved six miles on Turner's Ferry road and camped; remained in camp until July 8. Friday, July 8, marched three miles and camped on the right bank of Nickajack Creek. Saturday, July 9, built works. Sunday, July 10, enemy evacuated; occupied their line of works. Monday, July 11, moved at 11 a.m. on the Sandtown road; marched seven miles and camped. Tuesday, July 12, marched eight miles and a half and camped. Wednesday, July 13, moved at 2 a.m., marched fourteen miles and camped near Roswell Factory. Thursday, July 14, marched three miles, crossed the river and camped; remained in camp until July 17, and built works. Sunday, July 17, marched seven miles and camped at Cross Keys. Monday, July 18, moved at 5 a.m. down the Stone Mountain road, and struck the Augusta railroad; the Second Brigade destroyed one mile and a half of the road; camped on Peach Tree Creek, having marched sixteen miles. Tuesday, July 19, moved at 5 a.m.; enemy opened on the town with one piece of artillery. Wednesday, July 20, at 5 a.m. advanced on the main Atlanta road; encountered enemy one mile west of Decatur; drove him three miles. Thursday, July 21, built works. Friday, July 22, the enemy evacuated their works last night; pushed skirmishers forward and occupied the works with our main line at 6.30 a.m.; the First Brigade on the left and Second Brigade on the right of the railroad. The skirmish line was pushed well forward, supported by two regiments and a section of Battery A, First Illinois Light Artillery. The works were then reversed, and Battery A, First Illinois Light Artillery, placed in position, two guns on the right and two on the left of the railroad, which at that place runs through a deep cut, and Battery H, of the same regiment, on the extreme right of the line. At 2 p.m. skirmishers reported the enemy forming in our front, and at the same time three regiments were taken out of the line and sent to the rear to protect

