
our train and hospital, and the line lengthened to cover the ground from which the regiments had been withdrawn, leaving us without any reserve or support for the batteries. At 2.30 p.m. the enemy advanced in three lines; the skirmishers fell back on their support, who held the position until the enemy approached quite near, when they fired one volley, which checked their advance, and then fell back to the main line. The enemy reformed and advanced on our main works. The first line was handsomely repulsed and sought cover in a ravine and behind a large house in front and to our right. This drew the fire in that direction, and the artillery was directed to fire on the house. The rapid discharges of artillery caused such a smoke that the second line advanced along and through the railroad cut unobserved, and he thus succeeded in breaking our line near the center, causing it to break to the right and left, leaving all of our artillery (ten pieces) in the hands of the enemy. The line was reformed at the works we had occupied in the morning, and, with the assistance of one brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps, charged and took the works and 6 of the 10 guns lost, and capturing 1 stand of colors and 130 prisoners. Casualties, 63 killed, 200 wounded, and 419 missing. Saturday, July 23, remained in same position, building works and destroying railroad, until July 27. Wednesday, July 27, moved to the right, marched ten miles, and camped at 10 p.m. west of the Atlantic and Western Railroad. Thursday, July 28, went into position at 3 a.m. on extreme right of the whole army. At 8 a.m. moved forward about two miles, conforming to the movements of the Fourth Division, when the enemy was discovered in position on a high ridge. Skirmishers were pushed forward, taking possession of the ridge, on which our line was immediately formed. The enemy opened fire from a section of artillery, and a strong line of skirmishers was pushed forward to take possession of the next ridge. At this time, 12 m., the enemy advanced in strong force, driving our skirmishers and attacking our main line furiously. The action lasted six hours, the enemy making as many distinct assaults, each time being repulsed with tremendous loss. He almost succeeded at one time in turning our right flank, but the timely arrival of re-enforcements prevented his success. During the action our men improved the few moments between each assault in throwing up rocks, old logs, &amp;c., as a sort of breast-works, with the help of which they were enabled to hold the position against the furious and persistent assaults of the enemy with greatly superior numbers. Toward the close of the action our men fought with the energy of despair. They were completely exhausted, the muskets so heated that they could no longer be fired, and hope had almost died within them, when the timely arrival of other troops encountered them to hold on until the enemy retreated, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. Many prisoners, wounded, and a large quantity of small-arms fell into our hands. We buried 320 of the enemy's dead in our front. Our loss was 12 killed and 119 wounded. Friday, July 29, building works. Saturday, July 30, moved to Sandtown road and relieved a division of the Twentieth Army Corps. Sunday, July 31, in camp until August 2.

Tuesday, August 2, built and occupied new line of works. Wednesday, August 3, all quiet until August 7. Sunday, August 7, attacked and drove in the enemy's pickets and occupied their works. Monday, August 8, built works and advanced line until

