
Ohio, severely wounded. This gives Dodge a position about one mile and a quarter east of Nickajack Creek. He has one brigade of Schofield on his left, and Morgan L. Smith's division on his right and rear. The cavalry and infntry demonstration on the Turner's Ferry road reached a point, as they thisn, half a mile* from Nickajack, and found it tolerably well fortified, with four guns in position. This brought the infantry to a halt, and they have not advanced since. They will, howeve, hold all the ground they have gained, and be ready to try the strength of the enemy's works, if it is deemed desirable. I have about 15,000 men across the creek with Dodge, and Logan's two divisions (Osterhaus' and Harrow's) in reserve at the forks of the road. They got in late and completely worn out. I do not think more than half of the divisions arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.

Major- Geenral SHEMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Gordon's, on Turner's Ferry Road, Ga.,

July 5, 1864- 9 p. m.

GENERAL: I send you herewith sketch+ of the position of the Army of the Tennessee to- night. Early this forenoon Gresham's division, of Blair's command, charged and carried a line of rebel rifle- pits on the Turner's Ferry road, and then pressed forwardutil about 6 p. m. they gained a position on Nickajack Creek, within about 500 yards of rebel intrenchments on the Chattahoochee. Leggett's divisin moved down to Howell's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee. Leggett's divion moved down to Howell's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee; drove erecting fifle- pits; left a brigade there and four 24- pounder howitzers (brass), and then moved up the river toward the mouth of Nickajack Creek and connected with Gresham. We have had some pretty lively skirmishing and a good deal of artillery firing. The enemy appear to have strong works north of the Chattahoochee, but if they remain where they are to- morrow Ithink we can punish tham severely, as I am getting batteries into position to- night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commadning Military Divisin of the Mississippi.

BLAKE'S MILL, GA., July 18, 1864- 9.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Inclosed please find sketch++ of my position to- night and copy of Special Field Orders, No 70, paragraph VI, from these headquartes.! In pusuance of this order, the different commands were in motion promptly at the hour dewignated, the Seventeenth Corps closing up on the Fifteenth, and the Fifteenth and Sixteenth

---------------

*Reads a mile and a half in Howard's quotation from this report: see p.37.

+ Not found; but see sketch with McPherson to Schofield, July 5, Part V, which is probably a duplicate.

++ Not found.

!See Part V.

---------------

