
August 11. Thursday, August 11, enemy attempted to capture picket-line, but failed. Friday, August 12, all quiet up to August 17; Brigadier General W. B. Hazen assumed command of the division.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOFLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 465.

Report of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 13-June 27.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Kingston, Ga., May 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, under my command, in the engagements before Resaca, Ga., on the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant:

At 2 p.m. on Friday, the 13th, my brigade having formed line of battle, occupying the left of your division at the intersection of the Calhoun Ferry and Resaca roads, and about two miles from the latter place I received your order to advance. The ground in my front was very rough, being a succession of hills and ravines, covered with heavy timber, and in many places the underbrush being so dense as to render an advance in line very difficult. The enemy's skirmishers were posted on every ridge, and driven back from hill to hill as we advanced. By 5 o'clock we had gained a position along the edge of an open field through which ran Camp Creek. The enemy having been driven to the opposite side, occupied a strong position on a ridge of hills directly in our front. By your order my skirmishers were pushed forward, reaching the creek at two or three points and reporting it at those points impossible. In this position the brigade rested during the night.

On Saturday, the 14th, the skirmishers, were all advanced until they reached the creek, and reported two or three places where logs or driftwood enabled them to cross. About 3 o'clock, in obedience to your order to show my force and make a diversion to prevent the enemy in our front from sending re-enforcements to our left, I advanced the One hundred and eleventh Illinois, the Fifty-seventh Ohio, and the Sixth Missouri Regiments to the creek, our skirmishers gaining some ground on its opposite bank. Although the high banks afforded partial cover to the men, still they were considerably exposed to the fire from the enemy from the hills in our front. At 5 o'clock I received orders from you that the hills in our front, from which the fire of the enemy was very annoying, were to be carried, and that my brigade, with General Woods' brigade, of the First Division, were designated to make the assault. I accompanied General Logan to General Woods' quarters, where the final dispositions were made and the signal for starting agreed upon. My line was formed as follows: The One hundred and eleventh Illinois, Colonel Martin, on the right; the Fifty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Rice, on the left; the Sixth Missouri, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Deusen, in the

