
center; with the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, Lieutenant -Colonel Frank S. Curtiss, and the One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel A. Froman, in reserve. Orders were given for the three regiments forming the advance line to cross the creek and form under the opposite bank preparatory to the general advance. At 6 o'clock, General Woods having formed his brigade on my left, the whole moved forward an gained the crest of the hill, driving the enemy from the position, which was a rude breast-work of logs hastily thrown together. To extend my line farther to the right and prevent any flank movement from being attempted, I ordered up my two reserve regiments and placed them on my right, and also withdrew the Fifty-seventh Ohio from the hill they first ascended and placed them on the left of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, then occupying my extreme right. I ordered the pioneer corps to report to Colonel Rice, who immediately set them to throwing up a slight work, and sent orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss to have a few men from each company strengthen his log-works by throwing on such loose logs as lay close around, keeping the men prepared for an attack which I was momentarily expecting. In the mean time the skirmishers were well advanced, covering our whole front, and Lieutenant-Colonel Curtiss was directed to deploy a company on his right flank, and to support them with three companies, to provide against any attack from that quarter. These dispositions were scarcely made when our skirmishers were driven in, followed closely by the enemy, who had massed a large force in our front, and seemed determined to retake the position at all hazards. Colonel Rice, Fifty-seventh Ohio, in whose immediate front they were advancing in column by regiments, opened a murderous fire on their closed columns, delivering his fire by rank, and with deadly effect. Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, stationed on Colonel Rice's right, opened a cross-fire on the same column; other portions of the line on the left also delivered a well-directed fire on their right flank, notwithstanding which they had advanced to within thirty yards of our line before they were checked, and then only falling back to reform and renew the attack, threatening my right flank. They were again repulsed, and again rallied for another onset. I immediately dispatched an aide-de-camp to you for re-enforcements, but before reaching you, you had already discovered the danger and ordered General Lightburn's brigade to cross the creek and take position on my right, which he did at a double-quick and a cheer, that evidenced to my men that their right was no longer in danger. Another attack of the enemy was repulsed, and after some more desultory firing the enemy retired about 8 o'clock. I forgot to mention that General Woods, at my request, sent me about dark five companies of the Thirty-fifth New Jersey, which were posted behind my line as a reserve. During the night good works were constructed along our whole line, and by daylight the place could be held against any force that might be sent against it. I also received word from General Logan, by one of his staff officers, that any re-enforcements required would be immediately furnished, but the danger for the night seemed to be over, and after disposing my forces properly, I deemed them sufficient to hold the position.

Sunday, the 15th, was occupied in strengthening our works and planting batteries commanding the greater portion of the enemy's works and the railroad bridge at Resaca. Monday morning found

