
their works evacuated, and our troops took possession about daylight, and by 9 o'clock the whole army was moving in pursuit of the enemy.

This was the first fight of the One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers, having lately been assigned to my brigade. Both officers and men acquitted themselves in a manner highly creditable. Colonel James S. Martin, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Black, and Major William M. Mabry, the three field officers, are all deserving and efficient officers.

The One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel Frank S. Curtiss commanding, assisted by Major T. W. Chandler, rendered good service in assisting to repel the enemy's assaults on the evening of the 14th, delivering their fire by battalion in splendid style.

Lieutenant Colonel A. Froman, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, was severely wounded while crossing the creek.

Of Colonel A. V. Rice, Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, I cannot speak in too high terms. It was his regiment against which the assaulting column of the enemy, composed of six or seven regiments in close column, was mainly directed. Colonel Rice awaited their near approach, without one man in his line faltering, and then delivered his fire by rank at the word of command, and with a coolness and precision seldom equaled by any troops. He was ably assisted by Lieutenant Colonel S. R. Mott, whose gallantry was conspicuous throughout the engagement.

Captain Addison Ware, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Hill, acting assistant inspector-general; Nelson Patterson, acting aide-de-camp, and Edwin H. Moore, aide-de-camp, rendered me great service, freely exposing themselves at any risk whenever their presence was needed.

My orderlies, Privates Oscar Little, William E. Stevens, and --- Douglas, Eighty Missouri Volunteers, and Orion P. Howe, Fifty-fifth Illinois, were also very useful.

The loss of my brigade was 2 commissioned officers and 21 enlisted men killed and 6 commissioned officers and 93 enlisted men wounded. A complete list of casualties* is herewith transmitted:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 25, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, under my command, from the 16th of May, 1864, to the 25th of June:

On the afternoon of Monday, the 16th of may, my command moved, with your division and Fifteenth Army Corps, in pursuit of General Johnston's retreating army, crossing the Oostenaula River at Lay's Ferry, and passed the Sixteenth Corps three miles south of the river. We arrived near Dallas, by way of Adairsville and Van Wert, on the night of the 24th instant, our advance having considerable

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

