
skirmishing all the way. At 11 o'clock on Thursday, the 25th [26th], my brigade being in advance, we moved toward Dallas, encountering the enemy near that town. Line of battle was formed and batteries brought into position, when, after some cannonading, the enemy withdrew, our forces entering the town. About 4 o'clock I received your order to move forward on the Villa Rica road, but had not proceeded more than three-quarters of a mile before we again encountered the enemy's skirmishers posted in a thick wood. Five companies of the One hundred and Sixteenth Illinois were deployed, and, notwithstanding the stubborn resistance of the enemy, drove them some distance. My brigade was formed in line of battle and more skirmishers sent out, and my line advanced, and at night intrenched within 400 or 500 yards of their works, General Hardee's corps being intrenched in our front. Captain Thomas White, commanding One hundred and sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, a brave and accomplished officer, was killed while gallantly urging on his men. My position was strengthened during the next day. Saturday, the 28th, about 3 p.m. our whole line was assaulted. The enemy were repulsed with heavy loss; ours slight. The position was held until June 1, when my brigade, with the Fifteenth Corps, moved about four miles by the left flank, relieving the Twentieth Army Corps. On the night of the 4th of June the Fifteenth Corps moved south to Big Shanty, my brigade having the advance. We met the enemy near that point. Our lines were established, with some skirmishing, but during the night they withdrew to their main works, about one mile back. They were closely pressed until the night of the 18th, when they again in the advance, your division moved out to discover their present whereabouts. As we approached the mountain, a battery was opened upon us from its top, bursting shell along our advancing column, and doing some damage. By your order, I formed line of battle in a piece of woods facing the mountain, my right near the railroad; the Second Brigade, General Lightburn's, forming on my left. Other troops soon came up on my right and left. This line has been intrenched, and our pickets, after a sharp skirmish, now occupy a line well up the side of the mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH,

Commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, under my command, in the assault of the enemy's works near Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864:

On the afternoon of Sunday, the 26th, orders were received to withdraw, at dark, from our position in front of Kenesaw Mountain, and move to the right, passing the Sixteenth Corps, and occupying a position vacated by the Fourteenth Corps. Early on Monday

13 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

