
Both officers and men of my command acquitted themselves nobly, and are entitled to all the credit due to brave and gallant soldiers.

A list of casualties is inclosed.*

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Commanding Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 466.

Reports of Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations July 22 and 28.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July [24], 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the engagement with the enemy on the 22 instant:

Receiving an order from division headquarters at 2 p.m. to take my reserves, composed of the One hundred and sixteenth and One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois and Sixth Missouri, and report to General Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, the command of the two regiments occupying the works, the Fifty-seventh Ohio and Fifty-fifth Illinois, was turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Mott, the One hundred and eleventh Illinois being in an advanced position as support for the pickets. He being in command during the assault, I beg leave to submit his report of that period of the engagement. I reported with my reserve to General Harrow, and immediately after being assigned to position received a second order to march on the Decatur road and report to General Dodge, which I did, and was again placed in position, soon after which I was informed by General Logan that our lines were broken and your driven back, and ordered to report immediately back to my command. I informed the commanding officers of regiments of the reserve of our division, and gave the command to forward to its support, which was obeyed on the double-quick. On arriving in the open field in front of our first line of works I formed line and charged the works. We were repulsed in the first charge by an enfilading fire from the right, but again reformed, and drove the enemy from our works, recapturing 2 pieces of artillery, taking 1 stand of colors, and some 30 or 40 prisoners. The One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers was intrenched some distance in front as a support to my picket-line. They held the works against two brigades, fighting nobly until both flanks were turned, when they fell back in good order, and reformed behind the main works. Fifty dead rebels are reported in front of their position.

Officers and men of the entire command did their duty, with a bravery unsurpassed. I must make particular mention of Lieutenant Samuel R. Riggs, commanding Company E, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, for his bravery in capturing a stand of colors, and request that same be returned to him.

My staff officers-Captain Addison Ware, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain Edwin H. Moore, acting assistant inspector-general;

---------------

*Shows 4 officers and 20 men killed, 6 officers and 122 men wounded, and 2 men missing; total, 154.

---------------

