
No. 467.
Report of Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from May 3, 1864, the commencement of the campaign, up to the fall of Atlanta, Ga., in compliance with Special Field Orders, No. 117, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee. There having been no regular journal kept at headquarters First Brigade, the report is made up from private journals and the official reports of actions:

The brigade broke camp at Larkinsville, Ala., May 1, 1864, and marched to Bellefonte, Ala., distance ten miles. May 2, marched to within four miles of Stevenson, Ala., distance about ten miles. May 3, marched to Bridgeport, Ala., distance fourteen miles. May 4, marched to Whiteside's Station, Tenn., distance ten miles. May 5, marched to Lookout Valley, Ga., distance twelve miles. May 6, marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills, Ga., distance fifteen miles. May 7, marched to Gordon's Gap, Ga., distance sixteen miles. May 8, marched fourteen miles, passing through Gordon's Gap. May 9, marched ten miles, passing through Snake Creek Gap, the enemy's pickets being driven during the day. May 10, the brigade moved into position and erected works. Remained in this position during the 11th and 12th instant. May 13, 1864, engagement before Resaca, Ga.

I avail myself of the reports of General Giles A. Smith, then commanding the brigade, of the part taken by this command in that engagement, and covering operations of the brigade up to June 27, 1864.*

The brigade remained in this position until the afternoon of June 26.

Again I avail myself of report of General Smith, giving the operations of the brigade in the assault on Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864.+

From June 28 to July 2 we remained inactive in camp. July 2, the brigade moved some nine miles to the right of the Twenty-third Corps, on the Sandtown road, and occupied a position near Ruff's Mill, on Nickajack Creek. July 3, skirmished with the enemy, driving him beyond Nickajack Creek, and taking up a position near Widow Mitchell's house, on the Green's Ferry road, at which place they were relieved by a portion of the Seventeenth Army Corps, after which we returned to the camp occupied the night before. July 4, moved to the left, crossing Nickajack Creek at Ruff's Mill, to the support of the Sixteenth Corps. The brigade was not engaged. July 5, moved to the right, on the Turner and Mason's Ferry road, and went into camp about five miles from the ferry, and remained until July 8. July 8, moved to the front, and occupied a position in front of the enemy, between the Twentieth and Seventeenth Army Corps, and erected breast-works, in which position we remained until July 11. The enemy evacuated on the night of the

---------------

*For Smith's reports of May 22 and June 25 (here omitted) see pp. 190,192.

+See p.193.

---------------

