
coming together by heads of column at the Widow Rainey's, and the infantry (Fifteenth Corps) reacing a point about one mile from Braman's [Browing's] Court- House, just as the last brigade of the cavalry was passing. The cavalry under Brigadier- General Garard pushed on and struck the railroad, and five regiments were set to work to destroy it. A brigade of infantry (Lightburn's), of Morgan L. Smith's division, was also sent down, and the two forces together thoroughly destroyed over theree miles of track, upsetting the ties, breaking the iron loose, piling up the ties, putting the iron on top, and setting fire to the pile. The whole of the Fifteenth Corps was marched to the immediate vicinity of Braman's [Browning's] Court- House, the Sixteenth to the point ndicated on the map, and the Seventeenth to Blake's Mill, to be used as a reserve to reenforce either flank in case the enemy advanced or was found in strong force. There being no water in the vicinity of Braman's [Browning's] Court- House, just before dark, after the brigade returned from the railroad, the Fifteenth Corps marched to Henderson's Mill and went into camp. There is no telegraph line along the railroad. During our operatins we saw no indictions of any heavy force of the enemy; nothing but cavalry, which fell back and disappeared readily on our approach. Inclosed please find copy of report just received from General Garrard.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commandig Military DIvision of the Mississippi.

IN THE FIELD, July 21, 1864- 3 p. m.

GENERAL: Brigadier- General Leggett, acommanding THird Divisin, Seventeenth Army Corps, advanced his lines ad captured a hill, quite a commanding position, this forenoon; also, some 60 prisoners, pricipally from Clebrune's divisin. General Leggett is on my extreme left. The Fourth Division (late Gresham's) made a demonstratin at the same time in favor of Leggett, and the loss in the two divisions is between 260 and 300 killed and wounded. The hill is two and a quaerter miles from Atlanta, and a portin of the enemy's works arond the town are in view. The enemy made one vigorous assault and two feeble attempts to recapture the hill, but were signally repulsed. Since that time he has been moving troops in the direction of our left. General Leggett reports having seen at least ten regiments of infantry passing in that directin. I have strengthened that portion of the line with all the available troops I have got, and I will simply remark in closing, that I have no cavalry as a body of observati on my flan, and that the whole rebel ary, except Georgia militia, is not in front of the Army of t eCumberland.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major- General.

Major- General SHERMAN,

Commanding.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 808.

---------------

