
I soon discovered that the enemy was making such headway on my right as to drive the picket-line connecting my command with the Second Brigade, and having fears that they might succeed in getting in my rear, [and] thereby cut me off from support, I withdrew the One hundred and sixteenth Illinois and placed them to the right of the Fifth-seventh Ohio, the position occupied by the pickets, where they did good execution. The attack of Clayton's division, though obstinate, was repulsed in fine style. In front of the Fifty-seventh Ohio the enemy approached to within ten yards of our works. Ammunition running short, bayonets were fixed to receive them. They did not give us an opportunity to use them, for they turned and fled. Half an hour later we were subjected to another assault, this time by General Anderson's division, which, as with the first, was repulsed, they coming equally as near as Clayton's division. Bayonets were fixed by the Fifty-seventh Ohio and Fifty-fifth Illinois, but were not needed. General Anderson led his division, and was severely wounded within thirty yards of our works. This is corroborated by rebel officers accompanying a flag of truce in the evening. The conduct of the four regiments engaged, especially the Fifty-seventh Ohio and Fifty-fifth Illinois, who bore the brunt of the assault, was such as to excite the admiration of all who witnessed it. Too much cannot be said in praise of Lieutenant-Colonel Mott, Fifty-seventh Ohio, who, suffering from a badly sprained ankle, infused his men with such courage and determination that it would have been next to an impossibility to have driven them from their works. To particularize further would be asked of them. Among the results of the day, some 80 or 90 prisoners, unharmed, and 58 badly wounded, also 2 battle colors, were secured. During the night of the 1st of September 120 of their dead were buried, and several were left unburied when we marched in pursuit of the enemy on the morning of September 2.

September 1, demonstrated with our pickets by advancing them, and by cheering and firing from our main line in favor of the Fourteenth Corps, moving down the railroad. September 2, advanced the pickets at daybreak and found that the enemy had evacuated during the night. At 8 a.m. we moved in pursuit of the enemy to near Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon railroad, and at which place the railroad was thoroughly destroyed for half a mile by the brigade. It them went into camp in reserve. September 3, still in the same position. September 4, erected works to the left of the railroad. September 5, at 2 p.m. to-day occupied the works erected yesterday to cover the movement of the corps as it withdrew from the enemy's front. September 6, at 1 a.m., the corps having passed, the brigade was withdrawn and marched to Jonesborough, occupying our old works at 4 a.m. September 7; withdrew from this position at 7 a.m. and marched to Morrow's Mill and bivouacked for the night. September 8, moved to East Point, where we are now encamped.

Accompanying this I send official list of casualties,* also regimental reports, all of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain G. LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.]

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.114.

---------------

