
Numbers 468.

Report of Captain Cyrus M. Browne, Fifty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations June 16 - September 5.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Camp near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, dated September 4, 1864, I have the honor to transmit herewith a detailed report of the operations of this command during the campaign ending with the fall of Atlanta.

The Fifty-fifth Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, arrived at Big Shaunty, Ga., June 16, 1864, on return from veteran furlough, and reported to General Giles A. Smith for duty in the field, with a present effective strength of 300 commissioned officers and enlisted men.

The enemy having evacuated their first line of works, the regiment advanced on the morning of the 19th of June, under command of Captain J. M. Augustin, to the base of Kenesaw Mountain, losing 1 man killed from the artillery fire of the enemy, and on the 20th June fortified their position. Here the regiment remained, constantly skirmishing with the enemy and exposed to artillery fire, until the night of the 26th of June, losing 3 men wounded. On the morning of the 27th - having the previous night marched 4 miles to the right - the regiment participated in the assault on Kenesaw Mountain. In this charge the regiment nearly succeeded in gaining the enemy's works, but being subjected to a deadly cross-fire, and its commander, Captain Jacob M. Augustin, being shot dead while urging on his men, they were compelled to fall back with the remained of the brigade to the edge of a ravine, and held the position until dark, when they were withdrawn. The loss during the day was as follows: 2 captains killed, 1 captain and 2 lieutenants wounded, 12 enlisted men killed and 30 wounded.

July 2, the regiment, under command of Captain Francis H. Shaw, marched eight miles to the right to support General Schofield. July 3, they were engaged skirmishing with the enemy, driving their cavalry one mile from their front across Sweet Water Creek. July 4, they supported the Sixteenth Army Corps in the advance, and from July 5 to the 8th remained in reserve. July 8, they moved two miles to the front, on Nickajack Creek, and intrenched on the 9th. July 11, the regiment marched eight miles to Sweet Water Creek, to cover the right flank of the army, and on the 12th moved eight miles to the left, passing through Marietta at daybreak of the 13th, and thence, seventeen miles, to Roswell. July 14, the regiment crossed the Chattahoochee River and fortified their position. July 17, they advanced six miles to Nancy's Creek, and on the 18th marched five miles toward Stone Mountain. July 19th, they tore up the track of the Augusta railroad and marched to Decatur, seven miles. July 20, they moved three miles along the railroad toward Atlanta, and intrenched during the night. July 22, the regiment advanced half a mile, occupied the enemy's works, and remodeled them hastily. At 3 p. m. they sustained an assault from the enemy, and, after two hours' action, repulsed them, having been temporarily forced to fall back in consequence of being flanked on the right. The regiment made three distinct charges, and finally suc-

