
ceeded in regaining the works. The loss sustained in this action was: 1 lieutenant killed, 3 enlisted men killed, 14 enlisted men wounded, and 16 enlisted men missing, including the color bearer and the colors. July 27, the regiment marched twelve miles to the extreme right, and on 28th advanced one mile and a half, and were attacked at 12 m., repulsing the enemy after four hours' action. Our loss in this engagement was 1 lieutenant wounded, 5 enlisted men killed, and 11 enlisted men wounded. From this date until August 3 the regiment participated in the advance movements on the enemy's works, throwing up three lines of earth-works.

August 3, in an advance of the pickets the regiment was ordered to charge and take possession of a ridge occupied by the enemy; the ridge was taken and fortified at night, with a loss of 1 lieutenant and 2 enlisted men killed and 3 enlisted men wounded. On the 4th of August I assumed command of the regiment, and from that date until August 26 they were engaged in advancing their lines and in constructing earth-works in the face of the enemy, losing during that time 4 enlisted men killed and 5 enlisted men wounded. On the night of the 26th we evacuated our works and marched to the right fifteen miles, and fortified on the 27th. August 28, we advanced and occupied the West Point railroad, threw up works, and destroyed the track. On the 30th the regiment advanced across Flint River, skirmishing with the enemy from Shadna Church, and threw up works by night, and on the 31st moved forward with the brigade half a mile, occupied and fortified a hill, and at 2 p. m. were vigorously assaulted by the enemy in four distinct charges, and repulsed them after two hours' action, losing 3 enlisted men killed and 9 enlisted men wounded, and capturing a large number of prisoners and arms.

September 1, the regiment made demonstration in aid of attacking columns on the left, sustaining a loss from sharpshooters during the day of 2 enlisted men killed and 4 enlisted men wounded. The enemy having retreated during the night, the regiment on the 2nd joined in the pursuit.

Our total losses during the campaign just closed are as follows, viz: Commissioned officers - killed, 4; wounded, 4. Enlisted men - killed, 34; wounded, 76; missing, 16. Total, 134.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS M. BROWNE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN T. McAULEY,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 469.

Report of Captain John S. Windsor, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 116TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, from headquarters Department of the Tennessee, September 4, 1864, I have the

