
honor to forward the following report of the operations of the One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry since leaving Larkin's Landing, Ala., May 3, 1864:

With 19 commissioned officers and 363 enlisted men, under command of Lieutenant Colonel A. Froman, the regiment marched to Resaca, Ga., participated in the assault and fight of May 14, losing Lieutenant-Colonel Froman, mortally wounded, and 2 enlisted men killed and 6 wounded. From here we marched to Dallas, Ga.; was in front of the Second Division on the 26th of May, and drove the enemy's skirmishers back to their main works, with the loss of Captain Thomas White, then in command of the regiment, who was killed, and Lieutenant James H. Glore and 6 enlisted men wounded. The command of the regiment then fell upon Captain J. S. Windsor. Participated in the fight of the 28th of May without sustaining any loss. The regiment then marched to New Hope Church, losing 1 enlisted man on the skirmish line. From there we marched to Big Shanty, Ga. Was on the line in front of Kenesaw Mountain; our loss there was 6 enlisted men wounded. We were engaged in the assault of June 27 against the rebel works. The regiment lost 2 enlisted men killed and 25 wounded, Lieutenant John H. Miller receiving a slight wound. In the various flank movements the regiment shared the fortunes of the brigade, finally crossing the Chattahoochee River at Roswell on the 14th of July. Marching thence to the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, assisted in its destruction. On the 20th of July took position on the line before Atlanta. Participated in the fight of 22nd of July, capturing a stand of rebel colors. The regiment lost 5 enlisted men killed and 16 wounded and 2 missing, Captain John E. Maddox being captured. From the left flank we moved to the extreme right, and was engaged in the battle of the 28th of July, with a loss of 5 enlisted men wounded. Here we buried in our front 85 dead rebels, and picked up 185 stand of small-arms. Captain George A. Milmine, Lieutenant Samuel R. Riggs, and 2 enlisted men were seriously wounded on the skirmish line on the 18th of August. On the 31st of August we were on the skirmish line near Jonesborough, when the enemy made an assault, driving us back to our support. I was then ordered by Colonel Jones, commanding the brigade, to fill up a gap between our works; this order was promptly obeyed. Our loss during this day's engagement was 2 enlisted men killed and 8 wounded, since which time the regiment has not been engaged.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. WINDSOR,

Captain, Commanding 116th Illinois Infantry.

Captain J. T. McAULEY,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 470.

Report of Captain Charles Schryver, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 127TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, September 4, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the One

