
marched six miles and camped at Big Shanty until the 19th, when we advanced our lines two miles, and remained until the 26th. We then moved with the division five miles toward the right, and on the 27th was engaged in the assault of the enemy's works at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, in which action we lost 1 commissioned officer and 9 men killed and wounded. Although this assault was repulsed, yet the ground charged over was held, and earth-works thrown up in face of a heavy fire, and to this movement was owing, in a great measure, the evacuation of his position by the enemy soon after.

July 2, were ordered to advance toward the right; marched ten miles and fortified. On the 3rd the regiment was ordered forward as skirmishers, and after driving the enemy two miles were relieved by the Seventeenth Army Corps, they having the advance. On the 4th advanced three miles; 5th, six miles. On the 8th moved three miles into position. On the 11th, the enemy having evacuated Kenesaw Mountain, we advanced eight miles to Sweet Water Creek, and on the 12th we were ordered to the left and marched twelve miles; 15th, fortified. 17th, advanced eight miles; 18th, nine miles, and destroyed Western and Atlantic Railroad near Stone Mountain. On the 19th marched twelve miles, to Decatur. 20th, advanced three miles, skirmishing. On the 22d, the enemy having retired, we advanced and occupied their first line of works, soon after which the battle of the 22nd of July commenced. On this occasion the regiment, being in reserve, was ordered to the left to re-enforce the Sixteenth Corps; afterward still farther to the left to re-enforce the Seventeenth. Returning, we joined in the charges of the First Brigade to retake our own works, which had been carried by the enemy in our absence, two other regiments (One hundred and sixteenth and One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois) having been withdrawn with us. This being accomplished, the enemy were repulsed at every point. Our loss was heavy, inasmuch as General McPherson was killed. The loss of the regiment was 3 men wounded and 2 men missing. On the 24th the regiment, with the Eighty-third Indiana, was detailed to conduct and guard prisoners, 900 in number, to Marietta. Returned on the 26th, having marched forty miles. On the 27th marched nine miles to the right, and on the morning of the 28th three miles, and went into position, where we were immediately attacked by the enemy in strong force and with desperate determination. The battle lasted until 4 p. m., they making six distinct charges. He was repulsed every time with great slaughter. The loss of the regiment in this action was 2 killed and 6 wounded. The 29th was occupied in strengthening our position. 30th, advanced one mile and threw up works.

August 1, constructed new line of works one mile in advance, and occupied them on the 2d. Remained in this position, with constant skirmishing and picket-firing and a slight advance of the skirmish line, until the night of the 26th, when we joined in the general movement to the right and rear, and against the enemy's line of communications, striking the Montgomery railroad some fifteen miles from Atlanta on the 28th, having marched twenty-four miles. Having assisted in effectually destroying this road, the regiment, on the morning of the 29th, was ordered on a reconnaissance, and scoured the country for two miles, south and west, without any important discovery. On the 30th advanced thirteen miles, to the Macon railroad, contesting every mile of the way with a large body of the

