
enemy's cavalry, gradually driving them before us, and going into position after dark near Jonesborough. On the 31st the regiment being held in reserve, was thrown out as skirmishers to protect the left and occupy a gap between ours and the Seventeenth Corps. From the pits in the field occupied by the regiment the enemy could be plainly seen forming his lines and preparing for the assault which soon followed, but the attack was made farther to the right, and mainly on the First Brigade, thus leaving the regiment out of the action. Our loss for the day was 5 men wounded.

On the 1st of September occupied works in support of section of Company A, First Illinois Artillery; lost 1 commissioned officer, killed in the works by sharpshooter. On the morning of the 2d, the enemy having retreated, pursued him five miles. Remained there until the night of the 5th, when, having destroyed the railroad, we retired and went into camp at East Point September 8.

The regiment has lost during the campaign: Commissioned officers - killed, 3; wounded, 2; missing, 1; total, 6. Enlisted men - killed, 6; wounded, 58; missing, 3; total, 67; making an aggregate of 73, which, added to the number mustered out and discharged by reason of expiration of term of service, leaves the present effective strength of the regiment as follows: Field and staff, 4; line officers, 4; enlisted men, 108; aggregate, 116.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

DELOS VAN DEUSEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Infantry Missouri Veteran Vols.

Captain J. T. McAULEY,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 472.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hildt, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 21 - September 8.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp at East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit report of the action of the Thirtieth Regiment in campaign from May 21 to the present time:

After our return from veteran furlough, joined brigade at Kingston, at which point we remained in camp one day, and marched on the morning of the 23rd for Dallas. May 24, passed through Van Wert. May 25, marched and camped this side of Dallas. May 26, formed line of battle in afternoon and went into Dallas, closely following a few cavalry who acted as rear guard. General Giles A. Smith moved forward soon after, and met the enemy in force a short distance from town. We were ordered to support him just before dark. May 27, skirmished all day and dug rifle-pits all night. May 28, the enemy charged our works to-day at 5 p. m., and were fatally repulsed; their dead and wounded left in front of the pit in great numbers. Our opponent was Bate's division, of Hardee's corps. Our losses were 1 officer and 5 men slightly wounded. May 29, at 10 p. m. a rapid fire aroused us, on our left, in front of Osterhaus, and to his left. It was rapid and determined, and continued with very little intermission until 3 a. m. We lost, killed,

