
during the night, Second Lieutenant Thomas K. White, a sergeant promoted, but not mustered. May 30, no change of lines to-day; heavy skirmishing all day; our loss, 2 privates wounded. May 31, moved out of line of works, being relieved by the Fifty-fourth Ohio, and in the evening, with the Eighty-third Indiana and Fifty-seventh Ohio, were formed as a reserve force to support the Fourth Division, on the right, preparatory to the evacuation of the entire line of works.

June 1, moved with entire Army of the Tennessee to relieve Hooker on our left, who, on being relieved, moved still farther to the left, toward the railroad; took our position in skirmish line in front. June 2, were relieved from duty in front by the Forty-seventh Ohio, and fell back in rear to support them; no troops on our right except those of the Army of the Tennessee; all others have gone to the left. June 3, relieved the Thirty-seventh Ohio at the front this a. m. at 4.30 o'clock. June 4, were relieved by Thirty-seventh Ohio at daylight, and took position in rear. June 5, relieved the Thirty-seventh Ohio at the front, and found soon after that the rebels had retreated during the night. advanced skirmish line to the main line of their works and found a few prisoners and negroes, who stated that the enemy had left at 10 o'clock last night, with five trains of wounded, for Marietta. Commenced following the enemy at 9 a. m., moving around their works, on their right, and camped at 5 p. m. June 6, marched and camped south of the town of Acworth, in position. June 7, remained in position to-day. June 8 and 9, in camp. June 10, marched three miles this morning in direction of Marietta; formed line, and advanced half a mile in line of battle; camped and intrenched ourselves during the night. June 11, remained in position all day. June 12, in trenches. June 13, moved this morning at daylight to the left and front about one mile and a half. June 14, in position. June 15, moved at 2 p. m. toward the left, formed in double column, and remained in full view of the enemy until after dark, when we returned to the position formerly occupied. June 16, moved out to support Osterhaus at 10 a. m., and at 11 a. m. five companies, or left wing of regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hildt, were detached to report to Big Shanty Station, relieving a portion of the Eighth Missouri, their term of service having expired. One of Company B had his left leg taken off by a rebel shell, and died during the night. Moved a short distance out of range. June 17 and 18, in camp. June 19, rebels gone - evacuated their works and fell back to the base of mountain. We advanced under a heavy artillery fire to a good position on the last rise of ground this side of the mountain ascent. June 20, weather wet; the left wing joined this evening (was relieved by Second Iowa), and we intrenched ourselves during the night. June 21, still raining; the line of works completed. June 22, in trenches; rebels threw shell very near us from the position on Kenesaw Mountain; has the effect of plunging shot; no protection even in the trenches. June 23, in trenches. June 24, skirmish line advanced to-day to near top of mountain. Company E, being on the line, lost 1 man killed and 3 severely wounded. Fell back during the evening to original position. June 25, a few shots from the mountain; the rebels showing themselves a little more plainly. June 26, moved at 8 p. m. to the ground occupied by the Fourteenth Corps, on our right, and camped closed en masse. June 27, moved at 8 a. m. to the south point of Kenesaw Mountain, where threw out a company of skirmishers and passed over our works and the

