
First Division, occupying theirs toward those of the enemy. Moving, as soon as all were over, by the right flank a short distance, then forward, guide right, to the thicket, across a small stream, met considerable fire, both of artillery and musketry, but the losses were small. Formed line in the thicket, and drove the enemy from a rifle-pit near its edge, capturing a few prisoners. Moved forward again to the crest, at which point we received a heavy fire from their works. We halted and returned it for a few minutes, when the Eighty-third Indiana, on our right, moved back to the thicket, and we fell back to the line of rebel pits, a short distance in advance, bringing Lieutenant White, killed, and Lieutenant McIntyre, seriously wounded. At this point we were enfilade b the enemy's artillery. Captain Chamberlain had his head taken off by a percussion shell, which exploded afterward, taking off both his arms. Captain E. Warner, wounded in foot, besides a number of non-commissioned officers and men. We again fell back across the run to the edge of the thicket in front of our works, where their fire was more destructive than before, a shot passing through a color-corporal, tearing both arms of the color-sergeant and both legs of another corporal, and pieces wounding men in all parts of the line in the process of being formed. An order was then given to fall back to our line of works by small squads and reform, which was done without any serious loss. An hour afterward an order was received from General Lightburn, commanding brigade, to return to our position in the thicket, which we did without loss, and remained until 9 o'clock, when we were relieved, and returned to the camp left in the morning. A short time before sundown a tremendous artillery fire passed over us both ways from the enemy's batteries and our own, but as few shots were directed at the thicket we suffered but little. June 28, moved to a small stream a short distance in rear of line, and camped to rest. June 29, in camp. June 30, inspection and muster to-day.

July 1, in camp. July 2, marched this morning at 4 a. m. and relieved the Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, on right of army, eleven miles from camp. July 3, ordered out at 8 a. m. to support the Fifty-third Ohio, who were feeling for the enemy in our front. continued skirmishing until 3 o'clock, when we were ordered forward and charged across an open field, with brigade, half a mile in extent. We were badly shelled in passing over it, and the proportion of shell wounds was largely in excess of those of musketry. The enemy fell back, taking with them their battery before we could get across a mill-dam, afterwards ascertained to be Ruff's Mill, on Nickajack Creek. Were relieved by a portion of the Sixteenth corps at 8 p. m., and returned to the camp left in the morning. July 4, moved at 3 p. m. across the creek at Ruff's Mill, and supported the Sixteenth Army Corps, as they made an advance on a line of works; that night we were not under fire. July 5, moved at 8 a. m. back across the creek to our right, on road to Atlanta, about five miles, and rested. Ordered out in the evening one mile in advance of brigade, with De Gress' battery, and camped with the battery in position, guarding it, on eminence from which we could see the steeples of the city of Atlanta, apparently about eight miles distant, situated on a high level plain. A rebel fort in the valley below, one mile and a half distant, near the ford of the river, to which our battery paid their attention. July 6, the battery made some splendid shots to-day; still in camp. July 7,

14 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

