
Numbers 438.

Reports of Major General John A. Logan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Tennessee, of operations July 22.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., July 24, 1864.

I have the honor to report the following general summary of the result of the attack of the enemy on this army on the 22nd instant: Total loss, killed, wounded, and missing, 3,521 men and 10 pieces of artillery. We have buried and delivered to the enemy, under flag of truce sent in by them, in front of the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, 1,000 of their killed.

The number of dead in front of the Fourth Division, of same corps, including those on the ground not now occupied by our troops, General Blair reports, will sewell the number of their dead on his front to 2,000. The number of their dead buried in front of the Fifteenth Corps up to this hur is 360, and the commanding officer reports as many more as yet unburied, burying parties being still at work. The number of the dead buried in front of the Sixteenth Army Corps, 422. We have 1,000 wounded of theirs in our han ds, the larger number of their wounded being carried off during the night after the engagement by them. We have also captured 18 stand of colors, and have them now. We have also captured about 5,000 stand of arms. The attack on our lines was made seven times, and sven times repulsed. Hood's and Hardee's corps and Wheeler's cavalry engagedus. We have sent to the rear 1,000 prisoners, including 33 commissioned officers of high rank. We still occupy the field, and the troops are in high spirits. Adetailed and full report will be forwarded as soon as completed. Recapitulation; Our entire loss, 3,521; enemy's dead thus far reported buried and delivered to tem, 3,220; total prisoners sent North, 1,017; toatl prisones wounded in our hands, 1,000; estimated loss of the enemy, at least 10,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major- General.

Major- General SHERMAN,

Comanding Military Division of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of so much of the battle of July 22, in front of Atlanta, as took place after the command of the Army of the Tennessee devolved upon me, in consequence of the unfortunate death of Major- General McPherson. To properly understand the action after I assumed command, the disposition of the troops, together with the occurrences up to that time, are essential. I may, therefore, not improperly state them:

On the morning of July 22 the Army of the Tennessee was the left of the army, and occupied a position extending across the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, about a mile and a half from the enemy's works on that side of Atlanta. The troops were disposed as follows: The Second Division of the Sixteenth Corps was in

