
moved with battery to a position below occupied by one attached to Seventeenth Army Corps; they went still farther to the front. July 8, moved to the left in afternoon about two miles and a half, passing Twenty-third Army Corps on our route. July 9, moved at 4 p. m., joined brigade in position at the front. Intrenched ourselves during the night. July 10, ordered to move at a moment's notice. July 11, moved at 11 a. m. about five miles to the right, and camped in the woods. July 12, marched at 4.30 p. m. ten miles, and camped at 11 p. m. three miles from Marietta. July 13, marched again at 2 p. m., passed through Marietta before daylight, and camped for the night at sundown in a fine meadow, near Roswell. July 14, moved at 3 p. m. through the town of Roswell, across the Chattahoochee, to an elevated position and one easily defended, upon the crest of which we are now erecting works of great strength. July 15 and 16, in camp. July 17, moved at 5.30 a. m. about eight miles on the Decatur road, and camped near Stony Creek; met with no opposition from the enemy. July 18, marched at 5 a. m., and taking the Stone Mountain road, we advanced to the railroad near the station and demolished a large portion of the track from the station westward. Returning, camped about five miles from railroad, much jaded. July 19, marched for Decatur, and struck the railroad again on our route and destroyed the track as usual. A small squad of the enemy's cavalry tried to interfere with us, but failed; no losses; camped in the town of Decatur about sundown. July 20, advanced this morning in direction of Atlanta; deployed as skirmishers, with support from brigade; were frequently opposed by what was reported to be Wheeler's cavalry corps, but advanced to within three miles of Atlanta at 12 m., where we found them fortified in our front. July 21, lying in reserve to-day behind our batteries, who managed to keep the rebels quiet. July 22, rebel works on our front evacuated during the night, and we possessed them and employed ourselves leisurely during the morning in changing them. At 1 p. m. a heavy [firing] was heard on the left, and the works were ordered to be put in complete order as rapidly as possible. The firing came gradually nearer, and at 3.30 an attack was made upon us by Hindman's division, of Hardee's corps. They occupied the works on the left of our brigade, and each regiment in succession in our brigade fell back. We being partly sheltered by the brick house on our left, remained some time afterward with the hope to save De Gress' battery, in position on our right, but were compelled finally to leave them in the hands of the enemy, and fall back also to the line of works we left in the morning, where we formed and moved forward to retake the battery, but were compelled to again fall back. Another attempt shortly after was successful, and we occupied the works, with the dead bodies of the enemy strewing the ground in front in great numbers. We lost a number of prisoners. July 23, in camp in trenches. July 24, 25, and 26, in camp. July 27, moved this morning at 3.30 a. m. to the right; passed the entire army, and camped on extreme right at 10 p. m. July 28, moved out this morning at 5 a. m. to get into position; met the skirmishers of the enemy two miles from camp and drove them until 8 a. m., when we took position, as he seemed disposed to attack. A few rails were gathered up and arranged to shield the men, and at 11 a. m. this assault commenced and continued until dark, when he withdrew, leaving us in quiet possession of the field and his great numbers of killed and

