
on the left of Second Brigade, between Eighty-third Indiana and Forty-seventh Ohio. In this position we gave the enemy a flank fire as they advanced against the First Brigade, in position on our left, and almost at a right angle with our line. The loss of the enemy here again was quite heavy, ours scarcely nothing; employed the greater part of the night in improving our works, building abatis, &amp;c.

September 1, in trenches. At 5 p. m. an attack was made on the left by the Fourteenth Corps, which extended to our front, by rapid skirmishing, but nothing more. September 2, the enemy gone this morning, and we marched into Jonesborough. Moved down the railroad about five miles and found the enemy occupying an eminence in our front, protecting their train moving from Atlanta. A loud noise, supposed to be an explosion, was heard last night in direction of Atlanta. In reserve to-day. Destroyed the railroad to-night. September 3 and 4, in camp. September 5, occupied a line of works on an eminence in our rear at 2 p. m. Moved again tot he rear at 11 p. m., and camped near Jonesborough, behind the works a part of the brigade had occupied during the charge of the enemy August 31. September 6, in camp; formed line at 4 p. m. to repel the enemy, reported to be advancing through town. They did not come within range. September 7, moved at 7 a. m. toward East Point, and occupied a line of works erected by the enemy the night of August 30, at a mill. September 8, moved at 8 a. m. and reached East Point at 11 a. m., camping in line of battle by brigade.

With much respect, I am your obedient servant,

GEO. H. HILDT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirtieth Ohio Veteran Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. T. McAULEY,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 473.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel R. Mott, Fifty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, September 4, 1864, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the Fifty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, from May 3, 1864, to the fall of Atlanta, Ga., including the operations at Jonesborough:

May 3, 1864, marched from four miles west of Stevenson, Ala., to Bridgeport, Ala.; distance, fourteen miles. May 4, marched to Whiteside's Station, Tenn.; distance, ten miles. May 5, marched to Lookout Valley; distance, twelve miles. May 6, marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills; distance, fifteen miles. May 7, marched to miles, passing through Snake Creek Gap, lying on our arms all night, the enemy's pickets having been driven through the day. May 10, moved into position and fortified. Remained in this position during 11th and 12th. May 13.- I can do no better, nor could a more accu-

