
rate description of our movements be given, than I find in the official report of Colonel A. V. Rice, who was then in command of the regiment, whose language and report I adopt without alteration:

Under orders from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, we moved from Sugar Valley toward Resaca. Arriving at a point where the road forks to Calhoun Ferry, we took position in line of battle on the Calhoun road, on the left of our brigade and division, General Wood's brigade, of the First Division, joining us on the left. A line of the skirmishers, under command of Captain George D. McClure, Company A, were immediately thrown forward. At 1 p. m. an advance was ordered. The skirmishers moved forward in good order over the open field, followed by the line of battle. We gained the crest of the wooded hill and halted for a moment, then moved forward and by the left flank for three-quarters of a mile, being ordered to dress to the brigade on our left, the skirmishers engaging and driving the enemy the while. Again we halted for an hour, when, the skirmishers having driven the enemy off the hills in front, we moved forward over a most rough and rugged country to the edge of the woods fronting the enemy's works, across a partially cleared bottom field, through which ran Camp Creek, our left resting near the main road to Resaca. At this time my adjutant, First Lieutenant W. M. Newell, received a painful wound in his left eye while conveying an order to the skirmishers, which deprived me of his valuable services for twenty-four hours. Here I must mention the gallant action of our skirmishers, and those of the First Brigade, First Division, all under command of Captain George D. McClure, Company A, Fifty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, supported by Company G, Fifty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant John Doncyson. On taking the hills last mentioned the skirmishers pushed rapidly forward, driving the enemy closely, taking a section of artillery just to our left, which fell into the hands of General Woods. Company A being out of ammunition, Captain John A. Smith, with Company K, relieved Company A, and in a gallant manner kept the enemy in check until dark. A picket was now sent out, under command of First Lieutenant H. Stone, of Company H, and twelve men of Company C.

We lay on our arms during the night, and were in line of battle at daylight of May 14, when picket-firing commenced briskly. Nothing more of importance transpired in our front until 1 p. m. Mean time, from 9.30 a. m., a furious battle raged on our left, with seeming doubtful results. At this time I received an order from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith to advance our skirmishers, with the rest of the brigade, across Camp Creek, 150 or 200 yards in front, and to advance our line of battle accordingly. This was promptly obeyed, charging across the open field with arms right shoulder shift, and at double-quick. The Fifty-seventh Ohio starting first, and the movement being so sudden, the enemy was somewhat surprised. Resting here for a few moments, we again pushed forward our pickets through an almost impassable growth of wild roses, thorn, underbrush, and fallen timber to beyond a second creek or bayou. Our line of battle was immediately moved up through these heavy obstacles to easy supporting distance of the skirmish line, all the while under a sharp fire. The efficient manner that Lieutenant Stone conducted his skirmishers in these advances, and during the day, deserves mention. Thus matters remained until 5.30 p. m., when we received orders to charge over the open field and to take and hold the hills 500 yards to our front, the First Brigade, First Division, and First Brigade, Second Division, to take part in the charge. Soon preparations were completed, and the bugle notes sounded "forward." With yells and shouts the enthusiastic troops went wildly over the field, under a terrible shower of lead, shot, and shell. I was instructed to hold my command at the foot of the hill to await further orders, but the war spirit so filled every breast that nothing was thought of but the occupation of the enemy's works on the crest of the hill; on and up the line of battle moved fearlessly and bravely. The enemy fled before us, and the gunners forsook their posts; the work was accomplished, and the position ours. Just at this juncture I received an order from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith to withdraw my regiment, for now the left of our brigade lapped over and in front of General wood's brigade, and to report with it to him 200 yards to the right, and at the base of the bald hill, which faced to the southeast. This was immediately done at double-quick and in good order, although the men sullenly left the rich prize of cannot they had captured to fall into other hands. At this moment the fighting was severe, and the whole heavens seemed to be split with bursting shells. Under the immediate direction of General Giles A. Smith and staff, we advanced and occupied the brow of the bald hill. Company C, under command of Captain John W. Underwood, was now sent forward as skirmishers. Mean time the pioneer corps of the Second Division, which had

