
May 17, marched to the extreme right of the army, the advance of the army driving the enemy to Adairsville and occupied the place. May 18, marched to near Kingston and encamped for the night. May 10, crossed the Etowah River and remained in camp until May 23; moved southwest from camp to within twenty miles of Kingston. May 24, marched through Van Wert, distance six miles. May 25, marched five miles, to a point near Dallas, Ga. May 26.- In relation to this action I use the report of Colonel A. V. Rice, who ten commanded the regiment:

At 11 a. m. of the 26th, under orders from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, we left our camp near Pumpkin Vine Creek, and moved toward Dallas about one mile (the Fifty-seventh Ohio being in the rear of the brigade), when the brigade formed line of battle, my command, by orders, remaining 200 yards to the rear, with Batteries A and B, First Illinois Light Artillery. As the line of battle advanced we followed, supporting the batteries. At 3 p. m. our forces occupied Dallas, Ga., and at 3.30 p. m. we marched into town. At 4.30 we moved in a southwesterly direction on the Villa Rica road one mile and a half, to where the road forks to Marietta, Ga. The First Brigade, Second Division, having the advance, met the rebel pickets and engaged them. We remained with Battery A during the night at the forks of the road, supplying the picket-line with ammunition from the ordnance train.

At 7 a. m. of May 27, by orders from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, I moved my command up to the brigade, and was placed in reserve to the rear of Battery B, having orders through the day to be ready to move at a moment's notice. May 28, remained in same position occupied yesterday until 4.30 p. m., when the rebels fiercely attacked Fifteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps (the Fifty-seventh Ohio being still in reserve). I was first ordered to move to the right to the support of General Harrow, of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. We had moved in this direction but a short distance when the Second Division was furiously assaulted, and I then received orders to assume the position I had left. In a short time I received orders from General Giles A. Smith to move to a hollow or ravine in our front, to the rear of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, our right to rest on our own brigade and on the main Marietta road. This was immediately done, all the movements being done under a sharp fire. An attack being anticipated at midnight, by orders, we were in line of battle at 11.30 p. m., and we so remained for two hours. May 29, remained in position behind our works; heavy picket-firing all day. Nothing further of importance transpiring on our entire line; this firing continued until daylight. May 30, remained in same position as yesterday, nothing transpiring of importance. May 31, our position remained unchanged until 1 p. m. An attack being anticipated on the right, the Fifty-seventh Ohio, Thirtieth Ohio, and Eighty-third Indiana, the remaining reserve regiments of the division, were ordered to the right and rear of the Fourth Division, all under command of Colonel Spooner, of Eighty-third Indiana. In the evening three companies (E, K, and B) of Fifty-seventh Ohio and three companies from Thirtieth and three from Eighty-third Indiana, under command of Lieutenant S. R. Mott, Fifty-seventh Ohio, were sent out as pickets. Lay on our arms during the night.

June 1, at daybreak, by order of Colonel Spooner, we withdrew half a mile to temporary works constructed the night before. At 7 a. m., by orders from General Giles A. Smith, we moved by the left through Dallas to near New Hope Church, to the position occupied by the Twentieth Army Corps, where we remained

