
until June 4. June 5, started for Acworth, where we arrived on the 6th, where we remained until June 10, 1864, when we started for Big Shanty. June 11, moved forward one mile; continued advancing slowly until June 27, when Second Division of Fifteenth Army corps was selected to storm Kenesaw Mountain, and, at 7 a. m., moved a short distance to the right and forward to within 600 yards of the rebel line was formed (the Fifty-seventh Ohio occupying the right of the advance of the First Brigade); skirmishers were thrown forward, and the line moved in close supporting distance. Through the first 150 yards the ground was thickly covered with underbrush, rendering it very difficult to keep the alignments perfect. This distance being passed we came to an almost impassable swamp, thickly covered with wild shrubbery and vines, rendering the advance in line a very difficult matter. Passing on for a distance of 150 to 200 yards through this swamp we came to the foot of the mountain proper, the enemy's pickets being driven before us, and many of them captured. here a short halt was made and the line reformed, and then [moved] forward through a rough, broken country, covered with thick under-growth and heavy timber, for distance of 250 and 300 yards, when we found ourselves within 75 to 80 yards from the enemy's works. The natural growth of timber was, from this point to the enemy's works, felled, forming a species of abatis, the difficulties of which to move troops over can never be known, save to those who were there and participated in that hard-fought action. The men were eager for the fray, and pressed onward through a terrible storm of shot and shell, grape and canister, to within about fifteen or twenty yards of the main line of works. At this juncture Colonel A. V. Rice, who was commanding the regiment, was severely wounded in the right leg, the left foot, and forehead. I was at this moment at the left of the regiment joining us on the left commenced falling back. I ordered my men to lie down but to hold their places, which they did (that is, Companies G, B, E, K, and H). Companies C, F, D, and I, owing to the severe fire on their front, the little protection afforded them, and the absence of the cheering of our beloved colonel in this trying moment, slowly fell back to the woods and there reformed. Not understanding why these companies had taken this position, I went down to inquire why a portion of the regiment was left under this terrible fire and the other withdrawn. When I learned that they had done so under orders brought by an orderly of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, who was repeatedly told to deliver his order to me, as Colonel Rice was wounded, I then brought Companies G, B, E, K, and H back to the position occupied by Companies C, F, D, and I; Company A, being within ten or fifteen steps of the enemy's works, could not at this moment be withdrawn, except at too fearful a sacrifice. They remained until night-fall, and crept our singly and alone, as best they could, joining the balance of the regiment. Under orders from General Giles A. Smith we intrenches ourselves and remained until about 10 p. m., when we left and assumed the position we occupied in the morning. I cannot complete my duty without making special mention of Captain George D. McClure and Lieutenant John D. Marshall. Sergeant Heaton, of Company D, Sergeant Francis, Company A, and Sergeant Winegardner, of Company C, deserve, for their action, some substantial acknowledgment from the Government. June 28, 29, 30, all quiet.

