
July 1, still occupying same position. July 2, moved nine miles to the right of the Twenty-third Corps. July 3, the enemy evacuate Kenesaw Mountain; pursue the enemy; moving on the Green's Ferry road, across Nickajack Creek, in support of Sixteenth Army Corps, and remain there during July 4. July 5, move on same road. July 6, take position on the right of the Twentieth Army Corps. July 11, moved to the right, on the Sandtown road, in support of General Stoneman, remaining there during the 11th. July 12, march to Marietta, and arrive at Roswell July 13. July 14, cross Chattahoochee River and fortify within two miles of Roswell, and remain there until July 16, when we start for Decatur, via Stone Mountain, arriving at Decatur July 18, having assisted in destroying the Augusta railroad, and remain here during the 19th. July 20, move toward Atlanta, three miles, skirmishing with enemy, where we built works, and remained during 21st. July 22, about 1 p. m. fighting could be heard on left, continuing for some time, with seeming doubtful result, when three regiments, Sixth Missouri, One hundred and twenty-seventh and One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, of First Brigade, Second Division, were ordered to support of Sixteenth Army Corps, leaving but two regiments (Fifty-fifth Illinois and Fifty-seventh Ohio) in line of battle, the One hundred and eleventh Illinois being in front, supporting skirmish line. About 3 p. m. the enemy attacked the picket-line, driving it back on the support (One hundred and eleventh Illinois), and finally forcing all back upon the line formed by Fifty-seventh Ohio and Fifty-fifth Illinois. On came the enemy, moving on us in column by regiment, four or five regiments deep, extending as far to the right and left as I could see. The picket-line being well in, and the enemy within easy range, I ordered my regiment to commence firing, and continued with such effect as to compel the enemy to withdraw from our front, with the exception of a small number, who had succeeded in gaining the outside of the works, when I ordered the firing to cease. I now observed that the firing was not so heavy on the right, and started in that direction to ascertain the cause. From the position I occupied, I could see that the enemy had succeeded in gaining the works to the right of the railroad, having compelled the Second Brigade to leave the works, and were now forming, to the number of, say, 500, a line of battle partially facing my right, when they opened upon my right and rear, and at a distance of not more than twenty-five paces. Thus placed, I deemed it expedient to change front, which fact I communicated to the commanding officer of Fifty-fifth Illinois, both regiments being under my command. Between my right and the left of the Second Brigade ran the Augusta railroad, and at this point was a cut of from five to fifteen feet deep. When I commenced the movement of change of front I found a large number of the enemy had passed through this cut in the railroad, and were now on my rear. Believing the movement impracticable, under this state of facts, I ordered both regiments to fall back. Reaching a ravine, I attempted to reform the line. The command being in some confusion, and the density of the underbrush being so great, I could not determine with any degree of certainty to what extent I was before the advance, where I reformed my line. Here I found General Smith and Lightburn urging some men forward. At this juncture Colonel Martin came up with the regiments that had been detached and sent to the support of the Sixteenth Army Corps. The

