
whole line being reformed, we advanced, and after some sharp work, retook our works. I desire here to state that the action of men and officers of both regiments, under my command, was all that could be desired, as every man remained at his post until ordered to fall back. I am of opinion that we could have held our line, if the brigade on my left had held their position. I shall now mention the manning of the section of artillery of Battery A, First Illinois Artillery, that was on the left of the railroad. I would that I knew the name of every man, that future generations might know to whom they are indebted for their liberties. July 23, 24, and 25, spent in burying dead, &amp;c. July 26, started for the right of the enemy, and got there on the 27th. July 28, taking position, on the extreme right of the army, at 10 a. m. we commenced advancing. Soon the skirmishers were engaged, and the enemy driven slowly until 11.30 a. m. Having succeeded in getting possession of a hill, we here found the enemy in force, advancing to meet us. Making hasty preparations to receive him, with a few rails and loose stones, we soon had what protection could be received from a line of works of this kind, only eighteen to twenty inches high. Assault followed repulse for seven long hours. The carnage was fearful, and the dead and wounded on the field told a tale that must clothe many hearthstones in mourning and sorrow. Officers and men behaved more nobly, if such a thing could be, than usual. To attempt to name specific acts of particular persons would enlarge this report to an unwieldy extent. I must, however, be permitted to mention the action of Corpl. Marion Beemer, of Company c, in supplying the regiment with cartridges, under the circumstances and dangers attendant, as being deserving of special mention. July 29, reformed lines and buried the dead. July 30 and 31, continual skirmishing all the time.

August 1, 2, 3, and 4, continue skirmishing and advancing slowly. On the 4th the regiment took part in a charge, carrying rebel rifle-pits, and fortify the position, where we remain until August 26. Moved to the right in the evening, marching all night and until 12 m. of 27th, reaching the Montgomery and Atlanta Railroad ten miles southwest of East Point. Remained here until morning of August 30. Moved on Macon railroad, where we arrived at 8 p. m., after continual skirmishing all day. August 31, met the enemy in force near Jonesborough, Ga., on the Macon railroad. Taking position on a fine range of hills, threw up slight works. The enemy, massing in front of our division and regiment, attacked us in four lines of battle. Owing to the conformation of the ground, the rebels could approach to within sixty to eighty yards of our line under cover. Here they formed their lines and came into full sight, when we opened upon them. Many fell, but with a stubbornness and determination that showed no value was attached to human life, the gaps were soon closed, as if by magic. Onward they came, with firm step and compressed lip, until they reached, in many places, five paces of our lines. Believing they were determined to come over, I ordered my command to fix bayonets. This command, together with its execution, they saw, and this, more than our shot, seemed to bring them to a realizing sense of their situation. To turn and retreat now to them was certain death. So I, twice during the engagement, ceased firing to enable them to come in as prisoners.

Having already exhausted my limited knowledge of descriptive works of praise in the many engagements in which the officers and

