
men of this regiment have won for themselves imperishable names, I can now only say, in commendation, that they are heroes, patriots, and war-worn veterans that a nation in her most beneficent gratitude can never repay. This closes the action that resulted in the fall of Atlanta, in which it has been the honor to the Fifty-seventh Ohio to participate. I feel that I have not done the regiment justice in this hurried and much lengthened report. As they have borne with my frailties on former occasions for my remissness of duty, I can but hope they will do so again. The short space of time allowed would not permit that the half should be told.
Casualties: Commissioned officers - killed, 1; wounded, 5; missing, 3. Enlisted men - killed, 22; wounded, 101; missing, 74. Total, 206.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteers.

A. A. A. G., 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 474.

Reports of Brigadier General Joseph A. J. Linghtburn, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 9 - June 27 and July 28.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the advance upon and occupation of Resaca, Ga.:

On the morning of the 9th instant I marched from camp near Snake Creek Gap to the head of Sugar Valley, at a point where the Dalton road crosses the Resaca road, took position, and deployed skirmishers. At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 10th my skirmishers were engaged, which lasted until 1 p. m. without any change in our position. On the morning of the 11th, pursuant to orders, withdrew from my position, leaving my skirmish line supported by Colonel Benjamin J. Spooner, Eighty-third Indiana Volunteers, to a partially intrenched position one mile and a half to the rear, formed my line, and completed the intrenchment in my front. On the morning of the 12th moved forward and took up my formed position, where I remained during the day and night, with no signs of the enemy in our immediate front. On the morning of the 13th moved forward to another cross-road, two miles from Resaca, formed line of battle at 10 a. m., advancing in line of battle in the direction of Resaca, driving the enemy's skirmishers, until we arrived at Camp Creek, overlooked by a ridge in the immediate vicinity of the enemy's main works, and occupied by a strong line of skirmishers protected by logs and temporary works. Finding Camp Creek and the ground on the opposite side impracticable to advance in line, I ordered the Thirty-seventh, Forty-seventh, and Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers, comprising my first line, to cover themselves as best they could, but, owing to the elevated position of the enemy, the Thirty-seventh and Fifty-third Ohio were exposed to a galling fire. About this time I received instructions from the general commanding the division to withdraw my line to a more covered position in the woods if I thought

