
I could do so without greater loss than remaining in my present position until after dark. Upon consulting Colonel Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel von Blessingh, Thirty-seventh Ohio, I thought best for these regiments to remain until after dark. When firing ceased I withdrew them to a cover position in the woods, leaving a strong line of skirmishers on the line of Camp Creek. Skirmish firing commenced on the morning of the 14th at daylight, and was briskly kept up all day, my command remaining in the position taken the night before until 6.30 p. m., when I received orders to support Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, who had taken possession of the ridge in our front and across Camp Creek, which I did, moving my command in double-quick time across the creek, and forming on General Giles A. Smith's right, with the right of my skirmish line resting on the Oostenaula River, which position I intrenched during the night. Skirmishing commenced at daylight on the morning of the 15th, which was kept up all day without any change of position.

The enemy having evacuated Resaca on the night of the 15th, I moved forward on the morning of the 16th to the enemy's works, from whence, pursuant to orders, I marched to in the direction of Rome, and crossed the Oostenaula. The 17th, 18th, and 19th were occupied, without anything special occurring, in marching to this point, where we arrived in the afternoon of the 19th. During the entire march and skirmish all the officers and men of my command behaved handsomely. Our rapid advance to the support of General Giles A. Smith was under a heavy fire of musketry, canister, and shell, but none faltered or fell back, and, with the exception of two or three privates who fell in the creek, wetting their ammunition, all were in their places when the line was formed.

Casualties: Commissioned officers - killed, 1; wounded, 3. Enlisted men - killed, 7; wounded, 75.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Big Shanty, Ga., June 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command from the time of leaving Kingston, Ga. (up to which time my last official report included) to the present date:

Pursuant to orders, I marched from Kingston on the morning of the 23rd of May, in the direction of Rome, Ga. On the 23d, 24th, and 25th I was employed in marching from Kingston to near Dallas, meeting with little or no resistance by the enemy. On the 26th encountered the enemy's pickets near Dallas, formed line of battle, and advanced into Dallas without resistance, the enemy's pickets falling back. Marched through Dallas, on the Marietta road, encountered the enemy's pickets again, making a stubborn resistance one mile south of Dallas; formed line of battle, and, during that night and the next day (27th), covered my entire front with rifle-pits, which were connected on my left by Brigadier General Giles A. Smith's (First)

