
in the main line by three regiments from First Brigade. About the time the Fifty-fourth reached Colonel Jones the enemy appeared advancing in line of battle from the woods in his front, driving the command back, and engaging my whole line. In the first advance the enemy turned my right, forcing my men from the top of the ridge. At this time two regiments of the Fourth Division were sent to my assistance, when the ridge was retaken and held during the engagement and subsequently intrenched. The engagement, as well as I recollect, commenced at 11.30 a. m. and lasted until 5.30 p. m., most of which time the firing was incessant.

The officers and men behaved well; the regiments sent out to occupy the ridge in the open field came back broken, but were rallied in the main line and fought well.

My loss was light. From the number of dead found the next day in our front, the enemy's loss was heavy.

A list of casualties giving name, rank, and nature of wounds will accompany this report.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th A. C.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 475.

Reports of Colonel Wells S. Jones, Fifty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,In Front of Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade in the action before Atlanta on the 22nd of July:

About 3 p. m. I received an order from General Lightburn placing me in command of the brigade. I was at that time about half a mile in front of the main line of works, supporting one line of skirmishers, who were not more than 500 yards from the enemy's works, and in plain view of Atlanta. My instructions from General Lightburn were that I would soon be attacked, and that I could either retire to the main line of works there or wait until i was compelled to retreat. I gave orders to the two regiments under my command, the Fifty-third Ohio and One hundred and eleventh Illinois Volunteers, together with the section of artillery, to remain in the position they then occupied until our skirmishers were driven in, and then to open fire on the enemy, and hold their position until the enemy appeared to be flanking us. We had fired but a short time when I saw the enemy to our left and rear advancing in heavy force. I ordered the artillery to fall back to the main works and followed it with the infantry. When I entered our works I found the Second Brigade in the works on the north side of the railroad, with its left resting on the railroad. All the regiments were placed in the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed, 1 officer and 61 men wounded, and 6 men missing; total, 71.

---------------

