
front line but seven companies of the Fifty-third and two companies of the Forty-seventh Ohio, which were placed in reserve. Very soon the entire front line became engaged. The enemy were found to be steadily approaching our works and the reserve companies were all ordered forward into the works. The enemy soon seemed to fall back from the right and center of the brigade, but about this time moved a heavy force up the road, and got another column into the railroad cut. The smoke from our battery, it being near the road, entirely hid them now from our view until they were crossing the works on each side of the battery. Soon after this the head of their column began to emerge from the railroad cut, about seventy-five yards in our rear. The men near the road being no longer able to hold their position fell back in considerable confusion. I attempted to form a line on my right, but I could not succeed. After failing in that I tried to form line in the low ground, about 400 yards from the works, but could succeed in getting but a few men together. I determined then to not attempt to reform until we reached the works we had left in the morning. I gave orders accordingly. After gathering up all men we could find we advanced again to retake our works. I advanced part of my line nearly to the works, but was driven back some 400 yards. We soon again advanced and retook our works, turning the artillery that the enemy had taken from us on them, and capturing some 80 prisoners. Our loss is as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 1; enlisted men, 20; commissioned officers wounded, 4; enlisted men, 90; commissioned officers missing, 6; enlisted men, 204. Most of the missing were undoubtedly taken prisoners. About 600 muskets were picked up by my brigade in its front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GORDON LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade in the campaign against Atlanta:

On the 1st day of May this command left its winter quarters at Larkinsville, Ala., and marched toward Chattanooga, Tenn., following the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Arrived at Rossville, Ga., on the 6th of May. Nothing worthy of notice occurred on this march. Here we received orders to turn over all extra baggage, and have it sent to Chattanooga. On the afternoon of the 6th of May we marched again, having left behind all the tents and almost all the camp and garrison equipage belonging to the command (the transportation having been reduced to three teams to the regiment), camped at Lee and Gordon's Mills. May 7, marched again and went into camp at night near Taylor's ridge. May 8, marched fifteen miles and encamped near Villanow. Here we first saw indications of the enemy being near. May 9, marched through Snake Creek Gap, and went into camp in rear of the Sixteenth Army Corps. May 10, moved forward into works constructed

