
the night before. Here our skirmishers first met the enemy. May 11, we remained in works. May 12, marched one mile to Sugar Valley, formed line of battle, and bivouacked until morning. May 13, marched at 6 a. m. without transportation or knapsacks; were in advance of the entire army, except Kilpatrick's cavalry, which marched just before us. Marched about two miles, when the cavalry having been engaged and repulsed by the enemy near where Dalton and Calhoun Ferry road crosses the Resaca road, and were ordered forward on the double-quick, and formed line of battle, with the left of the brigade resting on the Resaca road, fronting southeast. skirmishers were thrown out in front and on the right flank. Remained in this position, skirmishing with the enemy until about 12 m., when a division of the Sixteenth Army Corps formed on our right, relieving our skirmishers on that flank. At 1 p. m. advanced in line of battle, with two regiments in reserve; drove the enemy's skirmishers about a mile through very thick woods. Just as our line of battle emerged from the woods the regiment on the right was fired into by the enemy, who were about 400 yards distant, on the south side of the Oostenaula River, and behind temporary rail-works. The enemy were soon driven from their works, and our line again advanced until we came near Camp Creek, which was less than a mile from Resaca. The line halted at the edge of a field, which extended to the creek bottom, charged across this field, with skirmish line supported by the Fifty-third and Thirty-seventh Ohio Regiments, and drove the enemy out from among the fallen timber and behind the trees to their rifle-pits on the opposite side of the creek. May 14, brigade charged across Camp Creek bottom and formed on the right of the First Brigade just at dark, and intrenched during the night not more than 500 yards from the fortifications at Resaca. We remained in this position, skirmishing with the enemy, until the morning of the 16th of May, when the enemy were found to have evacuated Resaca during the previous night. The brigade lost in this action: Killed, 2 commissioned officers and 19 enlisted men; wounded, 5 commissioned officers and 104 enlisted men. May 16, after marching into Resaca, the brigade marched to Lay's Ferry, crossed the Oostenaula River, and went into camp in rear of the Sixteenth Army Corps. May 17, marched early in the morning, being the advance of the Fifteenth Army Corps; soon came upon a brigade of the enemy's cavalry, which retreated in the direction of Rome, Ga. Flowed them all day, skirmishing with them. Bivouacked at night twelve miles north of Rome. May 18, marched through Adairsville, and bivouacked ten miles north of Kingston. May 19, marched to Kingston and went into camp, where we remained until May 23, when we marched again in direction of Dallas. May 26, encountered the enemy near Dallas, formed line of battle, threw forward skirmishers, and advanced line until the enemy entirely disappeared from our front. Marched through Dallas by the flank, following the Marietta road. Came up with the enemy about one mile east of Dallas, when skirmishers were thrown out, and two regiments of the brigade were reserve. May 27, constructed rifle-pits near the skirmish line, and moved forward three regiments into them. The other regiments were formed about 200 yards in rear of this line as a reserve. Our skirmishers were engaged with the enemy's all day. May 28, about 3 p. m. the enemy charged on our works with very heavy column, but were repulsed with great loss.

15 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

