
The officers and men engaged deserve great credit for the courage and coolness they exhibited in repulsing this charge. May 19, skirmished all day with the enemy, and about 10 p. m. the enemy again charged our line, but were very easily driven back to their work. We remained in this position until June 1, when, with our corps, we withdrew. Our loss in action near Dallas was: Killed, commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 14; wounded, commissioned officers, 6; enlisted men, 64.

June 1, marched through Dallas to the position occupied by the Twentieth Corps, near New Hope Church, where we relieved a brigade of that corps, placing three regiments in the rifle-pits and the remaining three in reserve. Remained in this position, skirmishing with the enemy every day until June 5. The enemy having evacuated during the night of the 4th, our skirmishers occupied his works at daylight. Loss of the brigade near New Hope Church was: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 5 enlisted men. June 5, marched in northeasterly direction and bivouacked in an open field. June 6, marched directly east, reached Acworth about 12 o'clock, and went into camp about one mile south of it. Remained in this position until June 10, when we marched toward Big Shanty, where we encountered the enemy's pickets; formed line of battle on the right of First Brigade, threw forward skirmishers, and advanced line about half a mile and occupied a ridge, where we constructed breast-works. Remained in this position until June 13, when we were ordered into line at daylight and marched about a mile to the left, and formed in rear of the Seventeenth Corps. Remained in this position until June 15, when we marched about a mile to the left, to support the Fourth Division, fifteenth Corps; formed in column of regiments. Remained in this position until night, when we returned to the camp we had left in the morning. June 16, marched about one mile to the right, and formed in rear of General Osterhaus' division. In the evening relieved a brigade of the Seventeenth Corps in the front line. Remained in this position, skirmishing with the enemy, until June 19. The enemy having evacuated his works in our immediate front our skirmishers advanced and occupied his works at daylight. About 10 a. m. the brigade moved forward by the flank to the works evacuated by the enemy. While this movement was being made the enemy shelled us vigorously from their batteries on the top of Kenesaw Mountain. In the evening we advanced our line about half a mile to near the base of the mountain and constructed works in that position. Remained in this position until June 24. June 24, skirmish line was ordered to advance; Fifty-third Ohio was ordered out to support it. We advanced skirmishers to within 200 yards of the crest of Kenesaw Mountain, under a very heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers. Finding it impossible to drive the enemy farther we were ordered to remain in the position gained until night and then retire to old line. June 26, marched about 8 p. m. toward the right of our line; bivouacked about midnight, one mile west of Little Kenesaw Mountain. June 27, received orders to stack knapsacks and be ready to march at 8 a. m. Marched to position occupied by General Osterhaus. Were ordered to form line and prepare to charge the enemy's works on Kenesaw Mountain; formed in two lines, the Fifty-third Ohio, Eighty-third Indiana, and Thirtieth Ohio being placed in the front line, Forty-seventh, Thirty-seventh, and Fifty-fourth Ohio in reserve line, the brigade being on the extreme right of the division.

