
At 8.30 a. m. moved forward double-quick through an open field to a creek under a terrible fire from the enemy's artillery and skirmish line. Halted at creek to rectify line, being partially sheltered from the fire of the enemy. As soon as the line was dressed crossed the creek and advanced through the thickly timbered low ground, the underbrush being so thick it was almost impossible to get through it. About 200 yards from the creek, at the edge of a field, we came upon a line of rifle-pits occupied by the enemy, which were taken after a hand-to-hand contest, in which bayonets and the butts of guns were used. After driving the enemy from this line we advanced about 200 yards, to near the main line of rebel works, on the west side of Little Kenesaw Mountain, the ground being cleared and our line enfilade from both flanks. We received orders to fall back to the rifle-pits that we had taken at the edge of the woods, it not being thought advisable to again charge the enemy's works in our front. We were ordered to remain in this position until night, when we were relieved by General Osterhaus' division, having remained all day under the fire of the enemy's artillery. At 9 p. m. returned to the position left in the morning. The brigade lost in action near Kenesaw Mountain: Killed, 2 commissioned officers and 16 enlisted men; wounded, 11 commissioned officers and 134 enlisted men; missing, 5 enlisted men. Brigade remained in camp near Little Kenesaw Mountain until July 2, when it marched south about ten miles to the position occupied by the Twenty-third Arm Corps; we relieved a brigade of that corps and immediately constructed breast-works.

July 3, the enemy having withdrawn from our front, General Smith ordered that two regiments from the brigade be sent to reconnoiter the country in our front as far as Ruff's Mill. This party came upon the enemy about one mile from where it left the brigade. Finding a large force of the enemy, supported by artillery, the four regiments left back in the works were ordered up. Line of battle was formed, which was immediately advanced double-quick against the enemy. When it had advanced about 1,000 yards through a corn-field, under a destructive fire from the enemy's artillery and skirmishers - when within about 300 yards of the enemy's artillery, and low ground near the creek in front of his artillery - it came to Nickajack Creek, and was compelled to halt, being unable to cross at this point. We opened fire from our line and soon drove the enemy from our front, when we crossed the creek at the fords and occupied the works that the enemy had left. Remained in this position until dark, when we returned to the works we had left in the morning. Our loss in this action was: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 35 enlisted men. July 4, marched two miles east, crossed Nickajack Creek and formed line on right of the Sixteenth Corps, and constructed works during the night. July 5, marched about five miles in a southwesterly direction, and went into camp near the Seventeenth Army Corps, where we remained until July 8, when we marched about three miles in a northeasterly direction, where we formed line on left of the First Division. Remained in this position, our pickets skirmishing with the enemy's, until July 11, when we marched five miles to the right and camped on Sandtown road. July 12, marched about 4 p. m. in the direction of Marietta; bivouacked at 11 p. m. July 13, marched at 2 a. m., passed through Marietta at daylight, bivouacked at night near Roswell. July 14, marched

