
in the afternoon; passed through Roswell and crossed to the south side of the Chattahoochee River and went into camp, where we remained constructing works until July 17, when we marched seven miles toward Decatur. July 18, marched in the direction of Stone Mountain, supporting General Garrard's cavalry; reached Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, near Stone Mountain, about 3 p. m., being the only infantry that reached the road. Destroyed about three miles of railroad and returned to our corps, which was about three miles west from the road. Marched on Decatur road, and bivouacked at 9 p. m. July 19, marched again to railroad and drove the enemy from it, and destroyed about two miles of it. Returned to Decatur road and marched in direction of Decatur, reaching there in evening. Went into camp near town. July 20, marched at 7 a. m. on Atlanta road, being the advance of the Army of the Tennessee, and came upon the enemy's pickets about two miles west of Decatur. Two regiments were deployed as skirmishers, and the remained of the brigade formed in line of battle. We drove the enemy slowly for about two miles in the direction of Atlanta, when we received orders to halt and construct breast-works.

We constructed works and remained in this position until July 22, when the enemy, having withdrawn from our front, our skirmish line, supported by a regiment, was pushed forward until they had passed the line of works he had evacuated, and came up to his main works near Atlanta. About 10 a. m. the remaining regiments of the brigade were moved up to the old line of rebel works and formed in line, their left resting on Atlanta road. As soon as line was formed each regiment was ordered to turn the old line of rebel works and prepare them for our defense. About 3 p. m. the skirmishers were driven in and the enemy was seen advancing on our front in heavy column. As soon as he came within range our line opened upon him a very destructive fire, which threw into confusion his first line, which, however, was soon replaced by another more determined than the first. This, too, was driven back, and our entire line seemed perfectly secure. On the left of the line, near the Atlanta road, there was a battery which fired over the temporary works; to the left of the dirt road there was a deep railroad cut which was open. After the brigade had been firing about forty minutes, and the enemy seemed to be driven from our entire front, a heavy column approached the battery unperceived, under cover of the low ground and smoke, which came over the works and through the dirt road in force sufficient to overpower the few men placed between the pieces of artillery. About this time another column of the enemy began to emerge from the railroad cut in our rear, which caused the brigade to fall back from the works in considerable confusion. It reformed in a few minutes back at the works we had left in the morning, and, supported by a brigade of the Sixteenth Corps, charged upon and drove the enemy from our works, turning our recaptured artillery upon the retreating enemy. Our loss in action here was Killed - commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 34. Wounded - commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 125. Missing - commissioned officers, 11; enlisted men, 257. July 27, marched twelve miles to the right, bivouacked at 11 p. m. July 28, marched at daylight and formed line of battle on the right of the Fifteenth Corps, it being the extreme right of the army. Marched two miles in line of battle, gradually wheeling to the left until we fronted south. About 11 a. m. we halted on a ridge and threw forward our skirmishers. The

