
regiments threw up logs and rails in their fronts. Three regiments were thrown forward as support to skirmish line. At 11 a. m. we were attacked by the enemy in tremendous force, who repeatedly charged our line, but was each time repulsed with terrible loss. The battle lasted until about 5 p. m., when the enemy retired from our front, leaving his dead and wounded to fall into our hands. Our loss in this action was: Killed - enlisted men, 3. Wounded - commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 48. Missing - enlisted men, 12. We fortified and remained in this position until July 30, when we advanced half a mile and occupied the works begun by the Twentieth Corps. Finished the works and remained in them until August 2, when we captured the enemy's skirmish line and advanced our line half a mile, where we constructed works and remained until August 9, when we advanced about 500 yards to a line of works which we had constructed the night before, this line of works being in the open field and only about 8000 yards from the enemy's main line. Remained in this position until August 26. Our loss in this position: Killed - commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 9. Wounded - commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 86. Missing - 1 enlisted man. August 26, we withdrew from our works at 9 p. m.; marched in direction of Fairburn, a point on the Columbus and Atlanta Railroad; marched all night. August 27, went into camp about 12 o'clock near Camp Creek. constructed works and remained in this position until August 29, when we marched again in the direction of the railroad, which was about five miles distant. Struck the railroad about two miles north of Fairburn, where we built works of rails and remained until August 30, when we marched toward Jonesborough, a point on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, being the advance of the Army of the Tennessee. When we had marched about three miles we encountered the pickets of the enemy's cavalry, who had obstructed the road. Two regiments were thrown forward as an advance guard, one deployed as skirmishers and the other as support. The cavalry were soon dislodged from their position, and we again slowly advanced, driving the enemy before us until we came to a large plantation, at the opposite side of which the enemy had posted his men behind rail-works, and from which he opened fire from a battery of artillery. The brigade was formed in line here, and the skirmishers thrown forward to the left of the planation, followed by the brigade; soon compelled the enemy to again retreat. Several other stands were made by the enemy during the day, but he was driven from them, and night found us not only across Flint River, but within half a mile of the railroad at Jonesborough, having driven the enemy (two brigades of cavalry, two batteries of artillery, supported at Flint River by a brigade of infantry) nine miles during the day. The brigade was now formed in line, with the right resting on Jonesborough road, about half a mile from the town, fronting directly east. Four regiments were placed in the front line, with orders to construct rifle-pits during the night; the other two regiments were placed in line about 100 yards in rear of the main line. August 31, about 10 a. m. the two reserve regiments were moved into a position on the left of the brigade, which had been occupied by the First Brigade. At about 11 a. m. the enemy was discovered moving by the flank toward the right of our corps. This he continued until about 2 p. m., when a line of battle was formed in our immediate front about 800 yards from our line. About 3 p. m. our skirmishers were driven in by

