
the enemy, who could be seen advancing along our entire front in two lines of battle. Our line fired on them when they were about 300 yards from our works. They were soon thrown into confusion, and never succeeded in coming nearer than 100 yards of our works. The firing continued about one hour and forty minutes, when the enemy disappeared from our front, having fallen back to his rifle-pits. Many of his dead and wounded were left on the field and fell into our hands. Our loss during the actions of the 30th and 31st was: Killed - commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 9. Wounded - commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 41.

September 1, remained in works, strengthened skirmish line in the afternoon, and made demonstration on the enemy's line while the attack was being made on his right by the Army of the Cumberland. Loss during the day; 1 enlisted man killed and 1 wounded. September 2, advanced our skirmish line to the railroad at daylight, the enemy having retreated during the night. Brigade marched at 7 a. m., passed through Jonesborough, and followed the retreating enemy four miles southward toward Lovejoy's Station, and camped. Remained here until the night of the 5th, having constructed a strong line of works. September 5, at 12 o'clock (midnight) marched back through Jonesborough to our old works, where we remained until the morning of the 7th, when we took up the line of march for East Point, where we arrived on the afternoon of the 8th.

The following is the total loss of the brigade during the campaign: Commissioned officers - killed, 11; wounded, 38. Enlisted men - killed, 95; wounded, 680. Commissioned officers - missing, 11; enlisted men, 273. Aggregate, 1,108.

It is impossible to give in this report the number of prisoners captured, or the number of muskets picked up; no correct account of either having been kept in the brigade.

Too much credit cannot be given to the brave officers and men who compose this brigade for the patience and courage that they have exhibited during this long and arduous campaign. Their conduct well deserves the admiration and gratitude of every lover of our country.

I transmit herewith reports of regimental commanders and full list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Captain GORDON LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 476.

Reports of Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH Regiment ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Kingston, Ga., May 21, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command at the battle of Resaca, Ga., on the 13th and 14th instant:

From the position taken by our corps early on the morning of the 13th I advanced with the main column and, after sharp skirmishing,

