
gained position on the ridge in front of Resaca, on the right of our brigade and on the left of General Lightburn; soon after securing this position I was ordered to advance, and, if possible, drive the enemy from and hold a small stream at the foot of the ridge and in our front. I advanced my entire command down the ridge until I ran upon my skirmish line, when I was informed by Captain Peirce, commanding, that there was a strong line in his front protected by the timber on the stream; that to gain the stream he had to cross an open field, and that he could not advance without fearful loss. I ordered him to hold his position and the regiment to lie down, which partially protected them from the fire of the enemy. I immediately sent Lieutenant-Colonel Black to report the condition of affairs, when I received instructions to advance my skirmishers to the creek, if possible to do so. I immediately ordered Captain Peirce to advance his line to the stream and drive the enemy out, and that I would re-enforce him, which I did with Companies A, B, and G. I re-enforced the skirmish line with three companies for the reason that the captain had informed me that a column of the enemy, of at least five companies, had taken position under cover and beyond the stream. The four companies ordered made a gallant charge across the field and took position, partially protected, on the west bank of the stream, which they found to be impassable. Upon receiving a report from Captain Peirce I ordered him to hold this position; finding I could advance the regiment no farther and my entire line being exposed, I asked and obtained permission to fall back to our first position on the ridge. This closed our operations on this day, with a loss of 7 killed and 9 wounded. The officers and men of the companies engaged did their whole duty and exhibited cool bravery and determination, honorable alike to themselves and the regiment.

At 2 o'clock on the 14th I was ordered to advance with four companies, push forward my skirmish line, and gain and hold both banks of the stream. I formed line, composed of Companies F, G, I, and K (E and H being already thrown out as skirmishers), and advanced, under cover of timber, to the field which lay between my position and the stream. I ordered a charge, and we gained the creek with a loss of 1 killed and 1 wounded. I immediately ordered my skirmishers to advance to the next range of hills, which they did, driving the enemy before them. While in this position I was notified that a self in readiness and await orders. I immediately pushed my entire command across the stream, and ordered the skirmishers to make a still farther advance if practicable. In the mean time I received orders that our brigade, with Wood's brigade, of Osterhaus' division, at the sound of the bugle, would make a grand charge for the purpose of gaining the range of hills in our front, and that my position was on the right of the Sixth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, and that I would take and hold the bald hill to the right. My command had already advanced and was under cover to the left of the hill I was to occupy. At the bugle sound to advance, through a misunderstanding, we crossed to the left of our proper position and to the next range beyond; meeting a much larger force than ours we slowly fell back and occupied a position to the left of the bald hill; being hard pressed and in danger of being flanked, I sent to General woods, who was on the left, for re-enforcements; they failing to arrive, I went myself and obtained four companies, which enabled us to hold our position. Brave hearts and strong arms forced the

