
enemy back to their works, they leaving numbers of their dead and wounded on the field. I dispatched a messenger to inform you of our position and say that the hill to our right, where I should have been, was not occupied. Night closed the conflict. Our loss was 4 killed and 32 wounded.

Officers and men did their duty so well, fought so nobly and bravely, that I can make particular mention of none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding 111th Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Captain ADDISON ARE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 111TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of my command during the present campaign:

Sunday, May 1, broke camp at Larkinsville, Ala., at 7 a. m., marched ten miles in the direction of Chattanooga, Tenn., and encamped near Bellefonte at 4 p. m.; weather fine. Monday, May 2, broke camp at 7 a. m., passed through Bellefonte, and camped near Crow Creek, making ten miles; nothing of interest transpiring on march. Tuesday, May 3, broke camp at 7 a. m., marched eighteen miles, and encamped at Bridgeport, Ala.; men fatigued but in fine spirits. Wednesday, May 4, broke camp at 6 a. m., marched ten miles, crossed Tennessee River, halted one hour at Nickajack Cave, and encamped near the "Narrows" for the night. Thursday, May 5, broke camp at 6 a. m., marched ten miles, and encamped at the base of Lookout Mountain. Friday, May 6, broke camp at 7 a. m., passed over Lookout Mountain, halted at Rossville at 1 o'clock; ordered to turn over extra baggage and teams; detailed Lieutenant David Nichols, of Company I, and squad of six men to take charge of same and store at Chattanooga; marched at 2 p. m. and encamped near Lee and Gordon's Mills; twelve miles. Saturday, May 7, broke camp at 6 a. m., marched eight miles, and encamped near Taylor's Ridge at 4 p. m. Sunday, May 8, broke camp at 9 a. m., crossed Taylor's Ridge, halted one hour for lunch at Gordon's Springs, made a long evening's march, halted for supper; broke camp again at dark, marched three miles, and encamped on mountain; indications are that the enemy are near; fifteen miles marched; men fatigued but in fine spirits. Monday, May 9, broke camp at 6 a. m., passed through Snake Creek Gap, Sixteenth Army Corps in advance; heavy skirmishing with the enemy; ordered to be ready to resist cavalry charge; encamped at 4 p. m. at cross-roads near Resaca, Ga. Tuesday, May 10, ordered in line at 8 a. m., where we remained during the day; heavy skirmishing in our front; ordered to be ready to move to-morrow morning at 2 o'clock; heavy rain-storm during the night. Wednesday, May 11, broke camp at 2 a. m. and took position in Snake Creek Gap behind strong works. Thursday, May 12, ordered to be ready to march at 6 o'clock; broke camp at the hour and formed line near cross-roads; ordered to be ready to move on Resaca to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. Friday,

