
May 13, broke camp at 6 a. m., marched three miles, and formed line; heavy skirmishing in front; advanced on Resaca at 2 p. m.; gained ridge in front of Resaca; threw out Companies A, B, C, and G to drive enemy's skirmishers from creek in front; gained the bank, the enemy holding position on opposite side; formed line on ridge; loss during the day, 7 killed and 8 wounded; being the first time under fire officers and men proved their bravery and daring. Saturday, May 14, ordered at 2 p. m. to take four companies and charge the enemy's skirmish pits and drive them from the opposite bank of creek; ordered out Companies F, G, I, and K, charged across field and creek, drove the enemy from their pits, and held the same; loss, 1 killed and 2 wounded; ordered to advance at 4 p. m. with the brigade and take hill in my front; advanced in accordance with orders and gained position; was attacked in heavy force by the enemy near sundown; held our position and fortified same during the night; loss, 6 killed, 26 wounded; the behavior of the regiment was all that could be desired. Sunday, May 15, remained in position during the day; heavy skirmishing in front. Monday, May 16, Resaca evacuated by the enemy; marched into town and halted until 2 p. m.,; took up line of march and crossed the river west of town, and encamped within the lines of the Sixteen Army Corps; five miles. Tuesday, May 17, broke camp at 6 o'clock; marched in the direction of Rome, Ga., without opposition until 3 p. m., when we came upon the enemy's rear guard; formed line, exchanged a few shots, and encamped for the night; no casualties. Wednesday, May 18, broke camp at 6 o'clock and marched in the direction of Adairsville, Ga.; reached same at 2 p. m.; found the entire army at this point; marched at 4 p. m. and bivouacked at 11 o'clock on Rome and Kingston road near gothic house. Thursday, May 19, broke camp at 7 a. m.; halted at noon near Kingston, Ga., and went into camp. Friday, May 20, remained in camp. Saturday, May 21, remained in camp. Sunday, May 22, remained in camp. Monday, May 23, broke camp at 6 a. m.; marched in direction of Dallas, Ga., making twenty miles; encamped near creek at 5 p. m., water scarce; hard day's march. Tuesday, May 24, detailed as rear guard; broke camp at 4 p. m. and marched until 3 a. m.; train all in; encamped for the remainder of the night; rained incessantly during the march; disagreeable march. Wednesday, May 25, broke camp at 7 o'clock, marched until 5, and encamped for the night; had supper; struck camp and marched two miles and again encamped for the night. Thursday, May 26, broke camp at 11 a. m.; formed line near Dallas, Ga.; skirmished with the enemy; drove them out and marched through town; found the enemy in strong force one mile beyond town; again formed line and threw out skirmishers; drove the enemy back, gained a ridge, and encamped for the night; threw up fortifications; 1 killed, 2 wounded. Friday, May 27, threw up additional fortifications; heavy skirmishing in front; loss, 6 wounded. Saturday, May 28, were attacked by the enemy at 4 p. m.; repulsed them with heavy loss; loss, 2 wounded. Sunday, May 29, in position, with heavy skirmishing in front; casualties, 1 killed, 1 wounded. Monday, May 30, in position; casualties, 4 wounded. Tuesday, May 31, no change in position; Lieutenant-Colonel Black wounded severely in leg; 2 enlisted men.

Wednesday, June 1, evacuated our position at 5 o'clock and marched to the left, relieving a portion of the Twentieth Army

