
Corps near New Hope Church; my regiment in reserve. Thursday, June 2, in reserve during the day. Friday, June 3, in reserve during the day. Saturday, June 4, in reserve during the day. Sunday, June 6, enemy evacuated during the night; broke camp at 10 a. m.; marched in northeast direction; encamped at 4 p. m. in sight of Lost Mountain. Monday, June 6, broke camp at 6 o'clock; marched in direction of Acworth; reached same at 12 m.; went into camp. Tuesday, June 7, remained in camp. Wednesday, June 8, remained in camp. Thursday, June 9, remained in camp. Friday, June 10, broke camp at 6 a. m.; marched on Marietta road; found the enemy at Big Shanty Station; skirmished with them during the day and found them in force; intrenched near Kenesaw Mountain. Saturday, June 11, remained in camp during the day, in reserve. Sunday, June 12, remained in position occupied yesterday. Monday, June 13, ordered in line at daylight; marched two miles to the left, and took position in woods. Tuesday, June 14, remained in position taken yesterday. Wednesday, June 15, ordered to be in line at daylight; also at 11 o'clock; no change in position. Thursday, June 16, ordered into line at 10 a. m.; marched to the right to support Osterhaus' division; encamped in rear of his lines. Friday, June 17, remained in camp until 3 p. m., when we were ordered out in line to make demonstration; accomplished without loss. Saturday, June 18, in camp in yesterday's position. Sunday, June 19, enemy evacuated their works in our front; ordered to be ready to march; moved at 8 o'clock, threw out skirmishers, and gained position within half a mile of the base of Kenesaw Mountain. Monday, June 20, threw up works on line gained last evening. Tuesday, June 21, remained in works. Wednesday, June 22, remained in works. Thursday, June 23, remained in works; killed, 1. Friday, June 24, impression prevails that the enemy are evacuating; skirmishers ordered to advance; killed, 1; wounded, 4. Saturday, June 25, no change of position; heavy skirmishing in front. Sunday, June 26, received orders to be ready to march at dark; marched three miles to the right, and encamped for the night. Monday, June 27, was ordered to be ready at 8 o'clock to charge the enemy's works; Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with one brigade of Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, to be the assaulting column; formed line at the hour, charged the works, found them impregnable; was repulsed; fell back a short distance from enemy's works; threw up intrenchments; remained in them until dark; marched to the rear and went into camp; casualties, killed, 1; wounded, 16; missing, 2. Tuesday, June 28, remained quietly in camp during the day. Wednesday, June 29, remained in camp during the day. Thursday, June 30, remained in camp during the day.

Friday, July 1, in camp during the day; received orders to be ready to march at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning. Saturday, July 2, broke camp at 4 o'clock, and marched eight miles to the right, our brigade relieving a brigade of the Twenty-third Army Corps; my regiment placed in position on the extreme left; threw up fortifications. Sunday, July 3, ordered in line at daylight, expecting an attack; no enemy appearing, remained quiet until 3 p. m.; ordered to feel the enemy in front; marched one mile, skirmishing with the enemy; ordered out with division to support the Sixteenth Corps; marched two miles, and encamped for the night.

