
Tuesday, July 5, broke camp at 6 o'clock, and marched four miles to the right; encamped in rear of the Seventeenth Corps. Wednesday, July 6, in camp in reserve. Thursday, July 7, in camp in reserve. Friday, July 8, ordered to be ready to march at 4 p. m.; marched three miles to the left, and formed line in the woods, connecting on the left with the Twentieth Corps; threw out skirmishers. Saturday, July 9, remained in position. Sunday, July 10, pickets report enemy across the river; remained in camp all day. Monday, July 11, marched five miles to the right, and encamped on Sandtown road. Tuesday, July 12, remained in camp until noon, when I received orders to be ready to march in a quarter of an hour; broke camp, and marched ten miles in the direction of Marietta; bivouacked, with orders to be ready to march at 2 a. m. Wednesday, July 13, marched at 2 a. m.; passed through Marietta, Ga., took the Roswell road, and encamped within one mile of town. Thursday, July 14, remained in camp until 4 p. m.; broke camp, and crossed the Chattahoochee River, and encamped on the south side. Friday, July 15, remained in camp. Saturday, July 16, remained in camp; orders to be ready to march to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. Sunday, July 17, broke camp at 6 o'clock, and marched seven miles on Decatur road; encamped for the night on creek. Monday, July 18, broke camp at 6 o'clock, and marched on road in direction of Stone Mountain, supporting a cavalry force cutting railroad; cavalry succeeded without opposition; marched three miles to the right, and encamped for the night. Tuesday, July 19, broke camp at 5 o'clock, and marched on Decatur road; left main road and struck the railroad east of Atlanta; was formed in line along same; received orders to destroy same in my front, which was cheerfully performed; marched at 12 m. for Decatur, and encamped for the night. Wednesday, July 20, broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched for Atlanta, Second Brigade in advance; found the enemy in force two miles and a half east of the city; formed line and [built] intrenchments. Thursday, July 21, remained in position during the day. By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith, I was placed in command of the brigade. Friday, July 22, enemy evacuated their works; we took possession of same; my regiment placed in position half a mile in front of maine line, to support the picket-line; was attacked by the enemy in heavy force at 2 p. m., May W. M. Mabry being in command; made a desperate stand, but was compelled by the numbers against them to fall back to main works. The enemy pushed on and took the main works, and the regiment, with the division, fell back to the second line of works. They, with the division, were rallied and retook the works. Loss, killed, 18; wounded, 40; missing, 85; Major Marby slightly wounded in left arm. Too high praise cannot be bestowed on the regiment for this day's work. Seventy dead rebels were found in front of their position. Saturday, July 23, remained in position on the line. Sunday, July 24, same position. Monday, July 25, same position. Tuesday, July 26, in same position; received orders to be ready to move at 12 o'clock to-night. Wednesday, July 27, broke camp at 4 a. m. and marched to the right; encamped at 11 p. m. Thursday, July 28, broke camp at 6 o'clock; marched still to the right; gained position at 11 o'clock on ridge; heavy skirmishing in front; was attacked by the enemy in force; repulsed them with heavy loss; men and officers deserve credit for their coolness and bravery; loss, 10 wounded, 1 missing.

