
Friday, July 29, threw up works on line occupied yesterday. Saturday, July 30, moved at 12 m., and occupied new line of works one mile in distance. Sunday, July 31, in fortifications.
Monday, August 1, in fortifications. Tuesday, August 2, advanced our line some three-quarters of a mile; heavy skirmishing in front; regiment in reserve. Wednesday, August 3, regiment in reserve. Thursday, August 4, regiment transferred to Second Brigade; took position on the line; 1 wounded. Friday, August 5, remained in same position. Saturday, August 6, remained in same position. Sunday, August 7, remained in same position. Monday, August 8, remained in same position. Tuesday, August 9, moved to new line of works in front; heavy skirmishing. Wednesday, August 10, in the trenches, with the usual amount of skirmishing; 2 wounded. Thursday, August 11, same position; 2 wounded. Friday, August 12, same position. Saturday, August 13, same position. Sunday, August 14, same position; 2 men, Company B, killed by cannon-ball. Monday, August 15, same position. Tuesday, August 16, same position. Wednesday, August 17, same position. Thursday, August 18, made a demonstration; charged across a field to our skirmish pits; received a shelling; no casualties. Friday, August 19, remaining in same position in the works; 2 wounded. Saturday, August 20, same position. Sunday, August 21, same position. Monday, August 22, same position. Tuesday, August 23, same position; 2 wounded. Wednesday, August 24, same position. Thursday, August 25, same position. Friday, August 26, same position; received orders to be ready to move at 8 o'clock; evacuated works at the hour; marched all night; encamped at creek at 12 m. Saturday, August 27, broke camp at 6 o'clock; marched for Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad; reached same at 2 p. m.; was formed on line on north side of road; fortified. Sunday, August 28, remained in same position. Monday, August 29, remained in same position; 1 wounded. Tuesday, August 30, broke camp at 7 a. m.; marched on Jonesborough road; found the enemy two miles from our camp; regiment ordered out on the skirmish line; skirmished with the enemy, driving them before us until 1 o'clock, when we were relieved by the Thirty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry; marched until dark, gaining position within half a mile of Atlanta and Macon Railroad; threw up works; 2 wounded. Wednesday, August 31, heavy skirmishing in our front; ordered the works to be strengthened; was attacked at 3 p. m. by a heavy force massed in six columns; they were handsomely repulsed, with heavy loss; the conduct of officers and men was all that could be desired, and for cool bravery and determination unsurpassed; killed, 1; wounded, 8. Thursday, September 1, remained in position; made sundry demonstrations in favor of Fourth and Fourteenth Corps, who were coming around on the left. Friday, September 2, enemy reported to be retreating; ordered to be ready to march; broke camp at 7 o'clock; marched through Jonesborough, taking road leading south; met with no opposition until 12 m.; found the enemy intrenched on hill; encamped for the night; in reserve. Saturday, September 3, in camp, near Lovejoy's Station, Ga.; received copy of General Sherman's order, announcing the evacuation of Atlanta, Ga., by the enemy, its occupation by our troops, and the close of the campaign.

For a more full and perfect report of the conduct of the regiment during the greater part of the campaign, I would refer you to the reports of my old brigade commander, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith.

