
miles below East Point, and spent one day in destroying it. 30th, moved toward Jonesborough on Macon railroad, and skirmished from 12 m. until dark, driving the enemy to within half a mile of the railroad at Jonesborough; 2 men wounded. 31st, enemy assaulted our works in afternoon, and were repulsed with heavy loss; 3 men killed, and 5 wounded, during the day.

September 1, skirmishing all day; 1 man killed; enemy evacuated during the night. 2d, moved to Lovejoy's Station and encamped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. NORTH,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-third Indiana Vol. Infantry.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 478.

Reports of Captain Carl Moritz, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Nea Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of the Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry of the battle on the 28th day of July, 1864, near Atlanta, Ga., participated in by said regiment:

The regiment marched to the right of our line, and took position about 10 a. m. on the right of the brigade, which was at the same time the extreme right of the army. By verbal order of General Howard, commander of the Department of the Tennessee, six companies of the regiment were deployed as skirmishers to cover our right flank, and soon after two more companies were advanced as advanced pickets on the several by-roads leading to our line. The enemy soon appeared in heavy force in our front and flank, and drove in the skirmish line. Major Charles Hipp, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded at this time, and Captain Carl Moritz, Company B, took command of the regiment. The regiment fell back from the ridge previously occupied, rallied on the next in rear of the former, and advanced in line of battle to its first position, driving the enemy. By gathering fence rails it erected light break-works, which were held during the remainder of the day against the fierce and incessant assaults of the enemy, which were repulsed at each time with heavy loss to him. In the mean time the regiment was supported by detachments from other army corps, and ordered in the reserve position for about three hours, when it reoccupied its position in the front line. When night broke in the enemy ceased his assaults, and the regiment was enabled to throw up substantial breast-works on its line.

The following are the casualties of the regiment:* Officers - wounded, 1. Enlisted men - killed, 1; wounded, 5; missing, 2.

I have the honor, respectfully, to remain, your obedient servant,

CARL MORITZ,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

