HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Near Jonesborough, September 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry of the battle near Jonesborough, Ga., August 31, 1864, participated in by said regiment:

On the night of August 26, 1864, the regiment marched out of the intrenchments near Atlanta toward the railroad which leads from Atlanta to West Point, Ga. After the same was completely destroyed, it resumed its march and advanced in an easterly direction against the railroad leading from Atlanta to Macon, and came to a position about half a mile west of said railroad, after having pressed back the skirmishers of the enemy during the whole day. August 30, the regiment marched in line of battle as support of the skirmishing line of the brigade. On the 31st of August the forenoon was occupied with erecting breast-works to strengthen the position. At about 2.30 p. m. the enemy advanced in heavy force, and endeavored, by several charges, to take our gained position, but was repulsed at each time with severe loss to him.

The casualties of the Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the 30th and 31st of August were as follows: Officers wounded, 1; enlisted men wounded, 8.

I have the honor, respectfully, to remain, your obedient servant,

CARL MORITZ,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

Detailed report of the operations of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864, up to including the occupation of Atlanta.

I have the honor to transmit the following report of the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, as required by Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, dated September 4, 1864:

The regiment, which on its return from veteran furlough in Ohio, arrived at Louisville, Ky., on the 1st day of May, 1864, met on its journey to the front with a serious railroad accident near Munfordville, Ky., by which it suffered a loss of 1 killed and 30 wounded enlisted men. Arrived in Nashville on the 3d, and in Chattanooga on the 6th of May, at which place it received new muskets. On the 8th of May it marched from the latter place toward Resaca, Ga., escorting the train of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and joined its brigade on the 10th of May in Sugar Creek Valley. It participated in the battle at Resaca on the 13th, 14th, and 15th of May, and marched with the brigade, by the way of Calhoun, to Kingston, where it bivouacked until the 23rd of May. Lieutenant Colonel L. von Blessingh, commanding the regiment, left the same on the 23rd on sick leave, and Major Charles Hipp took command. On the 23rd of May the regiment marched with the brigade to Dallas, Ga., which place was reached on the 25th of May, and participated in the actions near said place on the 28th and 29th of said month.

