
ling the attack of the enemy in its immediate front. The regiment advanced again, and, in about one hour from the time it retreated, re-entered the intrenchments, which were retaken from the enemy by the timely support of First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and one brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps. From the 23rd of July 26th the regiment was engaged in fortifying the regained position and throwing out strong skirmish parties, when it marched at daybreak, on the 27th July, with the brigade, toward the extreme right of the army. On the 28th July, about 11 a. m., the regiment took position on the right of the brigade, which was at the same time the extreme right of the army. It deployed six of its companies as skirmishers to our right flank, and afterward two more companies were advanced as pickets on the several by-roads leading to our position. The enemy soon appeared in heavy force on our right flank and front, which forced the skirmishers to fall back, who afterward formed again and took position in the line of battle. At this time, Major Charles Hipp, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded, and Captain C. Moritz, Company B, took command. The enemy made continuous charges for about four hours, endeavoring to break our lines, but was always repulsed with heavy loss, and, as soon as night broke in, he desisted from his assaults and disappeared from the front. The time from July 29 to August 26 was occupied by the regiment in repulsing the enemy's advanced forces, taking his rifle-pits, and advancing our main fortified position toward and near the enemy's fortifications, which were erected in front, and running parallel with, the railroad which leads from Atlanta to East Point.

On the evening of August 26 the regiment marched out of the intrenchments and took, with the brigade, the direction toward Sandtown. On the following day it resumed its march until it reached, on the 28th, the railroad leading from Atlanta to Montgomery, Ala. On the 30th the regiment resumed its march in an easterly direction to the railroad leading from Atlanta to Macon, and the enemy having appeared in front about 9 a. m, advanced in line of battle as support of the skirmishers during the remainder of the day, driving the enemy within half a mile of the railroad, when night broke in, and the regiment took its position established by the army. The regiment occupied the center of the brigade, and fortified its line by throwing up breast-works on the morning of the 31st of August. The enemy appeared at about 2.30 p. m. in heavy force, attacked our position, and, by repeated charges on our lines, tried to break our lines, but was repulsed at each time with heavy loss to him.

September 1, the enemy, though still occupying his intrenched position in front, made no further attacks on the line occupied by the regiment. During the day it threw out heavy skirmishing lines, engaging the enemy all the time, who disappeared on the following night entirely from the front of the regiment, and about daybreak the skirmishers crossed said railroad and entered Jonesborough, pursuing the retreating enemy. On the 2nd the pursuit was continued toward Lovejoy's Station, the regiment, with the brigade, being in rear of the army corps, and went in bivouac near said station.

I certify that the above report is correct.

CARL. MORITZ,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

16 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

