
Numbers 479.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Louis Von Blessingh, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations May 10-19.

CAMP OF THIRTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,

SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of the late engagement participated in by the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry:

On the 10th instant, at 6 a. m., I reported with my regiment and rejoined the brigade. At Sugar Valley took position on the right center, in rear of the battery, where it remained until May 11, 2 a. m., when it was ordered to march back to Snake Creek Gap, where it took position and was engaged in throwing up intrenchments. On the 12th instant, at 8 a. m., the regiment was ordered to move forward, and took its same position which it had on the 10th instant. On the 13th instant the regiment was ordered to advance on the Resaca road, and took position of the right center of the brigade south of said road and about one mile west of Oostenaula River. At 1 p. m. this day the regiment advance, and threw forward one company as skirmishers. with little skirmishing the regiment arrived in sight of the enemy's works at 3 p. m. this day. The regiment was then ordered to advance and occupy a strip of woods on Camp Creek, where severe skirmishing occurred. The regiment remained in its position until night break when it was ordered to fall back about 300 yards, leaving two companies on picket. The casualties this day were as follows: Killed, 1 officer; wounded, 1 officer and 8 enlisted men. May 14, the regiment occupied the same position; two companies were ordered forward as Brigade. At 7.30 p. m. the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was ordered to re-enforce the forces who took a position from the enemy, taking position on the left of the brigade, and remained in that position on the 15th. The casualties this day were as follows: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 officer and 1 enlisted man. May 16, at 3 a. m. the regiment was ordered to relieve the Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the rifle-pits in front of the brigade, throwing one company forward as skirmishers. At 3.30 a. m. this day the enemy evacuated his fortified position. The regiment remained in its position to protect a battery until 8 a. m., when it joined the brigade within the enemy's works. At 10 a. m. the regiment was ordered, with the brigade, to march on the Calhoun road in pursuit of the enemy, crossing the river at Lay's Ferry, and encamped one mile east from the river, on the Rome road. The regiment marched thence toward Kingston, and arrived near said place on the 19th instant, 1 p. m., without further casualties.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

L. VON BLESSINGH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-seventh Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

[Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.]

