
Numbers 480.

Report of Major Thomas T. Taylor, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the operations of the Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry Volunteers since May 3, 1864, until September 8, 1864, in pursuance of orders heretofore received:

May 3, the regiment, returning from veteran furlough, rejoined the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, between Stevenson and Bridgeport, Ala., at 2 p. m., and encamped at Bridgeport at 6 p. m. From this day until the 10th May the advance was steadily maintained, having marched, via Bridgeport, Chattanooga, Rossville, Gordon's Mills, and Gordon's and Snake Creek Gaps, to Sugar Valley, where the enemy were found in considerable force. A line of battle was formed, and a spirited skirmish ensued, in which four companies of the regiment were engaged. During the afternoon a light line of works was constructed in our front. May 11, retired about one mile, to the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, and assisted in the construction of light field works; the following day returned to the position formerly occupied at Sugar Valley. On the 13th May, at 6 a. m., again moved forward, and being in the advance, were continually engaged in skirmishing. At the intersection of the Calhoun Ferry and Resaca and Sugar Valley roads the enemy was encountered in such force as to render it impossible to proceed farther with skirmish line. Accordingly, a line of battle was formed along the Calhoun Ferry road, the regiment on the left of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with four companies, deployed as skirmishers, and relieved throughout the afternoon. At 1 p. m. the advance was resumed, and the enemy driven from ridge to ridge, until forced behind their works at Resaca, where, at 5 p. m., the line halted on the slope of a ridge facing the enemy's works. In the engagement 5 men were wounded. Saturday, May 14, details were engaged in heavy skirmishing. At 12 m. assisted in making a demonstration, which continued until 4 p. m. At 6 p. m. again made a demonstration, which continued until 7.10 p. m., when we advanced under a very heavy artillery fire to the support of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, which had stormed a hill occupied by the enemy. During night assisted in fortifying the new position. The day following was occupied in skirmishing. On Monday, the 16th, the skirmishers advanced and found the enemy had evacuated. At sunrise advanced to the railroad bridge across the Oostenaula River. The loss in this entire engagement was 10 wounded. the same day at 9 a. m. began the pursuit; moved, via the Calhoun and Lay's Ferry road, across Lay's Ferry, and encamped two miles east of the river. On the 17th, being in the advance, was engaged the entire day in skirmishing, and drove the enemy steadily until near McGuire's, when they made a stand in a dense wood and opened a battery. The division was then deployed, and the entire line advanced, when the enemy retired. Encamped at sundown about one mile from McGuire's, on the Adairsville and Rome road. Arrived at Kingston on the 19th, and encamped on the Connasene Creek near its confluence with the Etowah River. Resumed the advance May

