
23, and marched, via Blacksville and Van Wert, to Dallas, at which place the command arrived on the 26th, having experienced no opposition except light skirmishing. The same day, about one mile east of Dallas, the enemy were found strongly posted on the Powder Springs road. During night the regiment was placed in position in the second line, and details therefrom were occupied in the 27th and 28th in skirmishing and constructing rifle-pits. At 4 p. m. on the 28th the enemy opened with a heavy cannonade, and at 4.50 p. m. made a terrific assault upon our line, which lasted until 5.15 p. m., when they were completely repulsed. The charge was followed by heavy skirmishing, which continued until the 1st day of June.

On the 1st of day June, at 5 a. m., moved out of the works to Dallas, and from thence at 9 a. m. to New Hope Church, where we relieved Major-General Butterfield's division, of the Twentieth Army Corps, and was engaged in continual skirmishing until the morning of the 5th, when it was discovered the enemy had evacuated. At 10 a. m. marched, via Burnt Church, to and one mile beyond Acworth, Ga., where we arrived on the 6th, and remained until the 10th, when the advance was assumed. A short distance south of Big Shanty the enemy were encountered in force. Immediately we formed line, erected light works, re-enforced the skirmish line with details, and pressed the enemy. The 11th and 12th were likewise occupied in skirmishing. On the 13th moved in reserve to support the Seventeenth Army Corps, and remained in this position until the 15th, when we moved to the support of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, then engaged on the left in demonstration against the enemy. At dark returned to old position. On the 16th June relieved Gresham's division, of the Seventeenth Army Corps, and was placed in the second line of works on the right of Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, where we remained until the enemy retired from their works and occupied a position on Kenesaw Mountain, when we advanced to the vicinity of Green's Station, went into line, assisted in constructing works and participated in the daily skirmishing until the night of the 26th June, when we moved to the front of Little Kenesaw Mountain. On the 27th June the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, was formed behind the exterior line of the Federal works in two lines, the Forty-seventh Ohio on the right of the second line, and supporting the Fifty-third Ohio. At 8 a. m. the brigade, thus formed, advanced to storm the works of the enemy upon Little Kenesaw Mountain. Crossing the open field, completely swept by the enemy's artillery, in the most excellent order, and passing through an almost impenetrable morass, came unexpectedly upon the first line of the enemy's works, which was occupied by Georgia volunteers. The Fifty-third Ohio was already engaged in a fierce hand-to-had conflict with these troops, and the Forty-seventh, to a limited extent, likewise became engaged with the same troops. This line was quickly carried, and the charge continued up the bare knoll beyond, but on account of the exposed position, murderous front and flank fire of the enemy, was unable to proceed, and finally retired to the morass, where we remained until dark, when we moved to the rear of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and encamped. In this assault Colonel A. C. Parry, commanding the regiment, received a severe wound, and was borne from the field, as the regiment was returning to the morass, from which time the command devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel John Wallace.

