
July 2, marched with the division to the vicinity of Ruff's Mill, and relieved Colonel Strickland's brigade, of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and completed works on the front. The following day at 12 m. was sent out to re-enforce a detachment of the Second Brigade then engaged in making a reconnaissance. The entire detachment was then ordered forward. After advancing about three-quarters extensive field almost half a mile in width, beyond which the enemy with one battery were strongly posted behind hastily constructed works on the east bank of Nickajack Creek. A brief rest, and we again advanced, crossing the field on the double-quick, under a severe fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry. Upon reaching the creek was ordered to cross over. Having crossed and made connection with the Fifty-fourth Ohio on the left, we advanced and occupied the works of the enemy, and continued in the possession of them until relieved by the Sixteenth Army Corps. On the 4th July supported the Sixteenth Army Corps. On the 4th July supported the Sixteenth Army Corps in attack upon the enemy's works. At 7 a. m. on the 5th, marched, via Sandtown road, to the intersection of the Turner's Ferry road, thence down the ferry road to within three miles and a half of the Chattahoochee River, where we encamped and remained until 4 p. m. of the 8th, when we again moved forward, halted in front of the enemy's skirmishers until the morning of the 11th, when the enemy retreated beyond the river, and were pursued by skirmishers from all regiments to its north bank. At 11 a. m. of same day marched, via the ferry and Sandtown road, within a short distance of Sweet Water, and camped at 5 p. m. The day following, at 5 p. m., resumed the march, and proceeded, via Marietta and Roswell Factory, to the south side of the Chattahoochee and encamped at 6 p. m. On the 14th and during the next two days assisted in the construction of works. Sunday, 17th, marched at 7 o'clock on the road to Cross Keys, and, crossing Nancy's Creek and passing Cross Keys, struck the Augusta railway, two miles west of Stone Mountain, and destroyed between a quarter and half a mile of it. After one hours' labor on the railway rejoined the division and encamped on Peach Tree Creek. The day following, at 5 a. m., took up the line of march to Decatur, at which place we arrived at 3 p. m.; at 5 p. m. formed line of battle and halted for the night. On the 20th advanced upon the direct road toward Atlanta, deployed on the north side of the railroad, connecting on the left with the Thirtieth Ohio, driving the enemy's force, which consisted of mounted infantry and cavalry, steadily back a distance of about three miles and a half, when a halt was ordered. During night was relieved by a regiment of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, went into line, and on the 21st assisted in the construction of rifle-pits.

On the morning of the 22d, nothing but a mere skirmish line of the enemy having been found in our front, our skirmish line moved forward, driving the enemy from their skirmish-pits, their main works, and compelling them to retire under cover of the guns of the principal works on the east part of the city of Atlanta, within a very short distance of which our line halted. The entire division then advanced and occupied the works abandoned by the enemy. A few minutes after 4 p. m. the skirmish line was driven in by an assault of the enemy. Upon arriving within the works occupied by the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I saw the regiment

