
first in the following order: Three companies behind the works on the right of a section of artillery on the right of the Decatur road. Subsequently Company K was ordered to support a section of artillery between the wagon and rail roads, posted behind a low earthwork, terminating a few feet from the right bank of a cut in the railway. Said cut is about fifteen feet deep, dry and firm at the bottom, and on the 22nd was open and clear, neither occupied by troops nor blockaded. The wagon road on the right of said section and company is about twenty-five feet in width, and was likewise open and unoccupied by troops. The distance between the wagon road and railway is four rods. One platoon of said company, consisting of sixteen men, was ordered between the guns composing the last-names section, the other platoon to lie down in rear of it. The remainder of the regiment was in a few moments ordered into position behind the works on the right of the artillery on the right of said wagon road. Two columns of the enemy advanced up a ravine in front of the works, but were repulsed and retired behind a house and some outbuildings a short distance therefrom, while, apparently, a third advanced by the flank, concealed by the dense smoke of the artillery, up the rail and wagon road. This advance was not discovered until the head of the column was about to enter the gap made by the open wagon road in the works, mount the works in front of and pass around the last named section of the artillery. The platoon between said guns fought desperately, and all except our were killed, wounded, and captured. The other platoon of said company being in rear of said guns could not fire without killing our men in their front, but received a heavy fire in front and on the right flank, and when the enemy debouched from the said cut in their rear, to avoid capture, they retired. Simultaneously the entire line began moving back. At the works a fierce struggle and hand-to-hand conflict concurred over our colors, in which the enemy were punished most severely. In this struggle Corporal McCarthey, of the color guard, was captured; Corpsl. Abraham T. Craig, of the color guard, wounded. Lieutenant Colonel John Wallace, commanding the regiment, a new line. Upon the arrival of the regiment at the second line of works, by an order of the division commander, I was relieved from duty as picket officer of the division to take command of it.

Behind these works I reformed the regiment, and, in accordance with orders from the corps and division commanders, advanced in line of battle with bayonets fixed to recapture the works taken by the enemy. After proceeding a short distance, one small company and men from various regiments joined my line, swelling the number to about 250, with whom, wholly unsupported, I charged, and succeeded in approaching within a few feet of the works, when, such was the storm of fire which swept over this gallant band, that both flag-staffs were shot off and the regimental standard torn from the staff by the fragment of a shell. One of the color bearers, Corpl. Joseph Lodborough, was killed, Corporal Roemhild, of the color guard, wounded. Finding my command flanked, both on the right and left, to avoid capture I retired. In retiring over an entanglement and through the dense undergrowth, the command became to some extent separated. Meeting a line upon a ridge in the rear advancing, I halted, and, with them, made a second assault. Captain Pinkerton, Company D, and Lieutenant Brachmann, Company G,

