
with a portion of the right wing, moved forward on the right of the railway, while I, with men from both wings, moved on the left of it, but, being again outflanked, all were again compelled to retire. This time we withdrew to an open field and reformed as rapidly as possible, and a third time advanced upon works. Captain Pinkerton and Lieutenant Brachmann, as before, moved on the right of the railway and I on the left of it, pouring a continuous and deadly fire into the enemy, driving them from the works, and retaking a section of artillery, standing upon the left of the railroad, which the enemy had turned upon us, and which, with the assistance of Sergeant Seidel, Sergt. Major Henry Bremfoerder, and Privates Lewis Walker, Company K, and Isaac N. Sliver, Company D, and other men of the Forty-seventh, with a few from the Fifty-third Ohio, I turned the third assault the regiment captured 17 prisoners of war. Capts. Charles N. Helmerich and Joseph L. Pinkerton and Lieutenants Brachmann and Wetterer, the only commissioned officers present with the regiment unhurt, rendered efficient aid in the various assaults. Owing to the reason already stated, it was impossible to preserve organizations intact in such a rapid advance, and regiments were completely intermixed and mingled, but everywhere, on all sides, the men and officers exhibited the greatest gallantry and most daring courage, fighting in whatever organization they found themselves and doing their whole duty as soldiers and as American citizens.

From this time until the morning of the 27th we were engaged in skirmishing and destroying the railroad. At daylight on the 27th marched, in rear of the army, to the right, which point was reached on the morning of the 28th, when the division took up a position on a ridge near Ezra Chapel. At 10 a. m. of the 28th were ordered to support the Fifty-third Ohio in an attack upon a force of the enemy posted on the ridge in front of the one occupied by the division, and moved on the left of Fifty-third, and deployed Companies B, D, and K, as skirmishers, which advanced to the summit of the ridge. The enemy then moved in considerable force to the right and threatened that flank of the Fifty-third Ohio, when the remainder of my command moved to the right, deployed as skirmishers, and advanced to the Sandtown road. By this joint advance of the two regiments the enemy were driven from the greater portion of the ridge into the wood beyond. At 12 m. a column of the enemy moved from the wood, by the flank, across our front, as though designing to drive us back, but were easily repulsed by our fire. In about half an hour the enemy were discovered massing in the wood and moving to the right. In a brief space they advanced from it in line of battle, but, quickly breaking into columns, swept like an avalanche over the field, attempting by columns on the right and left, the heads of envelop us, when, to avoid capture, Colonel Jones ordered us to march in retreat, which movement we executed with the utmost dispatch, and in the best possible manner. When the enemy perceived the movement, a body of cavalry, moving on their extreme left, also charged upon us. The fierceness and impetuosity of the charge of the column on the immediate left of the Fifty-third Ohio rendered it impossible for us to rejoin the line of the division, and we came into position a considerable distance therefrom on the right. Against this point the columns which had charged against us made

