
a combined assault, driving us beyond the ridge, and occupying it. Halting again on the side of the ridge, we reformed, and with loud and prolonged huzzas advanced against the enemy, driving them more by noise than numbers from the ridge into the adjoining wood. Immediately upon gaining the hill, Colonel Jones, of the Fifty-third were most advantageously posted, and although many gaps intervened between regiments, the line of battle was so formed as to enable us to cover with our fire every inch of the ground in our front. Four times during the afternoon the enemy charged our line, and each time was repulsed with heavy loss. At 3.30 p. m. the eighty-first Ohio relieved us, but at 5 p. m. we again entered the line. During the engagement there were no works of any description in front of my regiment, but the following night we assisted in the construction of an excellent line, which we completed on the 30th. At 11 a. m. of the 30th marched to the ridge occupied by regiment as skirmishers on the 28th, and relieved a division of the Twentieth Army Corps, and completed and strengthened the works.

The following days until August 2 were engaged in light skirmishing. On that day, at 3 a. m., we moved forward, occupied a new line, and constructed another line of works. August 3, five companies of the regiment were engaged in a very heavy skirmish incident to advancing the line and repelling the repeated attempts of the enemy to recapture their pits. The following day engaged in making demonstration. From this day until the morning of the 9th were occupied in constant skirmishing, when the regiment was ordered to take and advanced position, and complete a line of works. From this day until the 26th August remained in same works, occasionally making demonstrations and continually engaged in lively skirmishing. August 26, about 9 p. m. evacuated works and marched, via Sandtown road, crossing Utoy Creek, the north and south forks of Utoy, to the Fairburn road, and thence by neighborhood road to the West Point and Montgomery Railroad, and encamped near the road, on Camp Creek on the 28th, and held the left flank until a considerable distance of said road had been demolished. On the 30th moved from camp upon the Flat Shoals road, on which the column marched, until it intersected the Jonesborough and Fayetteville road, on which the column moved toward Jonesborough. During the morning the enemy appeared in considerable force and contested the advance. Three times during the morning the division was forced to deploy, and by regular line drive them back from our front. At about noon I was ordered to move forward and deploy on the right of said road, and was supported by the Thirty-seventh Ohio, two companies of which I caused to be deployed on the right flank; on the left I connected with the Eighty-third Indiana. We then advanced, driving the enemy steadily before us, until they had crossed Plain Creek, when they halted and opened a battery upon the line. We were then halted until they had crossed Flint river, when they attempted to make another stand; but the crossing being comparatively good, with the assistance of the cavalry a crossing was quickly effected, and the advance resumed. Again the enemy were compelled to retire, and when once started were driven steadily back until we had approached within half a mile of Jonesborough, when, night coming on, the darkness

