
rendered it impracticable to proceed farther. During the afternoon the enemy were driven over seven miles. At 10 p. m. the regiment was relieved by the Thirtieth Ohio, and placed in reserve to the Second Brigade. At 10 a. m. of the 31st, on account of the movements of the enemy, the regiment was again ordered forward and placed into line on the left of the brigade. At 3 p. m. the columns of the enemy moved from the woods along the Jonesborough road, and made an impetuous assault upon our line. We reserved our fire until their columns were moving in the open field in front, to our right, when, at the command, an unceasing sheet of fire and lead was hurled to the right-oblique, with splendid effect, into their ranks. The force of the assault was broken in half an hour, but the firing was continued much longer, as they were in range during the entire line of retreat.

September 1, was occupied in skirmishing and making demonstrations to aid our left. During the night of the 1st the enemy retreated from Jonesborough, and in the morning were pursued to Lovejoy's Station, where they were found strongly fortified. Encamped a short distance northwest from the station, and remained in reserve until the afternoon of the 4th instant, when the regiment assisted in constructing a line of rifle-pits a short distance in the rear, which was occupied by the division on the night of the 5th instant. At 10 p. m. of the 5th the regiment marched to Jonesborough, at which place we remained throughout the 6th, and on the 7th marched, via Morrow's Mill, to East Point, at which place we arrived at 12 m. and encamped near the station on the Macon railway.

I herewith append a list of casualties of the regiment throughout the campaign in the operations hereinbefore specified.*

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. TAYLOR,

Major, Commanding.

Captain ARCHIE C. FISK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 481.

Report of Colonel Augustus C. Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations May 11-20.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

SIR: Upon my return to the regiment, on the afternoon of May 11, I found it intrenched at or near Snake Creek Gap. We moved out of our intrenchments at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 12th, with the brigade, to the Calhoun Ferry road, where we remained in line of battle during the night. We moved forward on the morning of the 13th, having the advance of the brigade, throwing out skirmishers and flanders. Upon meeting the enemy in line of battle, we halted until the army was concentrated, when we again advanced in line of battle with our skirmishers in advance. We moved forward, continually skirmishing with the enemy, when, just

---------------

*Casualties embodied in table, p. 114.

---------------

