
at dusk, we were ordered to halt at the edge of a woods. Here we were exposed to a severe cross-fire, and in such a situation that we could not damage the enemy, and, after having 5 enlisted men wounded, we were ordered to fall back some thirty yards, where we found shelter and rested for the night. We were under arms on the 14th, and at 6.50 p. m. we moved across Camp Creek, with the rest of the brigade, to the support of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. We took position in line of battle in rear of the Fifty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, awaiting an attack from the enemy. At 10.20 the enemy, not showing a disposition to attack us at once, we commenced to throw up intrenchments. Before daylight our works were finished, and we placed in position as reserve of the brigade, where we remained during the day and night of the 15th. On the morning of the 16th we advanced our skirmishers and found that the enemy had retreated during the night, and we at once marched into the town of Resaca. At 9 a. m. we took up our march in pursuit, and camped for the night on the Calhoun road two miles east of the Oostenaula River. On the morning of the 17th, at 7 o'clock, we continued on our march, having the advance. Taking the Rome road we met the enemy at 4 p. m. near a small creek. We skirmished with them for some time, and after opening upon us with artillery, they were forced to retire, and we went into camp for the night upon the ground lately held by the rebels. On the 18th we were ordered to march in the rear of the corps train, and at 3.20 a. m. of the 19th we halted for a few hours, then rejoined the remainder of our division, and with them went into camp at 1 p. m. near Kingston, Ga., where we now remain.

Our total loss thus far is 8 enlisted men wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. PARRY,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 482.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Robert A. Fulton, Fifty-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 22nd instant the Fifty-third Regiment, under my command, was ordered to advance with the One hundred and eleventh Illinois to support the skirmishers to reconnoiter the position of the enemy near Atlanta. We advanced in line of battle about half a mile, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us to their outer line of fortifications, which were abandoned at our approach. We then again advanced about half a mile to the top of the hill near Atlanta and halted and remained until about 3 p. m., when, finding a superior force of the enemy advancing upon us from their works and about to flank our position, we retired, according to orders, to the line of fortifications held by the enemy in the morning, and then seven companies of the regiment were formed in the rear of the Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer

