
Infantry as a reserve, and were scarcely in position when the enemy charged the works. The Fifty-third was ordered up to the works. They promptly obeyed, and engaged the enemy and opened a brisk fire on them as they advanced, and the lines of the enemy in their front fell into confusion and were retreating, when another column of the enemy, by a concealed approach by the rail and State roads, got in the rear of the battery and the Forty-seventh and Fifty-fourth Ohio Regiments, who were on the left of the Fifty-third Regiment, and attacked them in the flank and captured the battery and turned the left of those regiments, and they retreated in disorder; and the Fifty-third then also fell back in confusion to the second line of fortifications, when the whole line rallied and charged the enemy, but were compelled to fall back a few rods through a chaparral or thicket, when they were again rallied and returned to the charge and assisted the re-enforcements in driving the enemy from the works, and captured quite a number of prisoners, probably 200, who were taken charge of by other regiments and sent to headquarters. We then went into position occupied by the battery. Companies A, F, and D, who had been detached to the support of Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, remained until the guns were spiked and most of the horses killed before they retired. It would be impossible to make a distinction in the conduct of the officers, who all acted with gallantry and bravery and used every exertion to rally and encourage the men, and I saw no indication of cowardice or hesitation in returning to the charge in any, but we became separated during the battle.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. A. FULTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, comdg. 53rd Regiment Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late campaign, commencing on the 1st of May, 1864, and ending on the 8th of September, 1864, resulting in the capture of the city of Atlanta, Ga.:

In obedience to orders from headquarters Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, the regiment marched from Scottsborough, Ala. Nothing of interest occurred until the 12th of May, when my regiment was (by order of Major-General Logan) transferred from the Fourth to the Second Division, Fifteenth army Corps, and assigned to the Second Brigade of said division. On the 13th, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, marched about four miles, formed in line of battle, and moved forward about 12 o'clock; halted on a ridge in sight and in good range of a rebel fortifications on the opposite side of the Oostenaula River, from which we received an enfilading fire, wounding quite a number. Seeing that it would not do to remain in this position, I, by order of Colonel Jones, immediately changed front of two companies to the rear, so as to front the enemy and return the fire. Soon after I was ordered to move by the left flank; marched about half a mile to the left, and formed a new line on the ridge; moved forward

