
across on open field and on to a high hill in sight of the enemy's works; halted here for a few minutes, when the Fifty-third charged down the hill through an open field, driving the enemy from their position; remained here until dark and moved back, taking our place in the line; remained here all night, and until the evening of the 14th, when we were ordered (with the rest of the brigade) to the support of the First Brigade in charging across Camp Creek. Took position on the south side and intrenched ourselves during the night, thinking we would be attacked early in the morning, but were not; remained in this position on the 15th, skirmishing with the enemy. On the 16th, the enemy having evacuated, were ordered to move. The loss of the regiment in this action was 3 enlisted men killed and 39 wounded. We marched about six miles and crossed the Oostenaula River, and advanced about two miles to where our forces were engaged, but the fighting ceased as we arrived. On the 17th we advanced, and marched to the enemy's defenses, and they abandoned them, and we continued to the rear of Spring Hill, when our advance was fired upon. We formed in line of battle, charged them, and they retreated. We again marched several miles, and were again fired upon by artillery. We halted, and our artillery being brought into position, opened fire, and the enemy fled. We then encamped for the night. On the 18th my regiment was guard to wagon train. On the 19th marched to Kingston; remained in camp at that place until the 23d, when we marched nineteen miles to Wharton Creek. On the 24th and 25th to Pumpkin Vine Creek, near Dallas. On the 26th to the east side of Dallas, and the First Brigade engaged the enemy and fought until dark. On the 27th skirmished with the enemy all day and night. On the 28th the enemy charged our line with Finley's brigade of Florida troops, formed in column of regiments, and, owing to the nature of the ground, directed their attack against the Fifty-third principally, and were repulsed with heavy loss, estimated at 600. On the 29th they again charged our lines and were repulsed. On the 30th and 31st skirmished all day.

On the 1st of June marched to New Hope Church,and remained until the 6th, when we marched toward Acworth, and then to Big Shanty until the 15th, skirmishing most of the time. On the 15th the Fifty-third supported the Fourth Division in making a charge and taking a position in advance, and capturing nearly two regiments of prisoners. On the 16th advanced to the first breast-works at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 17th made a feint or demonstration on the enemy's lines. On the 18th skirmished all day, and advanced picket-lines in the night. On the 19th the enemy evacuated their works in our front, and the troops advanced to the foot of the mountain and remained, skirmishing with the enemy, until the 27th, when the Fifty-third, with other regiments of our brigade, charged the enemy's works. We formed line, the Fifty-third Ohio, Eighty-third Indiana, and Thirtieth Ohio forming the front line, supported by the Forty-seventh Ohio, Thirty-seventh Ohio, and Fifty-fourth Ohio Regiments. Our line was formed behind the works occupied by the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. At 8 a. m. the signal was given, and we moved forward over the works, charged through an open field, under a galling fire from the enemy's musketry and artillery, reached the edge of the woods, and crossed the ravine. Here we halted

