
and reformed the line, the enemy keeping up a continuous fire of musketry and artillery from their works. In about fifteen minutes the bugle sounded "forward." In an instant the line moved forward with a yell through the woods and underbrush, over logs and ravines,and mounted the enemy's rifle-pits, situated at the outer edge of the woods, and occupied by the Sixty-third Georgia Regiment. After a desperate hand-to-hand fight, in which the bayonet and butts of muskets were used, we succeeded in capturing their works. We captured about 40 prisoners, killing and wounding more than that number. The rebels fought with a desperation worthy of a better cause. The conduct of our soldiers and officers an this occasion needs no comment. Never did men show more gallantry, mounting the works, shooting the enemy, and beating them over their heads with the butts of their guns. While this desperate struggle was going on the enemy, from their main works, kept up a very destructive fire of musketry and artillery. Their main line of works was in good musket-range, and they did considerable execution. After their first line was taken, we pressed forward toward their main line. After caring through an open field, we reached the crest of a hill in front of their works, which afforded us but slight shelter. Here we were ordered by Colonel Jones to lie down. After lying here about ten minutes, our flank exposed to a terrific cross-fire, and a report that the enemy were trying to get in our rear, we received orders to fall back to the woods, which we did, holding the first line of works we took. We remained in this position until night, when we were relieved by a portion of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Our loss was 3 commissioned officers, Lieutenants Shoop, Bradley,and Misner, wounded, 7 enlisted men killed, and 57 enlisted men wounded.

We went into camp that night and there remained, nothing of interest transpiring until about 3 a. m. of the 2nd of July, when we moved to the right and relieved a portion of General Schofield's command. On the 3rd the Fifty-third marched toward Ruff's Mill, and found the enemy in position with artillery. After being re-enforced by the remainder of the brigade (except the Eighty-third Indiana) charged across an open field, under a heavy fire of grape, canister, and musketry, and drove the enemy from his intrenchments, and remained in position until dark, and were relieved by a portion of the Sixteenth Corps. On the 4th supported the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, when it charged the enemy's position one mile east of the mills. On the 5th marched six miles. On the 6th and 7th remained in position (in reserve). On the 8th marched about four miles and encamped near Nickajack Creek. On the 9th advanced half a mile and fortified. The enemy evacuated during the night. Remained here until the 11th, when we marched on the road to Sandtown. On the 12th and 13th marched past Marietta and encamped near Roswell. On the 14th crossed the Chattahoochee River; remained during the 15th and 16th. On the 17th marched about ten miles toward Atlanta. On the 18th marched to near Stone Mountain, and destroyed about one mile of railroad. On the 19th marched six miles, and after driving the rebel pickets, destroyed one mile of railroad, and then marched to Decatur; formed in line, when the rebels opened fire with artillery, but they retired before we engaged them. On the 20th marched on the Atlanta road, supported the skirmishers, who encountered the enemy's pickets, but

