
rebels from three of them and capturing some 30 prisoners. The enemy being re-enforced drove our skirmishers back. In the afternoon our skirmishers were re-enforced; charged and retook the works and held them. On the evening of the 26th we left these works and moved, with the army, to the right, marching all night and the greater part of the next day (the 27th). Arrived at the Montgomery railroad on the 28th, and encamped for the night. The Fifty-third Ohio and Eighty-third Indiana, under my command, were ordered out to reconnoiter, but returned without finding the enemy. On the 29th four companies, under Captain Parrill, were ordered out for the same purpose, but found no enemy. On the 30th marched on the Jonesborough road about five miles. Encountered the enemy's skirmishers and skirmished with them all day, driving them eight miles, the Fifty-third and Thirty-seventh Ohio Regiments supporting the skirmishers. Charged the enemy several times, the last time from the bridge over Flint River about one mile toward Jonesborough, through dense thickets, fields, &amp;c. On the 31st the enemy charged us several times, but were repulsed without loss to us, but suffered from our fire. About 80 dead and a large number of wounded were found within range of our guns.

The enemy evacuated on the night of the 2nd instant. The Fifty-third brought 8 prisoners and 58 guns, and marched in pursuit of the enemy to near Lovejoy's Station, on the Macon road, and was placed in reserve. On the evening of the 6th we marched back through Jonesborough to our old works. On the 7th marched about ten miles to the fortifications east of Lee's Mills, and on the 8th to this place and encamped.

I cannot close without complimenting the brave and gallant officers and men of this command, who, under all circumstances, stood up to the work like men. It would be invidious to make distinctions where all acted so nobly.

To Adjt. George W. Cavett, who aided me in all engagements, I am particularly indebted, and also to Major Dawes, Captains Parrill, Galloway, Crumit, Lewis, and Fulton, and Lieutenants Shoop, Bailey, Long, Cake, Gilbert, Earles, and Stalder.

Great credit is due Sergt. James D. Roberts, Company H, acting sergeant-major, who, on the 28th of July, grasped the colors from the color bearer, and with a small squad of men, headed by the lamented First Lieutenant James H. Boyce, moved forward and planted them on the brow of the hill amidst a storm of bullets and shell, and staid with them until the enemy withdrew from the field.

I deeply regret to report the loss of the brave and gallant dead who have fallen in this campaign, among whom were the most gallant officers and men of my regiment. Captain James R. Percy, Captain Jacob W. Davis, First Lieutenant Stafford McMillen, and First Lieutenant James H. Boyce, and to the wounded, too much credit cannot be given.

Casualties: Killed, 19; wounded, 201; missing, 16; total, 236.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. FULTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 53rd Regiment Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

[Captain A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.]

