
the 14th, when I received an order to move my regiment across Camp Creek, and form on the right of the First Brigade, sharply engaged with enemy on the range of hills opposite; moved by the flank double-quick and formed on the right of the Eighty-third Indiana in position to enfilade the front of the First Brigade, throwing up a rifle-pit. Remained in position till early in the morning of the 16th, when I received an order from General Lightburn to advance my skirmish line cautiously toward the enemy's works. Sent the order to Captain Fulton, commanding the skirmish line, who advanced the line promptly, and I believe he and his men were the first to enter the works of the enemy.

My losses during the engagement were as follows: Killed, enlisted men, 5; wounded, 42; total, 47.

I cannot close this report without expressing my admiration of the courage exhibited by both officers and men of my command. Major Dawes, whose coolness and courage did much to inspire the men, is worthy of particular mention, as are also Lieutenant-Colonel Fulton, Captains Crumit, Davis, Galloway, and Lewis; Lieutenant Stephenson, my adjutant, rendered me valuable and efficient aid.

Respectfully,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 484.

Reports of Major Israel T. Moore, Fifty-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, of date July 23, 1864, I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by this regiment in action with the enemy on the 22nd instant:

At 8 a. m., in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, we left our works and moved to the front one mile, taking possession of the enemy's works, forming line of battle facing west. Procuring implements we at once went to work reversing and strengthening his works, and by 2 p. m. we had good works completed. Immediately a heavy fatigue party was set to work completing the works from our left to the dirt road. About 2 p. m., and when the works were nearly finished, this party as relieved by the Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteers moving up and taking position on our left at nearly right angles with us. About 2.30 p. m. heavy columns of the enemy were seen approaching our works. We reserved our fire until they were within 150 to 200 yards of us, when we fired by rank, keeping up a continuous fire for about thirty minutes. The enemy in our front broke and ran in much confusion. About this time the regiments on our left broke to the rear, and when discovered, the enemy, with banners flying, were marching in through the works by the dirt road, which was open. Receiving a fire in rear, and left our regiment "changed front to rear on right company," taking shelter in

17 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

