
woods and rear of large brisk house on our right. A column of the enemy coming rapidly trough a deep cut of the railroad enfilade and compelled us to abandon this position. We fell slowly back through thick woods toward the works we left in the morning. Meeting a portion of the regiment that had been formed in rear advancing we formed line of battle, moved forward, retook our works, and pursued the foe, taking about 40 prisoners. Our casualties a list of which is hereto appended, is 3 killed, 23 wounded, 3 officers and 65 enlisted men missing. The officers and men behaved with great gallantry, not one leaving his post until the regiments on our left had retired and the enemy were firing in our rear not three rods distant from us. Capts. John Bell and Edward B. Moore, with many enlisted men, remained in the ditch and were either killed or captured. It is but justice to the men to say that they were all at their posts doing their duty and that there was no skulking.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. T. MOORE,

Major, Commanding Fifty-fourth Ohio Infty, Vols.

Captain A. C. FISK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Near East Point, Ga., September 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report as the part taken by Fifty-fourth Ohio in the campaign from May 1 until the occupation of Atlanta:

Leaving Larkinsville, Ala., May 1, 1864, we marched via Bridgeport and arrived near Chattanooga on evening of 5th May. After turning all surplus transportation and baggage over, in charge of Lieutenant J. W. Shockey, to be stored in Chattanooga, we moved forward May 6, and arrived at Lee and Gordon's Mills at 8 p. m. and bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 8th we moved forward and passed through village of Villanow, and halted near it at 11 p. m., where we supplied ourselves with three days' rations, and rested until 4 a. m. of 9th, when we moved on, passing through Gordon's Gap, halting for the night within three miles of Resaca. Made temporary works, and skirmished with the enemy on 10th. Took position on hills in rear on 12th. Moved forward again on 13th and formed line of battle. Advanced rapidly, driving the enemy's pickets before us, till within musket range of his principal works. Charged over open field on evening of 14th, under heavy fire of enemy's artillery. We lost killed 2, wounded 4. Skirmished with rear guard on retreating enemy on 16th, lost 2 men wounded. Moving to our right, crossed Oostenaula River on pontoon bridge, and bivouacked at dark. Moved forward on 17th at 7 a. m., skirmishing with the enemy all day. 18th, moved forward at 7 a. m., passed through Adairsville at 10 p. m., and bivouacked at 20th, 21st, and 22d. Moved forward at 7 a. m. on morning of 23d, and arrived at and passed through Dallas on evening of 26th,and formed line of battle, facing east. Skirmished with enemy on 27th, losing 3 men wounded. 28th, moved by left flank two rods in rear and in support of Thirtieth

