
Ohio, which occupied the trenches. 4 p. m. the enemy charged us in large numbers, but are everywhere defeated and driven back, with great loss. Our loss, 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men wounded. Kept up skirmish fire during the 29th, 30th, and 31st.

June 1, evacuated our works and moved back through Dallas and to our left, taking position evacuated by General Hooker's corps near New Hope Church, holding these works and skirmishing with the enemy 2d, 3d, and 4th. He evacuated his strong works in our front. On the morning of the 5th we marched about seven miles farther to our left. Continued the march on 6th, passed through Acworth about 12 m. and camped one mile south of it. 7th, 8th, and 9th, resting in camp. 10th, moved forward at 6 a. m., passing through Big Shanty at 12 m.; one mile south of this place came up and skirmished with enemy during the afternoon. At dark formed line [of] battle facing south and dug rifle-pits, finishing them at midnight. Remained in this position 11th and 12th. At daybreak on morning of 13th moved one miles to our left, forming line of battle facing northeast. Remained here until 2 p.m. of the 15th, when we moved half a mile farther to our left; moved back same evening. At 10 a. m. of 16th moved to our right one miles, and halted in woods until 9 p. m., when we relieved an Iowa regiment of Seventeenth Army Corps, we supporting Battery H, First Illinois Artillery. Remained in this position until morning of 19th. The enemy left his works during the night and retreated to Kenesaw Mountain; at 9 a. m. we moved forward and occupied his works; as we advanced he shelled us from top of Kenesaw Mountain. During afternoon we moved forward within a few hundred yards of foot of Kenesaw Mountain and made substantial works. Held our works and skirmished with the enemy till Sunday, June 26, 1864, when we were relieved and moved at dark to our right, around on right of Kenesaw Mountain, and bivouacked at midnight. June 27, in obedience to orders, we left our knapsacks and marched one mile to our right, forming line of battle in rear of our works. At sound of bugle we scaled our works and moved forward over open field under destructive fire of shell, entering thick underbrush; the left of regiment was cut off and moved to left, while the right moved forward within fifty yards of his main works, a few going much closer. Finding it impossible to storm his works, after remaining two hours, were ordered back, forming line 300 yards in rear, where we remained till 11 p. m., when, being relieved, we marched back to place we left in morning. Our loss to-day: commissioned officers wounded, 3; enlisted men wounded, 15; enlisted men killed, 3; enlisted men missing, 2.

Rested here until July 2, when moved at 6 a. m. ten miles to our right, taking position on right of Twenty-third Army Corps and south of Kenesaw Mountain.

At 12 m., July 3,moved forward within 1,000 yards of rebel works, which are across Nickajack Creek, when they opened on us with shell. Forming line in edge of woods, we charged through open field under terrific fire of shell and musketry, driving him from his works, and occupying them ourselves. Lost to-day commissioned officers wounded, 2; enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 9.

July 4, moved several miles to our right, and on the 5th to within three miles of Chattahoochee River, where we remained till 8th, when at 4 p. m. took new position within one mile of river and nine of Atlanta, made strong works, working most of the night.

