
Our loss: Enlisted men wounded, 4; enlisted men missing, 2; worked all night making strong works. 30th, advanced 1,000 yards, and completed works in open field in less than two hours. 31st, 2 men severely wounded, 10 more or less injured by lightning.

August 2, advanced one miles and built very strong works. Remained here, skirmishing with the enemy, till August 8. Our loss from August 2 till 8, enlisted men 6. At 3 a. m. of the 8th advanced 500 yards and made works in open field. Enemy's sharpshooters have good range and cross-fire on us; we dig caves for protection. We remained here, fighting and skirmishing with the enemy, till Friday, August 26. Our loss in this position is: Enlisted men killed, 1; wounded, 8. At 10 p. m. of 26th moved back, evacuating our works, traveling all night and part of next day, we arrived at a point within a few miles of Montgomery railroad; formed line facing south, and made works. Moved forward at 7 a. m. of 28th, and took position on Montgomery railroad; made temporary works of rails and logs. We remained here, effectually destroying railroad, till 30th, when we moved at 7 a. m. for Atlanta and Macon Railroad, my regiment being in advance. About 10 a. m. came up with enemy. Deployed my regiment in line of battle, left resting on dirt road leading to Jonesborough. Being well protected by skirmishers in front and on flank, moved forward some distance, when I deployed the regiment as skirmishers, left resting on same road, advancing a to edge of woods, where halted. The enemy were behind works of rails and houses, about 300 yards in our front and over open field. At command, we moved forward with a yell, driving him rapidly from his works, and rapidly pursued him. A few miles farther on he had stronger works in open field, from which he kept a continual fire on us as we advanced. Forming line under cover of woods and cotton gin, we moved forward at double-quick, driving him front his works and occupying them ourselves. The enemy opened with shell from a battery on our right, with not much damage to us. Waiting till skirmishers on our left came up, we again advanced and rapidly drove them before us till 3 p. m., when we were relieved and took our place in brigade, very much exhausted. At dark arrived at point three-quarters of a mile from railroad; formed line and made works during the night. Our loss to-day is 1 mortally wounded, since died, and 8 severely wounded. August 31, about 3 p. m. our pickets were driven in, and soon we saw the enemy approaching with three heavy lines of infantry, over open fields, on our left and front. When within good musket-range we open on them, firing left oblique. They continued to advance under our destructive fire till within 150 to 200 yards of our works, when the first line broke and fell back. Its place was supplied by a line in reserve, but soon all the lines began to waver and fall back in great confusion. Our loss to-day is 1 killed and 4 wounded. We remained here till September 2, the enemy retiring during the night, pursuing him to near Lovejoy's Station.

General Sherman announced, September 3, our present task was done and the campaign ended.

I cannot speak in terms of too much praise of the conduct of both officers and men of this command. Heroically did they endure the rapid and fatiguing marches of the entire campaign. In action, when every one behaved so well, I would be doing injustice should I particularize any one, yet I cannot close this report without expressing

