
regiments of the First Brigade thirty-three infantrymen, the battery, July 24, was again in "fighting trim." On the night of the 26th of July marched from the extreme left to our extreme right,a distance of fifteen miles. Arrived at our destination July 28. At noon the enemy's skirmishers were found and fighting began. After our forces had driven the enemy about one miles they were found in strong force. Preparations were immediately made to fight the enemy. Only one section of the battery was engaged, but as no shots could be used with effect the section was withdrawn, by order of Major Maurice, chief of artillery of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

The battery was in different positions before Atlanta, Ga., doing good execution with shot and spherical case-shot, until August 26, when at night our army left the works and marched on the Sandtown road toward Jonesborough.

We arrived in the vicinity, near Flint River, and the battery was engaged in the battles on the 31st of August and 1st of September; three horses were killed during the two days.

The battery at this time is in a very needy condition, and a quantity of ordnance and quartermaster's stores are required to fill up deficiencies in order to put the battery in complete condition. At the same time I beg leave to report that sixteen men belonging to this battery are on detached service in different places within the department, and as these men are needed to complete the required number of a four-gun battery, I respectfully request that the same be returned to the battery or other men in place of them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. ECHTE,

First Lieutenant Company F, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Company A, First Illinois Light Artillery.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 486.

Report of Captain Francis De Gress, Battery H, First Illinois Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY H. FIRST ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTY.,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to lay before you a report of the part taken by my battery during this campaign.

My battery arrived at Larkinsville, April 30, from veteran furlough, and started on this campaign, May 1, poorly supplied with horses and material. Passing through Rossville on the 6th, we marched without opposition through Snake Creek Gap, and went into position at the cross-roads, about three miles from Resaca. On the 9th we fell back and took up position on a ridge at Snake Creek Gap. Advanced again on the 12th, and took up position at the cross-roads. On the 13th our army started for Resaca, and I was placed in position on Bald Hill, with the First Division, to fire at the railroad bridge. A rebel battery of eight guns, in a fort 1,100 yards off, opened on me, and after a lively duel I succeeded in silencing it; had 3 men wounded by pieces of shell-Private John Olson, in arm;

