HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, Ga., September 14, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with your directions of date August 25, 1864, I have the honor to transmit the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Archer commanding Seventeenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, stationed at Tilton, Ga.; also report of Captain Snodgrass, commanding detachment of same regiment, stationed at water-tank, north of Tilton. From the reports it will be perceived that there were no casualties previous to the surrender of the stockade at water-tank, and that little or no defense was made. How far this was justifiable it is impossible for me to determine. It is evident they thought there was an overwhelming force, and in the absence of any other information, take it for granted that the officers are correct in their reports. The regiment has always behaved well since being in my command (previous to which I have no knowledge of it), and unless I should see it cold not believe it would be otherwise.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Major S. B. MOE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 488.

Reports of Colonel Green B. Raum, Fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of attack (May 19) on train near Bellefonte, Ala.; capture of train (July 5) near Tilton, Ga; combats (August 14-15) at and near Dalton, Ga., and affair (August 15) near Tilton, Ga.

LARKINSVILLE, May 19, 1864.

At 1 o'clock this morning 8 cars were thrown off the track two miles east of Bellefonte by the removal of a rail. The train was attacked by about forty men. Colonel Hall and Major Welsh each sent two companies to relieve the train. After some firing the rebel withdrew. The engine went to Stevenson.

GREEN B. RAUM.

Lieutenant C. L. WHITE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESACA, July 5, 1864-12 p. m.

A train of 16 cars has been captured and burned three and a half miles south of Dalton to night. Colonel Murray sent 200 men out in that direction this evening. The enemy is reported to be 300 strong. I have advised Colonel Murray to send out an additional force.

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. L. WHITE, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., July 14, 1864.

In compliance with the order from your headquarters, referring a communication from the headquarters of the district to the general

