
arms and accounterments and camp and garrison equipage. We were placed under guard and marched rapidly (eastwardly), passing through Spring Place 3 p. m. of the 15th instant, and camping eight miles northeast of the town, remaining in camp all day on the 16th instant.

At 5 p. m. of the 16th we were taken under guard to General Wheeler's headquarters, and there paroled, when we immediately started on our return with an escort of one commissioned officer and ten men. At Spring Place the escort left us and returned to join their commands.

On the morning of the 17th we continued our march, arriving at Tilton, Ga., at 1 p. m., where I joined my regiment, the Seventeenth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

J. C. SNODGRASS,

Captain, Seventeenth Iowa Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant F. WOOLSEY,

Adjutant, Seventeenth Iowa.

Numbers 493.

Reports of Brigadier General William Harrow, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Report of operations for August 31, 1864.

The command took position last night on the right of the Second Division, forming with double line, and with two regiments deployed as skirmishers, both lines strongly intrenched. Soon after daylight the enemy was discovered busily constructing works in our front. Our batteries were at once put in position, and opening fire soon compelled them to suspend work, and finally drove them from the ground in confusion. At 3 p. m. the enemy opened a heavy fire from artillery, which was followed by an attack of infantry. As soon as the attacking columns were seen approaching our batteries opened on them with telling effect, breaking their lines and throwing them into great confusion. The attack did not extend across our whole front, the heavier part of the attack did not extend across our whole front, the heavier part of the attack being to our right. The enemy were repulsed in two assaults with ease, and were severely punished.

Owing to the nature of the ground it is hard to form a correct estimate of the enemy's loss, the dense undergrowth affording a cover for carrying away his dead and wounded.

Number of prisoners captured, 56; number killed in the engagement, 12; number wounded in engagement, 60; total loss in our front, 128.

WM. HARROW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. J. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

