HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: The following report of the operations of this command is respectfully submitted:

The division left Scottsborough, Ala., on the 1st May, and reached Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 5th, and proceeded from thence, via Crawfish Springs and through Snake Creek Gap, to Resaca, Ga. On the morning of the 13th May, when near the Calhoun road, the command was formed in order of battle, the First Brigade, Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Volunteers, on the left of the First Division, the Second Brigade, then Colonel Charles C. Walcutt, Forty-sixth Ohio (now General Walcutt), and the Third Brigade, Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan Volunteers, in reserve, and in this order moved upon the enemy, meeting but little opposition until the open field on the left of the Resaca road was reached. Here the skirmishers, under Major Johnson, One hundredth Indiana Volunteers, were pushed rapidly forward, and drove the enemy into his works on the ridge west of Resaca. At this time Captain Griffiths, First Iowa Battery, placed two guns in position, and, under cover of the fire from these guns, the skirmishers were again advanced, and drove the enemy from his rifle-pits on the road, when a portion of the troops of the First Division moved forward and took possession. Colonel Williams was now advanced across the open ground in his immediate front, and encountered the enemy in force upon a wooded ridge, protected by a dense undergrowth, and, after a fierce conflict of more than an hour, drove them into their works, where he continued to engage them until his ammunition was exhausted, when he was relieved by the Second Brigade. After the enemy had taken shelter behind his earth-works, two batteries were placed in position and engaged them throughout the day, entirely disabling two rifle guns, which the enemy left on the field. Later in the day the First Brigade was sent to the right of the road as a support to the Second Division, and on the following morning the Second Brigade was moved forward, and took position in rear of the First Division, the Third Brigade continuing to confront the enemy until relieved by a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps. My command did not again actually engage the enemy at this point. The officers and soldiers of each brigade acquitted themselves in a manner highly gratifying. My loss in killed and wounded were about 150, chiefly from the First Brigade. Official lists have been furnished. May 16, the division moved forward, by way of Kingston and Van Wert, arriving at Dallas on the 26th. Soon after passing through the town, the Second Division, then in advance, encountered the enemy's outposts, and, rapidly driving them back, took position in front of his main line. This division was placed in position on the right, the First Brigade forming at nearly a right angle with the road, and being the extreme right of the Army of the Tennessee. On the 27th May the enemy attacked this command, directing the assault chiefly against the Second Brigade, with the evident purpose of dislodging them from their position resting on the crest of the ridge and crossing the Villa Rica road. The attack was made with much energy and persisted in for an hour, when it was abandoned, and the enemy retired, leaving his dead and wounded and 30 prisoners. During

