
the night following the command strengthened their position by throwing up slight earth-works. On the 28th, our position remaining unchanged, Captain Griffiths, chief of artillery, moved three guns 150 yards beyond my main line, where they were placed in position, and opened upon the enemy's works, 600 yards to the front. Almost at the instant these guns commenced firing a second assault, in greater force and more obstinate than that of the day previous, was made upon the entire line of the Second Brigade, and upon the right of the Third and left of the First Brigade. The struggle was maintained with great spirit and determination on the part of the enemy for near two hours, and was met with unsurpassed gallantry, resulting in complete defeat to the enemy with severe loss, most of his dead and many of his wounded being left upon the field. Colonel Dickerman, One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers, and Major Giesy, Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, commanding his regiment, were killed in this action while exhibiting the courage and soldierly qualities that so distinguished each. At the first onset of the enemy Captain Griffiths, with the assistance of Captain Percy, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers, at great personal hazard to themselves, withdrew the guns that had been placed in front of my lines.

On the morning of the 1st June the command moved from Dallas to New Hope Church, there relieving a division of the Twentieth Army Corps, taking their position in front of the enemy, and constructing works so near to his lines that during the night of the 4th June they were abandoned, a line of pickets being left to cover the evacuation, which to the number of 70 were captured next morning. On the 5th the division moved in the direction of Acworth, and the day following encamped one mile beyond that place, on the road leading to Big Shanty, and, remaining there until the 10th June, moved forward and took position on the south side of the railroad and near Big Shanty Station. On the 15th June I received orders to move across the railroad and to the left of the Seventeenth Corps, for the purpose of making a demonstration against the enemy's right flank, then supposed to rest on a wooded ridge to the left and front of the Seventeenth Corps. Reaching the point indicated, General Walcutt was directed to form his brigade and move upon the enemy; this he did promptly, supported by Colonel Oliver, commanding Third Brigade, Colonel Williams, First Brigade, moving so as to protect my left. When General Walcutt formed his command, the enemy immediately opened fire upon him, whereupon he ordered a charge upon their works. This was made under a destructive fire. When General Walcutt's command reached the low ground at the base of the ridge, upon the crest of which the enemy's main force were posted, they were surprised to find their advance obstructed by Noonday Creek, a narrow, but deep stream with steep banks, but the gallant men of his brigade, without hesitation, plunged into the stream and struggled up the opposite bank, charging the enemy in his works, drove them in complete rout from their position, killing and wounding 50, and capturing 400 prisoners, among whom were 20 commissioned officers. This was a brilliant affair, successfully accomplished after a short but severe contest, and too much praise cannot be awarded the officers and soldiers who participated. Later in the day the division was relieved, and retired behind the main lines, where we remained until the 25th June, when I was ordered to the right, and took position near the base of Kenesaw Mountain. On the evening of the 26th I was ordered to send the Second Brigade of my

