
of our line, but more than all these to the splendid bravery and tenacity of the men and the ability and skill of the officers of the Army of the Tennessee.

Very soon after the battle commenced Major General James B. McPherson was killed by the enemy's infantry. General McPherson fell in command of the Army of the Tenessee on the field of batle. He was an earnest patriot, a brave and accomplished officer, in all his intercourse with others a true gentleman, and held in the highest degree the confidence and esteem of the officers and men of his command. He met the death of a patriot soldier, universally lamented by those he commanded and by the nation whose Government and flag he gave his life to defend.

During the progress of the battle the Second Brigade of the Foutrth Division of the Sixteenth Corps, commanded by Colonel J. W. Sprague, which had been stationed at Decatur to protect the trains of the army, was attacked by a considerable force of the enemyl. The brigade made a successful fight against great odds of numbers, and saved the trains. As I was ot upon the ground, I beg leave to refer to the report of Colonel Sprague, herewith forwarded, for the details of his operations. To the general officers in command of the different corps I am very greatly indebted. They all fought their troops with signal ability and skill.

After I had assumed command of the army the officers of General McPherson's staff reported to me for duty. I am under very great obligations to them. They gave me valuable information as to the position of the troops, and rendered important assistance.

The losses of the army amounted in the aggeagate to 3,722, as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Fifteenth Army Corps	 118	 414	 535	 1,067

Sixteenth Army Corps	 103	 584	 167	 854

Seventeenth Army Corps	 209	 561	 1,031 	 1,801

Total	 430	 1,559	 1,733	 3,722

The discrepancy between this aggregate of casualties and that which was transmitted immediately after the battle* is explained by the fact that the loss of Colonel Sprague's brigade, of the Sixteenth, was not included in the reported loss of the Sixteenth Army Corps. We also lost 12 pieces of artillery, viz: Fifteenth Army Corps, 4 guns; Sixteenth Army Corps, 6 guns; Seventeenth Army Corps, 2 guns. The discrepancy of 2 guns between this number and that reported after the battle is accounted for by the 2 guns lost by the Seventeenth Corps which were not reported to me at that time. For other and fuller details of the casualties, I beg leave to refer to the reports of corps commanders, herewith forwarded.

The loss of the enemy was very severe, including a general officer, Major- General Walker, and a number of field and line officers. We captured 18 stand of colors, something over 5,000 stand of small [arms], and in addition to a large number of wounded left on the field, including 33 officers of rank, 1,017 prisoners. The corps commanders reported, by my orders, the dead in their respective front. We have buried and delivered to the enemy, under a flag of truce sent in by them, in front of the Seventeenth Corps, 1,000. The number of their dead in front of the Fourth Division of the same

---------------

*See p. 21.

---------------

