
command to report to Brigadier General M. L. Smith, to assist his command in an assault upon the enemy's works, to be made early the day following.

I respectfully refer to the report of General Walcutt accompanying this, as also to the report of Brigadier General M. L. Smith, for an account of their conduct on the 27th June. Lieutenant-Colonel Barnhill, Fortieth Illinois Volunteers, was killed in this action at the head of his regiment and within a few yards of the enemy's works.

Nothing worthy of particular mention occurred between 27th June and the 2nd July. During the night of the latter day the enemy abandoned their stronghold on the Kenesaw Mountain, and on the morning of July 3 the command moved into Marietta, capturing over 100 of the enemy's pickets and stragglers.

July 5, moved forward on the Sandtown road and united with the Seventeenth Corps. Took position near Nickajack Creek, at which latter place built strong works, and remained there until 12th of July, when the command marched, by way of Marietta and Rosewll, to the south side of the Chattahoochee River, and on the 17th reached Nancy's Creek, where the Second Brigade was put into position on the south side of the creek, the Third and First Brigades remaining in supporting distance on the north side. Here occasional skirmishing with the enemy occurred, but with no special results. July 20, reached a position some three miles west of Decatur, and moved forward, in conjunction with the Seventeenth Corps, to the immediate front of the enemy. July 22, during the night of the 21st the enemy abandoned his works in my front. This fact being discovered shortly after daylight, the command moved forward near half a mile and took possession of the position lately occupied by the enemy, and immediately proceeded to reverse his line of works; the First Brigade on the right, the Third in the center, and the Second on the left; the Second Brigade connecting with the right of the Seventeenth Corps, and the First connecting with the left of the Second Division of the Fifteenth Corps. About noon of the 22nd of July a rapid fire of musketry to the left and rear of my command was heard. I immediately ordered two regiments of the Third Brigade and a section of artillery into the works they had left in the earlier part of the day. This disposition was scarcely complete before the sound of artillery into the works they had left in the earlier part of the day. This disposition was scarcely complete before the sound of artillery and musketry unmistakably indicated that an attack was being made upon the left flank and rear of the Army of the Tennessee. I at once attempted to anticipate any action of the enemy, by directing General Walcutt to face to the rear, and swing his command around so as to face toward our left flank, supplying the place of the troops taken from the front line by extending the lines of the First and Third Brigades. By the time General Walcutt had executed the order, the enemy appeared, emerging from the woods in his then front. He immediately attacked them, checked their advance, and finally drove them in great disorder under cover of the woods. In this action a portion of the Third Brigade, participated. The struggle was short and decisive, entirely disconcerting the enemy's plans and affording to the Seventeenth Corps time to collect and reorganize their broken and scattered lines. After this repulse comparative quiet pervaded for a short time, when the enemy from the direction of Atlanta moved upon my immediate front, and commenced a vigorous attack. While my command was engaged in meeting this force, I received a message from Brigadier-General Smith saying the Second Division lines had been broken, and that

