
they had retired to an interior line of works. I at once replied to him that my lines were unbroken, and that they would be held, but in a short time the enemy appeared in the rear of the First Brigade, having passed through the lines of the Second Division, and attacking Colonel Williams in the rear. He ordered his command to retire to the line they had occupied in the morning. This also induced Colonel Oliver to order his line to the rear. While their movements were in progress, I was passing along the line toward the right. As soon as I discovered the troops retiring, and learning they had been ordered to do so, I at once countermanded the order, and hastened to find Colonel Oliver and learn why such order had been given. Upon meeting with him, I for the first time learned that Colonel Williams had fallen back. I at once took prompt measures to recover our lines, ordering Colonel Oliver to return to his position, and Colonel Williams to his. These orders were promptly executed, and soon our lines were entirely restored. During this action Colonel Greathouse, Forty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, was killed while gallantly leading his regiment. No braver man or better soldier has given his life to his country. Although very young, scarcely twenty-two years of age, he displayed those qualities which would have rapidly commanded for him a higher position. I regret to add that during this engagement the gallant Major Johnson, One hundredth Indiana Volunteers, my picket officer, was captured by the enemy in the gorge to the rear and right of my lines, while encouraging the troops to hold their position. He possessed in a high degree all those qualities which make the accomplished soldier, and his loss is severely felt. During the engagement the Second and Third Brigades were frequently compelled to change their position, fighting the enemy both front and rear. All their movements were characterized by the utmost coolness,and to their courage and valor a large shore of the success of the day is due. During the night of the 26th July the division moved to the right, reaching on the evening of the 27th a point near the Green's Ferry road, and early the following morning moved forward, maintaining a position at a right angle with the command of Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division; the Third Brigade, Colonel Oliver, forming the connection with the First and Second Brigades moving within the lines, and parallel to the Third. This order of march was continued; our lines facing east and south until 11 a. m., when the enemy's skirmishers began to dispute farther progress. Everything indicating the enemy to be near, our lines were rapidly armed along a wooded crest facing nearly south, the First Brigade on the right, the Third on the left, and Second in reserve. The line was not entirely formed before the enemy attacked in large force and with great desperation. After a brief struggle their first line gave way; a second was moved forward, but after a severe struggle met a like fate. The woods in our front afforded the enemy an opportunity of reforming his broken lines unperceived. The assault upon my lines was repeated six times between 12 m. and 5 p. m., and in every instance were met and repulsed with great slaughter, until finally sundown greeted us as victors upon the most stubbornly contested and bloodiest battle-field of the campaign. The battle was fought by the Fifteenth Corps against four times their numbers, without the advantage of works on either side. If the soldiers of the Fifteenth Corps had no other claim to consideration than their efforts on that day, it would be enough to entitle

