
them to the lasting gratitude of their country. In this engagement the gallant Major Ennis, Sixth Iowa Volunteers, was killed while encouragingly his example the men of his command.

After the engagement of the 28th the enemy fell back and intrenched themselves, covering the Lick Skillet road. My command marched forward until in plain view of their works, when, on the 3rd of August, finding that their skirmishers were so near as to prevent the occupation of a ridge which it was thought desirable to hold, I was ordered by the corps commander to drive them off. This my skirmishers proceeded to do, but the enemy re-enforcing their own retook the position. I then sent an additional force against them, under charge of Major Brown, Seventieth Ohio Volunteers, who gallantly charged, drove them from and held the position. The contest was sharp and spirited, and although successful was purchased at a high price, costing the life of Major Brown and the killing and wounding of 60 of his command. When Major Brown fell mortally wounded, he said to those near him, "Say to General Harrow I died like a soldier doing my duty." He is now beyond the reach of praise or censure, but has left a record which would honor to proudest in the land.

August 4, on this day the One hundredth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Heath, and the Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Gillmore, commanding, were transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, and the entire organization of the Third Brigade transferred to the First, thus consolidating the command into two brigades, the first commanded by Colonel Oliver, the second continuing to be commanded by Brigadier-General Walcutt, and thus organized were placed in position in immediate front of the enemy, covering the Green's Ferry and Lick Skillet road. The command constructed strong earth-works, and day by day approached the enemy's works, until the lines were not above 300 yards apart. Constant skirmishing between the opposing forces was kept up until the night of the 26th August, resulting in severe losses to the division, amounting in the aggregate to over 250 men, including many valuable officers, among them Captain Percy, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers, the engineer officer of the division. He was a brave and conscientious soldier and an ornament to the army. During the twenty-four days the command remained in this position the men were kept constantly in the trenches, the slightest exposure endangering their lives, all of which was submitted to with a degree of cheerfulness unprecedented. While our own losses were heavy the punishment inflicted upon the enemy was greater, as evidenced by subsequent examination of the position occupied by the enemy, and the number of the dead there buried. On the night of the 26th the command was withdrawn and moved to the right, by way of Camp Creek, reaching the West Point railroad, between Red Oak and Fairburn, on the 28th, and immediately proceeded to tear up and destroy several miles of the track, remaining at this point until the 30th. The command moved on the latter day to Flint river and crossing that stream occupied and intrenched a position within half a mile of Jonesborough, on the right of the road leading into the town; the Second Division occupying the left and the First Division the right. August 31, at 3.30 p. m. of this day the enemy moved up my lines in large force, and attacked the entire line, when followed a spirited engagement for an hour and a half before

