
the enemy finally retired, the enemy, however, not exhibiting his usual impetuosity. Notwithstanding the attack was easily repulsed, the enemy lost very heavily in killed and wounded. During the day and the morning following the command captured 130 prisoners, including a number of officers.

During the night of the 1st September the enemy evacuated Jonesborough, leaving a large number of his wounded. At 3 a. m. of the 2nd September the skirmishers of the Second Brigade of this division were the first to enter the town, securing a number of wounded, which the enemy were endeavoring to remove by railroad, and capturing the servant and horses, with equipments, of Brigadier-General Gist, of the rebel army, he narrowly escaping capture by getting upon the train upon which the wounded were being placed. The enemy were pursued this day five miles south of Jonesborough, the Fourth Division in advance, where this command remained until the 5th September, when farther pursuit was abandoned, and the division returned to this East Point, arriving here on the evening of the 8th instant.

Connected with the division during the campaign were two batteries-First Iowa Battery, formerly Captain Griffiths, now Lieutenant Gay, commanding, and Battery F, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain Burton commanding. During the greater part of the campaign Captain Griffiths was chief of artillery. He is a brave, intelligent, earnest soldier, and always performed his duties promptly and efficiently. His term of enlistment having expired, he was succeeded by Captain Burton, who has discharged his duties with zeal and fidelity. Each of these officers have my thanks for their efficient services.

I have not heretofore specially mentioned Colonel Robert F. Catterson, of the Ninety-seventh Indiana Volunteers. During a portion of the campaign he was prostrated by disease, but his services before and since his recovery mark him as a model soldier, deserving the highest commendation and reward.

The number of officers and soldiers who have distinguished themselves is far too great for mention in this report, and I must content myself with thanking them collectively for their gallantry and the cheerfulness with which they have borne privation, and for their cordial support, without which my own efforts would have been fruitless.

I have lost 1 staff officers, Captain Percy, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers, killed; 1, Major Johnson, One hundredth Indiana Volunteers, captured; and 3 wounded-Captain Lasley, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers; Captain Wilkinson, One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers; and Captain Ira J. Bloomfield, all of whom have distinguished themselves by their uniform gallant conduct.

Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers, for a time acting assistant inspector-general, was relieved at his own request, that he might take command of his regiment when his commanding officer, Colonel Dickerman, was killed. He is a gallant officer, and one to whom I am under many obligations.

Surgeon Cake, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers, has always shown himself faithful and efficient in providing for the care and comfort of the sick and wounded, and he will long be remembered by many a grateful soldier for his kindness and attention.

My aides, Lieutenant Van Dyke, Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers, and Lieutenant Baugh, Fortieth Illinois Volunteers, have each been

