
conspicuous for their conduct before the enemy, and their promptness in rendering such services as were required and pertain to their respective positions.

Captain Cornyn, commissary of subsistence, has shown himself a competent and faithful officer, and has discharged his very arduous duties in the most satisfactory manner.

Captain Morlan, assistant quartermaster, has been prompt and efficient in the performance of his duties.

Lieutenant Cain, mustering officer for the division, had discharged his whole duty. And to each of these, my staff officers, my thanks are warmly tendered.

On the 31st August Private William Sharp, Company C, and John Hettinger, Company F, One hundredth Indiana Volunteers, were killed while performing duty as orderlies. They had each been with me during the entire campaign, and were ever faithful and prompt. The first named was as gallant a soldier as I ever saw; the latter, but a mere boy, seemed never to fear danger, and for no two soldiers of the command have I felt more regret.

The division, on this campaign, took from the enemy in battle 8 flags, and captured 1,400 prisoners. My own losses from casualties in battle number in the aggregate 1,988, exclusive of over 300 slightly injured.

A report for so great a length of time, and where the conflicts with the enemy have been so frequent, must necessarily be very general, and perhaps fail to do justice to all, but such deficiency is no doubt supplied by regimental and brigade commanders in their reports.

I trust the corps commander will find in the conduct of my commanded, especially when before the enemy, much cause for gratification. The greater part of the action of officers and men under his personal observation, and none is better fitted than himself to determine how far they have discharged their whole duty as soldiers and patriots.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HARROW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Div., 15th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 494.

Reports of Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 16-August 3.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

In accordance with orders received from headquarters Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I would most respectfully report, that on the morning of the 22nd July information was received that the enemy had evacuated the line of works immediately in my front, and in accordance therewith the general commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, ordered that my skirmishers should be pushed forward, which was done, meeting with no resistance except

