
at any one time. Out of the ninety-five days they have been together there are but thirty-one of which they were not under fire of the enemy's guns. Officers and men, who endure uncomplainingly such a campaign, cannot be too highly spoken of.

My thanks are especially due to all my regimental commanders for the promptness with which they have obeyed every order, and the

assistance rendered on more occasions than one.

In this particular I also desire to express my thanks and high appreciation of the gentlemanly conduct and soldierly qualities of my personal staff. Captain Ira J. Bloomfield, my acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain George Nelson, inspector-general, and Lieutenants Henry G. Collis and Lawrence McCarthy, aides-de-camp, deserve especial mention for bravery in battles and strict attention to their duties on all occasions.

I deeply regret the loss from the service at the present time of Major John B. Harris, wounded (Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry), and Major R. M. Johnson, captured on the 22nd ultimo, formerly of the brigade, but more recently of your staff. Their places can hardly be filled, and their loss will be deeply felt in their respective regiments.

Inclosed I transmit the official reports of regimental commanders, with the exception of the One hundredth Indiana Infantry, who are now at Marietta, and consequently our of my reach.

Official lists of casualties have been furnished your headquarters daily, and consequently they are omitted in this report.*

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

[REUB. WILLIAMS,]

Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE J. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.

Numbers 495.

Reports of Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 4-September 8.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the casualties and operations of the First Brigade on September 1 as follows: Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, 2 enlisted men killed, 3 wounded, 1 missing in action; Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, 2 enlisted men killed, 1 wounded, 1 commissioned officer wounded (Captain Keneipp); Ninetieth Illinois Infantry, 2 enlisted men wounded; total loss, 12. At daylight yesterday morning the order having been given to advance our line of skirmishers, composed of details from the Fifteenth Michigan and Forty-eighth Illinois, for the purpose of feeling the enemy's lines, Captain Keneipp, Forty-eighth Illinois, commanding was wounded, and the advance promptly made under direction of Lieutenant H. E. McNeil, of the Fifteenth. They pressed forward over the rifle-pits of the enemy, within fifty yards of their main line of works, capturing 32 prisoners, 3 of whom were commissioned officers.

---------------

*Casualties embodied in table, p. 115.

---------------

19 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

