
road, and kept one-half of the brigade employed during the night in destroying it. 29th, the Twelfth Indiana Infantry detached as train guard. 30th, marched eleven miles, and went into position half a mile from Jonesborough at 8 p. m., Seventieth Ohio and Ninety-ninth Indiana in front, Forty-eighth Illinois and Fifteenth Michigan in reserve, and Ninetieth Illinois deployed as skirmishers. This position was well fortified during the night by the two regiments in front. 31st, constructed an interior line of works during the forenoon, and had severe skirmishing until 2.30 p. m., when the enemy were seen forming columns for assault; our skirmishers were briskly attacked and driven in; and for a short time the enemy made a determined effort to drive us from our position, but were repulsed handsomely. The engagement was quite spirited. The officers and men of the command behaved with gallantry, no men straggling or leaving their posts. The severity of the affair of the 31st was not realized until after we got into Jonesborough and saw the number of men wounded, and heard them talk of the slaughter of that assault on our lines. As soon as the enemy's columns had been driven back, the Ninetieth Illinois was deployed as skirmishers, and again advanced to their old position, which they re-occupied, taking 26 prisoners. In the engagement our total loss was 23.

September 1, at daylight the order was given to advance our line of skirmishers, composed of details from the Forty-eighth Illinois and Fifteenth Michigan, for the purpose of feeling the enemy's lines. Captain Keneipp, Forty-eighth Illinois, commanding, was wounded, and the advance was promptly made under the direction of Lieutenant McNeil, Fifteenth Michigan, next in command. They pressed forward on the rifle-pits of the enemy, within fifty yards of the enemy's main line of works, capturing 33 prisoners, 3 of whom were officers. The gallant conduct of Lieutenant Edwards, Fifteenth Michigan, on this occasion, is worthy of great praise, and the commanding officer takes pleasure in announcing that it has elicited the marked approbation of the general commanding the division. September 2, skirmishers advanced at dawn, and finding the enemy's works abandoned, pressed forward to the railroad, capturing 1 officer and 7 men. Moved in pursuit at 9 a. m., along the railroad, to the vicinity of Lovejoy's Station, and erected, during the night, a strong line of works, at a distance of 400 to 600 yards from those of the enemy. September 3 and 4, brisk skirmishing. At 8 p. m., September 5, withdrew to our position at Jonesborough. September 7, marched seven miles to Morrow's Mill. September 8, marched five miles to East Point.

In making a report of so extended a campaign as this, lasting such a length of time, and with a command that has been so uniformly successful under so many adverse circumstances, and where all alike behaved with great and distinguished courage and devotion, to particularize in especial mentions is unnecessary. I have, though, this to say, for all that, notwithstanding our earful losses and the terrible battles we have been through, we have always been successful. We have never turned our backs upon the enemy, and have taken in prisoners, and of wounded and killed that fell into our hands, more than our aggregate loss, to say nothing of the killed and wounded carried off by the enemy. The records of the regiments of this brigade, through this long and exhausting campaign, are brighter than any ever previously made. They have been true, devoted, constant, and loyal. All the officers, staff, field, and line,

