
with their men, have my sincere thanks and the proud satisfaction that they have contributed their full share toward the crowning result of the great campaign, "the capture of Atlanta."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. OLIVER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain I. J. BLOOMFIELD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division.

Numbers 496.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert A. Gillmore, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFTY., SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from Colonel Reuben Williams, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I moved, with my command, from Scottsborough, Ala., on the 1st of May, 1864, passing Stevenson, Ala., on the 3d, arriving in the vicinity of Chattanooga on the 5th. Our transportation being reduced to three wagons, all surplus baggage and stores being stored at Chattanooga, on the morning of May 6, in obedience to orders received, I moved forward with my command, passing through Villanow, Ga., on the 10th, Snake Creek Gap on the 11th, arriving in the vicinity of Resaca, Ga., on the 12th. May 13, in obedience to orders received from Colonel Williams, commanding First Brigade, I moved my command forward and went into position on the left of the brigade. Immediately upon getting into position, in obedience to orders, I sent out 100 men as skirmishers, in charge of Second Lieutenant Charles E. Linsley, Company A, and Second Lieutenant Asail Carson, Company D, commanded by Captain Owen W. Walls, Company C. Soon after the skirmishers were sent forward, I was ordered to move my command forward. Conforming my movements to that of the troops on my right, I moved my command steadily forward, through a heavy growth of timber and underbrush, for three-quarters of a mile, under a steady fire from the enemy's skirmish line and a shower of shot and shell from the enemy's artillery, when, having arrived at the edge of the timber, I was ordered to halt. I then received an order from Colonel Williams, commanding brigade, to send out two companies to the support of the skirmish line. I sent out Company B, commanded by Second Lieutenant Theodore Schermerhorn, and Company G, commanded by Captain Bernard Flynn. Soon after I again received orders to move forward, driving the enemy's lines and artillery before us. We were them moved by the left flank half a mile to the left, where we again formed our line and advanced, through a thick growth of timber and underbrush, to where we found the enemy in strong position, and opened a heavy fire on his lines, which we continued for one hour, when, our ammunition being expended, I received orders to withdraw my regiment. I was then placed in reserve of the Fourth Division, having had during the day 31 wounded, 3 missing, and 5 killed. May 14, we

