
remained in reserve, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, until late in the evening, when we were ordered to move quickly half a mile to the right to the support of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. May 15, we remained in support of Second Division. May 16, the enemy having retreated during the night, we started in pursuit, and encamped same day ten miles from Resaca, Ga., on the north bank of the Oostenaula River. May 17, we again started in pursuit, continuing the pursuit from day to day, nothing of interest transpiring until the 20th, when we arrived at Kingston, Ga., where we remained until the 23d, when we again started in pursuit of the enemy, continuing after the enemy until the 27th, when we found them strongly fortified near Dallas. In obedience to orders received from Colonel Williams, I moved my command forward and took position on the right of the brigade, under a heavy fire of shot and shell from the enemy's guns. During the afternoon and night we threw up some slight works for protection from the enemy's artillery. May 28, the enemy twice assaulted our lines in heavy force, and were handsomely repulsed each time with severe loss. They were driven from the field in great confusion, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands.

We remained in this position near Dallas until the morning of June 1, 1864, when, in obedience to orders received, I moved, with my command, seven miles to the left, and went into position near New Hope Church, where we remained, skirmishing with the enemy night and day, until the morning of the 5th June. The enemy having retreated during the previous night, we moved to the left, arriving at Acworth on the 7th, where we remained until the morning of June 10, when we moved forward to Big Shanty, where we went into line on the left of the brigade. Nothing of interest transpiring until the 15th, when we were moved two miles to the left, and assaulted the enemy's lines successfully, capturing a number of prisoners and inflicting a severe loss on the enemy in killed and wounded, our own loss being small. We held the ground the enemy had occupied until evening, when we were relieved by other troops, and placed in reserve, where we remained until the evening of the 19th, when we were moved two miles to the right, and went into position at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, where we remained, skirmishing with the enemy, until the morning of the 3rd July. The enemy having evacuated the mountain during the night of the 2d, July 3, we moved around to the left of Kenesaw Mountain, and occupied Marietta, Ga. July 4, we moved twelve miles southeast, and encamped on the Sandtown road, five miles, and encamped near Nickajack Creek. July 6, moved half a mile; formed our line on the right of the brigade. July 7, moved forward half a mile, and threw up works during the night within 500 yards of the enemy's lines, where we remained until the morning of July 12. The enemy having withdrawn across the Chattahoochee River, in obedience to orders receive, we moved back through Marietta, and crossed the Chattahoochee River at Roswell on the 14th; moving up on the south side three-quarters of a mile, we encamped for the night. July 15, we threw up a strong line of works, and remained in this position until the morning of the 19th, when we moved forward toward Atlanta, Ga., passing through Decatur, July 20, driving the enemy before us. After passing the latter place three miles, we formed our lines in a dense woods, and moved forward half a mile, under a

