
heavy fire of shot and shell from the enemy's artillery, after which we threw up a line of works, in which we remained until the morning of the 22d, the enemy having evacuated their main line. Our skirmishers charged the enemy's skirmish line, and drove them into Atlanta. Our main line then moved forward, and occupied the enemy's works, which we immediately proceeded to change to front the city. We were still engaged on the works, when heavy firing was heard on our left. We were then ordered into position on the left of the brigade. Soon after getting into position, we again received orders to move to the left, to the support of Colonel Charles C. Walcutt, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Having reported to Colonel Walcutt, my command was ordered into position on the front side of the works facing to the rear. The enemy at that time coming in heavy force, assaulted our lines, but were repulsed. The enemy having been repulsed from the rear, and hearing firing in the front, my command were immediately ordered to climb their works to repel an assault from the front. Scarcely had my command climbed the works when the enemy were seen advancing on us in heavy force. As soon as they came within easy range of our muskets, we opened a fire upon them, which checked them for but a moment, when they again charged forward, breaking the lines on the right of us. They then occupied the works on our right, when my men changing their fire to a right oblique we successfully enfilade the enemy's lines, and drove them from the works. The enemy assaulted our lines twice afterward, and were finally repulsed and driven from the field in great confusion, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. We remained in this position until the night of the 26th, when I received orders to move.

At 3 a. m. on the 27th I moved, with my command, around in rear of the Armies of the Cumberland and Ohio, encamping for the night in rear of the Fourteenth Army Corps. July 28, we again moved to the right and took our position on the right of the brigade. About 9 a. m. we began moving forward, driving the enemy's skirmish line before us, until we reached the crest of a timbered ridge, where we were ordered to halt. The enemy here gave us a terrific shower of shot and shell. I moved my command to the rear of the crest, that they might be better protected, and directed a few men from each company to gather such articles as could be had and placed them on the top of the ridge for the purpose of building a line of works. We had hardly been in this position half an hour when the enemy assaulted our lines in heavy force, and were handsomely repulsed. They assaulted our lines during the day four times, the fourth being the most desperate assault of the day. They came up in front of my command with five stand of colors and got within ten steps of my men and were driven from the field in great confusion and with great slaughter, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands. We captured a number of prisoners, 1 stand of colors, and buried 129 of the enemy in our immediate front. Our loss during the day was 5 enlisted men killed and 35 wounded. July 29, we advanced our lines half a mile, where we remained until the 3rd August, when we again advanced our lines half a mile, and our skirmishers, under the command of Captain Walls, had quite a spirited engagement with the enemy's skirmish line. Our skirmish line charged the enemy's for the purpose of getting possession of a high ridge which was occupied by the enemy midway between our

