
lines. We drove the enemy from their line, taking 34 prisoners. Soon afterward, the enemy being re-enforced, charged our skirmish line and drove them back and again occupied the ridge. After waiting a couple of hours, our skirmish line again charged the enemy and drove them from the ridge and held it, taking in the second charge 38 prisoners.

August 4, we received an order transferring us to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Brigadier General Charles C. Walcutt commanding. We remained in the position occupied by us on the 3rd until the night of the 26th, when we moved back from our works and moved around five miles to the right, and encamped on Lick Skillet Creek. August 27, we again moved to the right, arriving on the Montgomery railroad on the 28th, which we proceeded to destroy. August 29, we rested near the Montgomery railroad. August 30, we moved forward, driving the enemy before us until night, when we went into line within one mile of Jonesborough, where we threw up a strong line of works during the night. August 31, the enemy assaulted our works in heavy force, and were repulsed and driven from the field, our loss during the day being 1 commissioned officer killed and 2 enlisted men wounded.

We remained in this position until the morning of the 2nd September, when, the enemy having evacuated Jonesborough, we started in pursuit. After skirmishing with the enemy's rear guard for five miles we found them strongly intrenched, where we remained skirmishing with the enemy until the night of the 5th September, Walcutt, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I moved, with my command, back to Jonesborough.

The officers and men of my command have borne their part during the campaign cheerfully. All having done their duty on every occasion as soldiers, I am unable to particularize.

All of which I have the honor to most respectfully submit.

Very respectfully,

ROBERT A. GILLMORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Illinois Infty.

Captain EDWARD N. UPTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 497.

Report of Major Edward Adams, Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operations August 3-September 7.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the 3rd day of August, 1864, the Forty-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry furnished 100 men and 3 commissioned offices for skirmish duty. The skirmish line was immediately advanced to the crest of the hill, upon which we subsequently constructed works. The regiment moved out and occupied the line of works which had been constructed by the skirmishers on the crest of the hill August 9, 1864, and remained in the ditches and on the skirmish line until the night of the 26th, when we were ordered to the

