
right. The regiment moved out of the works at 10 p. m., in rear of the Ninetieth Illinois Infantry and in advance of the Seventieth Ohio Infantry. The skirmishers were withdrawn at 2 o'clock of the morning of the 27th. The regiment marched, with the several other regiments of the brigade, until the evening of the 27th at 6 p. m., when we were halted and ordered to take our respective positions on the extreme right of the Army of the Cumberland.

Here we remained until the morning of the 28th. We moved to the vicinity of the railroad, where we halted at 5 p. m. At 8 p. m. the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry was ordered to the railroad for the purpose of destroying and burning the railroad. After tearing up and burning more than three times the length of the regiment of railroad we were relieved at midnight and ordered to resume our position in the brigade adjacent to the railroad; here we remained thirty hours. On the morning of the 30th we resumed the march, moved to the vicinity of Jonesborough, south-southeast from Atlanta, where we constructed works on the night of the 30th and morning of the 31st.

We remained in our works until the morning of the 2nd September, when we were ordered to pursue the retreating enemy. We marched to the vicinity of Lovejoy's Station, where we again found the enemy strongly intrenched. Here we constructed works during the night of the 2nd and morning of the 3d. The Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry was formed in line on the left of the Seventieth Ohio Infantry and on the right of the Thirty-first Iowa Infantry (which was on the extreme right of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps). We remained in these last-named works until the night of the 5th, when we were ordered to evacuate the works. We left the works at 9 p. m. and marched directly to Jonesborough, where we resumed our position in the works which we had constructed on the night of the 30th and morning of the 31st August, where we remained until the morning of the 6th, when we evacuated these works and marched to Morris' Mill, where we remained until the 7th, when we marched to East Point, and took up our present position.

I am, captain, respectfully,

EDWARD ADAMS,

Major Forty-eight Illinois Infty. Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain JOHN CAMPBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 498.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Owen Stuart, Ninetieth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 1-August 3.
HDQRS. NINETIETH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFTY. VOLS.,Acworth, Ga., June 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit a journal of the march of the Ninetieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, in compliance with orders, from Fackler Station, Ala., to Resaca, Ga.:

May 1, 1864, broke up camp and marched at 11 a. m.; bivouacked on the Washington plantation, about three miles from Stevenson,

