
Ala; good water. May 2, resumed march at 8 a. m. Met by our late brigade commander, Colonel Loomis, who feelingly took farewell of his old command; the kindest feelings of the regiment accompanied him. Took our position in the brigade at 10 a. m.; encamped on Crow Creek at noon; marched but two miles, route diverging south. May 3, reveille at 3 a. m.; marched at 4 a. m.; crossed the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, Ala., at noon; camped two miles beyond Bridgeport; roads good; water excellent; marched thirteen miles. May 4, resumed march at 7 a. m.; reached Whiteside's Station at 5 p. m.; a rough, mountainous road; good water; marched twelve miles. May 5, took position at 10 a. m. in rear of division, crossing foot of Lookout Mountain, diverging south, and encamped near Rossville, Ga. Tents and baggage sent to the rear. May 6, marched at 10 a. m. south, through the valley of Chattanooga; country more open and fertile; bivouacked at 2 p. m. near Crawfish Springs; excellent water; marched-miles. May 7, resumed march at 8 a. m.; crossed the Chickamauga at Glass' Mill; halted at 10 a. m.; Sixteenth Army Corps, and Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, passed us to the front; encamped at 11.30 p. m.; marched ten miles. May 8, awaited the passing of trains, and marched at 12 m.; crossed Taylor's Ridge at 6 p. m.; bivouacked in Chestnut Valley; marched-lines. May 9, prepared to march at 4 a. m., but ordered to remain and guard mountain pass until 9 a. m.; advanced, and at 12 m. bivouacked and guarded an important pass; alarmed at midnight and rejoined brigade; marched-miles. May 10, countermarched at 8 a. m. to position occupied the night before; resumed march at 4 p. m. south by east to Sugar Valley; marched eight miles. May 11, marched one mile and a half south; regiment engaged in fortifying; by night the Fourth Division firmly intrenched. May 12, advanced half a mile to head of Snake [Creek] Gap; regiment in line of battle; 5 p. m. General Sherman visited the position on a tour of inspection. May 13, knapsacks sent to the rear; marched at 7 a. m.; took position in skirmish line near Resaca, Ga., at-a. m.; lost 1 man killed, 15 wounded. May 14 and 15, concluding days of the fight at Resaca; regiment in reserve; at midnight the enemy evacuated.

Respectfully submitted.

OWEN STUART,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninetieth Illinois Infty. Vols.

Captain I. J. BLOOMFIELD,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFTY. VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Ninetieth Illinois Volunteers, from the 13th May to the 3rd August, 1864, as per instructions:

May 14, were in reserve of the division (Fourth) until about 7 p. m., when we were ordered to the support of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and remained in this position until the 16th, when it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated his position during the night of the 15th. Marched at 11 a. m., crossed the Coosawattee River about four miles west of Resaca, Ga., and con-

