
tinued the march, via Adairsville and Woodlawn plantation, to Kingston, Ga., arriving May 20, 1864, in rear of wagon trains of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Rested three days at Kingston. Marched on the 23d, crossed the Etowah River about five miles west of Kingston, passed through Flannaway and Van Wert, and camped on Pumpkin Vine Creek the 25th. May 26, guarding one of the flanks of the wagon trains. May 27, marched three miles, and took position on the right flank to prevent any attack on the trains. May 28, ordered to escort rains five miles east of Dallas; rejoined our brigade about 4 p. m., and two companies (G and I) sent on the skirmish line; balance of regiment in reserve. At dark of the 29th were ordered to the left as escort to trains, and on the 30th received orders from Major General John A. Logan to report to Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith, chief quartermaster, Fifteenth Army Corps, as train guard. May 31, went to Kingston as guard to train for supplies; passed through Euharlee and crossed the Etowah River about four miles southwest of Kingston; arrived at Kingston 6 p. m.

June 1, returned with train, arrived near New Hope Church on the 3rd June. June 4, escorted train four miles toward Acworth, and on the 5th arrived in Acworth. June 7, escorted trains to Cartersville for supplies, and returned next day. Marched to Big Shanty on the 10th and remained guarding trains, doing fatigue duty for the commissary department at Big Shanty until July 3, when we marched to Powder Springs, about twelve miles southwest from Big Shanty. July 5, five companies, under command of Major Flynn, detailed to escort rains to Big Shanty for supplies. July 6, moved forward, and were rejoined by the five companies. July 7, moved forward again about three miles and camped, picketing roads and guarding trains. July 10, three companies sent as guard to trains to Marietta. July 12, balance of regiment marched to Marietta and rested the 13th. July 14, marched at 4 a. m. and joined our brigade at 12 m. near the Chattahoochee, about one mile and a half from Roswel and camped about one mile and a half from Roswell, and that evening crossed the Chattahoochee River at Roswell and camped about one mile and a half on the south bank of the river. Remained in camp the 15th and 16th, and on the 17th started at 6 a. m. and marched about six miles in a southeasterly direction. July 18, started at 7 a. m. and halted about four miles north of Stone Mountain, and marched again until 12 midnight in an easterly direction. July 19, started at 6 a. m.; marched six miles, and camped one miles from Decatur at 4 p. m. July 20, marched through Decatur, and formed line of battle about three miles beyond. The enemy opened artillery on us, when we advanced about half a mile and threw up works during the night, and threw out skirmishers. Remained in this position during the 2 	1st, and on the morning of the 22nd advanced and occupied the line of works evacuated by the enemy, they retiring within their main works. At about 2 o'clock the enemy attacked the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, and my regiment was ordered to deploy to the left, and occupy the front of two regiments. In a short time the skirmishers in my front were driven in, and the enemy soon after appeared in heavy columns, advancing to attack. As soon as the skirmishers were all in my command opened fire on the enemy and soon broke their line in my front, and held them in check. They reformed, but were soon broken and forced to fall back in disorder. It was now discovered that they had broken the lines of the Second Division, on our right, and were pouring a heavy fire down our flanks

