
and in the rear. The right wing of the regiment fell back about sixty yards, but were reformed, and went forward to retake the line, when they were ordered to fall back to the lines occupied early in the morning. The regiment was reformed in this line and received orders to advance and reoccupy the line carried by the enemy, which they did, the enemy retiring in great disorder. Remained in this position until the morning of the 27th, when we marched around to the extreme right of the army. July 28, advanced, and, in connection with the Twenty-sixth Illinois and Twelfth Indiana, took position on a ridge about three miles and a half west of Atlanta, at 10 a. m. Soon after getting in line the enemy attacked us in heavy force, and in a few moments the engagement became general along the lines of the whole corps, and was kept up for several hours. My regiment was ordered to the support of the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, and occupied the temporary works thrown to relieve the Forty-eighth Illinois in the front line. I did so, and held the line until the enemy were forced to fall back in disorder, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands. Fortified the line during the night, and next morning (29th) took our position with the First Brigade. July 30, advanced with the brigade and occupied works about half a mile in our front. Remained in this line until the 2nd August, when we advanced to occupy a line about a quarter of a mile to the front. August 3, skirmishers were ordered to advance and take the line held by the enemy's pickets. The line was taken in our front, but about noon they were reoccupied by the enemy. About 4 p. m. the line was strengthened, the position regained and held, and fortified during the night.

The casualties in my regiment have been forwarded each day to brigade headquarters, and foot up, in the aggregate, to 71 since the 13th day of May, 1864.

I take this opportunity to say, in behalf of my command, that they have, with scarcely an exception, behaved well, and borne patiently the fatigues and hardships of the campaign.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel REUBEN WILLIAMS,

Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 499.

Report of Captain Daniel O'Connor, Ninetieth Illinois Infantry, of operations August 3-September 8.
HDQRS. NINETIETH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFTY. VOLS.,Near East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Ninetieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers from the third day of August, 1864, up to the present time, viz:

The regiment remained on the line taken and occupied August 2 until the 9th August, when I was ordered to advance, in connection

