
with other regiments of the brigade, Colonel John M. Oliver commanding, and fortify on the line held by the skirmishers, a distance of about 800 yards from the enemy's main line of works. The position was gained and held,a nd strengthened sufficiently to repel any attack the enemy might make. On the evening of the 16th Captain John Murphy, commanding Company G, volunteered to capture a line of rifle-pits, held by the enemy within eighty yards of our main line, and was furnished a detail of forty enlisted men for that purpose, twenty from my regiment and twenty from the Twelfth Indiana. About an hour before daylight on the morning of the 17th he advanced his detail, and succeeded in capturing 8 of the enemy from one pit and driving him out of two others, killing and wounding several. The captain lost but 1 man killed. The regiment remained on this line, occasionally making demonstrations, until 10 o'clock of night of the 26th, when I received orders to evacuate my position as quietly as possible, and move in connection with the brigade. Marched all that night and the next day in the westerly course, and bivouacked near Wolf Creek. On the 28th I was ordered to report, with my command, to Colonel Catterson, of the Ninety-seventh Indiana Volunteers, as guard to Fifteenth Army Corps wagon trains. Remained with trains until the morning of the 30th when I received orders from Colonel Oliver to join the brigade, and marched across the West Point railroad to Jonesborough, Ga., a distance of about twelve miles, arriving at about 8 p. m. I was ordered to picket the front of the brigade with my regiment, and found the enemy in strong force about 300 yards in our front. About 2.30 p. m. of the 31st the enemy advanced in strong force to attack our lines,and drove in the skirmishers on both my right and left, when I ordered my regiment to fall back behind our main line, but not until a heavy fire had opened from the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, on my right, and from the Second Division, on my left. After the fire had ceased from the main line, I received orders to advance my regimen and reoccupy the skirmish line. I did so, and succeeded in gaining and holding the most of the pits, taking 28 prisoners, the enemy leaving 3 killed and 5 wounded in our hands, making a loss to them in my front of 36 killed, wounded, and captured. My loss was 3 killed, 13 wounded, and 1 missing. I held the position until dark, when I was relieved by a detail.

September 1, built a line of works in rear of the Seventieth Ohio Volunteers, and remained until the morning of the 2d, when it was ascertained the enemy had retreated from Jonesborough, and Atlanta entered by Major-General Slocum's command; pursued the enemy about six miles south of Jonesborough; my regiment at 3 p. m. ordered to the support of the skirmish line; found the enemy in strong force behind works near Lovejoy's Station; took position on a high ridge, about 900 yards from the enemy's position, and remained until the night of the 5th, and then fell back to the position occupied previously at Jonesborough. On the morning of the 7th fell back from Jonesborough, my regiment rear guard of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and camped near Grimes' Mill. 8th, arrived at present camp, near East Point.

A list of casualties during the campaign has been forward to brigade headquarters.

Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart being absent sick, and Major Flynn absent on account of wounds received July 28, the command of the regiment devolved on me as next in rank, and I would respectfully

