
take this opportunity to say that the officers and men of the Ninetieth have borne themselves like soldiers, and must compliment them for their obedience, patience, and bravery.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN'L O'CONNOR,

Captain Company D, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN CAMNELL,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 500.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James Goodnow, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 1-August 3.

HDQRS. TWELFTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., June 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I herewith transmit you the following report of the part taken by my command in the late advance upon Resaca, Ga., and in the battle fought in its vicinity:

I received orders for my command to be in readiness to march at 6 a. m. of the 1st May, 1864, while in camp at Scottsborough, Ala., Leaving at the appointed time, and marching in the direction of Chattanooga, I arrived at that place on the evening of the 5th of May, going into camp near the Rossville road. Here al surplus baggage, with the majority of my camp equipage, was placed in store, and my transportation turned over to the assistant quartermaster Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with the exception of two wagons. On the morning of the 6th the march was resumed, and continued in a southeast direction until the 10th of same month, at which time the command passed through and occupied a position at the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, and nearly west of Resaca. From this time until the morning of the 13th ultimo the interval was consumed n slow advances and in constructing fortifications. On the morning of the 13th I moved forward and took my position in the line of battle, with the Ninetieth Illinois Infantry on my right, and the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry on my left. I was here directed to deploy sixty men in my front as skirmishers; in compliance with which I sent forward Company B of my regiment, strengthened by a detail of ten men, and commanded by Captain William H. Harrison. I subsequently received orders to send two additional companies forward as skirmishers; for which purpose Company A, Captain Edward H. Webster, and Company C, Lieutenant Charles F. Mather, commanding, were thrown forward. In this position the advance was sounded, and the line-facing directly to the east-moved forward, meeting with but little opposition, except from a few shots from the enemy's batteries, which caused me no loss. After advancing to within about a mile of Resaca, the enemy was found strongly guarded and occupying a ridge of hills in our front and upon the left. To accommodate ourselves to the enemy's position it was found necessary to change the direction of the line by

