
an oblique movement to the left. Having received orders to such effect from my brigade commanded, I executed the movement and again advanced, moving into the woods along the base of the ridge occupied by the enemy. While advancing through the woods I came upon a portion of the line of skirmishers belonging to the Fourteenth Army Corps; it appearing that they had made no movement to the left to correspond with that of their line of battle. I, however, passed through their line, and reached a field immediately in front of the enemy's position. At this point a heavy musketry fire was opened upon us. In a few moments my command had arrived at a position which gave them an unobstructed view of the enemy, who was well posted, and protected by his rifle-pits along the side of the ridge. At this time my fire was opened upon them, as was also that of the troops upon my flanks. From 3.30 o'clock until 5.30 the fighting was very heavy, at which time, my ammunition being nearly expended, I was ordered to be relieved by troops from the reserve line, which was promptly executed, and I retired to the rear of refill my cartridge-boxes.

In this action my loss was quite heavy, losing 8 killed and 43 wounded. Among those killed I am much pained to announce the name of Captain Thomas N. Peoples, of Company E, who fell while gallantly leading his company. Among the number wounded was Captain Benjamin Price, of Company D, who received a severe flesh wound in the ridge leg, which will deprive me of his valuable service for some time to come.

My thanks are due to both officers and men for their gallant conduct throughout the fiery ordeal, having acquitted themselves as become men engaged in a struggle for the "right."

On the succeeding day, the 14th, my regiment, with the others composing the First Brigade, was ordered to the support of the Second Division of the Fifteenth Corps, then advancing its lines. In getting in position I met with but small loss, having 1 man wounded.

My command remained with the reserve until the morning of the 16th, when it was found that the enemy had evacuated, thus closing the operations at Resaca.

I herewith append a list of casualties in my command during this period, and in the battle of Resaca.*

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES GOODNOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Indiana Infantry.

Captain IRA J. BLOOMFIELD,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In conformity to instructions received, I herewith transmit to you the following report of the operations of my command during the present campaign and since the evacuation of Resaca, Ga., by the Confederate forces on the night of the 15th May, 1864:

On the 16th day of May my command, numbering 22 commissioned officers and 408 enlisted men, in obedience to orders, broke

---------------

*Aggregating 1 officer and 7 men killed and 1 officer and 44 men wounded.

---------------

