
severely wounded. A few days now elapsed in which but little was done by us, the command lying in reserve, and some considerable distance from the main line. On the 25th my command, in obedience to orders, moved up and occupied a position on the main line of battle, relieving troops of General Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Here I remained until 5th July, suffering considerable loss from the enemy's position, which allowed his sharpshooters to pick off the men in the rifle-pits, my line extending along the base of Kenesaw Mountain, while that of the enemy was along the side of the mountain and at an elevation sufficient to allow them to observe any movement in our lines. On the night of 4th of July the enemy evacuated his position on the Kenesaw Mountain, falling back to the Chattahoochee River. My skirmish line, under charge of Captain Edward Lenfesty, Company C, succeeded in again capturing a large number of prisoners.

At 9 a. m. I, in conformity to orders, moved my command to Marietta, remaining there that day; the march was resumed next morning in the direction of the Chattahoochee River, on the Sandtown road, taking position that night within two miles of the river, and from where a good view of Atlanta could be obtained. At this place, and with a few changes of position, the command remained until orders were given to march to Roswell, at which place my command crossed the Chattahoochee River on the 14th day of July. A position was taken up immediately after the crossing was effected, and the command was busily engaged during the two succeeding days in fortifying it, at which time the command moved in the direction of Decatur, a country town on the Augusta railway, arriving in that locality on the evening of the 19th. The 20th and 21st days were consumed in advancing a short distance on the Atlanta road. Arriving at a point two miles and a half from Atlanta, a strong position was secured and well fortified.

On the morning of the 22nd the enemy evacuated his line in my immediate front, falling back to his main line still nearer the city. At 9 a. m. I received orders to advance my line to that occupied by the enemy the night previous, and immediately set to work at turning the works in order to face the enemy's position, which I got pretty well arranged by 12 m. The position which I now occupied was the extreme right of the division, and connecting with the troops of the Second Division at or near where De Gress' battery had located. At about 2 p. m. of that day the enemy made a furious assault on the extreme left of the line, which was followed by one equally as desperate on the line in my front. The enemy advanced in four lines to within a short distance of my works, when a terrible fire was opened upon him, checking his farther progress. In three-quarters of an hour the assault was,to all appearances, terminated, the enemy having fallen back to the cover of the woods along my front,and I had given the command to cease firing, when my attention was called to the fact that the enemy had broken the line of the Second Division and was rapidly gaining my rear. A portion of my fire was turned in that direction, but the enemy, having the advantage of being in a very thick undergrowth, which enabled me to fire upon my command from front, flank, and rear, causing it to fall back to once and in considerable confusion to an old building a few rods in the rear, where I reformed the greater portion of my com-

