
mand; advanced and retook the line of works, but was again called upon to fall back, as we had no support on the right, which prevented the holding of the line. After falling back the second time no attempt was made to reform until the command had arrived at the line of works constructed by us the day previously, at which place I again reformed the command, and held it in readiness to advance as soon as proper support on my right should get into position. When the arrangements for the advance had been effected, my command moved forward, with others, and occupied the line with but little opposition.

My loss during the action was quite severe, losing 4 commissioned officers and 71 enlisted men in killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy sustained a severe loss in my front. My regiment buried 17 of the enemy's dead within a short distance of my works. My hospital detail carried in from my front 22 of the enemy's wounded, who had been so severely wounded as to prevent their getting away. They were mostly members of Hoods' corps.

Nothing of importance transpired to my command, other than the withdrawal of the line from the extreme left, and the movements of the troops which composed the left wing, who were transferred to the extreme right, my regiment being among the number, and going into position at about 10 a. m. of the 28th July. My regiment was placed in reserve in rear of the Twenty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers. I had been here probably an hour when intelligence was received that the enemy was advancing to attack us. In a few moments the skirmishers were driven in, when the battle commenced, and raged with great fury during the afternoon. Immediately after the action commenced I was called upon to send two of my largest companies to a position on the left of the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry. For this duty I designated Companies G and K, and placed Major Baldwin in charge, who immediately occupied the ground, and did good severe throughout the day. I subsequently re-enforced him with two additional companies, sending Companies C and H. During the middle of the action I subsequently re-enforced him with two additional companies, sending Companies C and H. During the middle of the action I received intelligence that the troops in front of my right flank were hard pressed and needed assistance. I immediately sent Companies A, F, D, and I to their assistance, who remained during the balance of the action, which terminated just before sundown, the enemy having been repulsed with dreadful slaughter in several and distinct charges.

Nothing of further importance has occurred since the 28th, with the exception of a couple of slight advances and some heavy skirmishing, in which I have lost quite a number of men.

Among the officers lost in the present campaign I regret to announce the names of First Lieutenant John H. Waters and Second Lieutenant James H. Weaver, both of whom were promising young officers, and in their death the country has lost two of its most ardent supporters. Lieutenant Weaver fell mortally wounded on the 22d, dying in a few days thereafter. Lieutenant Waters was killed instantly on the 28th, while in charge of Company D, on the skirmish line.

Among the number missing are Captain Huston and Lieutenant Alfont, of Company G, and Lieutenant Godown, of Company K. These officers are supposed to be captured.

My losses since leaving Resaca, in killed, wounded, and missing, will reach 113.

29 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

