
My thanks are due to all the officers and men of the command for the prompt manner in which each has discharged his various duties during the campaign, and for the bravery without which they have met and vanquished the foe.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES GOODNOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE NELSON,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 501.

Report of Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 3-September 8.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT INDIANA INFANTRY, East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I would most respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this command from August 3, 1864, to September 8, 1864, as directed from your headquarters:

On 3rd August my command occupied a position in the main line of battle, where I remained, suffering some considerable loss from the skirmishing in my front, until night of 26th August, when I evacuated my line in obedience to your order. Marched during the night in direction of Sandtown Ferry. During the day following the line of march was changed to the Fariburn road, arriving at [that] place on evening 28th August, 1864. On morning of 29th my command was detailed as guard for trains of Department of the Tennessee, in which position I have remained up to present time, with exception of being once called into line of battle, forming in line with troops of Seventeenth Army Corps.

I herewith append a list of casualties* in my command from My 1, 1864, to present time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,REUB. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Twelfth Indiana Infantry.

Captain JOHN CAMPBELL,

A. A. A. G. to Colonel John M. Oliver, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 502.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John M. Bekey, Ninety-night Indiana Infantry, of operations August 3-September 2.

HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLS., East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with orders received, the operations of the Ninety-ninth Indiana Infantry during the period intervening between August 3 and the taking of Atlanta, September 2, 1864, the operations previous to the above date having been heretofore reported:

On the 3rd of August, at 3.30 p. m., six companies were ordered to support the then advancing skirmish line (the other four companies

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 115.

---------------

