
being on the line), when, at dark, the reserve, or supporting, companies were ordered on the line, where they remained until midnight of the 4th, when the regiment was relieved, and marched to the works were left when ordered on the skirmish line. During the tour of duty 8 men were wounded; Captain Josiah Farrar was in command. The regiment remained in the same place until August 9, when, at 10 a. m., marched to the front, or formed skirmish line, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Berkey in command, where they remained until Friday,m the 26th day of August, when, at 8 p. m., moved toward the right of the line, or toward the Montgomery railroad, marching all night and until 3 p. m. of the 27th, when we halted on the summit of a ridge, which we fortified, and there remained all night. August 28, marched at 8 a. m. about five miles, to the Atlanta and Montgomery road; halted, bivouacked, and at 11 p. m., and until 4 a. m. of the 29th, were employed destroying railroad. August 30, marched toward the Atlanta [Macon] and Western Railroad, and halted at 8 p. m. within about one mile of it,where we threw up works, near Jonesborough. August 31, the enemy attacked in our front but slightly, on our flanks more generally; 2 dead and 2 wounded were found in our front.

From August 3 until September 2 were killed, 10; wounded, 16; missing, 1; total, 27.

There above report comprises all operations of the Ninety-ninth Indiana Infantry which are worthy of note from August 3 until September 2, 1864.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. M,. BERKEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN CAMPBELL,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 503.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert Heath, One hundred Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS., Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the campaign just closed:

On the 1st day of May last we broke camp at Bellefonte Station, Ala., for the campaign. At this time we formed a part of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry. We marched continuously, and arrived before Resaca, Ga., on the 13th day of May, no event transpiring necessary to report.

I refer you to my report made to commander of First Brigade, which is hereto annexed, and which will form a part of this report. I will, however, state here that the effective strength of my regiment on the 1st day of May was 450 men. Was detailed on the 10th day of July to do duty at Marietta, Ga., and on the 3rd of August was assigned to your brigade; that no report of the operations of my

