
regiment has been made since the 15th day of May, 1864. I, therefore, embrace in this my report all the operations of my regiment during the campaign.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, June 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part by my regiment in the battle of Resaca, commencing on the 13th and ending on the 15th day of May, 1864:

On the morning of the 13th, at 5 o'clock, we moved from the mouth of Snake [Creek] Gap against the enemy, who was massing his force at Resaca; marched to the cross-roads near that place; was ordered to form in rear of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, there to be held in reserve. I had but just got into position when your ordered me to move to the front by the left flank, forming in line of battle on a line with the First Division, command by General Osterhaus, and to conform the march of my regiment to that of General Osterhaus. You also ordered me to deploy fifty men in charge of a good officer as skirmishers; all of which was done. About 12 o'clock we moved forward in line of battle, through a dense wood, to the open field in the immediate front of the first of the enemy's works. Reformed in the edge of the wood next to the fence, and upon the crest of the hill, my skirmishers steadily pressing forward and driving those of the enemy. While this was being done the enemy kept up a furious cannonade, throwing both shot and shell upon the left of General Osterhaus and the entire front of my line, but was finally driven from his first line of works by the skirmishers. You then ordered me to re-enforce my line of skirmishers by two companies from my regiment, and to direct them to press forward and drive the enemy from the wood covered hill on the right of his woks just taken. I deployed Companies C and D, who promptly moved forward to re-enforce Captain Fast's company (B), who had been skirmishing from the first; you also ordered me to advance the regiment across the open field, and take a position about half a mile of the left, and fronting the rebel works, about 1,200 yards therefrom; all of which was done. Here we remained until about 6 p. m., when we were relieved by a regiment from the Second Brigade, and ordered to fall back and replenish with ammunition. For full two hours my regiment was under an intense fire from the enemy's artillery, the shells falling and bursting within my lines,but fortunately doing us but little injury. During the whole of the time my men behaved with remarkable coolness and self possession. This night we bivouacked upon the field; in the morning was ordered to move forward to support the main column, if necessary; at 7 p. m. moved to the right, to support the Second Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Remained there until morning of the 16th, when, the enemy having evacuated his works in our front, we moved in pursuit.

My officers and men conducted themselves gallantly, but I shall do injustice did I not make special mention of Major R. M. Johnson, of my regiment, who was in command of the skirmish line of your brigade, for his coolness, prudence, and gallantry, and most earnestly hope he may be properly rewarded for the great service he rendered that day, ridging along the whole line of skirmishers, inspiring the men by his heroic example, and personally directing every movement. I also make special mention of Captain O. J. Fast, Company B, who was in command of the skirmishers of my regiment, assisted by First Lieutenant John W. Geisinger, Company D, and would recommend that they be promoted for gallantry. Both were so intelligent, active, and brave that it seemed they could, with their line of skirmishers, drive a whole regiment of the enemy before them. Captain Fast was the first to enter the enemy's works. All of the officers of my regiment conducted themselves gallantly and discharged their whole duty. My loss in this battle was 13 enlisted men and 1 officer wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

ALBERT HEATH,Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding One hundredth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain IRA J. BLOOMFIELD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Fourth Division.

On the 16th day of May, the enemy having evacuated his works, at 11 a. m. we marched in pursuit, and camped on north side of Oostenaula Creek at 8 p. m. May 17, guarded wagon train; marched twelve miles, and bivouacked at midnight. May 18, joined brigade early in morning; marched fourteen miles; bivouacked on Burnsley plantation at 7 p. m.; men cheerful, but considerably fatigued. May 19, marched nine miles; bivouacked near Kingston, Ga. May

