
20, 21, and 22, remained in camp. May 23, broke camp at 7 a. m.; weather very warm; marched about twenty miles; bivouacked on -- Creek. May 24, marched eight miles; bivouacked on mountains. May 25, First Brigade, as train guards, marched ten miles, and camped on Pumpkin Vine Creek at 3 a. m. the 26th. May 26, on guard during the day; at 7 p. m. marched again; marched five miles, halting about one miles from Dallas at 4 a. m. the 27th. May 27, at 7 a. m. was ordered to take position in line; moved out for that purpose; placed regiment in position on the right, and perpendicular to the line of the Sixth Iowa; was ordered to deploy two companies of my regiment as skirmishers in my front, which was done. At 12 m. I believed, from indications, that an assault by the enemy was intended. Having no fortifications, I re-enforced my skirmish line with Companies B and C. At 1 p. m. the enemy's skirmishers engaged my men sharply, but were repulsed with loss. This day I lost in wounded 7 men, including 1 commissioned officer. During the afternoon and night I fortified my line. May 28, placed a very strong skirmish line in front of my regiment. At 3.30 p. m. the enemy charged my skirmish line in force, and steadily, but slowly, pressed it back to the main line, which was then attacked, but they were handsomely repulsed. The attack lasted about thirty minutes. My regiment in this fight suffered a loss of 3 killed and 14 wounded. In our front we buried 11 of the enemy and captured quite a number of muskets--the exact number I have forgotten, having lost my memoranda. May 29, advanced our skirmish line and developed the strength of the enemy; then fell back to the original line. Lost in this 3 men wounded. May 30, again advanced the skirmish line, and suffered a loss of 2 men severely wounded. May 31, remained in line; no casualties this day.

June 1, abandoned our position at 4 a. m.; marched to the left seven miles, to a point near New Hope Church; there we relieved a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps. This day lost 2 men wounded. June 2, this day my regiment is in reserve. June 3, advanced our main line of works about sixty yards; lost 1 man severely wounded. June 4, remained quiet; no casualties. June 5, the enemy abandoned his position the preceding night. At 12 o'clock we marched to the left five miles and bivouacked. June 6, marched at 6 a. m. six miles and bivouacked near Acworth, Ga. June 7, 8, and 9, remained in camp near Acworth. June 10, marched six miles; halted near Big Shanty; took position and fortified during the night; Company K deployed as skirmishers; no casualties. June 11, 12, 13, and 14, remained quiet; not engaged with enemy. June 15, at 11 a. m. moved to the left and front, in support of the Second Brigade, who engaged the enemy. My regiment and brigade, being in reserve, was not engaged; remained in reserve until the 25th. June 25th at 8 p. m. moved two miles to the right, and relieved General Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps. Here we remained before Kenesaw, skirmishing continually with the enemy, until 3rd July; my loss here was 2 men wounded only in the whole time.

July 3, the enemy evacuated his position during the previous night, and at 8 a. m. we broke camp and marched to Marietta, Ga., and bivouacked. July 4, marched seven miles and came up with the enemy at the Chattahoochee River at 11 a. m.; not engaged with the enemy this day. July 6, remained in camp, July 7, moved up on line and

