
worked hard all night on our fortifications. Lost 1 man wounded. July 8 and 9, not engaged, except sharp skirmishing. July 10, the enemy evacuated and cross the river; this day I was ordered to report with my regiment at Marietta for duty. July 11, marched to Marietta, where we remained on duty until the 13th day of August.

August 14, I reported with my regiment to you for duty, having been assigned to the Second Brigade on the 3rd day of August; during the whole time my regiment was at Marietta, the labor of the men was excessive, but was cheerfully performed. From the morning of the 15th to the 26th day of August my regiment was in reserve, doing no other than skirmish duty; during this time my loss was 2 killed and 4 wounded. August 26, about 9 p. m. we withdrew from our position in front of Atlanta, and moved five miles to the right and bivouacked near Utoy Creek at 2 a. m. the 27th, where we remained until 6 p. m., when we again broke camp and marched fifteen miles, to near Jonesborough, Ga., where we fortified during the night. August 31, in the morning found we were confronting the enemy, who was about 1,200 yards from us. During the day strengthened our works. About 3 p. m. the enemy opened upon us with artillery from two different points, one enfilading our works; under cover of his guns moved his men preparatory to an assault. About 3.30 o'clock he charged to within 100 yards of us; there, under cover of a rise in the ground it was impossible for us to fire with effect, but found in our immediate front 5 of the enemy killed. During the action I lost 5 men killed and 6 wounded.

September 1, remained in our works. At 4 p. m. the enemy opened with artillery upon us, severely wounding 2 men. September 2, during the preceding night the enemy evacuated Jonesborough; at 7 a. m. we marched in pursuit. Your ordered me to deploy eight companies of my regiment as skirmishers on the right of the wagon road leading south, which I did. We had moved about 1,200 yards when we came upon the rear guard of the enemy, strongly posted behind a barricade of rails. The Sixth Regiment Iowa Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers on the left of the road. Both regiments moved rapidly forward and dislodged the enemy. He rallied moved rapidly forward and dislodged the enemy. He rallied again, however, about a quarter of a mile distant, and was again driven. He then fell back about three-quarters of a mile to a barricade in front of a wood. Being driven from this, he opened upon us with two guns, which he had placed in the road about 200 yards from us. We here halted for a short time to rest, then moved forward rapidly, driving the enemy before us. Came up with the main column of his rear guard about fire miles south of Jonesborough. Here the enemy opened upon us with two guns, shelling our lines furiously. My men did not hesitate, but pressed forward with a determination to drive him or capture the guns. His firing did not delay us a moment, but my men were so much exhausted that they could go no farther, and we reluctantly halted for rest. While resting we discovered the enemy about half a mile in front in force and intrenched. Here you relieved us from further skirmishing for the day. During the afternoon we moved, with the brigade, to our position, where we in-

