
trenched. This day my loss was 1 commissioned officer and 5 men wounded. September 3, remained in camp. Not engaged with the enemy except skirmishing; lost 1 man, wounded. September 4, remained quiet; 1 man wounded, while in the main works, by the enemy's sharpshooters. September 5, your ordered me to withdraw my regiment at 8 p. m. and marched to East Point, Ga.; at the hour we moved, and bivouacked at midnight in our old works at Jonesborough without loss.

I forward with this a complete list of the casualties in my regiment since the opening of the campaign. I will here add that on the 16th day of July Major R. M. Johnson was detailed, by order of Brigadier-General Harrow, for duty at headquarters Fourth Division. I am informed that in the battle of the 22nd July, before Atlanta, he was captured by the enemy while discharging his duty. This loss to my regiment is irreparable. He was a gallant officer.

The effective strength of my regiment now is about 350. During the many marches, the almost incessant fighting, my men have been cheerful and contented; no murmuring was heard, although a great portion of the time the weather was rainy. All seemed governed by one impulse. While we had a few recruits, they were not found wanting; they worked well. Success was what they asked. All were determined that no act of theirs should prejudice the result. No men were more willing to labor for success-none more gallant.

The commissioned officers of my regiment aided very materially in keeping up the discipline and efficiency of the command, and in justice to valuable officers I make special mention of Captain Orla J. Fast, Company B, who, when a delicate movement was to be made, had charge of the skirmishers of my regiment. I earnestly recommend that he be promoted for gallantry in the field.

I also make special mention of Lieutenant Edwin Goldsmith, my adjutant, cool and self-possession in time of danger, no one possesses the confidence of the men more than he does. I also recommend him for promotion.

All the commissioned officers of my regiment have discharged their duties intelligently and with great gallantry.

Recapitulation of casualties: Commissioned officers wounded, 2; missing, 1; enlisted men killed and mortally wounded, 17; wounded 58; total killed, wounded, and missing, 78.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT HEATH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 100th Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain E. N. UPTON,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 504.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick S. Hutchinson, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 3-September 2.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY, In the Field, near Loveyoy's Station, September 5, 1864.

In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of Fifteenth Michigan Infantry from August 3 to September 2, inclusive:

From 3rd to 9th August were in reserve line; sent details on skirmish lines daily; had 2 wounded in advance of line the 4th. The

