
through saps, and the men were compelled to dig holes in the ground in rear to protect themselves from the effects of the enemy's shells. Notwithstanding all the precaution possible we had 6 enlisted men killed, and 2 commissioned officers and 28 enlisted men wounded. We remained in this position until the evening of the 26th, when we withdrew and marched to the right on the Sandtown road. Leaving the Sandtown road, we marched toward the Atlanta and West Point Railroad and camped in the woods on the night of the 27th. On the 28th we marched to the railroad, and, in connection with the brigade, destroyed the railroad for three miles and camped. On the 29th we remained in camp. On the 30th we marched to near Jonesborough, Ga., and at night threw up works within 200 yards of the enemy's main line. On the 31st the enemy made a reconnaissance in force, and approached in view of the right of our line, but were easily repulsed.

We remained in this position until September 2, when we were ordered to purpose the enemy, and marched six miles south of Jonesborough, Ga., and fortified a position in front and right of our brigade, in full view of the rebel lines. On the 3rd we received the welcome news that Atlanta was ours.

All the officers and men acquitted themselves to my entire satisfaction.

Our losses since the 26th of August are 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 commissioned officer and 3 enlisted men wounded.

I cannot close this report without adverting to the great loss the regiment has sustained in the death of its adjutant, First Lieutenant Andrew Urban. He was killed on the 3rd instant, while communicating the glorious news of the evacuation of Atlanta by the enemy and its occupation by our forces. He was shot by a sharpshooters, a minie-ball passing through his chest. He exclaimed, "Oh! boys, I am killed," and instantly expired. Thus fell the model adjutant, the brave and faithful soldier, and generous friend. The regiment mourns his loss.

A list of casualties is herewith submitted.*

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. PHILLIPS,

Captain, Seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteers.

Captain JOHN CAMPBELL,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 506.

Reports of Brigadier General Charles C. Walcutt, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIVISION, 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of making the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade from the 1st of May to the 15th of May, inclusive:

The brigade, consisting of the Forty-sixth Ohio, Major Giesy commanding, and the One hundred and third Illinois, Major A. Willison

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 6 men killed and 3 officers and 35 men wounded; total, 45.

---------------

