
commanding, left Scottsborough, Ala., with the division, on the morning of the 1st of May, arriving at Chattanooga and camping on Chattanooga Creek on the evening of the 5th, via Stevenson and Bridgeport, Ala. At this camp orders were issued for storing tents and surplus baggage in Chattanooga, and directing surplus transportation to report to Lieutenant Colonel J. Condit Smith. The Sixth Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Miller commanding, arriving from the North, reported to me at 6 p. m. On the morning of the 6th the command was again put in motion. Before starting the Ninety-seventh Indiana, Colonel Catterson, reported, and have since formed a part of my command. On the night of the 6th we camped at Crawfish Springs; at --Church on the 7th; Villanow on the 8th, arriving at Sugar Valley on the 9th, where we remained in camp until the 11th. May 12, we took position behind log-works, built the day previous by Colonel Catterson and Major Giesy, about one mile to our left front. On the 13th we moved to the front on the Resaca road, in the rear of the First Brigade and the two batteries of Griffiths and Burton. In the formation of the line of battle in the front of Resaca, my brigade was placed in reserve. When the line advanced, I was ordered to support the First Brigade, Colonel Williams, who was in the front and on the front and on the left of General Osterhaus. In this advance Major Williams, One hundred and third Illinois, received a severe wound from a shell, the same shell killing his horse. Colonel Dickerman, just returned from leave of absence, took command of his regiment soon after. At 4.30 p. m. Colonel Williams, having been hotly engaged for two hours, reported himself out of ammunition, and I was ordered to relieve him. I put my brigade in position on the crest of the ridge, running parallel to the enemy's works, Colonel Williams retiring upon the advance of my skirmishers. Upon examination I found the enemy in force and occupying a very formidable position distant from my line about 300 yards. A strong line of works on the crest of their hill, with at least six pieces of artillery, with two lines of rifle-pits on the slope, an open valley, divided by a deep, narrow stream of water between us, made it impracticable to assault the position of the enemy. The enemy used but one gun on this day, which was withdrawn before dark. The skirmishers kept up a brisk fire and advanced as far as practicable, keeping the enemy inside his works. The morning of the 14th the skirmishers were again pushed forward, and they advanced very gallantly under a heavy fire that they might take advantage of the protection the banks of the stream would afford, and bring them into closer proximity to the enemy to better harass him and prevent his troublesome fire upon our lines. The right of the skirmish line, composed of two companies of the Sixth Iowa, secured an admirable position on a commanding knob to the right and front, giving them almost complete control of the enemy's guns. Much credit is due Major Ennis, Sixth Iowa, for the manner in which he handled his skirmishers. Nothing more than heavy skirmishing was kept up during the day, punishing the enemy severely and with comparatively small loss to ourselves. After night-fall the skirmishers again advanced and intrenched themselves, and the next day's work was looked forward to with great interest. At 3 a. m., the 15th, I received orders to move, with my brigade, to the support of General Osterhaus, leaving my skirmishers on the old line. The One hundred and third Illinois and Sixth Iowa were placed near General Osterhaus' headquarters; the Ninety-seventh Indiana to the rear of

