
Sixth Iowa was ordered up and placed on the right. Skirmishers, under command of Captain Wills, One hundred and third Illinois, were advanced and soon became engaged with those of the enemy, driving them, and by the daring of Captain Smith, One hundred and third Illinois, and one of his men, captured 22 prisoners. The men were put to work constructing rifle-pits. The enemy's main line of works was not distant from my right more than 500 yards,with four guns in position to command the road I occupied, making my position a difficult one. Colonel Williams' brigade was placed on my right, his line forming an acute angle with mine. At 1 p. m. the enemy commenced a terrific shelling. HE seemed to have control of the road, but fortunately did me no harm whatever. As soon as the shelling ceased, the enemy, who had formed his lines during the shelling, made a vigorous assault on my line. Owing to the location of the ground and the suddenness of the attack, it became necessary to advance the Sixth Iowa, which they did most gallantly, meeting the enemy with bayonets fixed. The fight soon became general along my front. The men reserved their fire handsomely until the enemy's line reached the base of the hill, when they opened, scattering and driving the enemy with great loss. In advancing the Sixth Iowa, and before the First Brigade could conform to the movement, part of the attacking column, Eighth Mississippi, struck the right of the Sixth Iowa, which was promptly met by Lieutenant-Colonel Miller swinging back his three right companies. These companies repulsed the Eighth Mississippi and secured their dead and wounded, with some prisoners. The officers and men all did well in this engagement. My loss was comparatively small, while that of the enemy must have been great. This fight was confined exclusively to the Second Brigade. During the afternoon De Gress' battery was placed on the high hill occupied by the Ninety-seventh Indiana, and the works strengthened along the line.

BATTLE OF DALLAS, MAY 28.

Brisk skirmishing opened with the day. Lieutenant Newby Chase, adjutant Sixth Iowa, fell mortally wounded early in the morning and has since died. He was a very gallant and efficient officer. About 3 a. m. I increased my skirmish line, and placed it in charge of Captain Kelly, One hundred and third Illinois. The Forty-sixth Ohio, who had been operating during the preceding day and night with the Third Brigade, reported and were placed on the left. The enemy showed himself, very active during the entire day. At 4 p. m., as I had been previously notified, our batteries opened upon the enemy and met with a prompt reply. Quicker than thought, almost, the enemy attacked us in force, and with the greatest vigor and determination. The skirmishers on the roads were quickly driven in. Three lines of the enemy could be distinctly seen rapidly advancing, but they were soon checked by a determined line. Every man was at his post, and remained there during the engagement. The fire was reserved until the enemy could be distinctly seen. On the right bayonets were fixed to receive the column that was advancing with such numbers and impetuosity that it seemed they must break through my weak line. The attack soon became general, the enemy making repeated attempts to carry my position, but were finally repulsed, after severe fighting of one hour and twenty minutes, my men following the retreating enemy with terrific volleys of musketry. The result shows how gallantly my brigade did

