
its duty at the battle of Dallas; 244 dead and wounded rebels were found in my front. This battle, severe as it was upon the enemy, cost the country the lives and services of many valuable officers and men. Colonel Dickerman, One hundred and third Illinois, and Major Giesy, Forty-sixth Ohio, fell mortally wounded, and have since died. They were both brave and efficient officers, and received their wounds during the heat of the engagement, while at the front encouraging their men. Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, Sixth Iowa, was severely wounded in the gallant discharge of his duty.

We remained on the Villa Rica road until the morning of June 1, when, with the division, we moved to the left, and relieved the Second and Third Brigades, of General Geary's division, Twentieth Corps, near New Hope Church. The line here was within 100 yards advanced the works about twenty yards to the front and occupied the crest, securing 11 dead bodies belonging to the command we relieved, killed in a previous engagement. On the night of the 5th of June the enemy evacuated his position. My skirmishers followed them in the morning, capturing a picket post of a lieutenant and 12 men. The Fortieth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Barnhill, just returned from veteran furlough, reported June 5. June 6, we again moved to the left, passing through Acworth, and went into position two miles south, to the right of the Marietta road. June 9, by order of Brigadier-General Harrow, I accompanied General Garrard, with his cavalry, on reconnaissance to Big Shanty. We returned to the division about 7 p. m. June 12, moved again to Big Shanty, with the division, and were placed in reserve.

THE CHARGE OF JUNE 15.

June 15, I received orders to move, with the division, to the left to assist in making a diversion in favor of the Army of the Cumberland. Arriving at the point indicated, on the left of the Seventeenth Corps, I put my command in position, by direction of General Harrow, with orders to take a ridge on the south side of Noonday Creek, occupied by the enemy. The line was formed, One hundred and third Illinois on the right, Fortieth Illinois on the left, Sixth Iowa on the right center, and the Forty-sixth Ohio on the left center, with the Ninety-seventh Indiana deployed as skirmishers. The advance was sounded about 1 p. m., and though the men had to pass through a thick undergrowth and wade the creek, which was deep, with very steep banks, and under a terrific fire from the enemy, the line, supported by Colonel Oliver's brigade, advanced handsomely, taking the position sought for and capturing about 400 prisoners, including a colonel, 8 captains, and 11 lieutenants. The skirmishers were handled magnificently by Colonel Catterson, who deserves the greatest credit for his gallantry. Lieutenant Grimes, acting adjutant of the Sixth Iowa, was killed. He was a noble soldier. My loss in this charge was 63 killed and wounded. The brigade remained in position until 10 p. m., when it was returned to the rear of the main line. June 25, moved to the right, with the division, and relieved Colonel Mitchell's brigade, of General Davis' division, near the base of Kenesaw Mountain.

ASSAULT OF THE 27TH OF JUNE.

Orders emanating from headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps were received on the night of the 26th, directing me to report, with my

