
brigade, to General Morgan L. Smith, whose division was to assault the enemy's works on the right of Little Kenesaw Mountain, and take part in the assault. By direction of General Smith, my brigade was placed on the left, and ordered to lead the assault, my column to assail the enemy's works commanding the gorge between the two mountains. At 7 a. m. on the 27th I moved to near the left of General Osterhaus, and formed my brigade in two lines, with the Forty-sixth Ohio (Spencer Rifles) deployed in two lines as skirmishers. At 8.15 a. m. I sounded the "advance." A column never charge more gallantly or with greater determination. The enemy opened upon me at once with artillery from the mountain and a heavy musketry fire from their skirmishers, who were strongly intrenched. The latter, however, were nearly all killed, wounded, or captured. The main works of the enemy were found to be in very formidable position on the crest of a gorge, having a steep ascent covered by a heavy abatis. After repeated attempts to reach the enemy's works had been made and failed, it being impossible to force our way through the tangled brush under so terrific a fire, the line was withdrawn and intrenched on the crest of the gorge opposite the one occupied by the enemy. In this assault the officers and men behaved most gallantly, many nearly reached the enemy's works, but it was useless. A line never struggled harder to succeed, but it was not in human power. My loss was very severe; 246 killed and wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Barnhill, Fortieth Illinois, was killed at the head of his regiment. He was a brave and valuable officer, and died the true soldiers. Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, One hundred and third Illinois, received a severe wound, which has since disabled him. His bravery was conspicuous. I was relieved about 10 p. m. by troops from General Osterhaus, and returned to my formed position.

On the night of July 2 the enemy evacuated his position, and on the 3rd we moved to Marietta. July 4, moved sixteen miles to a point on the Sandtown road. July 5, moved to the right in support of the Seventeenth Corps. On the 6th went into position in prolongation of the Seventeenth Corps, near Nickajack Creek, and intrenched. July 12 and 13, moved, by the way of Marietta and Roswell Factory, to the south side of the Chattahoochee. July 17, moved to Nancy's Creek on the Cross Keys road. By direction, my brigade was put in position across the road south of the creek. Slight skirmishing during the day. July 20, went into position, in reserve to the division, south of the August railroad, four miles went of Decatur. July 21, I relieved the right brigade, Colonel Potts, of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

BATTLE OF THE 22nd OF JULY.

The enemy evacuated his works during the night. Skirmishers were advanced about a mile. The line was moved forward to occupy the abandoned works, which were immediately reversed. The position of the brigade was on the left of the division, connecting with the right of the Seventeenth Corps. About 12 m. the enemy attacked the rear of the Army of the Tennessee. The Sixteenth Corps were already engaged. The Seventeenth Corps were fighting and endeavoring to charge their position. It soon became evident that the enemy were pushing a column through the gap

