
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting the operations of the brigade from August 10, to include the present date:

We remained in our position in the trenches in front of Atlanta until 10 p. m., August 26, when, according to orders, the brigade was withdrawn from the line. My command, being on the left of the corps, was the last to be withdrawn. Notwithstanding the intense darkness of the night, and the severe shelling of the enemy, the withdrawal was accomplished successfully and promptly, and without any casualties whatever. We moved to the right and camped near Judge Wilson's, arriving there about 2 a. m. August 27. My skirmishers, One hundred and third Illinois, Captain Post, arrived in camp about 3 a. m. August 27, I was ordered to remain behind and position on an admirable line for defense, facing northeast, connecting on the right with the skirmishers of the Twenty-third Corps. A few of the enemy's cavalry fired a few shots on our vedette post on the road we came in on, being the only demonstration made on that day. At 5 p. m. the last of the train having got started, I moved, reaching camp near Camp Creek, on the Campbellton road, about 1 a. m. August 28. August 28, I was relieved by a brigade form the Sixteenth Corps, and rejoined the division, moving with it to near Fairburn, on the Montgomery railroad. During the night my brigade assisted in the destruction of the railroad. August 30, the command moved easterly, crossed Flint River, and went into position on the right of the division, about half a mile from Jonesborough, and intrenched. August 312, the enemy made an assault about 3 p. m., but were handsomely repulsed. General Lewis' Kentucky (rebel) brigade came up in my front, and were severely punished, capturing Colonel Moss, Major McDowell, a captain, and 2 lieutenants, Second Kentucky (rebel), and 25 enlisted men from different commands.

September 1, ordered were received to advance the skirmish line, which was gallantly done by the Forty-sixth Ohio. They found the enemy in force and strongly intrenched, with a battery half not been before discovered. Finding they could accomplish nothing more, they retired, occupying the enemy's skirmish pits. Demonstrations were kept up during the day to attract the enemy's attention, while the Army of the Cumberland was advancing. September 2, during the night the enemy evacuated his position, and orders were received to follow. The Second Brigade had the advance of the corps, and moved south on the main road to Lovejoy's. About half a mile south of Jonesborough we struck the enemy's cavalry. The Sixth Iowa, Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, and the One hundredth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Heath, were deployed as skirmishers, and then commanded a brisk running fight for the next four miles, driving the enemy so fast that they had not time to take advantage of the rail-works previously constructed, when a line of infantry with two pieces of artillery were found about half a mile from Cedar Bluffs. The two regiments were so much exhausted that I deployed two fresh regiments, the Forty-sixth Ohio, Major Alexander, and One hundred and third Illinois, Captain Post, who at once, with the greatest determination, charged the rebel infantry, which, I have since learned, consisted of an entire South Carolina brigade,

21 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT II

