
and drove them on the hill and beyond their rifle-pits into their main works, which were found very strong and full of men. We captured about 40 prisoners and killed and wounded a great many. The fighting was brisk and gallantly done, and I claim for my men the taking of the hill, and that they were at all times in the lead of the entire advancing line. Lieutenant Mellen and Lieutenant Roberts, Forty-sixth Ohio, both very excellent officers, were killed in this advance. Captain Post, One hundred and third Illinois, received a severe wound while gallantly leading his regiment. Lieutenant Moore, One hundredth Indiana, had a leg shot off by a canon-ball. In the evening the enemy made a determined by very futile attempt to drive my line. The men held their ground manfully, through opposed by vastly superior numbers. My entire brigade afterward went into position on the bluff and intrenched September 5, orders were received to withdraw the command, which was commenced about 9 p. m. The night was very dark, and the mud was very deep from the hard rains during the day, making the movement of men very difficult, but the withdrawal was very successfully done. We arrived in our old position at Jonesborough at 2 a. m. September 6. September 7, again withdrew my command, crossed Flint River, moved north and camped for the night at Morrow's Mill. September 8,moved form Morrow's Mill to my present position at East Point.

Recapitulation of operations of the Second Brigade; Resaca, May 13, 14, and 15. Dallas, May 27 and 28; capturing 50 prisoners. At New Hope Church we had constrain heavy skirmishing for five days; advanced the line with much difficulty; securing the dead bodies of 11 men of General Geary's division left on the field, and capturing a lieutenant and 12 men.

June 15, we assaulted the enemy's position on the left; took their line, and captured about 400 prisoners, including a colonel and 21 other officers. On the 27th of June the brigade was detailed to take part, with the Second Division, in the assault on the right of Little Kenesaw Mountain. In this assault all behaved very gallantry, suffering severely, and only failed because it was impossible to win. The Forty-sixth Ohio captured 50 [prisoners] on this day. In the battles of the 22nd and 28th of July, before Atlanta, the brigade performed a conspicuous part, and behaved with the greatest gallantry, capturing 100 prisoners in the two engagements. The charge of the Sixth Iowa, Major Ennis, and the Fortieth Illinois, Captain Galvin, on the right of the corps on the 28th, was equal in brilliancy to anything that has occured during the war. The Forty-sixth Ohio, One hundred and third Illinois, and Ninety-seventh Indiana performed a no less important part on the left.

August 3, the Forty-sixth Ohio made two separate charges on the enemy's skirmish line; the second charge proved very successful, punishing the enemy severely, and capturing about 70 of his men. August 31, at Jonesborough, all did well, killing and wounding many of the enemy, and capturing 5 officers, and 25 men.

September 2, the brigade, especially the One hundred and third Illinois, and Forty-sixth Ohio, Sixth Iowa, and the One hundredth Indiana, in the advance, in pursuit of Hardee, did splendidly, capturing 490 prisoners, and punishing the enemy severely in killed and wounded.

In all, we have captured over 700 officers and men, 500 stand of arms, and 1 set of colors. The brigade has suffered terribly in

