
cutt commanding brigade. Marched, with the brigade, from New Hope Church, June 5; arrived at Acworth, Ga., June 7; marched, with the brigade, from Acworth, Ga., to Big Shanty, Ga., on reconnaissance; returned to Acworth same day. Marched, with brigade, from Acworth, June 10, to Big Shantly Ga.,; encamped. Moved, with brigade, on 15th June to Black Jack Knob; was engaged same day. Position of regiment during engagement 5 men wounded. On the night of the 15th June the regiment returned, with the brigade, to camp. The regiment was engaged again at Kenesaw Mountain on 27th June, with the brigade. Position of the regiment during the engagement was in rear of One hundred and third Illinois Infantry. Casualties during engagement, 1 officer killed, 3 officers wounded; enlisted men killed, 5 ; wounded, 28; missing, 2. Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Barnhill was killed at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, and fell into the enemy's hands. Major H. W. Hall assumed command of the regiment. The regiment, with the brigade, fell back from the position gained at the foot of the mountain, about three-quarters of a mile. At dark built line of works; was relieved about 12 o'clock at night; encamped in rear of main works in front of the mountain.

On the morning of 3rd July the regiment marched, with the brigade, to Marietta, Ga.; encamped for the night. July 4, regiment marched, with brigade, to the right wing of the army. July 7, arrived at Nickajack Creek, two miles and a half from Chattahoochee River. In the night built breast-works. July 12, regiment marched, with the brigade, by way of Marietta, Ga.; crossed the Chattahoochee River at Roswell Mills; encamped one mile and a half from Roswell Mills on the evening of July 14. July 17, the regiment marched with brigade; arrived at Decatur, Ga., July 19. July 20, marched with the brigade, from Decatur; position of the regiment in the line of battle formed by the brigade in the evening was extreme left of brigade; at night built breast-works. July 21, marched, with brigade, to Peach Tree Creek; at night advanced and built line of breast-works. July 22, sent forward skirmish line, by order C. C. Walcutt, commanding brigade; regiment, with brigade, moved forward in line of battle to works evacuated by the enemy; regiment was engaged on same day. Casualties, 1 officers wounded, 10 enlisted men wounded. Night of 26th marched with brigade; arrived in rear of Seventeenth Corps, then on extreme right, evening 27th July. July 28, moved forward, with brigade, to support of skirmish line; position of regiment in brigade, extreme left. At 12 m. received orders to move double-quick to re-enforce skirmish line at extreme right of the Fourth Division. When the regiment arrived in rear of the skirmish line the regiment was formed in line of battle; advanced up the hill, and drove the enemy back from position they had taken from the skirmish line. Major H. W. Hall, commanding regiment, was wounded at the crest of the hill; Captain Galvin, senior officer present, assumed command. The regiment remained in the position gained until 4 o'clock in the afternoon; was ordered back to rear of brigade; remained about half an hour, and was again ordered to the extreme right, and remained until sunset; was relieved by brigade from Fourteenth Corps. Casualties during engagement, 4 officers wounded; enlisted men killed, 4; enlisted men wounded, 31.

August 1, moved forward one mile to works made by pioneer corps, Fourth Division; position in brigade, extreme left. 3rd day

