
August, advanced to line of works made by pioneer corps, Fourth Division, remained on left of brigade. August 9, moved forward half mile; made line of works. On 12th day August Captain William Stewart assumed command of the regiment, being senior officer. Remained in camp until night of the 26th August; moved, with brigade, to the right of army; arrived at Montgomery railroad. August 28, was ordered to move to and destroy the railroad; was relieved at 12 o'clock at night; ordered back to camp, one mile a half from railroad. 30th August, regiment moved, with the brigade, to and crossed Flint River; made line of breast-works at night. August 31, the enemy attacked the regiment, but was forced to retire; no casualties.

September 2, marched, with brigade, through Jonesborough, and to front of Lovejoy's Station. In evening built line of breast-works.

WM. STEWART,

Captain, Commanding Fortieth Illinois Infantry Vols.

Captain E. N. UPTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 508.

Reports of Major Asias Willison, One hundred and third Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. 103rd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following as my official report of the operations participated in by the One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864, and ending September 6, 1864:

We struck tents at Scottsborough, Ala., May 1, 1864, and moved in the direction of Dalton, Ga., at which place the enemy were reported to be in force. Passing to the left of Dalton, we arrived at Snake Creek Gap on the 8th day of May, a distance of -- south of the above place. Here rifle-pits were thrown up, and we remained in position until the enemy evacuated Dalton and fell back to Resaca, Ga., a distance of -. Pursuit was immediately given, and on the 13th May we came up with the enemy, and found them strongly posted on a range of hills encircling the town. During the advance for the purpose of developing the enemy's line. Major Willison was seriously wounded and compelled to leave the field. The One hundred and third Regiment was engaged in skirmishing at this place until the 16th day of June, when the rebels again evacuated and retreated to Dallas. The casualties in the regiment were 1 commissioned officer, 5 enlisted men, wounded, and 1 killed. Nothing of importance occurred during the march to Dallas, where we arrived on the 26th day of May, 1864, and took position, after some slight skirmishing, on the range of hills near the extreme right of the Federal line and some 600 or 800 yards from the enemy's works. Here rifle-pits were thrown up, and one the 27th and 28th the enemy made two desperate attempts to carry the works, but were repulsed each day with heavy loss. On the 28th our brave and gallant colonel was mortally wounded while nobly urging his men to their duty. The casualties in the One hundred and third Illinois during the two days'

