
engagement were 1 field officer killed, 1 line officers wounded, 2 enlisted men killed, 28 wounded, 9 missing. Captain A. B. Smith, Company K, deserve special mention for having captured, by the aid of two enlisted men of his company, 23 rebels on the skirmish line May 27. Skirmishing continued along the line at this place up to the last of May.

On the morning of the 1st of June the position was abandoned, and we moved to ridge some four or five miles, and relieved the Twentieth Army Corps at a place called New Hope Church. The regiment was engaged in skirmishing, digging rifle-pits, and advancing the line up to the time of the enemy's evacuation, June 5, 1864. The casualties in the regiment at this place were 1 killed, 4 wounded. On the morning of the 5th June the army was again put in motion in pursuit of the enemy, who had fallen back to a strong position on Kenesaw Mountain, a distance of -. We arrived at Big Shanty Station, distant one mile and a half from Kenesaw, on the 10th June, 1864, and remained at this place, inactive, till the morning of the 15th of June, when the Fourth Division was ordered to the extreme left of the Federal line. The Second Brigade moved in the advance, and, after marching a short distance, was formed in line of battle, the One hundred and third Illinois on the extreme right of the brigade, and received orders to charge and take possession of a wooded hill some 800 yards in front, and upon which the enemy had thrown up slight defenses. At the sound of the bugle the column advanced to the charge on the run, and drove the rebels from the works, capturing between 300 and 400 prisoners, the One hundred and third Illinois taken about 50 of the number. The ground over which the charge was made was very rough and hilly, a deep creek intervening between the point of starting and the hill to be taken. The line became badly broken in making the crossing, but the line was again soon formed, and remained in reserve until the morning of June 27, 1864, on which day, at 8 a. m., the Second Brigade moved farther to the right and near the center of the Federal line, and, forming line of battle, the One hundred and third Illinois on the left of the brigade, advanced to the assault upon the rebel works, which were situated upon a high ridge of rocks, very difficult of ascent. The distance to the works was about 800 yards, and the ground over which the troops compelled to pass was covered with thick undergrowth of brush and vines. Owing to these obstructions the line became badly broken and disorganized. As the column approached within sight of the works the enemy opened a galling fire, killing and wounding many. Lieutenant-Colonel Wright among the number wounded; but, nothing daunted, the brave men rushed forward, and gained the edge of the hill. The colors of the One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers were placed within thirty yards of the works. The regiment remained in the position gained for about three-quarters of an hour, when orders were received to fall back. The line was again formed near the ordinal starting point, and then advanced to within 150 yards of the rebel defenses, and threw up rifle-pits, and there remained unmolested until evening, when the brigade was moved to the rear, in reserve, where the troops remained inactive until the morning of the 4th of July, on which day the enemy evacuated and retired across the Chattahoochee River, a

