
distance of fifteen miles. The march was uninterrupted to this place, and the Second Brigade was not engaged at this point, except on the skirmish line. On the 14th instant Army of the Tennessee moved to the extreme right of the enemy's line and, crossing the river at Roswell, occupied the town of Decatur within much opposition. From this place the column was again advanced, and the enemy were found strongly posted behind their works about two miles and a half from Atlanta, facing east from the city. During the night of the 21st of July the rebels evacuated their line in our immediate front, and at an early hour on the 22nd the works were occupied by our troops. About 12 m. the enemy made a desperate attempt to turn the left flank of Federals, but being repulsed, fiercely attacked the whole line. The Second Brigade, in order to repulse the assault, was compelled to fight on the front and flank, but through the exertions of a skillful commander was completely victorious and drove the enemy back in confusion, capturing many prisoners. Toward evening the One hundred and third Illinois was detached, and moved to the right as support for the First Brigade of Fourth Division. As the regiment approached the works, the brigade mentioned was discovered falling back, and having no orders what position to occupy, moved on the run for the nearest point of the works and held them until it was discovered that the whole line on the right was falling back, when orders were given for the regiment to move out by the left flank, which was accomplished in as good order as possible under the circumstances. The enemy not taking immediate possession of the works in force, the One hundred and third Regiment was again advanced, and driving the rebel stragglers back, occupied the works again and held them until evening, when the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, came up, and the regiment was relieved and moved back to the brigade. The casualties in the One hundred and third Regiment during this day's engagement were, 1 commissioned officer killed, 2 enlisted men killed and 10 wounded. The enemy's line evacuated, was held by our troops will the evening of the [26th], when the Army of the Tennessee moved to the extreme right, a distance of -. On the morning of 28th July, as the Fifteenth Army Corps was moving into position, the enemy fiercely attacked the line for purpose of driving it back and turning the flank, but they were repulsed with heavy loss and compelled to retreat. The Second Brigade was in reserve, but in a few moments after the commencement of the battle moved forward as support for the line, the One hundred and third shared the fortunes of the gallant Seventh Ohio, and together the two regiments repulsed three desperate assaults upon their lines, punishing the enemy severely. The casualties in the One hundred and third in this engagement were 4 enlisted men killed, 13 wounded.

Nothing further of importance occurred until the night of the 26th August, during which interval, from the 28th [ultimo], the line had been advanced to within a few hundred yards of the enemy's main fortifications, skirmishing having been going on each day. The casualties in the One hundred and third Illinois, during the time mentioned, were 1 commissioned officer wounded, 5 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded. On the night of the 26th August the Army of the Tennessee evacuated the line, and moved to the extreme right, destroying the [Montgomery railroad], advanced to Jonesborough, twenty-five miles to the southwest of Atlanta, where we arrived on the night of the [30th]. Here the enemy were dis-

