
covered to be in force, and during the night we were employed in throwing up works. The [night] passed without any demonstration on either side except with artillery. About 2 p. m. on the [31st] the enemy attempted to carry the works by storm, but were repulsed. Owing to the position occupied by the One hundred and third Illinois the regiment were not engaged.

At early dawn on the morning of the [2nd September] it was discovered that the rebels had evacuated; pursuant was immediately given, and about 4 p. m. we came up with the enemy, who were found strongly posted on a range of hills called Cedar Bluffs, four miles and a half south of Jonesborough. The Second Brigade moved in advance to this place, the One hundred and third Illinois in advance of the brigade. After the enemy showing a determination to make a stand, preparation was immediately made to develop his line. The One hundred and third Regiment was detailed as reserve for the skirmishers of the Second Brigade, and advanced in rear of the Forty-sixth Ohio skirmishers. After advancing for the distance of nearly a mile, and meeting with but little opposition, the enemy's skirmishers suddenly appeared in considerable force on a high hill a short distance from third Illinois here gained the front of the line, the Forty-sixth Ohio connecting on the right and left. The rebel skirmishers were driven back, with the loss of several killed and wounded and 19 prisoners in the front of the One hundred and third. The enemy abandoned quite a number of intrenching tools, with which the men were enabled to throw up slight defenses and in time to repulse two assaults of the enemy's skirmishers. About 9 p. m. the Twenty-sixth Illinois came up, and, occupying the pits, relieved the One hundred and third Illinois. The casualties in the One hundred and third Regiment in this affair were 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men wounded. On the night of the 5th instant the army evacuated the position in front of the enemy's line, and, with but slight interruption, marched to quarters at East Point, Ga., thus closing the campaign in four months and six days.

A recapitulation of the casualties in the One hundred and third Illinois Volunteers foot up as follow: Field officers-killed, 1; wounded, 2. Line officers-killed, 4; wounded, 3. Enlisted men--killed, 32; wounded, 125; missing, 9. Aggregate, 176.

A. WILLISON,

Major, Commanding 103rd Illinois Volunteers.

Captain E. N. UPTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 509.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Wright, One hundred and third Illinois Infantry, of operations May `3-15.

HDQRS. 103rd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following is a brief outline of operations participated in by the One hundred and third Illinois Volunteer Infantry during the engagement near Resaca, Ga.:

On the 13th May, 1864, we were ordered to leave knapsacks and guard, and at 8 a. m. moved to the front, where we formed line of

