
battle on road leading to Resaca. While moving forward we were met by very warm fire from the enemy's batteries, wounding Major Willison, and compelling him to quit the field. From this place we closed in upon the enemy under a sharp skirmish fire. They were found to be in force near Resaca. We took position on a hill facing the enemy, and immediately threw out skirmishers. Slight skirmishing continued all that afternoon and evening. On the 14th May, nothing occurred of importance along our line. Skirmishing quite brisk at times. On the morning of the 15th we were ordered to move to the support of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, about half a mile on our night, where we remained without being engaged, the enemy evacuating on the morning of the 16th May.

Our casualties at this place were as follows: 1 man killed; 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men [wounded].

GEO. W. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 510.

Report of Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations May 1-15.

CAMP NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFTY., SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry Volunteers in the recent battles in Northern Georgia:

On the 1st day of May, 1864, the Ninety-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers left Scottsborough, Ala., with the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps (to which it then belonged), for Chattanooga, Tenn., where it arrived on the evening of the 5th, and encamped five miles to the southeast of Chattanooga, Tenn., at a point where the Rossville road crosses the Chattanooga Creek. On the morning of the 6th I received an order from General Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, transferring the Ninety-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry to the Second Brigade, with orders to me to report in person to Colonel C. C. Walcutt, commanding Second Brigade. This order was complied with at once. The brigade was already moving on the road to Villanow, the Ninety-seventh Regiment falling in position assigned to it, where it remained. We arrived at the east end of Snake Creek Gap, in Sugar Valley, on the 9th day of May. On the morning of the 11th I* received orders from General Harrow to move my command about one mile to the front and occupy a spur of the Chattoogata Mountain, running from the north side of Snake Creek Gap in the direction of Resaca. I at once moved to this position and commenced throwing up breast-works and felling timber as direction of Resaca. I at once moved to this position and commenced throwing up breast-works and felling timber as directed by the general. By dark this works was nearly completed and the regiment bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 12th heavy cannonading was heard in the direction of Dalton and the enemy reported advancing on our front. I at once advance a strong line of skirmishers and posted them in the woods about 500 yards to the front of our works, where they remained until relieved at night by the regular picket guards. On

