
this crossing. It appears, however, in collateral reports that the enemy attempted to drive back a part of this division, but failed, and was defeated in the action. Rebel casualties were estimated at 250 in killed and wounded. In part of the other divisions of the Army of the Tennessee there was hot skirmishing and much artillery firing, which was kept up on our part during the night. It was this night (the 15th) that Johnston retreated from Resaca, giving up a second stronghold.

FROM THE CROSSING OF THE OOSTENAULA TO THE CROSSING OF THE ETOWAH.

In accordance with written instructions from General Sherman, dated May 16, the army was put in motion on the Rome road, crossing the river at Lay's Ferry; General Dodge had the advance. When between two and three miles from the river the advance met a check, coming upon the enemy in some force. Addivision of the Fifteenth Corps was pushed up to General Dodge's assistacne as repidly as possible. The enemy, however, made but a slight stant, and then retired. In this action the Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Corps, was engaged. The casualties amounted to 52 killed, wounded, and missing. Its commandier, Colonel Burke, Sixty- sixth Illinois, was mortally wounded and died next day, giving the sacrifice of a valuable life to his contry. At this place the command went into position. May 17, the command marched to McGuire's Cross- Roads. On the morning of the 18th, in obedience to instructions from General Sherman in his letter from Adairsville, May 17, the command for med a junction with the Army of the Cumberland at that point and marched thence to Woodland. Took up position for the night on the Kingston and Rome road. The 19th the command marched to Kingston. Considerable cannonading was heard in that direction before commencing the march; no opposition, however, was incountered. At this place, with the other troops of the Military Division of the Mississippi, the Army of the Tennessee rested till the morning of the 23d, making preparations for the march upon Dallas, in obedience to General Sherman's Special Field Orders, No. 9. While at this point the army received the tahanks of the President of the United States, through the Secretary of War, for the vigor and success of its operations thus far.

FROM THE CROSSING OF THE ETOWAH TO THE CROSSING OF THE CHATTAHOOCHEE.

Special Field Orders, Nol.11, of General Sherman, required Major- General Blair to march the part of the Seventeenth Corps with him from Decatur to Rome and Kingston, and to garrison Rome with a force of 2,000 men. Major- General Blair had assumed command of the Seventeenth Corps, with headquarters at Cairo, on the 4th of May, aand had concentrated by the 23rd two divisons at Huntsville, Ala., but as General Sherman desired to garrison Rome meanwhile, before the possible arrival of General Blair, a brigade and battery of the Sixteenth Corps were detached and ordered to Rome, to relieve the division of General J. C. Davis, then at that place. The rest of the command, pusuant to the above field order, marched, on the 23d, across the Etowah, by the Van Wert road and encamped at night on Euharlee Creek, making a distance of eighteen miles.

3R R- VOL XXXVIII, PT III

