
1864. On reporting to Major-General Logan it was ascertained that the brigade and division to which this regiment belonged was already on the march, and would probably camp that night at Rossville, at the same time giving Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Miller, then in command of the regiment, verbal orders to proceed immediately and join the command, which was done the same evening, reporting to Colonel C. C. Walcutt, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. The regiment, moving with and forming a portion of the Second Brigade, by continuous marches arrived at a point near Resaca on the 13th of May, where a line of battle was formed of the brigade, was moved forward to a position held by the One hundred Indiana Volunteers on the crest of a small hill. Companies I and F were then thrown forward as skirmishers, taking the spur of a hill in our front, about 100 yards from the enemy's works, at the same time connecting on the right with the left of General Osterhaus. It was thus matters stood on the night of the 13th.

On the morning of the 14th Companies H and F drove the enemy's skirmishers into their main line of works, which had been much strengthened during the night, and prevented the enemy from opening his artillery in our front. The battery was in plain sight. The range was not to exceed 150 yards in a straight line, and they did fine execution, as could be seen from our high position and the number of men being carried on litters. At 2 p. m. I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, commanding regiment, to re-enforce the skirmish line with Companies K, G, and B, and move forward. At the signal given the line moved gallantly forward, Companies K and B through an open field, under a heavy fire of the enemy, taking a ravine running directly along the foot of the hill on which the enemy were posed. This ravine, although muddy and in some places very deep, furnished protection to the men where they could command the enemy's works without exposing themselves.

On the evening of the 14th intrenching tools were furnished, and on the morning of the 15th the skirmish line, composed of Companies G, E, C, F, and D of this regiment, were well fortified on the banks of the ravine heretofore mentioned. The balance of the regiment was moved during the night, with the Second Brigade, by the right flank in support of General Osterhaus. The companies on the skirmish line were ordered to remain with them until relieved, and then join the command. On the 15th, at 9 o'clock, I received orders to relieve the skirmishers of the Sixth Iowa, if it was safe, and join the command. Deeming it safe to relieve Company G, it was relieved on the night of the 15th, and joined the command.

To the officers of this regiment I am grateful for their hearty support and prompt co-operation in every movement. The men, with two or three exceptions, behaved with usual gallantry, and although many were shoeless, from the fact of not having shoes to fit them, bore it without a murmur.

Herewith attached I have the honor to forward report of casualties from May 5 to 15th, inclusive.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. ENNIS,

Major, Commanding.

---------------

*Shows 3 men killed and 14 men wounded.

---------------

