
Numbers 512.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander J. Miller, Sixth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, East Point, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the recent campaign:

My command rejoined the corps and division, from veteran furlough, at Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 5th day of May. Nothing of special interest occurred during our march through Snake Creek Gap nor until we arrived at Resaca, Ga., where the enemy confronted us in position on the 13th day of May, 1864. My command was here employed principally in skirmishing. Captain George W. Holmes, Company K, deserves special mention for the gallant manner in which he here moved his command across an open field, in face of the enemy. On the night of the 15th the enemy evacuated his position, and my regiment, together with the entire army corps, moved rapidly through, the to the right of, the town of Dallas, Ga., and on the morning of the 27th occupied, with the brigade, a narrow crest of a ridge in full view of the enemy's works. before rifle-pits could be completed he commenced a vigorous cannonading, and follow by a terrific attack of infantry. The enemy was brilliantly repulsed, and left his dead and wounded upon the field in large numbers. On the 28th of May he again charged our works, to be again discomfited and repulsed. In this second attack I was myself wounded, and the command devolved upon Major Thomas J. Ennis.

On the 1st day of June the command was moved to the right, and took position at New Hope Church previously occupied by the Twentieth Army Corps. Here it remained four days, advancing upon the enemy by gradual approaches, when, on the night of June 3, the enemy suddenly retreated to Kenesaw Mountain. On the 15th day of June the entire division, the Second Brigade in advance, charged and carried the rifle-pits on the left of the mountain, capturing a large number of prisoners. On the 27th day of June the command joined in a vigorous but unsuccessful assault upon the enemy's works upon Little Kenesaw Mountain.

On the 4th day of July, the enemy having evacuated the mountain, the command marched to a point on the Chattahoochee River, ten miles to the left of Marietta, where we remained, skirmishing with the enemy's pickets, and on the 13th day of July marched through Marietta, and on the 14th crossed the river at Roswell Factory. On the 22d, day of July, at 1 p. m., the enemy fiercely engaged our rear. After four hours of severe fighting, during which time we occupied every side of parallel and perpendicular works, the enemy was driven from your front, rear, and left in utter and complete confusion. The regiment bivouacked the night of the 27th in the rear of the Sixteenth Corps, and on the morning of the 28th marched, with the brigade, a distance of one mile and a half to the right, when the brigade was placed in reserve a few rods in rear of the main line, partially protected from the enemy's shell by a ridge in front. Here the command remained, without loss, until about 11 a. m., when a terrific and persistent attack was made upon the main line. Half an hour later the regiment, followed by the Fortieth Illinois Infantry,

