
and conducted by the corps commander in person moved by the double-quick step to the right of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, where the enemy had gained the crest of a ridge on the prolongation of our main line of battle. The regiment had marched by the flank, and as the command came to a front a terrific volley was poured into our ranks. The gallant Thomas J. Ennis, major commanding, fell from his horse mortally wounded, and the command of the battalion here devolved upon Captain William H. Clune. After a short but severe struggle, during which the combatants were less than thirty yards apart, the enemy gave way, and were pursued some distance beyond the crest of the ridge. The command was then ordered back, and hastily constructed a slight barricade upon the crest, connecting upon the left with Fortieth Illinois Infantry, and being upon the extreme right. Three companies were then deployed to protect that flank. The command remained in this position until 4 p. m., driving which time four distinct assaults were made, rather feeble than vigorous. Each was easily repulsed. About 2 p. m. a regiment of the Seventeenth Army Corps came up ordered back to the right. At 4 p. m. my command was ordered back to the brigade; was ordered soon again to the right to establish a skirmish line on the flank. My command was soon relieved and resumed the position occupied in the morning, which completed the movements for the day.

The command remained here until the 3rd day of August, when the regiment moved up to the front line, where it remained, frequently skirmishing with the corps evacuated the line under a vigorous cannonading, and marched to the right a distance of five miles, to the plantation of Judge Wilson, where it remained until the afternoon of the 27th August. On the evening of August 28, we reached the Montgomery railroad, and were employed during the night in destroying the track. On the morning of 30th the corps moved southward, constantly skirmishing, and crossed Flint River in the afternoon and threw up rifle-pits in front of Jonesborough during the night. About 4 p.m. on the 31st the enemy advanced upon our works, but was easily repulsed.

During the night of September 1 the enemy evacuated our front, and at 7 a. m. of the 2nd the corps commenced the pursuant, the Second Brigade of Fourth Division in advance. My regiment was deployed as skirmishers immediately south of the village, and advanced rapidly in a southeasterly direction, parallel with the Macon and Georgia Railroad. About 8 a. m. we came up with the rear guard of the enemy, composed of cavalry and two pieces of flying artillery. For four hours a brisk skirmish continued, the enemy retiring before a well-directed fire. At 12 m. I was relieved, and my command rejoined the brigade. At 4 p. m. the brigade advanced in line of battle, a distance of nearly two miles, to the crest of a ridge within easy range of the enemy's works. On the 4th day of September I received a copy of the commanding general's order, announcing the fall of Atlanta, and on the evening of the 5th returned, with the division, to Jonesborough, pardonably proud that my command had contributed in some small degree to the glorious result of the campaign.

Of the conduct of my officers and men it is unnecessary to speak. They belong to, and they have never disgraced, the Army of the Tennessee. Major Thomas J. Ennis was killed July 28. Noble, gal-

