
lant and chivalric, his familiar and clarion "onward" rang out above the din of battle at the fatal moment of his fall. Adjt. Newby Chase was killed May 28. A true soldier; he gave his life freely for an adopted country. Captain Thomas J. Elrick, Lieutenants Grimes, Baldwin, Clark, and Haynes bravely contributed their all to the service of their country.

I can pay no higher compliment to the living than to say they have performed their duties. One-half my command has been killed and wounded-none taken prisoners. They have cheerfully endured the hardships of the campaign, confident that the commanding general wound lead them to victory and honor.

I must express my thanks to Asst. Surg. William S. Lambert. He was ever at the front, and untiring in his exertions to relieved the sick and wounded.

Lieutenant Barker, Company A, was severely wounded at Dallas and returned too seen to mingle in all engagement subsequent to July 25.

To Lieutenant E. G. Fracker I am greatly indebted. He performed the duties of adjutant, and was never absent from the field of battle.

I should also mention that Captain William H. Clune assumed command of the regiment June 29, owing to the illness of Major Ennis, retaining the same until July 14, and again, upon the fall of that officer, till my return, August 4.

The division commissary, Captain Cornyn, and the division quartermaster, Captain Morlan, have furnished full supplies of rations and clothing during the campaign.

My command is now encamped at East Point, hoping to form a part of the grand army destined to bear our banner triumphantly southward.

I append a list of casualties for the campaign.*

I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. J. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Iowa Infantry.

Captain E. N. UPTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Fourth Div.

Numbers 513.

Report of Captain Joshua W. Heath, Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 1-15.

HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFTY., Camp in the Field, near Acworht, Ga., June 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I make the following report:

On the 30th of April we received General Orders, Numbers 27, from division headquarters, to have the command ready to move on the morning of May 1, 1864, on the road toward Chattanooga. In pursuance of the above orders the regiment took up their line of march, with the rest of the division, at 7 a. m. Upon starting a detachment of eighty men of the Sixth Iowa Infantry, in charge of a commis-

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 115.

---------------

