
sioned officer, were directed to report to major commanding the regiment, by order of Colonel C. C. Walcutt, commanding Second Brigade.

The regiment reached Chattanooga on the afternoon of May 5, campaign three miles south on the Rossville road. There, in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 7, brigade headquarters, dated May 5, 1864, the regiment placed in store, at Chattanooga, all camp and garrison equipage, surplus quartermaster stores, and baggage, retaining rejoined the brigade, the detachment of eighty men in our charge were ordered to report to their regiment. At 11 a. m. again took up our line of march, camping at 7 o'clock the following morning. Owing to regiment being guard for division train, we did not encamp until 2 o'clock the following morning, near Taylor's Gap, Ga. Resumed our march at 9 a. m., and encamped at 4 p. m. at Villanow, Ga. The succeeding day, May 9, marched out eight [miles], through Snake Creek Gap, where the division encamped. The regiment was placed on picket on the Calhoun road, where it remained until the morning of May 11, where we rejoined our brigade and were formed in line of battle on its left. About 1 p. m. the regiment was ordered forward to another hill to erect breast-works. May 12, completed the works, when the rest of the brigade moved up, and we were formed in line of battle behind the works on the right of the brigade. May 13, at 7 o'clock the regiment, with the rest of the division, marched out of the works on the Resaca road, and met the enemy about three miles from Resaca, formed in line of battle on the left of our brigade, and advanced, with the brigade, in line in the rear of the First Brigade, about 1,000 [yards], through the thick woods, into an open field. Here, while the regiment was crossing a creek, the Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, was brought on the left of the regiment to prevent being flanked by the enemy, and the regiment took their place in line, thus making the Forty-sixth Regiment the next to the left and the Ninety-seventh Indiana The left regiment of the brigade. We then advanced across the field and into the woods; the First Brigade being out of ammunition were relieved by the Second Brigade, the Forty-sixth relieving the Twelfth Indiana Volunteer Infantry. Two companies were placed on the skirmish line in the edge of the woods opposite an opened field, the regiment being in line forty yards in the rear of the skirmishers. In this position the regiment remained all night. Casualties during the day were 4 men wounded. The succeeding day, May 14, the regiment remained in the same position, with a heavy skirmish line in its front. Casualties, 1 man killed, 1 lieutenant and 5 men wounded. At 3 o'clock the morning of the 15th the regiment was moved, and, with the brigade, moved about half a mile to the right to support a position of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. About 9 o'clock we were moved back again to nearly our formed position in the line. At 11 a. m. the regiment was relieved by the Tenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, and joined the brigade half a mile in the rear on the right of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Loss this day, 2 men wounded.

During the night the enemy evacuated their works, and the afternoon of May 16 the regiment took up its line of march, with the division, in pursuit.

