
The loss in the regiment during the three days' engagement at Resaca, Ga., 1 man killed, 1 lieutenant and 11 men wounded, so as to unfit them for duty; some others were so slightly wounded that they did not leave the field.
Very respectfully,

J. W. HEATH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 514.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac N. Alexander, Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 17-September 8.

HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY., East Point, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular received from brigade headquarters, requiring a detail report of the operations of my command in the late campaign, I would respectfully submit the following:

As I was not in command of the regiment during the first part of the campaign, I would beg leave to submit the late Captain J. W. Heath's report of the earlier operations, as follows:*

On the morning of the 17th May, 1864, the regiment, with the remained of the brigade, took its line of march for Atlanta, and in four days reached Kingston, Ga., passing through Adairsville. There we lay encamped three days. On the morning of May 23 again started on the march, and the evening of the 25th encamped about two miles and a half from Dallas, Ga. Just upon getting into camp heavy firing was heard on our front, and the regiment was moved forward about a quarter of a mile, and formed in line of battle on the extreme left of the brigade, in which position it remained all night. The next day (May 26) the regiment moved forward about five miles, and lay all night in line of battle in a corn-field, in rear of the Ninety-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry. In the morning (May 27) the regiment was ordered to report to Colonel Oliver, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and was placed in line of battle with the Third Brigade, being the next to the extreme right regiment. Two companies of the regiment were placed on the skirmish line in its front, and two companies were detailed from the regiment and sent to the right. At 3 p. m. the enemy advanced in line of battle to drive in the skirmishers, but were repulsed. At 7 p. m. the regiment was ordered to rejoin the Second Brigade, taking position in line on the extreme left of the brigade, relieving the Ninety-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry; completed the breast-works commenced by the Ninety-ninth, and lay in line all night. Casualties in the regiment on that day were 1 man killed and 11 wounded. At 4 p. m. the next day (May 28) the enemy assaulted our position in heavy force, but were repulsed after a sharp engagement of about one hour. The regiment suffered a loss in the engagement of Major Henry H. Giesy, commanding, killed, 1 lieutenant and 9 men wounded. Upon the death of Major Giesy Captain J. W. Heath succeeded him to the command of the regiment.

---------------

*See p. 334.

---------------

