
upon the right of the brigade, which lay in reserve. July 21, the regiment was moved on the line to the left, with the brigade, and relieved a part of the Seventeenth Army Corps. In the morning of July 22, the enemy having evacuated their first line of works, the regiment moved forward, with the brigade, and occupied them. About 12 m. the enemy attempted to turn our left flank, and the regiment was formed in line on the left center of the brigade in an open corn-field, at right angles to the works it had just been occupying. The enemy advanced, but were repulsed after an engagement of about half an hour. Constructed a slight work, and remained in that position all night. Casualties of this day were Captain J. W. Heath, commanding regiment, and 8 men killed, and 15 wounded. Upon the death of Captain Heath I succeeded to the command of the regiment. At 1 a. m. (July 27) the regiment, with the brigade, vacated the works, moved to the extreme right of the line, and lay in the rear of the Sixteenth Army Corps all night. At daylight the following morning (July 28) moved out on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps to take position. The regiment being in column, with its brigade, when the action commenced, in pursuance of orders, I changed its direction, and took position in rear of the right wing of Seventieth Ohio Infantry, and left wing of Ninety-ninth Indiana, along the edge of the woods, and covered by barricades of rails and such material as we could hastily throw together. By the time we had taken this position the whole line of our division had become hotly engaged, when I received an order to move the regiment forward in support of the line. The regiment was immediately advanced in line of battle through the woods, when I was notified that the left was hotly pressed. The advance was then changed to left oblique, and we advanced, covering the right wing of the One hundred and third Illinois Infantry and Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, where they were engaged. The regiment then opened upon the enemy in front, and remained in the action until its close. Soon as the enemy ceased firing I advanced a light skirmish line, which showed the enemy to advance in our front. One other attempt was made by the enemy to advance, but, being feeble, was promptly repulsed. The skirmish line sent out brought in the colors of the Thirtieth Louisiana, which I have heretofore forwarded to your headquarters. The loss sustained by the regiment was 6 enlisted men wounded. July 30, the position of the line was changed, and the regiment was placed on the skirmish line. The next morning (July 31), pursuant to orders from brigade commander, the skirmish line advanced about 200 yards, and held its position for two hours, when it was ordered back to its relieved, and formed behind the works in the rear of the One hundred and third Illinois.

