
were two to one. At about dark we were relieved from the line by the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry. Loss sustained during this engagement was 1 lieutenant killed, 1 lieutenant and 2 men wounded. On the 3rd we lay in reserve, and on the 4th we were ordered upon the front line. This day Captain Ramsey was killed, and the campaign virtually closed.

I am unable to report the number of the enemy the command has placed hors de combat form killed and wounded. We have captured prisoners from the enemy, unwounded, 433. Am unable to give the number of wounded captured; however, it was not inconsiderable.

I, in conclusion, make the following summary of our casualties during the campaign: Commissioned officers-killed, 7; wounded, 4. Enlisted men-killed outright, 30; since died of wounds, 7; wounded, yet alive, 121. Total killed and wounded, 169. Prisoners captured from us, 1; total, 170.

I have the honor, captain, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC N. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 515.

Report of Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 6-August 3.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following hastily-drawn report of the part taken by the Third Brigade, of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, in this campaign, commencing May 6 and ending August 3, when this brigade was discontinued. In the midst of the works necessarily devolving upon us all, this report cannot be made as full or as perfect as it ought to be:

I assumed command of the brigade, consisting of the Forty-third Ohio, Colonel Jones; Seventieth Ohio, Major William Brown; Fifteenth Michigan, Major Hutchinson; Ninety-ninth Indiana, Colonel Fowler; and Forty-eighth Illinois, Colonel Greathouse, commanding, May 6, 1864, then in the field near Rossville, Ga., and marched, via Crawfish Springs and Villanow, to Snake Creek Gap, where we arrived on the 8th day of May. On the 11th marched one mile to the front, and formed column of division at half distance, in reserve, in rear of First and Second Brigades, of this division. The Fifty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry was here transferred to Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of Major General John A. Logan. On the 12th moved forward one mile; made temporary fortifications on the left of Snake Creek Valley; advanced skirmishers, but no enemy found. On the 13th marched to near Resaca, and formed the reserve of our division; formation, line of battle in mass. May the 14th, remained in reserve all day. At 10 p. m. the Fifteenth Michigan and Ninety-ninth Indiana Regiments were sent to the right by your order. May 15, at 2 a. m. was ordered to the front. AT 4 a. m. ordered to return to our did old position. At 9 a. m. was relieved by General Baird's division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and marched and formed in reserve on the Resaca road, where we learned the rebels

