
had evacuated their works at that place. Marched, May 16, from near Resaca, and crossed the Oostenaula River, on the road to Rome. On the 17th marched, by way of Adairsville, the near Kingston, where we arrived on the 19th. On the 20th, 21st, and 22nd remained in camp. On the 23rd marched, via Van Wert, to Dalls, where we arrived on the 26th. Advanced south of Dallas about one mile, and formed line of battle. The Forty-eighth Illinois were deployed as skirmishers, covering the line of the whole division. On the 27th threw up works, and skirmished with the enemy all day. On the 28th (at 4 p. m.) the enemy charged our line, and were handsomely repulsed. The behavior of the officers and men of the command was excellent. Our line was steadily held. No confusion of any kind took place. The fight was severe, the aggregate loss of the brigade in killed, wounded, and missing being 55.

We remained in this position, with occasional skirmishers with the enemy, until the morning of June 1, when our lines were very skillfully withdrawn, and we marched to the left and relieved a brigade of General Geary's command, Twentieth Army Corps, near New Hope Church. Remained here until the 5th, the enemy having left their works in our front during the night of the 4th. Marched to Acworth, where we remained until the 10th. Marched to Big Shanty and formed line of battle in two lines, on the right of the division, on a ridge to the right of the railroad, designated by Brigadier-General Harrow. We remained in this position until the 15th, when we were ordered to the extreme left of our line, and supported the Second Brigade of this division in one of the most gallant charges made during this war. The enemy were driven from their works with a loss of 500 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. At night we retired about one mile to the right and rear. Remained in some position until the 19th, when we marched to the right and formed, Kenesaw Mountain. We remained in this position until the 26th, when, at dark, we marched two miles to the right and relieved Colonel Daniel McCook's brigade. Fourteenth Army Corps, fronting Little Kenesaw Mountain. On the 27th our skirmish line was advanced in order to make a demonstration in favor of the Second Division of this corps, who, assisted by the Second Brigade of this division, were ordered to assault Little Kenesaw Mountain. The advance of the skirmishers of this division, under Lieutenant-Colonel Berkey, Ninety-ninth Indiana, was very fine. He reports the conduct of the detachment from this brigade (from the Fifteenth Michigan) as excellent, and that Lieutenants Brown, Hubbell, and Edwards, of that regiment, deserve particular mention for their conduct. The assault was unsuccessful.

Remained in our works until the 3rd day of July, the enemy having left the mountain on the night of the 2d. Our skirmishers advanced to the top of the mountain. Marched to Marietta. We left Marietta on the 4th and marched on the Powder Springs and Sandtown road. Arrived in front of enemy's works near Nickajack Creek. On the 5th formed on left of the Seventeenth Army Corps. We fortified a ridge in full view of the enemy's works, and advanced our skirmishers to Nickajack Creek. The enemy evacuated their works and crossed the Chattahoochee River on the night of the 9th. On the morning of the 10th the Seventieth Ohio was ordered to take possession of their works, and advanced their skirmishers to the river. On the morning of the

