
12th marched, via Marietta, to Roswell, and crossed the Chattahoochee on the 14th and encamped about one mile from the river, where we remained until the 17th, when we marched, by Cross Keys, to Decatur, arriving within one mile of the latter place on the 19th. On the 20th marched on Atlanta road; formed line of battle south of the Georgia Railroad; threw up works and skirmishers with the enemy. On the 21st the Forty-eighth Illinois was ordered forward to make a diversion in favor of General Gresham's division, Seventeenth Army Corps, who attempted to carry the enemy's line, but were unsuccessful. The rest of my command completed their works during the day. On the 22nd about 9 a. m. moved forward to the works held by the enemy the day before, the Seventieth Ohio on the left, Fifteenth Michigan on the right, Forty-eighth Illinois and Ninety-ninth Indiana in reserve. Works at once reserved. Skirmishers advance about one mile and reported enemy moving through town onto our left. About noon attention was drawn to firing in our rear. By the direction of the general I at once made dispositions to meet anything coming from such an unexpected direction; ordered the Ninety-ninth Indiana back to their former position, and put them into line, occupying the outer slope of their old rifle-pits. Two companies were thrown out as skirmishers at once. As the firing in the rear increased, there was no doubt of a serious attack. The enemy began to show themselves in the open field on our left and rear. The Forty-eighth Illinois was brought over and changed from forward on first company, Ninety-ninth Indiana making same change to the rear of last company, both regiments then went forward with a cheer, and drove the enemy to the woods again. During this time Seventieth Ohio and Fifteenth Michigan held their old positions. The troops on the left beginning to give way from this rear attack, the Fifteenth Michigan was ordered out on double-quick, and came across the open field through the stragglers in fine order, forming on the right of the Ninety-ninth Indiana across the ravine. The fight was so determined at this time that the Seventieth Ohio was brought over and placed in position where they could support either this brigade or the Second, which were both fully engaged in this attack on the left and rear. The Fifteenth Michigan charged and captured 17 officers and 1665 men, and 2 stand of colors (Fifth Confederate and Seventeenth and Eighteenth Texas).

The pickets in our front were reporting the enemy advancing. The Ninety-ninth Indiana and Forty-eighth Illinois were again thrown quickly across the field to the position held in the morning by the Fifteenth Michigan and Seventh Ohio, respectively. On this front the fight was bitter and intense for an hour, when the troops on the right, having actually left their rifle-pits, Colonel Fowle covered our right, having flank by skirmishers. Seeing that the position on our left that morning must be held, the Fifteenth Michigan was ordered by me to the right of the artillery now massed on the crest in the rear. After this was done, I ordered the Ninety-ninth Indiana to fall back and occupy the works left in the morning, and Colonel Greathouse to take his. The Seventieth Ohio, across the ravine, who had seriously injured the enemy by a flank fire, were now ordered back. After coming about forty yards the order was given by General Harrow in person to return, and back they went with a cheer. I have heard many an officer say that that hearty cheer of the Seventieth Ohio was the most encouraging

