
thing they had heard during the whole five hours' fight. As soon as the line were formed on the right, we again charged in line and retook our works, threw out skirmishers, and began to care for our wounded.

Where all were so actively engaged and so fully did their duty praise seems to be unnecessary, out of place, and unfair; but I must speak of Colonel Lucien Greathouse, of the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, who exhibited a splendid example to the whole army. Generous, gallant, and chivalrous, a few such men would save a nation. There is no one in this division who is not filled with admiration at his gallantry and devotion. There is no one who is not filled with sorrow at his death. He died on the field, at the head of his regiment, his face to the foe.

We remained in our position until the morning of the 27th, when we marched to the extreme right of the army, and camped for the night, in columns of regiments, on the south side of the road leading to Vining's. On the morning of July 28 the Third Brigade broke camp in rear of the Sixteenth Corps at avery early hour (feeling that a battle was imminent, I ordered a detail, who brought up intrenching tools for my command, which contributed greatly to our success) and moved to the right (southwest) and formed forward into line, connecting with the right of the First Division and forming with it a right angle. After a very hasty breakfast we moved by the left flank, keeping up connection with the First Division as it swung around into line, prolonging that of the Seventeenth Corps. During this movement our flankers and skirmishers exchanged occasional shots with the vedettes of the enemy. Shortly before 12 o'clock the brigade was halted in line, at an angle of rather more than 90 degrees, with that of the First Division--an interval of about 100 yards intervening--in the following order, commencing on the left: Seventieth Ohio, Ninety-ninth Indiana, Fifteenth Michigan, Forty-eighth Illinois. This line was in a dense wood, with a gentle ascent in front to a ridge, the crest of which was distant from 100 to 200 yards, where the wood terminated in open fields. The men immediately commenced throwing together such poles and chunks as could be found, so as to form a very slight defense, while a very heavy line of skirmishers was established on the ridge. As it became evident that the enemy was bringing a very heavy force in front, the skirmish line was again and again re-enforced, until four companies of each regiment were deployed. By this means the enemy were held in check and subjected to a most destructive fire in the open fields for at least half an hour. The intrenching tools were brought up and distributed along the line, when the skirmishers reported the enemy advancing in columns. The order to advance the line to the crest was given, but could not be fully executed before our skirmishers, overpowered by numbers, were compelled to fall back to the main line. In this advance we took about 40 prisoners, who were more enterprising and came faster than the rest. Our skirmishers were followed at an interval of but a few paces by dense columns of the enemy, which, covered as they were by the dense undergrowth, advanced within forty or fifty paces of our lines, when a terrific and destructive fire was opened upon them, and was continued steadily until their advance was checked, at the distance of from twenty to thirty paces. Their lines were cut down, disordered, and driven back some distance, when they rallied and again came

