
boldly forward to the charge, but under the murderous fire of our rifles were no more able to disorder or discompose our lines than before. They gained a little ground several times, only the lose it inch by inch, after the most terrible fighting on both sides. As the columns of the enemy were driven back our men lost a moment in strengthening their line-not works--with the tools they had, which proved of the greatest advantage in resisting the succeeding shock. After a very short interval, which did not amount to cessation of the battle, new and largely augmented columns of the enemy came pouring in upon us, with the same results, however, as before, although their colors were placated within twenty paces. Their front line were broken up by deadly musketry, their columns staggered, halted, and after vainly endeavoring to stand, gave back some distance, apparently for the purpose of rallying.

At this time the commanding general of the division having been notified that danger was to be apprehended from the gap existing on our left, the One hundred and third Illinois Infantry (Second Brigadier) was sent to fill it, and very shortly after the Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of same brigade, was sent to the same point and over-lapped somewhat the left of the Seventieth Ohio. And these two regiments, by their alacrity and gallantry, very materially assisted in driving back the attack from our front, notwithstanding repeated rallying and forming of columns on the part of the enemy, who were finally forced back in the greatest confusion. Before the commencement of the action the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, on the right, being placed in the prolongation of the brigade line, in a situation not considered favorable, was retired about twenty paces to the crest of a small point of ridge in the prolongation of the line of the First Brigade, and there erected some slight defenses. When the line was ordered to advance this regiment had reached its first position in the prolongation of our own line, and had remained and most gallantly repulsed every effort of the enemy to dislodge them until much of the force of the second principal assault of the enemy was expended, when a part of the regiment, armed with Smith and Wesson rifles, running out of ammunition, and a new supply being impossible, and the commanding general of the division seeing that their position was no better calculated for defense, and not so well protected as their first position on the crest, now occupied by the Ninetieth Illinois Infantry (First Brigade), ordered them to retire behind it,and the fighting on this part of the line to the close of the engagement was gallantly done by this regiment.

The Forty-eighth Illinois sustained its grand reputation since the death of its colonel fully. To its officers and men the highest praise for conduct under fire that can be given to soldiers is their due. Lieutenant-Colonel Berkey and his regiment, Ninety-ninth Indiana, have always steadily done their duty. The Seventieth Ohio, upon whom the heaviest pressure of the fight of the 28th fell, words cannot praise.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchinson (but recently promoted) and his regiment, the Fifteenth Michigan, have received the encomiums of the corps and department commanders so direct that it is unnecessary to speak of their great services. How severe the engagement of the 28th was for five or six hours, its heaviest blows falling upon this brigade; how fully, gallantly, nobly the whole line did their duty is so well known to the generals commanding

