
that eulogy by me is unnecessary. The commanding officers of regiments have made some special mention to which I ask attention. Their praise of officers, killed and wounded, are true.

July 29, we buried the dead of the enemy, retaining our position in line.

July 30, brigade was formed in reserve to First and Second Brigades, whose lines were advanced.

The position of the command remained the same 31st July, 1st, 2d, and 3rd of August.

On this day (August 3) Major William B. Brown, of Seventieth Ohio, was placed in command of detachments of 300 men from each brigade, and ordered to take the enemy's skirmish pits. He gallantly led them forward. After receiving his death wound his last words were: "Boys, take the works, and tell the general I died at my post, doing my duty." He died a model of a Christian soldier. The boys took the pits. About 60 prisoners were taken by this brigade.

I beg to remind the general of what he has spoken of before-the ability and gallantry of the staff of this brigade during this campaign.

Captain Henry L. Philips, acting assistant adjutant-general, is one well worthy of a much higher position and command. His conduct through the whole campaign has deserved the highest praise.

Captain Homan, formerly acting assistant inspector-general, relieved before Kenesaw, since then acting major of his regiment, Ninety-ninth Indiana, behaved with distinguished gallantry. He was wounded and taken prisoner during the battle of the 22d.

To Captain Campbell and Captain Considine I tender my warmest thanks for their steady, thoughtful, and valuable services during the time they have been with me. Their services I know are fully appreciated by the general commanding division, who has had them acting under his immediate supervision.

Lieutenant Brown was useful on the 28th. To say that he was gallant would be superfluous. He has my sincere thanks for his services.

My orderly, Seth Crossman, Company D, Fifteenth Michigan, severely wounded in the battle of the 22d, was of great use to us. He was brave, intelligent, prompt, and devoted. He is deserving of honorable mention for the manner in which he conducted himself on that trying occasion.

Yourself and the members of the division staff will accept my hearty thanks for the assistance you have so cheerfully rendered me upon all occasions upon this campaign.

Subjoined you will please find a report of casualties since May 6, 1864, occurring in the four regiments remaining after the assignment of the Fifty-third Ohio to the Second Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Also to the Second Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps. Also the number of prisoners captured, colors taken, and number of arms. These items should be all credited to the several regiments, but owing to misunderstanding in the provost-marshal's office, the accounts of regiments were not kept separate.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. OLIVER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE J. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.

