
march; we marched to Marietta, where we remained until the morning of the 4th at 11 a. m., when we resumed the march. On the night of the 4th we bivouacked in the forest contiguous to an open field, the east side of which was occupied by the enemy. On the 5th we moved in front of the enemy's works, which he had constructed on the west side of the Chattahoochee River. Here we constructed works on the 6th and 7th, and remained in vicinity of our works until the evening of the 12th. On the 10th Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith was wounded. On the evening of the 12th we resumed the march; passed through Marietta on the morning of the 13th at 10 a. m. On the 14th we passed through the town of Roswell, where we crossed the Chattahoochee River. On the 15th we constructed works; remained in our rifle-pits until the morning of the 17th, when we were ordered forward; march until the evening of the 20th, when we halted and constructed works. On the 21st the Forty-eighth charged the enemy's works, and drove in his pickets; lost 1 commissioned officer and 41 men killed and wounded, and 1 commissioned officer and 2 men prisoners. On the 22nd the Forty-eight was engaged all day; Colonel Greathouse was killed, and 40 men were killed and wounded. We held the works which had been constructed by the enemy until the morning of the 27th. On the morning of the 27th we resumed the march at 3 a. m. and marched immediately to the right, where we took our position on the right of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and directly in front of the enemy. On the morning of the 28th we were ordered forward in order feel for the enemy. Three companies of the Forty-eighth were deployed as skirmishers for the brigade. Immediately after the several companies were deployed sharps skirmishing ensued. Captain G[rime], who was commanding the skirmishers, discovered the enemy moving two batteries, one to his front, and one to the right of his skirmish line, for the purpose of throwing grape and canister into the skirmish line. After the enemy gaped, canistered, and shelled the skirmish line for the space of half an hour, the commander of the skirmishers discovered the enemy advancing in strong columns. The skirmishers remained stationary, with undaunted courage, until the enemy had advanced within thirty feet of our skirmish pits, when Captain G[rimes] gave the command to fire. The boys being cool and undaunted, immediately responded, pouring the most deadly volley of musketry into the very face of the enemy, which caused almost a panic in the rebel ranks, at least they were so confused as to compel the rebel commander to reform his lines ere he advanced farther. Immediately after firing, the skirmishers retreated and resumed their respective positions in the regiment. The engagement became general at 10 a. m. and lasted until 4.30 p. m., when the Forty-eighth Illinois was relieved by the Tenth Illinois. The Forty-eighth Illinois was relieved by the Tenth Illinois. The Forty-eighth Illinois lost 6 commissioned officers and 58 men killed and wounded.

The Forty-eighth Illinois remained on the line where works were constructed by the several regiments of the Fourth Division until the evening of the 3rd August, when we were moved forward to a line of works which had been constructed and formerly occupied by General Jeff. C. Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps.

EDWARD ADAMS,

Major 48th Illinois Infty. Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain H. L. PHILIPS,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Fourth Div., 15th Army Corps.

