
The loss of the enemy was estimated at 2,000. Casualties in the Sixteenth Corps are not separately enumerated in the reports. General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 13, May 28, May 28, embody the same instructions as his letter of the day before, directing General McPherson to occupy the line from General Hooker's right to the creek above the saw- mill. Upon his arrival, Generals Thomas and Schofield were to gain ground to the left. pusuant to these orders instructions were given to draw out by alternate lines, the movement in the enemy's immediate front to be from right to left. In the evening of this day (May29) General Logan commenced withdrawing the Fifteenth Corps. He reports-

Part of the troops on my extreme right had been withdrawn when the enemy demonstrated heavily along my entire front, making it necessary to return all the troops to the trenches again. * * * Fron 11 p. m. until 3 a. m. the musketry fire on both sides was more or less vigorously sustained, and our intended mvement was not accomplished.

June 1, the proposed change of position was efected just at daylight in the morning and without loss. This was facilitated by a new line of works constructed nearer to the town than the line from which the command withdrew. This line was approached by the enemy with great caution and delay. On reaching General Thomas' command, General Hooker's corps was immediately relieved, and when opportunity offered, during the next two or three days, works were constructed as near to the enemy's lines as possible, and skirmishing constantly kept up.

At daylight the morning of the 5th it was ascertained that the enemy had abandoned his works near New Hope Church. This day (5th), in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 18 (General Sherman's), General McPherson moved his command, via Burnt Church, to Acworth, reaching that place on the morning of the 6th. One corps (the Fifteenth) was pushed forward about two miles on the Marietta road. Everything remained in position until June 10. Meanwhile General Blair had arrived with his column, hving left a brigade and battery at Allatoona Pass, with instructions to guard that pass and the bridge across the Etowah River.

June 10, the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps were pushed forward, coming upon the enemy's skirmishers about a mile south of Big Shanty. General Logan's advacnce soon forced them back to a distance of about two miles and a half from Big Shanty, when he came upon the enemy in stronger force. The next day (11th) a farther advance of nearly a mile was made, and the enemy's outposts and skirmishers driven into his main line of works. The Seventeenth Corps formed on the left and Sixteenth on the right of the Fifteenth, and a line of breast- works was constructed not far from those of the enemy.

The position now occupied by the Army of the T	ennessee was in close proximity to Kenesaw Mountain and facing toward it. Nothing occurred of any note, excepting skirmishing and some artillery fireing, until the 15th of June, when General McPherson moved the division of General Harrow to the extreme left of the army, and located it in line nearly perpendicular to the line of battle and across the enemy's right flank. I quote from General Logan's report:

The division charged gallantly against the enemy, driving him from his position in confusion, killing and wounding many and capturing about 350 prisoners, 22 of whom were commissioned officers. My loss was 45 killed and wounded.

