
receiving a severe shelling from the enemy, resulting in loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded; built rifle-pits all night. July 21, lay in works all day. July 22, was engaged in the battle, an account of which has heretofore been reported. 23d, lay in works until 27th, when marched at 2 a. m. toward the right and rear. 28th, moved at daybreak to the right on the flank of the line; finally came on the enemy's skirmishers. We then threw up some logs and rails for temporary breast-works. At length the enemy came, and firing commenced about 12 m., continuing about four hours. Our loss was 28 killed and wounded. We found 31 dead in our front, took 59 prisoners. July 29, built works all day. July 30, moved to the right the length of two regiments. 31st and August 1, remained in statu quo.

August 2, moved forward into second line, where we still remain, August 3, 1864.

The above report contains, as near as can be obtained the details of the part of the present campaign from the 6th of May to August 3, inclusive.

Recapitulation: Killed and died of wounds received, 15; missing in action, 10; wounded in action, 100; total, 125.

JOHN M. BERKEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninety-ninth Indiana.

Numbers 518.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick S. Hutchinson, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations May 6- August 3.

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFTY.

Before Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to circular from headquarters First Brigade, of date 6th August, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifteenth Michigan Infantry Volunteers, from 6th May to 3rd August inclusive: I would here state that up 5th June the regiment was under the command of Lieutenant Colonel A. E. Jaquith, who at that date was discharged for disability. I have no data upon which to base a report during that time.

Left Chattanooga morning of 6th May, under orders to report to Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, which was done at Rossville, and were assigned to Third Brigade, of which Colonel John M. Oliver was placed in command. Marched at noon: camped at night at Crawfish Springs. May 7, marched at 11 o'clock in rear of division train; did not arrive in camp until next morning; distance marched fifteen miles. May 8, marched twelve miles; very hot and dusty. May 9, marched twelve miles; went into camp at dark; remained during the 10th. 11th, moved a short distance to form line of battle with balance of brigade; heavy rain and quite cool. May 12, marched 2 miles; lay in line of battle; made rifle-pits during the night. 13th, May, moved early in morning; were in reserve of Third Brigade; marched two or three miles through woods in line of battle and column by division. At 4 o'clock were ordered to support

