
a battery in rear and to the right, which was shelling the enemy's skirmishers; remained there until next day at 11 p. m., when we were ordered to report to General Osterhaus; had 1 man wounded by stray shot. May 15, were ordered at daybreak, by General Osterhaus, to report to General Woods, commanding brigade, at the front; lay in second line during the day; heavy skirmish firing; had 1 man wounded. The enemy retreated during the night. May 16, received orders to rejoin our brigade. Moved at daylight, crossed the Coosa River. May 17, marched at daybreak; went into camp at dark. May 18, marched at 8 o'clock; halted at noon near Adairsville; went into camp on Barnsley's plantation at 9 o'clock. May 19, marched six miles; went into camp near Kingston. Lay in camp at Kingston until 23rd May; moved at 8 o'clock; marched eighteen miles; camped near the Etowah River. 24th, marched ten miles; went into camp at 2 p. m.; had heavy rain in night. 25th, marched five miles to Dallas; skirmishing in front; sent out detail as skirmishers; had 3 men wounded. May 27, advanced through the woods and formed in line on left of brigade; sent forward strong skirmish line, who soon became engaged; remained in same position all day; had 3 men wounded on skirmish line. 28th, constructed rifle-pits; our skirmishers quite briskly engaged; at 4 p. m. were driven in by the enemy, who passed by our front to the right; opened fire on their flank; for about five minutes was returned, but with no losses on our part. May 29, remained in same position as the day before. Skirmishers briskly engaged all day; had 2 men wounded. 30th and 31st, same as 28th; 1 man wounded on 30th.

June 1, ordered to move at daybreak to the rear and right; skirmishers, under charge of Lieutenant Snook, remaining, were relieved and joined the command soon after reaching line of works in our rear in good order; marched about five miles, and relieved Seventh Ohio Infantry, Twentieth Army Corp. June 2, moved 200 paces to the right, and worked on rifle-pits. June 3 and 4, lay in camp; no portion of regiment engaged; the enemy retreating during the night of the 4th. June 5, marched seven miles; went into camp at dark. June 6, marched ten miles, to Acworth; went into camp at 3 p. m. June 7, lay in camp all day; also 8th and 9th. June 10, marched at 8 o'clock three miles; worked all night at rifle-pits. 11th, worked on fortifications. 12th, 13th, and 14th, lay in camp. 15th, moved at 11 o'clock to the left; formed in line on right of Seventieth Ohio and left of Forty-eight Illinois; moved forward in line of battle in support of Second Brigade, who charged on enemy's skirmish pits; had no loss. 16th, moved to the right a short distance. 17th and 18th, lay in camp. 19th, moved to the front. From 20th to 27th remained in camp. 27th, moved to the left at 3 a. m., relieving Fortieth Illinois, of Second Brigade. Sent 100 men, under charge of Captain C. W. Barnaby and Lieutenant W. W. Hubbell, and James Brown, on picket, at base of Kenesaw Mountain.

At the advance of Second Brigade, the skirmishers were ordered forward on the double-quick to drive back the enemy's skirmishers, which was done in gallant style; had 2 men wounded. 28th, 29th, 30th, July 1 and 2, lay in camp at base of Kenesaw Mountain; had out large detail on picket each day. On night of 2nd enemy evacuated Kenesaw Mountain.

July 3, marched at 7 o'clock to Marietta, Ga., went into camp at 2 p. m. July 4, moved at 9 o'clock; marched ten miles toward river; went into camp at 4 o'clock, had 1 man wounded on skirmish duty.

