
vance of the skirmishers opened with grape and canister. I ordered the men to collect all the logs, rails, &amp;c., they could find and pile them in our front for protection. The men had been thus engaged but a few moments when the firing by our skirmish line became constant and heavy. I ordered Lieutenant Moran, with Company G, forward to strengthen the line, and ordered the men to take arms. Almost immediately upon the arrival of Lieutenant Moran upon the line the enemy made their appearance over the crest of the hill in line of battle. The skirmishers help their ground until almost surrounded, then falling back (closely followed by the enemy) regained the line in safety. I ordered the regiment to commence firing. The enemy, however, pressed steadily on until within fifty paces of our line when they fell back in confusion. They fell back to the crest of the hill, where they had constructed skirmish pits, and kept up a constant and severe fire. Seven distinct charges were made upon the line and with the same result. They were driven back in confusion and with severe loss.

Words can but feebly express the coolness and bravery exhibited by the command during the engagement. Officers and men seemed to have but one though, to die before falling back. In consequence of the long and constant firing the arms became very foul and much heated. When such was the case the men would coolly walk to the brook and clean their guns, and return. No disposition was manifested to shirk or shrink from duty or danger. Our loss on 28th was 2 officers and 31 enlisted men wounded. From July 22 to August 4 regiment has remained in camp, its duties being confined to picket and fatigue.

I feel that an attempt to particularize those who are most deserving could but do injustice where nearly all have done their whole duty. Every line officer, without exception, has performed his duties faithfully and fearlessly. The staff officers have ably assisted during the whole campaign. Lieutenant A. J. Bishop, of Company D, as acting adjutant, has been prompt and fearless in the discharge of the duties pertaining to that position. Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster John Doyle has also faithfully to his duties. Asst. Surg. William E. Fraser has shown himself to be entitled to the respect of all, has been ready at all times, and under all circumstances with his professional aid to render relief to both sick and wounded.

I would particularly recommend for favorable notice Sergt. Major Andrew La Fouge. During the actions of 22nd and 28th July he was conspicuous for his bravery, one of the rebel colors captured on 22nd being taken by him.

I would recommend Sergt. Henry L. Mickley, Company F; Sergeants Henderson and Bisbee, Company B; Sergts. Levi West and Patrick McAnnelly, Company G.

To the ever prompt and efficient aid and information in details, &c., rendered me by you, I tender my sincere thanks.

The total casualties from 6th May to 3rd August, as reported by company commanders, are as follows: Killed-enlisted men, 10.

Wounded -commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 58. Missing -enlisted men, 4. Aggregate, 74.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. HUTCHINSON,

Lieutenant -Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. L. PHILIPS,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Fourth Div., 15th Army Corps.

