
to the line, and directed a fire against the advance and flank of the enemy that had taken the works on our right. The regiment held its position without wavering, and at frequent periods gave tremendous cheers, and kept up the most terrific crash of musketry that I ever heard from any regiment, until the enemy were driven back in confusion, and the line again established. I do not pretend to say what the result would have been had the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry fallen back, but do say that both officers and men are entitled to great credit for their gallant conduct under such trying circumstances.

Captain J. F. Summers, acting field officer, was ordered, about the time the firing commenced to take charge of the skirmish line of the division, but reported to the regiment as soon as the skirmish line was brought back to the works, and was with me during the hottest of the battle, rendering me valuable assistance, and distinguished himself for gallantry in this, as well as in other engagements.

My adjutant, Lieutenant Andrew Urban, was with me during the entire engagement, giving me valuable me valuable aid, and distinguished himself for gallantry at every point in which the regiment was engaged.

Lieutenant Charles A. Grimes, regimental quartermaster, was, in compliance with orders, in charge of his train.

Surg. Robert L. von Harlingen's health prevented him from being with the regiment, but as far as his health permitted, he rendered valuable service in the hospital as an operator.

Lieutenant Townsend Heaton, Company B, in the absence of the surgeon, fulfilled the duties in a manner highly creditable to himself.

Capts. Louis Love, James Drennin, John C. Nelson, and James Brown displayed great coolness and bravery in handing their companies through the entire engagement.

First Lieutenants Walter S. Cox, William C. Marlatt, David A. Dodd, Richard McKee, Marquirs de L. Hare, John W. Krepp, and William F. McDaniel, and Second Lieutenant George W. Buesart performed their duties with coolness and bravery highly commendable.

Casualties: Commissioned officers-wounded, 2. Enlisted men- killed, 4; wounded, 9; missing, 6. Aggregate loss, 21.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BROWN,

Major, Commanding Seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infty.

Captain H. L. PHILLIPS,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 520,

Reports of Captain Louis Love, Seventieth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 6- August 3.
HDQRS. SEVENTIETH OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular, headquarters First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I submit the following detailed report of the operations of the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, since the 6th of May, 1864:

The regiment composing part of the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, left camp near Chattanooga and

