
marched to Resaca, where it took an active part in the operations of that memorable engagement.

The rebels evacuated Resaca during the night of the 16th [15th]; started in pursuit the 17th [16th], and arrived in the neighborhood of Kingston, May 19, where we rested three days. Left camp near Kingston, May 23, and arrived near Dallas May 26. Moved forward, took position on the morning of the 27th, and threw up works; skirmishing continually in our front, sometimes very heavy. The enemy attempted to turn to the right of the division on the 28th; did not appear in force on our front, although our skirmishers, were driven in.

Received orders at 3 a. m., June 1, to get ready to move; moved about daylight to near Dallas, remained two hours, then marched to New Hope Church, relieving the Twentieth Army Corps. June 2, moved to the first line of works, relieving the Forty-eighth Illinois. Relieved, June 3, by the Ninety-ninth Indiana. June 5, we relieved the Forty-eight Illinois, moving to the first line of works. About daylight our skirmishers advanced and found that the rebels had evacuated during the night. Captured 1 lieutenant and 7 men. Started the same day in pursuit, marching about eight miles. Arrived at Acworth, Ga., June 6, 1864, where we remained three days. June 10, left Acworth, moved forward about five miles. The regiment was ordered toward evening to go to right and find General Thomas' left. Had proceeded about half a mile when we were ordered back. June 15, ordered, with the brigade, to the left.

The division formed in three lines of battle. Our regimental occupied the left of the second line was uncovered by the Second Brigade, excepting skirmishers. At 3 o'clock the command forward was given; the regiment moved across the field in fine style. Coming to a wide ditch the men plunged in, waist-deep, keeping the guns and accounterments dry. Quickly reforming on the other side of the ditch we pushed through a narrow strip of woods, lately occupied by the enemy, to an open field, where we halted some ten minutes and then pushed forward in support of the skirmishers. The division being relieved by the Seventeenth Corps about dark we marched to the rear. June 16, about noon we were ordered by Colonel Oliver, commanding Third Brigade, to relieve a regiment of the Second Division on picket, covering the rear. Relieved on the 19th and marched to the second line of works, to the left of the railroad. where we remained in reserve until June 25, when we were ordered and marched at dark, and about 11 o'clock relieved a regiment of General Jeff. C. Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

Occupied these works until July 3, when we started in pursuit of the enemy, they having evacuated their strong position on Kenesaw Mountain the night previous; arrived at Marietta about 11 o'clock.

July 5, arrived near the Chattahoochee River; took position on the left of the Seventeenth Army Corps. July 7, the skirmish fire became very heavy. About 11 p. m. the regiment was ordered forward as supports and occupied a ridge in rear of the skirmishers, which we fortified. July 10, the enemy evacuated their works during the night. At 6 a. m. three companies of the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry were ordered to advance, the balance of the regiment in support. The skirmishers advanced to within 300 yards of the river; the regiment took possession of the rebel works. July 11, we deployed the regiment, in compliance with orders, so as to cover half of the First Division front. July 12, relieved about 7 a. m. by the Ninety-ninth Indiana. Marched at 5 p. m. in direction of Mari-

