
etta. July 14, crossed the Chattahoochee River and camped about two miles from and south of the river, where we remained two days.

July 17, marched at 5. 30 o'clock in direction of Atlanta. July 20, marched through Decatur and took the road to Atlanta. Moved very cautiously. When within three miles of Atlanta found the enemy in force. The regiment here occupied the second line. July 22, the enemy evacuated their works during the previous night.

About 9 a. m. the regiment was ordered forward by Colonel Oliver, commanding Third Brigade, to the rifle-pits left by the enemy, with instruction to remodel them to operate in the direction of Atlanta. Fort the operations of the regiment during the battle I refer you to Major Brown's official report inclosed.* July 26, received orders to be ready to move at midnight; marched at the appointed time. July 27, arrived about dark at the extreme right the enemy. July 28, moved into position and had a terrible battle. Refer you to inclosed official report.+ The regiment was, during the battle, on the left of the division.

August 2, moved at 12 o'clock to the second line of works. August 3, Major William B. Brown, commanding the regiment, detailed to take charge of 900 men to charge the position help by the rebel skirmishers. At 4 o'clock the command "forward" was given. His men gained the ridge but he did not; he fell, pierced by a minable in the left side. When he reached the regiment he was unconscious, and remained so until his death, which occurred about 8 p. m. In the loss of the major the regiment has lost its noble leader, and the country an officer that could illy be spared at the present moment.

Casualties from May 6 to August 3, 1864: Commissioned officers- killed, 3; wounded, 4. Enlisted men-killed, 10; died of wounds, 5; wounded, 50; missing, 10. Aggregate loss. 82.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS LOVE,

Captain, Commanding Seventieth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain H. L. PHILIPS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following, which is from the pen of Major William B. Brown, in command of the regiment at the time of the engagement, July 28, 1864:
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that in the regiment on the 28th day of July, 1864, the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry occupied the left flank of the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and connecting with the right flank and nearly at right angles to the line of battle of the First Division Fifteenth Army Corps, covering the flank of the First Division, during the maneuvers.

About the time First Division came into position my regiment received a heavy fire from the enemy and could not reply, as the skirmishers covering the Fourth Division were ordered to connect with the skirmishers of the First Division.

I was satisfied that the enemy were so close that there must be a break in the skir-

---------------

* See p. 355.

+ See following.

---------------

