
mish line and ordered an officer and thirty men to cover my front, and notified Colonel Oliver, commanding brigade, who ordered me to send, in compliance with orders from General Harrown, a company for their support, and the skirmish line connected. The break in the skirmish line was the loss of connection in the First Division. The Fourth Division moved forward to take the ridge in front, which brought my regiment about 200 yards to the right and front of the First Division, but finding that the First Division were not going to advance I threw back the left of the regiment, to connect as nearly as possible the First and Fourth Divisions.

The enemy's skirmishers were driven back in our front, but continued a brisk fire of musketry and occasionally artillery. The regiment threw up temporary works of old and poles, and were strengthening those feeble works when the enemy drove our skirmishers back and charged forward with great confidence.

The fighting then became general on our line, the enemy appearing determined to drive us from our position. This column was checked after a severe engagement, and our regiment had again commenced strengthening the works when they were attacked the second time with greater fury and numbers. The fighting now became most terrific; the enemy pushed forward under our destructive fire to within twenty-five paces of our lines and planted their colors. This column was driven back about fifty yards, with the loss of their colors, which were shot down, when they appeared to rally on a second line, and made a most stubborn resistance. The Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteers keep morning a murderous fire into the enemy, which kept them from advancing, although they attempted it several times. About this time the gallant One hundred and third Illinois Infantry came up to cover a gap that was between the First and Fourth Divisions, their right overlapping the left of the Seventieth Ohio. Shortly after the arrival of the One hundred and third Illinois, the Forty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteers came to our assistance, which resulted in soon driving the enemy from our front in great confusion. The alacrity and gallantry displayed by the officers and men of the One hundred and third Illinois and Forty-six Ohio in relieving our exhausted ranks will endear those regiments to us a long as memory exists. The fighting ceased in our front about 5 o'clock, and soon one company from the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteers (Company H, Lieutenant D, A. Dood commanding) and one company from the Forty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, were deployed as skirmishers, and advanced some 200 yards to the front, where they remained during the night.

The colors that were captured in our front were shot down by the Seventieth Ohio Veteran Volunteers and brought in by a member of the Forty-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, who, I understand, still retains them.

In the engagement of July 28 the gentlemanly and gallant Captain J. F. Summers, acting field officer, was killed while cheering and encouraging the men. First Lieutenant John W. Krepp was killed at the close of the battle, after acquitting himself in the most gallant manner. Captain John C. Nelson was wounded on the skirmish line at the commencement of the engagement; he also acquitted himself with great credit.

The officers, in the language of our lamented major, "Acquitted themselves to my entire satisfaction, without a single exception."

The following is a list present on the day of battle: Major William B. Brown, commanding; Captain J. F. Summers, acting field officer; Lieutenant Andrew Urban, adjutant; Captain Louis Love, Company E; Captain James Drennin, Company F, Captain John C. Nelson, Company

