
C; First Lieutenant Walter S. Cox, Company D; First Lieutenant M. de L. Hare, Company A; First Lieutenant R. McKee, Company D; First Lieutenant William F. McDaniel, Company G; First Lieutenant David A. Dodd, Company H; First Lieutenant John W. Krepp, Company I; First Lieutenant William C. Marlatt, Company K; Second Lieutenant George W. Buesart Company D; First Lieutenant Townsend Heaton, Company B, detailed in medical department.

I would in like to mention every man who distinguished himself on that day, but it would be too lengthy; it embraces the muster-rolls of the entire regiment.

Casualties: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 1. Enlisted men-killed, 5; wounded, 18; missing, 4. Aggregate, 30.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS LOVE,

Captain, Commanding Seventieth Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain H. L. PHILIPS,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 521.

Reports of Captain Henry H. Griffiths, First Iowa Battery, Chief of Artillery, Fourth Division, of operations May 13-15 and July 20-22.

ARTILLERY HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, May 21, 1864.

SIR: I have to report the part taken by the artillery of this division at the battle of Resaca to be as follows:

On Friday, the 13th, the division moved forward, supporting the First Division early in the day, and at the first opportunity General Harrow ordered up the artillery, and Battery F, First Illinois Artillery, was brought up, and fired the first shot at the rebel lines at Resaca. This fine battery fired effectively, and advanced as the rebels retired, doing good service throughout. Later in the day the First Iowa Battery was brought, upon the field and did some fire shooting, and on the 13th, 14th, 15th the artillery fire was maintained at fitting intervals. On the 15th Battery F was retired, and on that night it was placed in a fortified position, but the enemy being gone in the morning, the battery did not fire from that position. On the 15th the First Battery was served slowly most of the day, receiving a well-directed reply from the rebel line which was at last silenced. On the night of the 15th the enemy evacuated their position. Upon examine that part of the rebel line upon which the fire of the two batteries was directed, the remains of one rebel Parrott gun, and of one Napoleon gun carriage were found, and everything tended to show that our was very effective.

I am under many obligations to Captain Burton, commanding Battery F, and to First Lieutenant W. H. Gay, commanding First Iowa Battery, for their valuable services on this occasion. Each battery lost 1 man severely wounded, and others slightly wounded.

Sergt. Commodore P. Spicer, of the First Iowa Battery, has since died of the wounds received at Resaca. He was a gallant man, and

