
Numbers 522.

Reports of Captain Josiah H. Burton, Battery F, First Illinois Light Artillery, of operations May 12-16, July 20-22, August 18 and 23.*

RESACA, May 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery F, First Regiment Illinois Light Artillery, in the recent engagement at Resaca, Ga.:

On the 12th of May my battery was assigned a position in the line them formed about fire miles west of Resaca. The following day the line was moved forward to within about three miles of Resaca, and in the immediate vicinity of the enemy. About noon my battery was moved to the front and placed in position on the left of the Resaca road, in the margin of an open fields, for the purpose of dislodging a battery of the enemy that was shelling our lines of battle.

I opened with my two James rifle guns, and soon succeeded in driving them from their position without loss to myself; the line then moved forward, and I was assigned a position on the opposite side of the field, and in open view of a rebel battery occupying still higher ground. I opened on them with my rifled guns, and soon elicited a reply. They did me to damage, however, and at sundown I was permitted to retire my battery, and bivouac for the night. On the 14th I reoccupied the position left the night before, and opened fire with good effect. I was engaged at intervals all day, and at night was again permitted to retire and bivouac. On the 15th I was assigned a position in the front line of rifle-pits on the right of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with orders to occupy it and built necessary protection. After dark and during the night prepared as good protection as the time and circumstances would permit. The morning of the 16th, however, it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated during the night. I suffered no loss, either in men, horses, or materials.

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,

J. H. BURTON,

Captain, Commanding Bat. F, First Regiment Illinois Light Arty.

Captain H. H. GRIFFITHS,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Division.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, FIRST Regiment ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery F, First Regiment Illinois Light Artillery, in the actions of July 20, 21, and 22, 1864:

The Fourth Division, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, of which Battery F forms a part, moved on the morning of the 20th, from Decatur along the line of the Western and Atlantic Railroad within about two miles of Atlanta, when, there being evidence of the presence of the enemy in force, a line of battle was formed along the summit of a ridge directly in the rear of the position now occupied. My battery remained in column by the side of the railroad until about 4

---------------

* The report for August 18 and 23 are as chief of division artillery.

---------------

