
the right of Company F, First Illinois Artillery, and on the extreme right of the division, in front of heavy works of the enemy, and open fire. Our fire was well directed, and the effect was good. On the 14th one section of the battery was ordered to take position farther to take left, to enfilade the enemy's works. Good firing was done, eliciting a response. On the 15th the entire battery opened a heavy fire, and drew a heavy and well-directed response from the enemy. But their guns were silenced in every instance. Some of our firing was the best I ever saw, and brought forth many cheers from our skirmishers in front. On the night of the 15th the rebels evacuated. On examination of the rebel works in the direction of our fire, one gun was found dismounted and broken and one carriage destroyed.

Our guns were new 10-pounder Parrotts and worked admirably, and the effect of the firing proved them to be a very effective gun.

I am under obligations to Lieutenants A. S. Curtis and Thomas A. Ijams for their efficiency and good conduct throughout.

Corpls. Samuel Black, Clinton E. Olney, and Alonzo C. Blanchard are deserving of great credit for their coolness and the accuracy with which they fired their guns.

I cannot close without mentioning the admirable conduct of First Sergt. William R. Lebert, who had charge of one section during the engagement. I am under many obligations, to him.

Our loss was 2 wounded, Sergt. C. P. Spicer severely, in the right leg, since died. He was a veteran and a most worthy and efficient officer, and his loss is regretted by both men and officers.

Corpl. C. E. Olney was wounded slightly in the right leg.

I am happy to say that the entire command acquitted itself well, for which the men deserve the praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. GAY,

Lieutenant, Commanding First Iowa Battery.

Captain H. H. GRIFFITHS,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST IOWA BATTERY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the battery on the 20th and 21st instant:

In the afternoon of the 20th I was ordered by you to take position on the extreme left of the division and in the edge of a timber fronting an open field, with orders not fire till instructed so to do from you. I moved the battery to the place indicated, and while getting into position a rebel battery opened on our right flank with a well-directed and destructive fire, killing and wounding in the short space of fifteen minutes 7 of my men and 4 of my horses. I remained here till night, the enemy occasionally firing, but doing us no further damage. About dark I was ordered by you to change my front to the right and put my guns in the best position the ground would admit of, which I did. During the night I put up temporary works as good as the exhausted state of my men and the want of proper tools could warrant. In the morning (21st) I was ordered by you to open fire. This I did with great effect, as could

