
be plainly seen, causing the enemy great discomfort, forcing them to retire, and giving the right of the Seventeenth Corps an opportunity to advance their lines. A good portion of the line I had three of my guns of the works-firing in the open field.

My men all behaved well-extremely well, which I am proud to acknowledge.

The firing done by Captain William Watson was as good as I ever saw.

I regret to record the death of Sergt. Alonzo C. Blanchard, who was killed while getting his gun into position on the 20th. His death is regretted by all; genial, brave, and manly, he had the good will of all who knew him.

Lieutenant Thomas A. Ijams was seriously wounded in the left leg, which occasioned me the loss of a brave and efficient officer for some time to come.

The following is the list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. GAY,

Lieutenant, Commanding First Iowa Battery.

Captain H. H. GRIFFITHS,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST IOWA BATTERY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part which this battery took in the action of the 22nd instant:

Early in the morning it was discovered that the enemy were leaving their works in our immediate front, and our skirmishers pushing forward, soon had possession of the works. Not long after I was ordered by you to move the battery to the front, across the ravine, and to the left of my old position, and take position on a knoll with directions to open fire on the city as soon Battery H, First Illinois, opened, which was to be the signal. The signal not being given, I did not fire. About 1 p. m. firing was heard on our left and rear, and this not far off. It became evident to me at once that the enemy were endeavoring to turn our left. The firing soon became heavy. About this time you came up and ordered my two Napoleon guns to the left, they were not used. In the mean time I changed the front of my battery to the left, and was ready to open fire. At this juncture General Harrow came up and told me that I had better not open fire then, as there was danger of firing into our own men. I was also told that there were two or three batteries in my front. I then concluded to move the battery across the ravine in my rear and get in battery on the hill. When I reached the crossing, I found a battery there already making an effort to cross. Finding that I could not cross at once, I went into battery with three of my guns (Sergeant Lebert having joined me with the section of Napoleons) on a little in front of the caissons. About this time you came up and ordered the battery to the hill on the

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed and 1 officer and 4 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

