
H, First Missouri, and Fourteenth Ohio Battery, were posted in the center of the Second Division. Scarcely was the line formed when the enemy in three columns emerged from the timber on our left, front, and right. My whole line immediately became hotly engaged, and the fact of the enemy occupying the timber between me and the Seventeenth Army Corps was clearly demonstrated. I saw that I could not prolong my line to connect with the Seventeenth Army Corps, a long belt of timber lying between my right and its line of battle that faced west. I sent an aide to General Giles A. Smith, notifying him of the position of the position of the enemy, and requesting that he would refuse his left in order to form a connection with my right. Seeing that the enemy was pressing in column still beyond my right and far down the line of the Seventeenth Corps and in its rear, I sent another staff officer to General Smith, who found him hotly engaged and then unable to connect. The enemy pressed forward in my front, and left, exposing the flank of his center column, Detecting this, I at once pushed forward the Twelfth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio, which caught the enemy partly in flank. Our fire in his front and flank was so destructive that he soon gave way.

A charge was ordered, and his two columns in my front and left were broken and driven back to the timber. General Fuller at the same time ordered a charge on his front, which was gallantly made, and the enemy driven from it. The enemy pressing past my right in the timber had not ere this been fully developed. General Fuller's advance soon drew a heavy fire on his right flank. He promptly drew back the regiments that had charged, changed front to the rear under a galling fire, and moved on the enemy in the timber, clearing that point. The fighting on my right, or rather in rear of my right, continued heavy, and I immediately made preparations to connect as near as possible with the Seventeenth Corps, so as to bring the enemy entirely in our front. Ascertaining where the left of the Seventeenth Corps rested, it having refused its line in order to check the column passing in its rear, my right was swung around, using the left as a pivot, until my command occupied a line facing a little west of south, and short distance to the rear of my first line. Temporary intrenchments were immediately thrown up.

Major-General McPherson fell on the right of my line about one hour after the commencement of the battle, but it was known to me for some time after. As soon as I ascertained that fact I sent a staff officer to Major-General Logan to report the exposed condition of my left, and requested that troops be sent there; also reporting the gap between me and the Seventeenth Corps. A brigade, Colonel Martin's, of the Fifteenth Corps, was immediately sent to the left, arriving just as the enemy again made his appearance on my extreme left, but his demonstration was weak and soon repulsed. Soon after, I should judge about 4 p. m., Major-General Logan called in person for aid to drive the enemy back on the main Decatur and Atlanta road, where he had gained a temporary advantage. The Second Brigade, Second Division, Colonel August Mersy, commanding, was immediately sent, Major-General Logan accompanying it. The brigade immediately went into line, and participated in the charge that retook the works and batteries, and gained and re-established our lines. As the brigade operated under the immediate direction of the general commanding the department, and detached from my command, I cannot give a full account of its operations, but respect-

