
Where all did so well it is impossible to particularize. General Fuller had a critical - position, and handled his command with great skill and good judgment. The brigade colanders, Colonels Rice, Mersy, Morrill, and Sprague, were ever where duty demanded, and by their personal presence and exertion gave their officers and men that advice and encouragement that enabled them to so well and bravely hold their lines.

Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, and the Fourteenth Ohio Battery, massed in the center of the Second Division, by holding

fast and working their guns; even when the enemy were 150 feet distant, and pouring upon them a terrible fire, aided effective in driving back his advancing columns, more especially Bate's division, upon which they had a direct and point-blank range.

To Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Phillips, Ninth Illinois, who was temporarily serving on my staff, I am greatly indebted; his clear and quick conception of the situation enabled him to render me invaluable service, and I commend him to the attention of the commanding general.

I also desire to call attention to the efficient service of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general of the department. I noticed him, particularly after the fall of Major-General McPherson, giving that aid and direction the situation required.

My staff were prompt, energetic, and active in rendering me that valuable and cheerful aid that enables a commander to successfully carry through an engagement.

In our victory, all that gladness and joy that would otherwise have been experienced, was lost to us in the fall of our brave and efficient commander. This corps had served under him throughout the entire campaign, and that he was greatly beloved and respected by all was evident by the sorrow and gloom cast over us by the knowledge of his death. No one knew him but to love and respect him. His name and memory in this army is imperishable.

I take great pleasure in calling the attention of the general to the accompanying reports of division, brigade, regimental, and battery commanders, and to the special mention made therein of officers and men. I trust full justice may be done them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1864.

This report of Major-General Dodge is respectfully submitted with reports, papers, &amp;c., to accompany my report. General Dodge is in error in stating that I came to him and asked aid to retake my line. I ordered him to send a brigade to report to General Smith, command Fifteenth Corps, at a time when he was fiercely assaulted, I being in command of the army at that time.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

