
its commencement up to and including August 19, at which time I was compelled, on account of wounds that day received, to relinquish the command.

On the 29th day of April, 1864, the command, consisting of the Second and Fourth Divisions, and First Alabama Cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps (excepting the Third Brigade of the Fourth Division, which was left at Decatur, Ala.) moved east, the Second Division, Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny commanding, moving from Pulaski, Tenn., and Athens, Ala., the Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. C. Veatch commanding, from Decatur, Ala., with orders to concentrate at Huntsville, Ala.

From Huntsville, May 2, the command moved along the main road toward Stevenson, Ala., until May 4, when the command embarked on cars for Chattanooga, Tenn., the Second Division from Larkinsville, and the Fourth Division from Woodville. The transportation and artillery of the command, except one battery to each division taken on cars, was sent by land on main road to Chattanooga, via Bridgeport, under escort of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and a portion of the First Alabama Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Philips, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry.

The entire command reached and debarked at Chattanooga on the morning of May 5, and with three day's rations in haversacks immediately marched out on the Rossville road. The Second Division, in advance, bivouacked at Gordon's Mills, on Chickamauga Creek, and the Fourth Division at Rossville. The command moved May 7, Fourth Division in advance, on the Tavern road, via Rock Spring Church, and bivouacked near Gordon's Gap, on Little Chickamauga Creek. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Colonel (now Brigadier General) J. W. Sprague commanding, was pushed forwarded to seize and hold Ship's Gap, which was accomplished, with slight skirmishing at 9 p. m. May 8, the command, Second Division in advance, moved, by way of Ship's Gap and Villanow, to Snake Creek Gap, which was occupied, and the command bivouacked therein-the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, supported by the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, being pushed forward to Sugar Creek Valley, to hold the eastern outlet of the gap. During the night I received orders to move at 6 a. m. May 9, toward Resaca, advancing as far as Rome Cross-Roads, in Sugar Valley, and there await specific orders and instructions, the object of the move, as stated to me, being to demonstrate on Resaca while other troops would cut the railroad north of that place.

At daylight in the morning (May 9) the advance, consisting of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, was attacked by Ferguson's brigade, of the enemy's cavalry.

The Second Brigade of the Second Division was immediately ordered up, and moving forward, promptly drove and routed the enemy. In this engagement the gallant Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Philips, commanding Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, was severely wounded.

Upon reaching Rome Cross-Roads I received orders to advance on Resaca, pressing forward until I should succeeded in developing the enemy in line of battle or in his fortifications, and I gained the Calhoun and Dalton cross-roads, one mile west of Resaca, to hold them until one division of the Fifteenth Army Corps should arrive and relieve me. I advanced steadily, meeting with considerable resistance and skirmishing heavily the entire distance to the last-named cross-roads, when the enemy was discovered in line of battle

