
on the Bald Hill, about three-quarters of a mile west of Resaca, and in his works at Resaca. Leaving the Fourth Division at the cross-roads I immediately ordered the Second Division formed in two lines, and, advancing it rapidly, drove the enemy, took possession of the Bald Hill, and held it. My position and that of the enemy and his strength was promptly reported to Major-General McPherson, who soon thereafter arrived on the ground and directed me to send a few mounted men up the Dalton road to reconnoiter the country and find an approach to the railroad in that direction. He also directed me to hold the Bald Hill and cross-roads until the Fifteenth Army Corps arrived. I immediately sent a detachment of eighteen mounted men (all I had left), under Captain Hughes, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, up the Dalton road. This force struck the railroad about two miles south of Tilton (which they found strongly patrolled by the enemy's cavalry) and succeeded in cutting the telegraph wires and in burning a wood station, reporting to me without loss at dark. About 4 p. m. I received orders to advance my left, the Fourth Division, to the railroad north of Resaca, and hold the Bald Hill with the Second Division. General Veatch was immediately ordered to move, with Fuller's and Sprague's brigades, of his (Fourth) division, massed in close column by divisions, and, forming promptly, he moved rapidly across the west fork of Mill Creek, in plain view of Resaca. The enemy, observing the movement, opened a heavy fire from his batteries upon the column, and also, together with rapid musketry, upon the left of the Second Division, doing, however, but little execution. After having moved the column across the first open field, I received from General McPherson an order directing me to lock well to my right, as the enemy was massing and pressing forward in that direction. Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Fuller led the advance of the column, and, just as he was gaining cover of the woods on the east side of Mill Creek, I received notice that Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Sprague's brigade had been halted, by order of General McPherson, to support the left of the Second Division and hold the space between that division and the Fourth Division. I was with the advanced (Fuller's brigade). The skirmishers had just reported that they were within a short distance of the railroad when the enemy opened fire upon the brigade with a regiment of infantry and a battery in position, directly on our right. I immediately sent orders to Colonel Fuller to charge the battery and swing still farther to the north, under cover of the timber. Before this order was executed I received orders from General McPherson to withdraw the brigade and close upon Colonel Sprague, who was formed on the left of the Second Division. This had to be done in view of the enemy, whose batteries had a point-blank range across the open fields upon the column. Colonel Fuller deployed his brigade under cover of the timber, and, withdrawing by regiments across the open fields, formed in position on the west of Mill Creek. By the time the withdrawal was accomplished it was sunset, and I received orders to withdraw the command and return to Snake Creek Gap. I accordingly withdrew the command and bivouacked, about 12 o'clock at night, at the eastern outlet of the gap. The Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry skirmished from Snake Creek Gap to Resaca, some eight miles, driving the enemy before them the entire distance without detention to the column. My loss during the day was 29 killed, wounded, and missing. We took some 30 prisoners. An official

