
report, seen some days after in the rebel papers, showed that one of the enemy's regiments at Resaca lost 70 men killed and wounded.

During the entire day the command acted under the personal direction of Major-General McPherson, and promptly obeyed and executed all his orders. My transportation had not as yet reached me. I had with the entire corps, since leaving Chattanooga, only seventeen wagons, and I had marched out in the morning without rations, most of the command having been without food since the day before at noon. Thus a march of sixteen miles was made by the command the men, and animals whereof had nothing to eat for a day and a half.

The command remained at Snake Creek Gap, intrenching its position, and bringing forward transportation and supplies, until May 13, when it moved out with the army. The Fourth Division, being in advance, formed on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps (the Second Division in reserve), and advanced to Mill Creek, fronting Resaca, with the right resting on Oostenaula River. Batteries were placed in positions that commanded the town, and the division intrenched. On May 14 the Second Division, which had remained in reserve, and secure a crossing over the Oostenaula. During the afternoon a portion of the Second Brigade, Second Division (Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry and Eight-first Ohio Infantry), crossed the river, drove the enemy from his rifle-pits, and captured a number of prisoners and 1 battle-flag. Reports having reached General Sweeny that the enemy was crossing in force at Calhoun Ferry, that office withdrew the brigade (Sixty-sixth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio) to the north side of the river, and sent the Third Brigade to ascertain the truth in relation to the reported crossing of the enemy at Calhoun Ferry, and found the report false. During the afternoon the line of hills east of Mill Creek and directly in front of Resaca, were charged and carried. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Colonel (now Brigadier General) J. W. Sprague commanding, participated in the charge and received from General Woods (under whose orders he acted) great credit for the gallant and efficient manner in which it aided in carrying and holding the lines. In the charge the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps becoming much exposed, General J. C. Veatch, in order to cover and protect it, threw forward the Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of the First Brigade, Fourth Division. This regiment did its works most nobly, capturing the enemy's skirmish line, including 3 commissioned officers, and held the position taken, which during the night was intrenched.

On the morning of the 15th the First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel (now Brigadier General) E. W. Rice, commanding, was thrown across the Oostenaula at Lay's Ferry. The pontoon bridge was laid, and Second Brigade, Second Division, crossed. The troops had scarcely got into position when the First Brigade was attacked by a portion of Walker's division, Harder's corps, in largely superior force, which impetuously down upon the brigade. Colonel Rice, by an admirable maneuver, caught the enemy in flank, while the batteries, in position on the north side of the river, opened a direct and deadly fire upon the enemy's front, and he was soon routed and driven from the field, leaving his dead and a portion of his wounded in our hands. The Third Brigade soon came up, and was thrown across the river, and the entire division intrenched, thus placing it one the flank and rear of the enemy's army and almost directly upon

