
works on the Allatoona road, built to cover the withdrawal of the army. The Fourth Division brought up the rear and moved to a position near Owen's Mill, covering the roads to Van Wert. Burnt Hickory, and Kingston. After the army had passed the works occupied by Colonel Rice, the Second Division was moved to and posted on the left of the Fourth Division, filling the space between it and the Fifteenth Army Corps, and covering the Acworth road at the crossing of Little Pumpkin Vine Creek. The position taken up by the command was strongly intrenched, and batteries placed in position. On the 2nd of June the enemy attacked General Veatch's right (Fourth Division), Big Pumpkin Vine, and was speedily repulsed. On June 3 I concentrated my lines, the Fourth Division moving to the left and east of Big Pumpkin Vine Creek, with only slight skirmishing with the enemy's pickets; this position was held until June 5, when the movement toward Acworth was begun, which was completed on June 6, and the command bivouacked southwest of Acworth on the evening of that day. Quartermaster stores and a full supply of rations were brought up, and my sick and wounded as rear guard to the army, and on the following day the Fourth Division went into position near Big Shanty, its right resting on the railroad near " Moon's Siding," its left connecting with the Fifteenth Army Corps. The line was intrenched and batteries placed in position. This position was held, with constant heavy skirmishing, until June 18, when the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits in my front were charge and taken with about 50 prisoners; my loss not exceeding 100. In this charge the Thirty-fifth New Jersey Infantry displayed great gallantry; under a heavy fire it held its position for a long time after its ammunition was exhausted and until it was relieved. At daylight of June 19 the enemy evacuated his works on my front. General Veatch, by prompt movement, pressed him closely on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road, while the First Alabama Cavalry and Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry pursued on the direct Marietta road. The enemy's new line was soon developed on my front in a strong position on the crest of Kenesaw Mountain, which he had previously fortified. The Fourth Division was moved into position facing and close upon the enemy's works, connecting on the right with the Fourteenth Army Corps and on the left with the Fifteenth Army Corps, the Second Division, as before, being held in reserve near Big Shanty. On June 22 two regiment of the Second Division were placed in position with the Fourth Division, and the entire was advanced to within 2,700 feet of the enemy's batteries. Strong works were built at once and batteries placed in good positions. This position was held, with sharp skirmishing and some artillery firing, until June 26, when the Second Division relieved a portion of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

On June 27, pursuant to orders for a general movement along the line of the armies, the Ninth Illinois Infantry, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, and Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, were deployed and at 8 a. m. advanced upon the enemy's works at the top of Kenesaw Mountain. The natural defenses and obstructions encountered rendered the ascent of the mountain very slow and difficult, but the men advanced steadily under a galling fire until the main line of the enemy's works was reached, which however, was found too strong to carry, and the object of the movement, which was to keep the enemy from weakening his force in my front, to throw against

