
the main charging columns on my right, being successfully accomplished, it was deemed inexpedient to attempt further to carry the works. The Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry deserves special mention for its action this day. It secured and held a position so close to the enemy's main line of works on top of the mountain that they (the enemy) were obliged to keep closely inside of their works; its loss was heavy, and its position the most trying that soldiers could possibly be placed in. Three of its men were killed the enemy's works and several others within a few yards of the works.

This position was held, with heavy and continual skirmishing and much artillery firing, until July 2, when the command was ordered to move at 9 p. m. to the extreme right. The movement had commenced, the Second Division having moved out, when orders were received to remain in position. At daylight of the following morning (July 3) it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated, and that our skirmishers had taken possession of the mountain and works, capturing some prisoners. During the day the command moved to the right, and bivouacked on Nickajack Creek, near Ruff's Mill, the Second Division going into position and intrenching on the east side of the creek. Early in the morning of July 4 the Fourth Division moved out on the Ruff's Station road, and, encountering the enemy, pressed him steadily back for a distance of two miles, and until he was developed in strong intrenchments in heavy force.

Prisoners taken showing that Hood's entire corps was in my front, the Second Division was brought up and placed in position on the right of the Fourth Division, and the command proceeded to intrench and develop fully the enemy's position. At 4 p. m. a charging column, consisting of the Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, and Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of the Fourth Division, under command of Colonel E. F. Noyes; and the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, and Second Iowa Infantry, of the Second Division, was formed, and gallantly charged and carried the enemy's first line of works, capturing over 100 prisoners. In this charge my loss was about 140 killed and wounded. Among the latter was Colonel E. F. Noyes, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, who lost a leg. A most gallant and efficient officer, beloved and admired by all, his loss to the division was, and still is, deeply felt and deployed. This line charged was soon abandoned along its entire length by the enemy, and he immediately commenced his retreat to the Chattahoochee. During the following day (July 5) the command moved to, and bivouacked at, Widow Mitchell's, on the Sandtown road. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was pushed forward, and guarded Howell's and Baker[s Ferries on the Chattahoochee River. On the day following (July 6) the Second Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Mersy commanding, with one section of Fourteenth Ohio Battery, was sent to Sandtown Ferry. Skirmishers were thrown forward to the river, and the enemy developed in strong intrenchments on the south side. July 7, General Veatch moved his division (Fourth) to the forks of Howell's and Green's Ferry roads, and throwing his skirmishers forward to the banks of the Chattahoochee, he placed batteries in position and opened a heavy fire therefrom upon the enemy's position on the south side of the river. On July 9, in compliance with orders from Major-General Sherman, the command moved out on the Sandtown and Marietta road, via Marietta, en route to Roswell, and, having

