
marched until 10 p. m., bivouacked one mile east of Marietta. The command resumed its march at 3 a. m. The infantry and one battery were immediately pushed across (fording) the Chattahoochee River, and occupied the works held by General Newton's division, of the Fourth Army Corps, which I relieved. A strong tete-de-point was thrown up to cover the bridge and crossing. A foot bridge, 700 feet long, was thrown across the river, and from Monday noon, July 10, to Wednesday night, July 12, a good, substantial double-track trestle road bridge, 710 fee long and 14 feet high, was built by the pioneer corps of, and details from the command. The march from Sandtown to Roswell, some thirty-one miles, and the crossing of the Chattahoochee and intrenching of the command was al accomplished in less than two days, under a scorching, burning sun, and was certainly one of the most laborious undertaking of the campaign; a most severe test of the endurance, patience, and spirit of the men. General Sherman fearing that the enemy (who had evacuated a portion of his front line) might send a force and secure and hold the bluffs on the south side of the river, near Roswell, urged celerity; and the alacrity and spirit with which the command met the emergency, and the skill and cheerful industry displayed by the men in building the bridge (over the entire Army of the Tennessee crossed with all its trains), entitles them to much credit, and proves that our gallant soldiers are equal to any and every emergency. The plan, stability, and workmanship of the bridge reflect much credit upon the pioneer corps of the command. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry opened communication, on the south side of the Chattahoochee, with the Twenty-third Army Corps.

The command remained at Roswell, bringing forward provisions, &amp;c., preparatory to the next movement, until the morning of July 17, when it moved out on a road leading to Old Cross Keys, Decatur being the objective point. My orders required me to find and move upon a road between those used by the Twenty-third Army Corps and Seventeenth Army Corps. This necessitated the cutting of new roads and deviations from a direct route. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, my advance, struck the enemy at Nancy's Creek, on Old Keys road, and after a sharp skirmish drove him across the creek. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. W. Fuller commanding, was brought forward, deployed and drove the enemy beyond Cross Keys, taking and holding a position on the south side of the creek. Communication was established on the right with the Twenty-third Army Corps, and on the left with the Seventeenth Army Corps. At 6 a. m. (July 18) the command moved directly across the country, crossing the Peach Tree road, and striking the old Roswell and Decatur road at Window Rainey's, which it took, moving toward Decatur. The advance found the enemy in considerable force at Cressy's Branch, and drove him across Little Peach Tree Creek, on which stream the command bivouacked that night, opening communication on the right and left with the Twenty-third and Seventeenth Army Corps. On the morning of July 19 the command moved forward on the old Decatur road, and struck the Twenty-third Army Corps about two miles and a half distant from Little Peach Tree Creek. Here one of my scouts joined me, he having left Atlanta that morning, bringing the intelligence of the supersedure of Johnston by Hood, which information was immediately communicated to Generals Sherman and McPherson. The Twenty-third Army Corps having taken the Decatur road, I ordered

