
tor-general on staff of Major-General Sherman, was, at my request, permanently assigned to command the Second Division, and being in the advance, his division deployed soon after crossing Proctor's Creek, and moving forward drove the enemy steadily back, and went into position, by successive brigades, on the west side of Atlanta, facing due east, and forming connection on his left with the right of the Army of the Cumberland. General Fuller, commanding Fourth Division, went into position in similar manner, forming on General Corse's right. During night the line was intrenched. The forenoon of July 28 was occupied by the command in completing its intrenchments, constructing forts, and placing batteries in position. At 2 p. m. I sent the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry and Twelfth Illinois Infantry, of Second Brigade, Second Division, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Philips, to re-enforce the Fifteenth Army Corps, which being at the time heavily engaged, these regiments went immediately into action. I also soon after sent the Sixty-third Ohio Thirty-fifth New Jersey Infantry, of the Fourth Division, under command of Colonel J. J. Cladek, as additional re-enforcements, and they took immediately part in the engagement.

As these regiments reported to Major-General Logan, they fought under his direction, and I can not make a detail report of the part they took in the action; I am informed, however, that their arrival upon the ground was very opportune, and that they went gallantly and promptly into action. Their loss was about 40 killed and wounded. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry was sent to Turner's Ferry, with orders to pickett all roads leading to our right and rear. July 29, 30, 31, and August 1, were spent in daily skirmishing, occasional unimportant changes in the line, and some artillery practice.

August 2, Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom was assigned to command the Fourth Division. August 3, the skirmish line advanced somewhat, holding the ground gained. August 4, I received orders to advance the entire command, as a diversion in favor of Major-General Schofield's movement to the right, and to occupy a line of hills about 1,000 yards distant from the enemy's works. At 2 p. m. the command advanced. The Second Division captured the enemy's first line of rifle-pits, and, after severe fighting by a portion of this division, during which it was driven from, and recaptured, these pits three times, the enemy was driven back, and the line taken was intrenched that night and held by a double line of skirmishers. On account of a change of line to the rear by the command on its right, the Fourth Division was obliged to fall back from its advanced position, which it did, and threw up and occupied an intermediate line of works, connecting on the right with the Seventeenth Army Corps, and on the left with the Second Division. My loss in this advance was about 70 in killed, wounded, and missing, being, I think, small, considering the exposed position taken, the enemy having close range with artillery and musketry, especially on the position of the Second Division. During August 6, 7, and 8, the entire line advance to the last range of hills fronting Atlanta, and in plain view of the city. This line was heavily intrenched, strong forts constructed, and batteries casemated, and a steady fire kept up upon the enemy's works and the city. During this advance the enemy contested stubbornly every inch of ground, and, by his excellent artillery practice and continuous musketry fire at close range, inflicted a heavy loss to my command in killed and wounded. During August 9 and 10 a brisk fire of artillery and musketry was inter-

