
changed day in night. August 11, and skirmish line was strengthened, advanced, and carried the enemy's line, gaining some very commanding ground, and driving the enemy into his main works. The captured line was intrenched, forts constructed, and batteries placed in them, and orders issued directing that every gun in the command should open upon any battery of the enemy that should be developed with in our reach. This had an excellent effect. The enemy's artillery kept more quiet, indeed, nearly silent, while we kept up a continuous and damaging fire, day and night, upon the enemy's line and the city from our field batteries and one 4 1\2 -inch ordnance gun. August 17, orders were received directing a movement to the rear of Atlanta, and preparations, thereto were accordingly made. During the night, however, orders from department headquarters were received suspending the movement, and the command resumed its former attitude. On the morning of August 19, while engaged in superintending preparations for taking a detached work of the enemy on my right. I was severely wounded, and relinquished the command to Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, to whose report I respectfully refer for accounts of the part taken by the corps during the balance of the campaign.

During the campaign the command marched about 500 miles, was engaged in thirteen distinct engagements, and was under fire during almost the entire campaign. It captured from the enemy 727 prisoners, 11 battle-flags, about 2,500 stand of small-arms. With much other material. Its losses foot up as follows: Killed, 376; wounded, 1,799; missing, 202.

I feel that but one thing occurred to mar the entire success of the campaign-the loss of our brave, talented, young and idolized commander, our noble and gifted Mcherson. The full measure of his loss cannot be estimated, or the pain and sorrow shared by all computed. Although he met a soldier's death, it was hard, very hard, to part with him.

To, General Veatch, Fuller, Corse, and Ransom, who commanded the divisions of the corps during the campaign. I tender my warmest thanks. Always prompt, giving their personal attention to all movements, and working with that harmony which is requisite for full across, they are entitled to much of the credit due the corps for the successful part taken by it in the campaign. The brigade commanders also, without exception, performed fully and well their part of the arduous and trying duties of the campaign.

I taken great pleasure in calling the attention of the commanding general to the reports of my division, brigade, regimental, and battery commanders for full and explicit accounts of the part taken by each, and to their special mention of officers and enlisted men for murderers conduct and efficient service rendered during the campaign. I earnestly request that all such may receive proper attention.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the good conduct and services of my staff, officers during the entire campaign. Colonel George E. Spencer, First Alabama Cavalry Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Phillips, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, served on my staff during portions of the campaign, and rendered me valuable aid. Each of these officers has often before received my commendations for gallant and efficient services in other duty, and I take pleasure in again calling the attention of the commanding general to them.

