
Captain James M. McClintock was in command of the signal corps attached to my command, and rendered valuable services throughout the campaign, not only in his particular duty as signal officer, but in reconnoitering and scouting. I bear cheerful testimony of the efficiency of and aid rendered by himself and corps. The report of Captain McClintock details fully his operations, and I respectfully refer the general commanding to it.

Lieutenant Colonel D. F. Tiedemann, acting chief to of engineers; Major W. H. Ross, chief of artillery; Major Norman Gay, medical director; Captain William Kossak, chief of engineers; Captain H. L. Burnham, provost-marshal-general; Captain Thomas C. Fullerton, acting assistant inspector-general; Cap. W. H. Chamberlin, assistant commissary of musters; Captain W. W. DeHeus (on special duty, and was captured by the enemy at Tilton, Ga.) and Lieutenant N. R. Park, ordnance officer, all performed their respective duties faithfully and well. Often kept awake night after night, they cheerfully and without complaint met every demand to my own and the entire satisfaction of the chiefs of their respective departments.

Major J. W. Barnes, my assistant adjutant-general, had entire control of the adjutant's office, the arduous duties of which he performed with great credit to himself and the corps. He never rested until the labors that the day imposed upon him were fully accomplished.

Captain J. K. King, assistant quartermaster, and Captain C. C. Carpenter, commissary of subsistence, are each entitled to great credit for the faithful and efficient manner in which they discharged their laborious duties. Although often laboring under very great difficulties, in no instance did they fail to have on hand, at the proper time, full supplies for the command.

My personal staff, Captain George E. Ford, Fourth Iowa Infantry; Lieutenant George C. Tichenor, Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry; and Lieutenant Edward Jonas, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, have placed me under very many obligations for the intelligent, efficient, cheerful, and satisfactory manner in which they performed all duties assigned them.

In battle, on the march, in the trench, or in camp, they have never failed, but were always found where duty called them.

I am under many obligations for aid and kindness received from the staff officers at department headquarters, who always responded promptly to our wants, and met every request with alacrity; and especially am I indebted to Lieutenant Colonel William T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, Department and Army of the Tennessee.

My report has been delayed from the fact that I have, on account of my wounds, been absent from the command, and unable to get access to the papers and records necessary to its proper completion.

Tabular statements of losses, captures, &amp;c., and maps,* showing the routes marched and each position taken by the command during the campaign, are hereto annexed, and respectfully submitted as a part hereof.

During my absence the command has been assigned to other corps, and I would not be doing justice to my own feelings of to the command did I fail to state that I have to part with it with great reluctance. I believe I do not exaggerate when I say that throughout the entire army, among officer and men, a more intelligent, brave,

---------------

* To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

