
crossing the Utoy, and arriving at Dry Pond at 6 a. m., August 27, when, after a halt of three hours, it moved to Campbell's, a march in all of ten miles, where the Second Division, General Corse commanding, formed on the right of the Seventeenth Corps, with the Fourth Division, General Fuller, commanding, in reserve. On the morning of the 28th the corps followed the Seventeenth Corps on the Jonesborough road, encamping near Shadna Church, on the West Point railroad, making a march of seven miles, and forming in reserve in rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps. On the 29th the corps moved at 8 a. m. to Fairburn, and effectually destroyed the railway for three miles toward Palmetto, and returning destroyed it for one mile and half north of Fairburn. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, in advance, during the day picketed the main roads, and discovered and drove off several small squads of the enemy's cavalry.

At 6.30 on the morning of the 30th the Sixteenth Corps took the advance of the right column, on the right of the main Jonesborough road, General Kilpatrick's cavalry covering the front. At his request I sent him as a support the Second and Seventh Iowa Infantry, which remained with him nearly all day, skirmishing with the enemy, and losing in killed and wounded 9 men, among the latter Major Hamill, commanding Second Iowa Infantry. Owing to the opposition of the enemy and our being obliged to cut an entirely new road through heavy timber, and to built several bridges, our progress was slow, and at 10 p. m. the command bivouacked on the west side of Flint Creek, one mile and a half from Jonesborough, and one the right and rear of the Fifteenth Corps. On the morning of the 31st the Second Division crossed the creek and took a position on the right of the Fourth Corps. The Fourth Division went into position west of the creek, refusing on the right flank of the army. At 3 p. m. heavy commenced on General Logan's front, extending rapidly to his right, and soon after General Corse's division became engaged with the enemy. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, was ordered across the creek, as a reserve to General Corse, with one regiment, the Tenth Illinois Infantry, in line on the right of the Second Division. The enemy charged General Corse's line, but were handsomely repulsed, and fell back in confusion when the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry was ordered by General Corse to charge across the field in their front, and did so in fine style, capturing 24 prisoners.

Our loss was very light, consisting of 1 officer and 1 man killed, and 16 men wounded. That of the enemy was comparatively severe.

Fifty-seven of their dead were buried in our front, showing, with the 92 prisoners captured by us during the day, a probable loss on their part of 300 men. Welker's battery, Lieutenant Blodgett commanding, though in the open field without works, poured canister into the advancing lines of the enemy during his assault, breaking his lines, and forcing him back in disorder. All of Rice's brigade and the Tenth Illinois Infantry were without works, but during the intervals between the assaults constructed a strong barricade of rails.

September 1, the picket-lines of Second Division were, with little resistance, advanced 300 yards. The enemy showed himself during the day. In the night the pickets of Second Division were again advanced with those of General Logan, and at daylight on the morning of 2nd they occupied the enemy's works, which, with the town, was found to have been evacuated by the enemy during the night. A railroad train loaded with wounded was leaving town as the pickets entered, but the letter were not in sufficient force to cap-

