
Brigadier General E. W. Rice, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, and Colonel Adams, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, are deserving of mention for the ability manifested by them in the engagement of the 31st.

The manner in which Brigadier General J. W. Sprague, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, has discharged the duties of his position during the past month, is worthy of the honorable reputation which he had previously earned.

The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Major Hughes commanding, has rendered most efficient service during the entire movement to Lovejoy's and return, and to its commander I feel greatly indebted for the energy and willingness with which frequently, under trying circumstances, he has executed all my orders.

I thank the members of my staff for the manner in which they have each in his own department discharged their duties.

For an account of the operations of this command while under Major-General Dodge, I respectfully refer you to the report which it is expected he will forward upon returning from the North.

A table of casualties is hereto appended, together with a statement of prisoners captured.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 14, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of prisoners of war captured by this command and deserters coming within the line during the campaign from May 1 to September 14, 1864; Total number captured, 727; number forwarded for exchange, 672; died in hospital of wounds, 27; transferred to hospital at Marietta, Ga., 26; left in hospital at Jonesborough, Ga., wounded, 2. Total number of deserters disposed of, 72.

Very respectfully,

H. L. BURNHAM,

Captain and Provost - Marshal.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 526.

Report of Captain James M. McClingtock, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

Captain: I have the honor to make the following report of duties performed and services rendered by me on the 22d, and during the engagements of that day:

About 3 a. m. Lieutenant Shellabarger, with his party, was sent over to the station of observation established by me the evening

---------------

* Table of casualties omitted, it being a duplicate of Dodge's statement on p. 389.

---------------

