
before, with orders to keep a vigilant watch upon the enemy's movements, also, to complete the work on the station left unfinished. At 6 a. m., finding the enemy had fallen back during the night, I moved forward, with Lieutenant Shallabarger, to their old works, which were occupied by our troops. Selected a suitable point, near the left of the Twenty-third Corps, we again established a station; but, hearing that our corps (the Sixteenth) was to go to the left, we abandoned it and returned to the head of the column, which was just marching out. Proceeding about one mile and a half, it halted, while the general commanding reconnoitered the position his troops were to occupy. From this point Lieutenant Sherfy and Shellabarger went to our front and right, along the line of the Seventeenth Army Corps, with instructions to ascertain the movements of the enemy and find, if possible, his signal station. In the mean time I accompanied the general and staff to our front and left of Seventeenth Corps. While here our skirmishers met those of the enemy, and our troops had hardly time to form in line when the rebels were upon us in force; but, after a hard fight, they were repulsed with heavy loss.

Among our killed was Major-General McPherson. When the army had fallen back, I learned that Lieutenant Sherfy was in company with [the] general when he fell, and narrowly escaped a similar fate, being knocked from his horse and badly bruised. Lost his horse, equipments, &amp;c.

During the engagement, as no signaling could be done, I accompanied the general commanding, taking some observations, carrying message, &c. Returned to camp at dark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. McCLINTOCK,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain O. H. HOWARD,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 527.

Report of Lieutenant William H. Sherfy, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of operations July 22.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from your office of the present date, I submit the following report of duties performed on the 22nd instant:

At 6 a. m. I left camp, accompanied by one enlisted man with signal equipments, and learning the enemy had fallen back, went immediately to the front, where the I joined Captain McClintock, and in company with him reconnoitered in front of the Twenty-third and Fifteenth Army Corps. Learning that the Sixteenth Corps was ordered to the left we started with it, and afterward, under orders from yourself, I went to the front of the Seventeenth Corps, accompanied by Lieutenant Shellabarger and party, to look for the enemy's signals in Atlanta. While near the skirmish line we heard firing on the left of our line and proceeded there immediately, where we found the Sixteenth Corps hotly engaged with the enemy. Seeing the train was in danger I assisted in getting it safely away, and then proceeding nearer the front, I discovered the enemy advancing

