
I accompanied Captain McClintock to the enemy's works, that morning abandoned by them. We selected a station of observation near our front, but finding the Sixteenth Corps under orders to move.

I proceeded to camp, and thence with the marching columns toward its newly assigned position on the left of the Seventeenth Corps. Leaving the column, I accompanied Lieutenant Sherfy along the front of the Seventeenth Corps, endeavoring to discover the enemy's signal station. While thus engaged, the skirmishing on the left flank began, when we at once started for the place at which the enemy appeared to be advancing. I passed through the woods to the left and rear to the Seventeenth Corps, and when I came into the open field the battle was in progress. From a hill I watched the progress of the fight, ready to render any possible service. After the repulse of the enemy at that point, I proceeded along the line then being occupied by the Twenty-third Corps, for the purpose of reconnoitering; afterward I returned to headquarters Sixteenth Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. SHELLABARGER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain O. H. HOWARD,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 529.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Corse, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 75, headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division (accompanied by those of subordinate commanders) during the campaign commencing on the 3rd day of May, 1864, and only regret that I shall be unable to speak of the distinguished services rendered by individual officers, and men, from my personal knowledge, to the 26th day of June, 1864, that I assumed command thereof.

On the morning of May 3, 1864 (having arrived at Hurricane Creek the night previous, in route from Pulaski, Tenn.), the command was hastened forward to Larkinsville, Ala., where it arrived on the morning of May 4, and was immediately placed on board cars and transported by rail to Chattanooga, Tenn., where it arrived on evening of same day, and bivouacked one mile and a half west of the town, at the base of Lookout Mountain. Most of the transportation, led horses, and two batteries belonging to the division, was left a Larkinsville to be marched through, guarded by the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, under the direct charge of Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Philips, of this regiment. At 8 a. m. on the 5th day of May this division-composed as follows: First Brigade, of Infantry, 91 commissioned officers and 2,076 enlisted men, Colonel E. W. Rice, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, commanding; Second Brigade Infantry. 108 commissioned officers and 2,294 enlisted men, Co. P. E.

