
Burke, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, commanding; Third Brigade Infantry, 102 commissioned officers and 1,686 enlisted men, Colonel M. M. Bane, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, commanding, making total, commissioned, 301; total enlisted, 6.058.

Aggregate infantry, 6,357. Also three batteries of artillery, 6 commissioned officers, and 327 enlisted men, consisting of fourteen guns; viz: Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, six 12-pounder light guns: Battery B, First Michigan Light Artillery, four 10-pounder Parrott guns; and Battery I, First Missouri Light Artillery, four 12-pounder light guns, commanded by Captain Frederick Welker, Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery; making a grand total of commissioned officers and enlisted men, infantry and artillery, present for duty, of 6,690 -moved from Chattanooga, on the Rossville road, through Rossville, to Gordon's Mills, on the Chickamauga Creek, a distance of fourteen miles, at which place the command encamped until the morning of May 7, laying in supplies, obtaining the necessary transportation, and making thorough preparations for the campaign. On the morning of May 7 the command moved out from Gordon's Mills, following the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, passing through Ship's Gap, Villanow Village, down Horn Mountain, into and nearly to the south mouth of Snake Creek Gap, where it arrived and bivouacked on the evening of May 8. Information being received at Villanow that the enemy was expected in Snake Creek Gap, the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, which had joined the column at this point (having brought the trains safely through to the Chickamauga Creek) was thrown in advance of the infantry, and moved thus through to the south entrance of the gap, exchanging only isolated shots with the enemy. During the night of this day the batteries and trains, which had arrived at Gordon's Mills the night before, came up, and were parked at the north entrance of the gap, and one regiment from each brigade sent back as guard to the same.

At an early hour on the morning of May 9 the division pursued its course toward the south entrance of the gap, pushing the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry cautiously before, until it struck a skirmish line of the enemy's cavalry, which was driven entirely from the gap and forced back by this regiment, until, striking a superior force of the enemy, it was in turn compelled to give way (in some little confusion) and fall back upon the infantry, already deployed for its support. It was during the momentary panic of this regiment that Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Phillips, its commander, received a painful would in the leg, while gallantly striving to rally and hold his men. Prior to the onslaught of the enemy upon the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and as soon as the exchange of shots became sufficiently rapid to indicate any considerable force of the enemy, the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers (riflemen) was deployed as skirmishers, covering the front of the division, formed as follows: Second Brigade on the left and Third Brigade on the right, with the First Brigade and two batteries following on the road, ready for any contingency. In this formation the enemy's cavalry was received, checked, and repulsed, as it dashed forward, driving the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry before it, and almost at the same moment the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, without knapsacks, rushed forward as skirmishers, driving the enemy like sheep before them, in the direction of Resaca. No further stand being made by the enemy, the command moved forward, with the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infan-

