
try deployed in front and on the flanks, until within two miles of Resaca, when the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers was again deployed as skirmishers and the march continued. On arriving in the vicinity of Camp Creek a brigade of the enemy, 1,400 strong, was encountered, whereupon the Eighty -first Ohio Infantry, of the Second Brigade, was thrown forward as a support to the Sixty-sixth Illinois, and the Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, of Third Brigade, were placed in line, the former on the right and the latter on the left of the road, as a reserve, with the First Brigade and batteries in an open field to the right and rear. Thus formed, the command was given to the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers to advance upon the enemy, which it did with such impetuosity as to break their lines and drive the rebel brigade thus opposed to them across the creek, thoroughly routed and in confusion, taking 19 prisoners, and following the enemy over a hill, compelling them to seek refuge in their fortifications, and holding a position in musket-range of the same. The Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers were now brought forward, and deployed seven companies as skirmishers on the right of the Sixty-sixth Illinois, holding three companies in reserve. The position thus secured, the remainder of the division was brought up and thrown into line from right to left, as follows; Sixty-sixth Indiana, Fiftieth Illinois, Fifty-seven Illinois, the Fifty-second Illinois and Second Iowa being held in reserve; thus at 2 p. m. the division occupied the first range of hills within one mile of Resaca, awaiting patiently for orders to assault the enemy's works, but at 5 a. m., instead thereof, orders were received for a retrograde movement, which immediately began, and the division withdrew from its position, moving back on the same road pursued by it in the morning to Snake Creek Gap, where it arrived at 12 midnight, the men wearied and exhausted, having been on the march or confronting the enemy since daylight, and bivouacked on the banks of Snake Creek, making a distance of fourteen miles. The casualties in the command in the skirmishing at the gap and before Resaca were: Killed, 2; wounded, 19; total, 21; being mostly in the Ninth and Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

During May 10 the command remained at rest, drawing rations and preparing for new operations until 9 p. m., when, pursuant to instructions from the commanding general, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, and during a most terrific thunder-storm, moved to a position in front of Snake Creek Gap, taking possession of slight earth-works, and forming a line facing to the south, with the right, composed of the First Brigade, Battery I, First Missouri Light Artillery, and Battery B, First Michigan Light Artillery, holding a wooded hill to the right of the Calhoun Ferry road; the left, composed of the Second Brigade and Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, occupying the above-named road and a portion of an extended plain to the left of said road and Snake Creek, the Third Brigade, being held in reserve on the Calhoun road. During the entire night, with the rain pouring in torrents, the men were engaged in constructing fortifications, in anticipation of an attack from the enemy. This severe labor was performed by the men cheerfully, and without a murmur, preparing abatis, and otherwise strengthening their works, but were not permitted to give the enemy battle with advantage which would have certainly been derived from their protection. No attack being made upon our force at this point, the command was withdrawn a short distance to the rear of their intrenchments, which

