
sequnce of this report the crossing was deployed in hopes of ascertaining further and more definite information in regard to the building of the bridge above, but as nothing more was received in regard `thereto at this time, and night was fast approaching, the order for crossing the boats was given, and at precisely 5 p. m. pushed out of Snake Creek into the Oostenaula River; crossing the same, landed on the south bank, and with a cheer drove the enemy's skirmishers from their pits, taking a number of prisoners, and occupying a position as skirmishers, with the left resting on the river. Several of the oarsmen were wounded during the crossing, which was made under the enemy's fire, but the soldiers immediately resumed the oars, determined to accomplish the task allotted them. No sooner had this handful of men obtained a footing on the opposite side of the river than arrangements were immediately made to to throw the remainder of the Second Brigade across, but before they could be completed, two reports were receive from couriers, confirming the report previously received, of bridges being constructed on the river above by the enemy. Upon the receipt of this latter information the Third Brigade, infantry, and Battery B, First Michigan Light Artillery, were immediate dispatched to Calhoun Ferry, with orders to take that position, throw forwards a strong line of skirmishers, ascertain whether or not the enemy had constructed bridges, and to prevent his crossing in case he should have done so, or until re-enforcements could be forwarded. It now being dark, and the reports of bridges being constructed by the enemy twice confirmed, the troops which had crossed the river were withdrawn, and the pontoon train moved back on the road; the Second Brigade was moved back to the forks of the Calhoun and Lay's Ferry, road, and the First Brigade to Licking Creek, on the road to Resaca, midway between Lay's and Calhoun Ferries, one battery with each brigade. Thus disposed the command bivouacked for the night, after first thoroughly picketing both ferries, the roads being watched by cavalry, under Colonel Murray. At 9 p. m. Captain L. H. Everts, assistant adjutant-general, was instructed to go to Calhoun Ferry, and, if possible, ascertain from personal investigation if the enemy had placed pontoons across the river at any point in the vicinity of the ferry. In compliance with instructions he proceeded in company with Captain Charles Battary, actin assistant inspector-general Third Brigade, to a point two miles above Calhoun Ferry, and on foot followed the river down a distance of three miles, discovering no bridge whatever, but ascertaining that what had been supposed as such was only fortifications thrown up during the day by the enemy.

At an early hour on the morning of the 15th of May the First Brigade was ordered to move down to the river, and be ready to cross as soon as pontoons were launched, but before this could be done the brigade had taken possession of an old scow, or flat-boat, and already began the crossing of the river, driving the enemy from their rifle-pits. As soon as this brigade had made a lodgment on the opposite side of the river, the Second Brigade was brought forward, and at 10 a. m., the pontoons being placed, began crossing thereon. As soon as these brigades had crossed the river they immediately commenced throwing up earth-works, the right resting upon the river below the Calhoun road and occupied by the First Brigade, and the left resting on the river above said road, occupied by the Second Brigade. In the mean time Batteries H and I, First Missouri Light Artillery, were ordered up and placed in posi-

