
pliance with instructions, and at about 10 p. m., the enemy with either a single line of battle or re-enforced skirmish line rushed forward to within twenty yards of our line, driving in our skirmishers and pouring into our works rapid volleys of musketry for about five minutes, when they broke, taking advantage of the darkness to make good their retreat, or throw themselves upon the ground to await an opportunity to repeat the assault and watch our movements, in order to prevent the withdrawal. Five separate demonstrations were made upon the works of this command during the night, the last of which assumed more the character of a determined assault, and was made a little before 3 a. m., but found it impossible to penetrate or surmount the wall of fire presented by the brave and unflinching men of the Second Brigade. It is impossible to state the damage inflicted upon the enemy in their several night attacks, as, during the intense darkness, they were enabled to remove all dead and wounded.

During the 30th of May, with the exception, of the continued skirmishing, everything remained quiet along the lines, and until the morning of the 31st, when the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Eighty-first Ohio, was ordered to advance upon the enemy, driving him into his works, which was executed with a degree of promptness worthy the veteran soldiers of any country or age, the enemy being compelled to abandon his rifle-pits, and only succeeded in making a stand at his main works, which were ascertained to be too strong to hazard an assault without the co-operation of other divisions on the right and left, and, therefore, these regiments were compelled to fall slowly back to their intrenchments. No further demonstration was made on either side during the remainder of this day or night thereof.

At or near 9 o'clock, June 1, 1864, in compliance with instructions, the troops were withdrawn from their works in front of Dallas, which had been so long and well defended, First Brigade of this division moving in advance of the Army of the Tennessee (the Second Brigade having been sent to the left to relieve a brigade of the Fourteenth Army Corps), passed through the village of Dallas, thence on cur road to the Burnt Hickory road, which it followed until it arrived at a new line of works, situated on this road, which it occupied, fronting south, and holding the same until the Army of the Tennessee had passed through, and well to the rear of the same, when, pursuant to orders received from Brigadier-General Dodge, it moved back to a position two miles farther in rear, taking possession of high wooded ground, with large open fields in front, and immediately commenced constructing works and abatis, continuing this labor during most of the night. The Second Brigade, having rejoined the command at this place, was thrown to the left and at right angles with the First Brigade, the battery in position between the two. The casualties before Dallas and up to the evening of June 1, in this command, was as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 9. Enlisted men-killed, 11; wounded, 98; total, 120. The command occupied this position until June 5, with but slight skirmishing with the enemy. At 2 p. m. on the 5th of this month the division left its fortifications and proceeded to Burnt Hickory Church, and from thence to Allatoona Creek, at which place the First Brigade and Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, of this command, encamped, with instructions to hold the position, picketing strongly the roads and bridge, while the Second Brigade moved

