
forward to the village of Acworth, on the railroad, and two miles distant from Allatoona Creek, where it arrived at 4 p. m., and was placed in camp south of the town. The two brigades and battery composing this command occupied the positions above designated, making preparations for future operations, until the morning of June 10, when the First Brigade and battery having arrived at Acworth, the division moved out at 11 a. m. upon the Acworth road, in the direction of Big Shanty, at which place it arrived at 1 p. m. of this day, encamping near and northwest of the town. The command remained in camp at this place until the 15th of June. Officers and men suffered considerable from exposure to the weather, it having rained almost incessantly for four days successively. Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery, was temporarily assigned to the division on this day, commanded by Lieutenant Shier, and consisting of four 10-pounder guns.

At 6 a. m. June 15 the division was moved a short distance to the front, taking position in rear of the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, where it remained until 1 p. m., when it was moved back to a position formerly occupied by the Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, being held in reserve until 11 a. m. on the 17th instant, except Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, which was placed in position in the first and second line of works, and Battery C, First Michigan Artillery, which was moved into position on the front line, on the right of the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. At 11 p. m. on the 17th June the Fifty-second Illinois Volunteers, of First Brigade, and the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, of Second Brigade, were sent to report to General Weatch, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. At 11 p. m. on the 17th June the fifty-second Illinois Volunteers, of First Brigade, and the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, of Second Brigade, we resent to report to General Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, the former being assigned temporarily to General Fuller's brigade, of that division, and the later to the Second Brigade of the same.

With the exception of the changes above named, this command remained in reserve until June 20, when the Second Iowa Infantry, of the First Brigade, was detailed for guard duty at the station, and on the 21st the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, was ordered forward on picket duty on the left and rear of the Army of the Tennessee. On the 22nd of June Colonel Mersy, commanding Second Brigade, was ordered to take the Twelfth Illinois, of his brigade, and relieving the Fifty-second Illinois Volunteers, assume command of the Twelfth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio, subject to the orders of Brigadier-General Veatch. Up to the 26th of June the division remained in the position occupied on the 15th, with the exception of the changes enumerated, and some other unimportant movements of a few regiments. At 2 p. m. June 26 the command, with the exception of the Second Iowa Volunteers, moved from its position in reserve to the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, relieving the division of General Osterhaus, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and forming its lines as follows: First Brigade on the right, with the Seventh Iowa Volunteers, its right regiment, resting on the railroad, and the Second Brigade on the left, with its left regiment, Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, resting on the main Marietta road, artillery in position on the flanks of each brigade. Skirmishers were immediately thrown forward, and engaged those of the enemy during the night. At 3 a. m. June 27 the Sixty-sixth Illinois Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to advance up the mountain as far as possible, which order was carried out promptly and with energy, this regiment moving briskly forward until com-

