
Sixteen Army Corps, and arrived at Roswell at 12 m. From thence proceeded to the Chattahoochee River, crossing the same, and relieving General Newton's division, of the Fourth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland. As soon as the crossing had been made, the troops were at once set to work constructing fortifications, which the division occupied until the 17th of July, when it was again put in motion, and bivouacked at Mason's Creek, abut five miles distant. On the morning of the 18th of July the division moved forward at an early hour, the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry being in advance. The march was continued without any important incident, crossing Peach Tree Creek, and from thence to Decatur, where it arrived at 4 p. m. on the 19th, and bivouacked to the southwest of town, in line of battle. On the 20th of July the division moved but a short distance, taking a position on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps, the First Brigade in line, the Second Brigade in reserve. Skirmishers were here thrown forward, and works constructed. The command remained in positions as above described, until about 2 p. m. the 21st of July, when it moved to the front and right in the direction of Atlanta, Ga., making connection with General Schofield on the left, the First Brigade in line, the Second Brigade in reserve, remaining in this position during the night.

On the 22nd of July the division took an important part in one of the severest battles of this memorable campaign, a special report of which has been made by the brigade and battery commanders and transmitted to your headquarters, in consideration of which I shall only attempt to give a brief statement of position and operations of this day. At 10 a. m., it having been ascertained that the enemy had left our front, the division was put in motion, with orders from Major-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, to proceed to a position on the extreme left of the Army of the Tennessee. It was during the movement a temporary halt at a cross-roads, in waiting for an officer of General Dodge's staff to ascertain which was the road the command was to pursue, that the enemy's pickets were discovered, being in rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps, which was in line of battle fronting nearly due west. The Second Brigade, being in advance, was immediately thrown into position on the left of the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, with the Fourteenth Ohio Battery on its left, and facing to the south, while the First Brigade, now coming up, was placed in line almost at right angles with the Second Brigade, its right resting on the Fourteenth Welker, chief of artillery, a little in front, and near the left center of Colonel Rice's command, the entire division being without fortifications or cover. Hardly had these arrangements been completed when the enemy, driving in our skirmishers, advanced through an open field upon our lines, flaunting their flags, and evincing a determination to crush the small force opposed to them. Their advance was met first by Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery and the Fourteenth Ohio Battery, plowing through their ranks with grape and canister, and strewing the field with their dead and wounded, but still pressing forward until meeting with a withering fire from the infantry, when they wavered, broke, and fled in confusion to the woods. At the time the enemy's line first wa-

