
vered, the Twelfth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, charged forward in the most gallant manner, adding greatly to the final repulse and rout of the foe, and taking 2 stand of colors and 466 prisoners. Each successive assault of the enemy was met and repulsed in the same gallant manner by the troops of this command, until, disheartened, the enemy was compelled to withdraw from a field made untenable by the determination, coolness, and valor displayed by the troops of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. At the time the enemy's assault had ceased in front of this command, and in compliance with orders from Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, the Second Brigade was sent to the support of the Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, and, deployed near the railroad, retaking the works from which this division had been driven and four 20-pounder Parrott guns of De Gress' battery, and captured about 190 prisoners. The works thus retaken by a handful of men, led by the brave Mersy, were occupied by the same until evening of the same day, when the brigade was relieved and placed in reserve to the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, At 12 midnight two regiments of this brigade were ordered to report to General Leggett, commanding Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, remaining on duty with this command until the 26th of July, when they rejoined their brigade.

The casualties in this command during the battle of the 22nd of July, which continued from 12 m. until 5 p. m., resulted as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 6. Enlisted men-killed, 31; wounded, 165; missing, 4. Making an aggregate of 208. Number of prisoners captured from the enemy, 660.

During the 23d, 24th, and 25th of July that portion of the command not detached (First Brigade and one regiment of Second Brigade) was engaged in burying rebel dead, removing their wounded and our own, and constructing fortifications. For number of dead buried, capture of arms and colors, see recapitulation.

July 26, I am indebted to Captain L. H. Everts, assistant adjutant-general, for the foregoing report of the operations of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, to this date, at which time I assumed command. I found the division, with its corps and department, under marching orders, organized and occupying a position as follows: The First Brigade, Colonel (now General) E. W. Rice commanding, numbering 1,804 effectives, occupying a line on the extreme left of the army about half way between Decatur and Atlanta, south of the Augusta railroad, and distant from it about 1,000 yards. The Second Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Phillips (now commanded by Colonel R. N. Adams, Eighty-first Ohio) commanding, numbering 1,569 effectives, distributed as follows: the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry and Twelfth Illinois Infantry in the line of Leggett's division, of the Seventeenth Corps; the Sixty-sixth Illinois on the railroad to Augusta, having been engaged in destroying that road, and the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry beyond Decatur, picketing and scouting under the orders of the corps commander; Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery, Lieutenant Blodgett commanding, numbering 146 effectives, lay in battery on Rice's line. In addition to the effectives in line there was a pioneer corps, composed of 123 whites and 190 blacks-making a grand total, in the division, of 3,754 effectives. At

