
2 p. m. the division moved north, crossing the railroad and uniting Rice's and Phillips' brigade, following the road made during the day, till it ran into the Decatur and Buck Head road, when a detour to the left was made, and the head of the column moved along a road south of Peach Tree Creek in a westerly direction, till it struck the Peach Tree Creek and Atlanta road near Sherman's headquarters. Here it halted, and the command went into bivouac until daylight. July 27, the line of march continued westerly, and close to Peach Tree Creek, till we crossed the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad, when the column again approached Atlanta, bearing east of it till it arrived near the intersection of the Atlanta and Turner's Ferry road with Proctor's Creek at a point known as the Jeff. C. Davis hill (his troops being in occupation on the extreme right of the army). Here it halted for further orders. The Second Division, being in advance of the Army of the Tennessee, necessarily went first into the new position. Major-General Howard, who had assumed command of the Department of the Tennessee that morning, wishing to expedite the movements, ordered me to cross Proctor's Creek, and advance with my left on the creek, to a high ridge, distant about 1,500 yards south of the Jeff. C. Davis hill. At 3 p. m. the division passed over, and was formed in echelon by brigades from the left, Rice's brigade on the left, Phillips' on the right, both covered by a cloud of skirmishers. The command moved forward through the thick undergrowth in fair order, over the consecutive ridges, without meeting any opposition that the skirmishers could not overcome. The ridge designated was soon intrenched, a substantial six-gun battery built on a prominent knoll, the whole line having a fine command over an open field, beyond which Atlanta was visible, distant about 2,000 yards. Late in the evening the other division of this corps came up, and extended over our right, and still later the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps bivouacked in our rear. Our line now rested its left on Proctor's Creek and ran southerly, facing almost due east. The stream here divided the Army of the Cumberland from that of the Tennessee; Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps, being the right of the former, this division of the Sixteenth Army Corps being the left of the latter. July 28, the Seventeenth Corps got into position early on our right, and the Fifteenth, while forming on their right, were struck by Hood's column with so much fury as to threaten disaster. This division was held in readiness to re-enforce any point, but being called on for but two regiments, I directed Colonel J. J. Phillips to comply with the orders promptly as possible. He moved about 3 p. m. at double-quick, with the Eighty-first Ohio and Sixty-sixth Illinois, arriving just in time to relieve two regiments of Morgan L. Smith's division that had exhausted their ammunition. Their loss was slight, but their services at the critical moment invaluable and warmly appreciated by Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps. During this engagement, although in reserve, the command was subjected to a severe and continuous shelling from the rebel artillery. July 28 and 29, the command, engaged in strengthening their works, suffered some from the proximity of rebel sharpshooters; we could not drive them out of their pits, in consequence of lack of co-operation of the command on our left. July 30 and 31, the enemy, besides a 20-pounder Parrott battery, used a 6 1/2-inch siege piece on our men, producing no other casualties than the loss of a few horses, and com-

