
skirmish line, the generl pushed up his main line upon it, ordering his skirmishers forward to take possission of a second ridge, for the most part in the open fields. At this time the enemy opened with a battery of artillery, firing shells and sometimes canister across our lines. Considerable skeimishing occurred from the center to the right of the Fifteenth Corps.

I detemined not to push farher, and reported to General Sherman that I anticipated an attack. General Logan's front was nearly co ered with piles of rails and logs. Near 11.30 a. lm. General Morgan L. Smith, whose divsion was on the right flank, endeavored to take possession of a hill in his front for the puirpose of occupying it with his skirmishers. He met with great rtesistance, and as the enemy's artillery fire was trouglesome a section of his artillery came up and engage that of the enemey, when suddenly a furious attack burst upon us long the divisins of Generals Woods, Harrow, and M. L. Smith, of ht eFifteenth Corps, extending a little beyond our right, whereupon Major- General Blair was directed to send all the troops he could spare to re- enforce and extend the first shock had passed, the enemy baing driven back at every point except, perhaps, on the extreme right, whiere there was scarcely more than a skirmish line to resist him. As soon as possible, in less than tweny minutes, Captain Gilbreth, of my staff, led up two regiments to prolong the right. These with the other two above mentioned, Lieutenant- Colonel Strong, department inspector- general, moved promtlly into position to prevent the enemy from enveloping General Logan's right flank.. The position occupied was a very strong one naturally to resist a front attack, but I supposed the enemy had now discovered the right, and would push in a body to that point before making his second assault. Therefore, in order to secure my right more substantially, twenty- six pieces of artillery were placed in position in such a way as to sweep the approaches in that direction.

The enemy reformed and renewed the attak again and again, but with the same result. Our men fired low, and ceased firing as soon as the enemy was repolsed. General Logan reports that during the engagement Colonel (now Brigadier- Geenal) Belknap, brought him re- enforcements of two regiment s from General Blair, and Lieutenant- Colonel Phillips four regiments from General Dodge. Ge says:

These troops were received at a time when I much needed them, and under the skillful managment of the officers who commandded them acted gallantly until the battle was ended.

The enemy's assaults exhibited so much pertincity that I feared he might finlly, by continually throwing in fresh troops, wear our men out and burst through the line at some point. I threfore sent to General Shrman for re- enforcements, at least a brigade. T	he general felt so sure that General Morgan's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, that had gone toward Turner's Ferry, would soon appear on my right flam, that he was contented to send me word to that effect. But as Morgan did not arrive, however, until the battle was over. This was my first battle after taking command of the Army of the Tennessee, and I was delighted with the conduct of officers and men. major- General Logan was spirited and energetic, going at once to the point where he apprehended the slightest danger

