
forward. At the signal to advance they assaulted the hill in their front, capturing the rebel line and a few prisoners in the pits. In their turn the enemy assaulted our line, but were repulsed with considerable loss. This command was afterward withdrawn and sent to another portion of the line of the Fifteenth Corps, and before they returned, on the subsequent day, the Sixty-sixth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio had been three times in line and once in reserve, and moved from right to left, and left to right twice. The Twelfth Illinois reported to Rice's brigade, which was engaged in destroying the Macon railroad, during the night. On the 3rd of September the division was united and detached from the corps and placed on the extreme right and front of the army, almost facing Lovejoy's Station from the west. It laid here September 4 and 5, and on the evening of the 5th [marched] in the midst of a terrific thunder-storm, that flooded the streams to such an extent as to require men to go waits deep to ford them, and converted the roads into sink-holes and slush. The livelong night the patient, wet, and weary men labored over the roads, now halting and lying in the mud till some team ahead was resurrected from the mud, now deploying as skirmishers, and moving to the rear to take the place of some other command that had gone and left the rear, without orders, or to cover some cavalry brigade, whose retrograde movement had commenced before the time required. Daylight, on the morning of the 6th, found us dragging our weary way into Jonesborough, and by 7 a. m. the command occupied the works they were in during the battle for the 31st ultimo. The march from this point, via Morrow's Mill and the West Point railroad, to the line of works the division now occupies near East Point, is barren of events worthy of record. Suffice it to say the men are in camp, in good spirits, cheerful, and manifestly as strong in spirits for mischief as if they had not walked their toilsome miles or fought the most stubborn struggles of the war.

I am largely indebted to my personal staff, to the general staff officers-of the adjutant's, quartermaster's, commissary's, inspector's, engineer's, and medical departments-they have all rendered me efficient aid.

I am particularly obliged to thank Captain Benjamin S. Barbour, Company I, Seventh Iowa Infantry, my chief of outposts, for his faithful, patient, and constant attention to the picket and grand guard duty of this division, for his promptness in pursuit of the enemy, and energy in watching and advancing his line.

In conclusion, I respectfully call your attention to the accompanying tabular statement of the casualties of this division, the prisoners captured, and ammunition expended.

Words are inadequate to convey a fitting eulogium of the brave men and gallant officers of this command. Their conduct inspires one with a profound admiration for his own species, and their devotion to their country's cause awakens a conviction that with such men the flag of our country must ever be triumphant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing., Sixteenth Army Corps.

