
front urged up by those in rear. Yet still my thin line stood like al fence of iron, not a man deserting his colors, which were all the time being proudly and defiantly waved in the very teeth of the enemy. The battle was approaching a crisis, one or the other must soon succumb, when up came the gallant Fifty-second Illinois, in obedience to my order, with a cheer that for a moment attracted the attention of all, encouraging my hard-pressed line to renewed efforts, and striking terror into the torn and bleeding ranks of the enemy. They turned and fled in utter confusion and terror, leaving their dead and wounded, and 1 stand of colors in front of my brigade. During the heat of the action the line of Brigadier-General Fuller was pressed back, and to guard against any continuing I ordered my right regiment, Sixty-sixth Indiana, which being out of ammunition had just been relieved from the front line by the Seventh Iowa, to charge front to the rear, which was done, but Fuller's line soon regained their lost ground. I formed the Fifty-second Illinois on the left of my brigade. Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin, commanding Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, was in the thickest of the fight with his heroic troops. Lieutenant-Colonel Howard, commanding Second Iowa, was at his post, and heroically performed his duty until near the close of the engagement, when he received a painful wound and was carried to the rear.

Lieutenant-Colonel Parrott, Seventh Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen, Fifty-second Illinois, and Lieutenant Blodgett, commanding Welker's (Missouri) battery, performed their whole duty unflinchingly. No better soldiers than the tried veterans of these regiments and battery ever engaged the enemy. I leave to regimental and battery commanders to make mention of those of their command deserving notice.

My staff officers, Lieutenant D. T. Bowler, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. B. Morrison, aide-de-camp; and Lieutenant R. K. Randolph, acting assistant inspector-general, deserve my special thanks for their assistance and heroism. My orders were executed by them with energy and without mistake; no position was too perilous or too trying them to go into to carry out my desires. My command captured 1 stand of rebel colors, 75 prisoners, over 600 stand of arms, and buried on the field, 79 dead rebels. In addition to this there were at least 40 dead beyond my skirmish line, left unburied. A portion of these rebel dead, and captured arms, were found in front of Colonel Mersy's line.

My loss was 3 killed, 3 officers and 35 men wounded, a list of which has heretofore been forwarded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. RICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the operations against the enemy in Northern Georgia and Atlanta:

The brigade left Pulaski, Tenn., with the division, the 28th of April, 1864, and marched, via Elkton and Huntsville, to Larkins-

