
of the enemy's success. His decision and resolution animared and encouraged his officers and men to hold on at all hazards. He says:

Brigadier- Geenrals Woods, M. L. Smith, and Harrow, division commandiers, are entetled to equal credit for gallant conduct and skill in repelling the many and desperate assaults of the enemy. My losses were, 50 killed, 439 wounded, 73 missing; aggregate, 562.

Adding the losses of Generals Blair and Dodge, which were small, the entire loss of killed an dwounded will not wxceed 600. In a letter to General Sherman, July 29, I stated that we had counted 642 rebel dead, and that I estimated the rebel loss at not less than 5,000. From subsequent rebel accounts, and from between 100 and 200 more rebel bodies afterward discovered, I believe the enemy's loss much larger, certainly not less than 7,000. We captured 5 battleflags, upward of 1,500 muskets, and nearlly 200 prisoners. After the battle of the 28th of July the enemy seemed satisfied to stand on the drfensive as long as he held Atlanta.

From this time until the 26th of August General Blair repoprts:

The command was occupied in making approaches, digging fifle- pits, and erecting batteries, being subjected day and night to a galling fire of artillery and musketry.

This was literally true of the entire army. Line after line was constructed, the enemy's skirmishers driven back or captured, batteries placed in position, in some places within forty of fifty yards of the enemy's works. By these means our brave officers and men, without flagging, constantly harassed and worried the enemyies of their country. On the 19th of August Maor- General Dodge, while on his advanced line, reconnoitering the enemy's position, rreceived a wound in the head which disabled him. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom succeeded to the command of the corps. On 23rd of August General Lightburn received a leave of absence, in consequence of being wounded. General Morgan L. Smith was obliged to leave his division (Second Division, Fifteenth Corps), in consquece of disability arising from a wound received previous to this campaign. August 17, his command devolved on Brigadier- General Hazen. General Lightburn commanded the divisin from 4th of August to the 17th, inclusive. On the 22nd Brigadier General Charles R. Woods was assigned to the comand of the Third Division, Seventeenth Corps. Major- General Osterhaus had returned two days previously, and resumed command of his dividion (First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps).

The crowning operations of this campaign were ordered to commence on Thursday night, August 18. The general plan is give in General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, dated August 16, 1864. After preliminary preparations, the movement was to commence with General Thomas. He was required to move one corps (Twentieth) across the Chattahoochee bridge, another (the Fourth) south of Proctor's Creek to near Utoy Creek, behind my right center. Next the Army of the Tenessee was to withdraw and cross Utoy, moving on F	airburn, going as far as Camp Creek, while General Thomas was to cross the Utoy and mass his troops. Thired move would bring the Armyies of the Tennessee and Ohio as fa as West Point railroad. The cavalry, menawhile, would be so disposed as to covr the fkanks and rear. In consquence of the enemy having sent away a large proportion of his cavalry, the movement above

