
Burke, who had succeeded in crossing a portion of his command and was suffering from a severe fire from the enemy, I immediately took the Second and Seventh Iowa, the regiments nearest him, and at double-quick soon gained the river-bank, threw my regiments into line, and, in compliance with Colonel Burke's request, detailed men to recross the troops he had thrown over the river, he having received orders to abandon the attempted crossing. This being completed, I, under orders from the general commanding division, marched my command a mile and a half to the rear, and bivouacked on Lick Creek for the night.

At 8 a. m. the 15th I received orders to proceed with my command toward the crossing of the Oostenaula, and to report in person in advance of my column to Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding division. From him I received orders to effect a crossing of the river at the ferry landing. Two companies of the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry (sharpshooters), commanded by Captain Eads, reported to me. A flat-boat, capable of carrying sixty men, was at the landing; under cover a hill, about 200 yards from the stream, I formed the two companies of the Sixty-sixth Illinois, and the Sixty-sixth Indiana Regiment to support them directly in the rear. Welker's battery was finely posted in a commanding position on the hill; the enemy's sharpshooters occupied well-constructed rifle-pits on the south bank of the river. As soon as the pontoons were reported to be ready, I threw the two companies of the Sixty-sixth Indian, to advance at double-quick to the river-bank and open fire on the enemy's riflepits, and the battery to open on them at the same time. So completely did these officers obey my orders that a rapid and deadly fire was opened on the enemy, driving him in confusion from his intrenchments. As rapidly as the boat and pontoons could cross, I threw over my entire brigade, surrendering the pontoons as fast as they could be used in constructing the bridge. In one hour and fifteen minutes from the commencement of the crossing my entire brigade was ferried over the Oostenaula, the bridge was completed, and the brigade formed in echelon on the south bank, the Second Iowa resting on the river, with the Fifty-second Illinois, Sixty-sixth Indiana, and Seventh Iowa to the left and advance, the left of the brigade resting on the road, and the whole completely concealed in the woods. A tete-de-pont was immediately thrown up. The Second Brigade then crossed on the bridge. Colonel Burke reporting to me for orders, I formed his command on the left of my brigade in the open field, left resting on the river (the river making a horseshoe bend at the point of crossing); this brigade immediately completed the tete-de-pont in their front. I was satisfied that there was a completed, the Second Brigade over, and I knew the Third Brigade was on the bank opposite, I commenced demonstrations to ascertain their strength and position by sending a company of the Twelfth Illinois Infantry up the river-bank to the left of the position, in sight of the enemy, throwing a strong line of skirmishers directly to the front across the open field. At the same time, under cover of the woods, I sent the Seventh Iowa Infantry, Major McMullin commanding, supported by the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry forward to a point where I determined the rebel left to rest, with orders to feel

