
the enemy vigorously, and determine their strength and position. Just as the regiment arrived at the point I expected to find the enemy they were massing in column to charge across the open field on the troops I had thrown in sight, doubtless, with the expectation of capturing the entire forces thrown over the river. The regiment immediately made a gallant and determined charge on the left flank of the rebel brigade; Welker's and Brunner's batteries immediately opened a brisk fire on the enemy. He was thrown into confusion and driven disgracefully from the field. From captured prisoners I learned that an entire rebel division, commanded by General Walker, opposed my crossing. So speedily was the brigade thrown over, and so well concealed in the woods, that the enemy was completely surprised when my troops attacked him. This engagement was short, determined, and decisive. The Seventh Iowa lost 7 men killed and 46 wounded; the Sixty-sixth Indiana 1 man killed and 13 wounded. Captured from the enemy 1 stand of colors and 23 prisoners; found on the field 36 of the enemy's dead, and learned from prisoners subsequently captured, that the enemy's dead, and learned from prisoners was not less than 250. The importance of this engagement cannot be measured by the enemy's killed, captured, and wounded. The position gained placed our army on the flank of the enemy, and his communications at our mercy. All that was left him was to achieve a victory over our troops at Resaca, or retreat. The former was tried, resulted in his defeat, and the latter resorted to.

May 16, moved from the crossing of Oostenaula to Rome Cross-Roads, and skirmished with the enemy, with but slight loss to my command. The enemy having left on the morning of the 17th, pursuit was made, via Adairsville, as far as Kingston. Arriving there on the evening of the 19th, our troops had a much-needed rest, and on the 23rd of May again moved against the enemy, crossing the Etowah River at Wooley's Bridge, thence, via Van Wert, to Dallas, arriving at the latter place in the evening of May 26. Found the enemy in force about one mile east of town. On the 17th I advanced my skirmish line to the crest of a hill, where it engaged the enemy's skirmishers; constructed a good line of works on this crest, joining the Fifteenth Corps on my right; also made a second line about 300 yards to the rear. The former was occupied by Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, two sections of Welker's (Missouri) battery, and the Second Iowa Infantry; the second line by Fifty-second Illinois, one section Welker's (Missouri) battery, and Seventh Iowa Infantry. May 28, at 4 p. m. the enemy, commencing near the right of the Fifteenth Corps, made a vigorous attack on our position. Directly in front of my brigade, Bate's division, of Hardee's corps, was formed in column for attack. The enemy's heavy columns, commencing on their left, where thrown forward on our lines. This division in its turn hurled itself impetuously upon my brigade My skirmishers were soon thrown back upon the works, closely followed by the enemy's charging column. Welker's (Missouri) battery, commanded by Lieutenant Blodgett, opened upon them first with grape, then with canister. The infantry coolly held their fire until within close range, when the Second Iowa and Sixty-sixth Indiana opened upon them with such deliberate and deadly aim that they soon wavered, halted, and finally ran in disorder to their works, leaving behind them, in front of the Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers alone, 63 of their dead within thirty yards of my works. During this engagement the troops evinced the most determined bravery

