
30, moved in the direction of Jonesborough to Flint River; sent Second and Seventh Iowa Infantry to report to General Kilpatrick. They skirmished with the enemy most of the day, losing a few wounded, among them Major Hamill, Second Iowa. At noon of the 31st I was ordered over the river and in reserve of the Fifteenth Corps and Second Brigade of your division. At 3 p. m. the enemy opened their batteries upon our line, and at once made a vigorous assault on the Fifteenth Corps. Colonel Adams, commanding Second Brigade, reported to me that there was a gap between his line and the Fifteenth Corps. I immediately sent the Seventh Iowa to fill it. The enemy was then found to be moving in heavy columns to turn our right. I immediately put the balance of my brigade in position on the extreme right of the line, my left resting on Welker's battery, and my right near Flint River, direction of line east and west. The attack on the Fifteenth Corps having been repulsed, and the enemy moving on my position, I immediately withdrew the Seventh Iowa from the left of the Second Brigade and ordered it in reserve of my brigade. During this time Blodgett was pouring into the rebel columns his well-directed fire of thos and shell from Welker's splendid battery. My skirmishers were driven in, and the enemy had halted under cover of the hill to reform for the final charge. Learning their position I took the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry, a splendid regiment, commanded by Captain Morris, supported by the veteran Seventh Iowa, commanded by Major Mahon, and charged directly on their forming columns; threw them into confusion, and by a well-directed, terrific fire drove them, torn and bleeding, from the field; captured 5 officers and 51 privates, making 56 prisoners, several stand of arms, and the day following buried 40 of the enemy's dead on the field.

September 2, advanced my skirmish line into Jonesborough, close on the heels of the rebel rear guard, and followed after with the Sixty-sixth Indiana and Seventh Iowa, and occupied the town; pursued the enemy to near Lovejoy's the same day, and returned with the army to this place September 6, 1864, and received with proud satisfaction the official intelligence of the evacuation of Atlanta by the enemy and its occupation by the national forces, thus ending the campaign.

My command has lost 1 officers killed, 10 wounded, and 1 missing; 46 enlisted men killed 275 wounded and 2 missing; total loss, 335 officers and men. Captured 2 stand of colors, 159 prisoners, and 777 stand of arms, and buried on the field 163 of the enemy's dead.

It is with feelings of exultant pride that I refer to the patient, heroic spirit manifested by the troops of my command during the entire campaign. Whether marching under a burning sun in suffocating dust, or through storm and rain in darkness of night over unfamiliar roads, almost impassable; whether in the trenches or on the battle-field, at all times and under all circumstances, that cheerful, determined, heroic spirit displayed entitles them to the admiration, almost adoration, of their commander. The Fifty-second Illinois, Seventh Iowa, Sixty-sixth Indiana, Second Iowa Infantry Regiments, and Welker's (Missouri) battery will have a name in the history of the magnificent campaign just closed that will always be referred to with proud satisfaction. They and their commanding officers, Lieutenant-Colonels Bowen, Parrott, Maring, and Howard, and Lieutenant Blodgett will receive the thanks and plaudits of a grateful country.

