
The members of my staff, Lieutenants Bowler, Morrison, Randolph, Martin, and Applegate have my hearty thanks for the determined energy displayed on all occasions, and I am particularly indebted to Lieutenants Bowler, Morrison, and Randolph for the efficient aid rendered me on the field.

ELLIOTT W. RICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 531.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin A. Bowen, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, dated headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report regarding the part taken by this command in the battle of July 22:

During the night of the 21st five companies of my regiment were on the skirmish line in front of Atlanta, connecting on the right with General Schofield's left. At 3 o'clock morning of the 22d, Captain S. S. Dunn, commanding Company F on the skirmish line, sent a man to my headquarters stating that the enemy had left our front, and that he was in possession of the rebel rifle-pits, and would there await further orders. This information I immediately imparted to Colonel E. W. Rice, through my adjutant, Colonel Rice remarking that he would order the line to advance under the direction of the brigade officer of the day. I immediately sent my adjutant to your headquarters requesting permission to follow the skirmish line with the remaining five companies, which was granted, with instructions not to move until further orders. Just before sunrise I moved forward, with orders from your headquarters to crowd the skirmish line forward as far as possible and hold our front. Half a mile beyond the main line of rebel earth-works, in advance of all other forces, and on main road, I came up with the other five companies of my regiment, under command of Major Morrison, sixty-sixth Indiana. From this point a good view of Atlanta and the enemy was obtained, the enemy displaying much energy in the construction of a new line of works near the city. General Hascall's brigade, of the Twenty-third Corps, lay in our rear, along the road, at this time. Ascertaining from Major Morrison that the companies under his command, belonging to this regiment, were not deployed, I immediately directed him to deploy them and advance a short distance, stating that I would move the other five companies into position to support the line, thereby securing a front for our corps. These movements executed, I dispatched my orderly to your headquarters with information as to our position, and in return was informed by orderly that you desired me to hold my position and allow no one to crowd me out, unless ordered back by General Sweeny. Under direction of Major Morrison the skirmish line was advanced to within musket range of the enemy's new works, the right resting

