
Men detailed from this command for the purpose of gathering up the arms on the battle-field secured 147 stand of arms, nearly all of which were Enfield rifles, which I turned over to Lieutenant Applegate, acting ordnance officer, First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. BOWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 40, dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, September 4, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operating of this command from May 3 to the present date with the exception of the battle of July 22:

On May 3 the effective strength of this command was 523 men, including officers. Marched twenty miles, spending the night near Larkinsville, Tenn. [Ala.] May 4, embarked on cars for Chattanooga, reaching our destination in afternoon of same date. May 5, marched to Gordon's Mills. After resting one day, the march was renewed in the direction of Willanow. Passed through Snake Creek Gap, May 9, and marched to Resaca. During the skirmish was for advance of this day's march and before Resaca the regiment was for awhile exposed to the enemy's fire. By order of General Sweeny, my command was moved from the position assigned me at Captain Welker's battery on the road to the front line and placed in position to close up the space between Colonel Bane's brigade and the Fourth Division. Marched back in the evening to Snake Creek Gap. During the night of May 10 moved into position on the extreme right of our lines across Snake Creek Gap, working by detail in constructing earth-works through the night, following day, and afternoon of May 12. After dark, May 12, by your order, I proceeded with my command half a mile to the right of your lines with instructions to watch carefully the movements of the enemy, to guard against a flank movement, and in case the enemy should attack me to skirmish as I fell back. Three o'clock the following morning I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, and marched with the brigade to Resaca, being assigned a position in the line on the extreme right. During the advancement of our lines on the afternoon of May 13 before Resaca, Company A of the regiment only was engaged with the enemy, this company being deployed as skirmishers. Just before the brigade retired from the line, this company reached the Oostenaula River, and for a few minutes delivered an effective fire upon the enemy across the river. During the afternoon the regiment advanced and executed ten separate formations. May 14, marched to Lay's Ferry, and was assigned a position to the left of the road fronting the river as support to the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry deployed as skirmishers. While in this position did not become engaged with the enemy, and although exposed to the enemy's fire suffered no loss. About dark, per your order, I detailed Companies E and H to relieve the skirmishers of

