
Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry at the crossing. Early in the evening marched back equidistant between Lay's Ferry and Calhoun Ford, and there spent the night. May 15, marched back to Lay's Ferry, and as soon as the enemy was driven from the crossing, my command was second to be ferried across the river, following the Second Iowa Infantry. In the skirmish to gain possession of the crossing, only Companies E and H were engaged, sustaining no loss. The crossing effected, my command was formed to the left of Second Iowa, that regiment being on the extreme right; Company B was immediately deployed and advanced to cover my front. In the engagement that took place soon after the crossing was effected the regiment was not engaged, and sustained no casualties.

May 16, marched to Rome and Parker's cross-roads, and, during the engagement at that place, was assigned a position to the right of Captain Welker's battery, right resting on the road. Shortly after was ordered to the left and rear to support Second Iowa Infantry, time was the command engaged. During the night of May 17 marched until 1 a .m., reaching Adairsville 12 m. May 18, after dark march renewed and continued until 12 at night, bivouacking at Woodland Hermitage. May 19, march renewed at 12 m. arriving at Kingston in the evening. After several days' rest at Kingston, marched 1 p. m., May 23, and continued until 9 p. m. May 24, marched as guard to wagon train, with one company between each twenty wagons, the advance of command reaching Van Wert 9 p. m., the rear 11 p. m., dark, wet, and muddy. May 25, marched over mountains, bivouacking after dark. May 26, marched 3.30 a. m. Haltin on Pumpkin Vine Creek a short time to obtain rations, the march was resumed toward Dallas, taking several different positions as support to Fourth Division during the afternoon. Late in the afternoon passed through Dallas, being assigned a position on the left of front line of brigade, sending out Company F on picket to cover my front. 9 p. m., received orders from your headquarters to report with my command of general Sweeny, leaving Company F on picket. Was instructed by General Sweeny to proceed to the junction of the Marietta and Villanow roads and pickets it during the night, holding the position, if attacked, as long as possible. Early on the morning of May 27 received orders from General Sweenty to rejoin my brigade without delay. On reporting to Colonel Rice was assigned a position on the right of second line, connecting with the left of General Osterhaus' division. Company F, left on the skirmish line during the night, became engaged with the enemy early in the morning and continued until 1 p. m., when relieved, sustaining a loss of 1 killed and 2 seriously wounded. No other portion of the command became engaged during the day, and suffered no loss, although considerably exposed to the random shots from the enemy. During the night the regiment constructed a line of earth-works. In the battle of May 28 the command occupied the right of the second line, and was protected by the works constructed the night previous. Did not become engaged, and sustained no casualties. Occupied the same position during May 29 and 30, and notwithstanding the men were constantly exposed, when not behind their works, to bullets from the enemy's skirmish line, no casualties were sustained, with the exception of 1 man badly wounded while on the skirmish line without orders. 4 p. m., May 30, in obedience to your orders, I proceeded to the front line of works with my com-

