
Shanty. Rejoined brigade at dark, reporting to your headquarters. Remained in camp at Big Shanty until 2 p. m., June 26, when ordered to march, with the Second Division, to the front, relieving General Osterhaus' division, this commanded being assigned to the right of the second line, Company F going out on the skirmish line in the evening. 1 p. m., June 28, received orders to proceed to the skirmish line with my command, and relieve Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry. 4 p. m., June 29, Twelfth Illinois Infantry relieved my command on skirmish line, and I returned to former position in second line of works, sustaining a loss of 2 wounded (1 since died). Late in afternoon of June 30 moved my command to front line of works, and relieved Seventh Iowa Infantry. Occupied these works until 11 p. m., July 2, when the command marched, with brigade, to the rear and right three miles, forming line, Fifty-second on the right, bivouacking until morning.

July 3, marched to the right of our army, passing through General Schofield's lines. The march was continued to Nickajack Creek, this regiment being assigned to the right of the lines that night former. During the night the regiment constructed earthworks. 12 m., July 4, this command moved across Nickajack Creek, lying in reserve until 3.30 p. m., when ordered to move to the front and report to Colonel Mersy, commanding Second Brigade; was assigned to the position occupied in the line by Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry. Very soon after getting into position Colonel Mersy ordered me to advance as support to Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, deployed as skirmishers. In advancing the lines, without assistance from my command, the first line of works was carried by the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, and I moved my command forward to the work, then by the flank double-quick through an open field, while exposed to the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, taking a position across the open field, having no protection for the men only disconnected rifle-pits from which the enemy had been driven. As soon as I had gained this position the skirmishers were again successfully advanced. After dark the enemy opened artillery upon my command, and for twenty minutes they were exposed to the most terrific and dangerous fire to which the command was ever exposed. The enemy, seeing the command take the position before dark, did quickly obtain the range. Many shells burst over and among the men, but, fortunately, none were hurt, one shell exploding between Company B, of my command, and Company H, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, to my left, wounded 5 men in the Twelfth. Officers and men remained cool and steadfast in their places. The shelling over, silently, under cover of darkness, the command worked all night constructing heavy earthworks, anticipating that the enemy would again shell us in the morning. Company I was sent out on skirmish line to relieve a company of Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry soon after the company, reported that his men had been out as far as second line of works, and found no enemy. Soon after receiving this report I received orders from your headquarters to send out a strong skirmish line, with instructions to gather in all stragglers, and ascertain, as near as possible, the whereabouts and movements of the enemy. I accordingly sent out Companies I and F, under command of Captain S. S. Dunn. After several hours' absence Captain Dunn returned with 25 prisoners and the same number of arms and accou-

