
place, and my command returned to the middle line of works. While in this position the men were obliged to sleep,and constantly remained, in the ditches. No one could go to the front or rear without endangering his life. During the nine days my command occupied this line of works the command sustained a loss of 2 killed and 8 wounded. From August 20 to 25 this command remained in second lines of works, furnishing their usual detail for skirmish duty, sustaining the loss of only 1 man seriously wounded.

In obedience to orders from your headquarters I reported, with my command, to Captain Barbour, chief of outposts, Second Division. 4 p. m., August 25, proceeded to the rear some two miles and deployed five companies of my command (holding the balance in reserve) in front of the new position selected for the Second Division to occupy. Maintained this position during the night, following day and night, until 1 o'clock morning of August 27.

In obedience to orders from General Corse, received morning of the 27th, sent Company E, Lieutenant Spalding commanding, to patrol the road on which the Sixteenth Corps retired, with instructions if possible to establish a vedette post in Welker's fort; to watch the moments of the enemy and skirmish as he fell back. Lieutenant Spalding maintained the vedette post for several hours, when the enemy pressed so hard that he was forced to retire 400 yards, the enemy taking possession of the fort. At this moment two regiments came up, of the Fourth Corps, and charged the enemy, driving the enemy back with considerable loss. Lieutenant Spalding immediately re-established the vedette post and maintained his position for several hours. The rear guard of the Fourth Corps having passed through our line the enemy made their appearance, opening fire on the liens. Fearing that Lieutenant Spalding would be cut off I immediately sent orders for him to join the regiment without delay. The enemy did not appear in my front in much force, and when they discovered our position they quickly retired to a wholesome distance. As ordered, reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Strong for orders when to retire my command, and at 12 o'clock to rejoin the brigade. This order was executed as promptly as the distance, darkness, and character of the roads would permit. Rejoined the brigade 2 o'clock morning of the 27th, marched with the brigade during the balance of the night and day, reaching bivouac, near Campbellton Station, Ga., late in the afternoon. 12 m., August 28, marched on Campbellton road, with brigade, bivouacking and corps, to Fairburn and was engaged during the day destroying the railroad, returning to last bivouac late in the evening. Marched to Flint River August 30, arriving late in the evening. During the forenoon, August 31, constructed temporary breast-works; Fifty-second on left of brigade. 12.30 p. m., moved across Flint River to the right of our lines, moving left in front, Fifty-second in advance of brigade. Was assigned a position on left of brigade in front line, the enemy commended shelling our lines, quickly followed by a charge and rattle of musketry. In obedience to orders, moved forward double-quick toward the front line, following Second Iowa Infantry. On reaching the right of the Second Brigade was assigned

28 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

