
Recapitulation; The regiment has lost in killed and died of wounds received during the campaign 6, wounded, 32.

The command has captured 38 prisoners, and secured 175 stand of arms.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. BOWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. B. MORRISON,

A. D. C., First Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 532.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin, Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 14-15.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment INDIANA INFTY. VOLS.,In the Field, near Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of the 14th instant the Sixty-sixth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers, under my command, was ordered forward to dislodge the enemy, then occupying the south bank of the Oostenaula River. In obedience to this order I had the left wing (Companies H, K, F, D, and B) deployed as skirmishers on the left side of the road leading to the ferry, and Companies I and G, of the right wing, were deployed on the right of said road. The other companies remained in line of battle. In this order the regiment moved steadily forward. Upon arriving at Turner's house I caused Companies C and A to deploy to the right, holding Company E in reserve. After a sharp fight the enemy was driven from his rifle-pits in such haste that he left his battle-flag in the works, whereupon Asahel M. Pyburn, private Company I, plunged into the river, swam over and captured it, returning with it safely. We continued to occupy the river bank until 9 p.m ., when we received orders to withdraw.

On the morning of the 15th, the regiment was ordered forward to dislodge the enemy again, and protect the companies about to cross in pontoon boats. We moved forward by the right flank at doublequick until the right reached the river bank, then changed front forward on first company; the men moved rapidly forward, delivering their fire as they came into line, causing the enemy to abandon the works on the river bank. After crossing the river Company C was ordered out as skirmishers with Companies A and K as supports. These companies rejoined the regiment about the time it formed line to support the Seventh Iowa Infantry, when it so bravely repulsed a charge from three rebel regiments. It affords me sincere pleasure to state that as far as I could perceive every officer and soldier present with the regiment on these occasions discharged his whole duty faithfully and fearlessly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

