
Numbers 533.

Report of Captain Alfred Morris, Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment INDIANA INFTY. VOLS.,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following: On the 4th of May this regiment (Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and K), under command of Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin, at Larkinsville, Ala., embarked upon the cars for Chattanooga, which place was reached on the evening of the same day. The next morning the regiment marched to Gordon's Mills, Ga., where it rested until the morning of the 7th, when the march was resumed, reaching the east end of Snake Creek Gap the following night. On the 9th the cavalry met the enemy, and drove them to Resaca, this regiment, with the division, acting as a support. After night-fall, in obedience to orders, fires were built along the line, when we retired to the position occupied that morning. The regiment again moved forward on the 13th, reaching a position near Resaca, where one Company (H) was deployed as skirmishers, becoming, however, only slightly engaged. Late in the afternoon a position farther to the left was taken, where we bivouacked for the night. The following morning we moved, with the division, about five miles to the right companies were deployed as skirmishers, three (C, A, and E) being held in reserve; two (C and A) were soon afterward deployed. After a brisk skirmish fight the enemy was dislodged from his fortified position on the opposite bank, losing his battle-flag, which was taken by Private Ashahel M. Pyburn, of Company I. At dark the regiment was withdrawn some distance to the rear. Early next morning an advance was again ordered, and the enemy retired, offering a very slight resistance. The regiment was again deployed was being laid, after which of the road. On the following day marched to Rome Cross-Roads, and took position during the fight on the left of the Third Brigade, but was not engaged. Kingston was reached on the 19th, nothing occurring worthy of notice. On the 23rd the regiment marched was assigned a position in line of battle on the right of the brigade and left of the Fifteenth Corps. Our skirmishers gradually advance, until night, when rude earth-works were constructed. Sharp skirmishing continued during the night and next day until late in the afternoon, when the enemy made an assault, but were repulsed after a brisk fight of a few minutes, leaving many dead and wounded on the field. The day following the regiment was relieved by the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, and returned to the second line of works. At night, however, it was again thrown forward to support the Eighty-first during the second assault of the enemy.

The regiment retired from its position near Dallas on the 1st of June, marching by the left flank, and reaching Acworth on the night of the 7th. On the 10th marched to Big Shanty, and, with the division, was left in reserve until the 26th, when we relieved the

