
Twenty-five Iowa, of First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, at base of Kenesaw Mountain. On the night 2nd July marched from front of Kenesaw Mountain to the right, and next evening relieved a regiment of the Fifteenth Corps, on the skirmish line. Was withdrawn next morning, and assigned to position as a support to the Seventh Iowa. Later in the day was ordered to construct works on the right of the Fifty-second Illinois, then occupying the rebel rifle-pits. The day following marched several miles down the Sandtown road, and encamped within four miles of the Chattahoochee River, and rested until the 9th, when we marched to Marietta, arriving there at 9 p. m. Early next morning resumed the march, and reached Roswell, on Chattahoochee River. At noon crossed over and fortified. Remained in this position until Sunday, the 17th when an advance was again ordered. The regiment arrived at Decatur, on the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, on the evening of the 19th, without having been engaged with the enemy. On the 20th moved forward on the road to Atlanta, and took position on the right of said road, and intrenched.

Late in the afternoon of the following day again advanced and built a line of works, and rested on arms during the night. On the 22nd moved, with the division, to the left, and was engaged in the battle of that day. July 23, Major T. G. Morrison assumed command, Lieutenant Colonel Roger Martin having been sent to hospital. At midnight of the 26th moved to the extreme right, and acting as a support, advanced the skirmish line, and afterward relieved a regiment of the Fourteenth Corps, then on the line; were relieved next day by the Seventh Iowa Infantry.

On the 11th August Captain Jordan, with the right wing, charged the rebel skirmishers, drove them, and built works under fire of both artillery and musketry. After this nothing more than the usual skirmish fire occurred in our front during the siege of Atlanta. On the 24th, when Captain A. Morris assumed command, the regiment was sent to the rear of the Seventeenth Corps, and constructed works, and, with the brigade, on the night of the 26th, brought up the rear in the movement on the Montgomery railroad, where it arrived on the 29th, when we proceeded to destroy the track. On the 30th moved eastward toward Jonesborough, and camped at night a near the town, and the following morning built a line of earth-works west of Flint River. At noon was marched to the rear of the Fifteenth Corps, where we rested until the enemy made an assault, when we were assigned position on the right of the Second Brigade, to support Company H, First Missouri Light Artillery. The regiment did not become hotly engaged, but advanced in line of battle to a ridge overlooking a ravine, where the enemy were preparing for a charge. About 50 prisoners, including several commissioned officers, were captured during the day.

The regiment marched into Jonesborough the morning of the 2nd September, and thence to its present position, near Lovejoy's Station, September 4.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED MORRIS,

Captain Company F, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. B. MORRISON,

A. D. C., First Brigadier, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

