
Numbers 535.

Report of Captain John A. Duckworth, Second Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT IOWA VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near Lovejoy's, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 40, dated brigade headquarters, September 4, 1864, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers in the present campaign, from May 3, 1864, to the present date.

The regiment, under command of Colonel James B. Weaver, left Larkinsville, Ala., on the morning of May 4, and arrived at Chattanooga, Tenn., by rail late in the evening of the same day. On the 5th it marched out, participating in the movement on Resaca, and arrived at the eastern mouth of Snake Creek Gap on the morning of the 9th. Here it was detached from the brigade and ordered, with other regiments, back to the western mouth of the gap to guard the trains and communications of the army. It joined the brigade at sunset on the 10th, and still later on the same evening took position on the right center of the brigade, which formed the right of the army. On the morning of the 13th it marched out in the direction of Calhoun, and took position on the extreme right of the army. On the 14th participated in the operations at Calhoun Ford, assisted in carrying and launching the pontoons, after which it resumed its arms and its place in line of battle, which was formed along the northern bank of the Oostenaula River. We the first regiment to cross on the morning of the 15th, and, deploying as skirmishers, held the enemy at bay until the remainder of the brigade as skirmishers, and occupying a position on the extreme left of the division. ON the evening of the 17th commenced the march to Kingston, where it arrived on the afternoon of the 19th. Under command of Lieutenant Colonel N. B. Howard, it participated in the march to Dallas, Ga., starting on the evening of the 23rd and arriving on the afternoon of the 26th. On the 27th took position in line of battle on the left for the brigade, and, during the afternoon and ensuing night, after having gained the crest of the ridge in front, assisted in the construction of defensive works, laboring hard, nearly all the time under a heavy skirmish fire from the enemy. In the same position it took part in the battle of the 28th, and lay in support of the Twelfth Illinois Infantry during the battle on the night of the 29th. It covered the rear of the army on its withdrawal from Dallas a portion of the afternoon of June 1, and arrived at Acworth on the 6th. It covered the rear of the army on its withdrawal from Dallas a portion of the afternoon of June 1, and arrived at Acworth on the 6th. Marched to Big Shanty on the 10th, and took position in reserve in front of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 20th was detached from the brigade to do picket, provost, and fatigue duty at Big Shanty Station. Joined the brigade near Lost Mountain on the morning of July 3, and took position at dusk of the same day on the western bank of Nickajack Creek and fortified. Was with the advance on the day following. Crossed Nickajack Creek in the forenoon, and deployed as skirmishers; took part in the action of that afternoon. Commenced the march to the extreme left on the 9th. Arrived at Roswell, and crossed the Chattahoochee River on the 10th; took position on the left of the brigade, and fortified during the night and the succeeding day. Participated in the movements of the army against Decatur, Ga., from which point

