
it advanced in the direction of Atlanta. On the 20th was deployed as skirmishers, and filled a gap between the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Army Corps during the night and the succeeding day. On the 23d, under command of Major Hamill, it took position on the extreme left of the army and fortified. On the 27th it was in its place in the march to the extreme right of the army; held the right of the brigade in the advance to gain the position in front and in sight of the city of Atlanta. On the evening of the 4th of August, the skirmish line in front of the brigade having been driven by a superior force of the enemy from the advanced position taken the same day, the regiment was ordered to drive him back, which it did, holding permanently the position gained. It was in the front on the 8th, when the lines were advanced, which position it held until the army was withdrawn. It participated in the series of marches and maneuvers commenced on the 26th, which brought the Sixteenth Army Corps into position in the rear of the remainder of the Army of the Tennessee, on the evening of the 28th. On the 29th it assisted in destroying the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, near Fairburn Station. On the morning of the 30th, in company with the Seventh Iowa Infantry, it was ordered to support the cavalry under General Kilpatrick and the advance on Jonesborough was commenced. Taking the main road leading to Jonesborough, the command moved out at a brisk step, under a burning sun, carrying, besides arms and ammunition, rations and clothing, a number of intrenching tools. A force of the enemy's cavalry was found at Stithville Post-Office, six miles northwest of Jonesborough, posted on an eminence in the open field, and protected by a barricade of rails. This position the regiment was ordered to charge, supported by the Seventh Iowa Infantry. Two companies, B and G, were deployed as skirmishers. Major Hamill assumed command of the two regiments and the advance was ordered. The command moved cautiously until it arrived at the edge of the corn-field through which it had to pass when the charge was ordered. The regiment moved in fine style, driving the enemy from, and taking possession of, the crest of the ridge and the defenses. It was while making this charge that Major Hamill was wounded. It is needless to say that he was in the coolest and bravest manner doing his whole duty. Skirmishers were advanced and the enemy driven from his second position in the edge of the woods. Throwing out an additional company (E) as skirmishers, the command again moved forward by order of Captain Mahon, of the Seventh Iowa Infantry. The enemy was found in his third position near Liberty Hill Church, which was charged, taken, and held by Companies B, E, and G, and a squadron of cavalry. Here five companies of the Seventh took the advance, supported by the remainder of the two regiments united. Advanced a mile farther, when orders came to join the brigade. Arrived at Flint River late on the evening of the same day, took position on the right center of the brigade, and on the morning of the 31st fortified. Crossed the river at noon, and the enemy making an attack shortly afterward it was ordered to support the Second Brigade. Formed in rear of the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, having moved up at double-quick, and in fine style. From this position was moved to the right, forming on the front line on the right of the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry. One company was thrown out to the front and right as skirmishers, and the front rank men-those in the rear rank holding the arms-with rails from a fence near by soon hard constructed a barricade from which

