
the regiment could easily have repulsed three times its own number. Here it remained until the evening of September 1, when it had orders to support the skirmishers in front of the First Brigade, to deploy a portion of it on the line, and open fire on the enemy, which must continue until dark. It was already growing dark, and the regiment started without a guide. The route was a difficult one, and but for the accidental meeting of Captain Barto, of the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, who had just been relieved as brigade officer of the day, it might have arrived too late to have done the service it did. The commanding officer, in behalf of the regiment, takes this method of acknowledging the valuable services rendered by that officer. The regiment had just reached the position assigned it when the enemy resisted sharply our advancing lines, and Companies B, C, and D, under command of Captain Tunis, were sent to re-enforce them. By their prompt and timely arrival the enemy was not only checked but was driven from his position.

The regiment captured during the campaign 25 prisoners, 1 stand of colors, and 196 stand a small-arms. It also buried of the enemy's dead 3 officers and 22 men.

For report on conduct of officers see Appendix A, and for list of casualties see Appendix B.*

Throughout the whole of this most remarkable campaign the officers and men of this regiment had displayed that patriotism, courage, fortitude, and patience, under all circumstances, which characterize only the best of soldiers, and humanity, true to itself, will remember their actions and appreciate their worth, which, as truth, are imperishable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DUCKWORTH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. B. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 536.

Report of Major Matthew G. Hamill, Second Iowa Infantry, of operations July 22.

CAMP SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,

In the Field, near Atlanta, July 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Second Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers in the engagement of July 22, 1864:

The regiments was marched, with the brigade, from position on the line between the Fifteenth and Twenty-third Corps, on the morning of the 22d, to position on the extreme left, to meet a rapid advance of the enemy on the left of the brigade, the Seventh Iowa on our right, on a ridge running almost a right-angles with the line of the Seventeenth Corps and in an open field. Company G, under command of Captain Duckworth, was deployed as skirmishers, but had advanced only a short distance when the enemy was discovered in the edge of

---------------

*Appendices not found.

---------------

