
the woods advancing in force directly on our front. Our skirmishers being hard pressed entered to the left to avoid exposure in an open field until the regimental front was uncovered, when the regiment opened a well-directed fire on their advancing column, checking their advance and throwing them into confusion. After fruitless efforts to rally their men under out fire, they were driven from the field, leaving their dead, wounded, and arms in our hands. During the progress of the battle in our front the enemy had advanced on our right flank and gave us an enfilading fire, wounding several But the men did not seem to notice the enemy so near in our rear or the injury they were doing us until they were driven from our front. About the close of the engagement Lieutenant Colonel Noel B. Howard was severely wounded and compelled to leave the field, leaving the regiment in my command. Captain George Heaton and 3 sergeants were severely wounded, 1 corporal mortally and 4 privates slightly. The above were all the casualties. The captures were 20 prisoners, 167 stand of arms, and 1 stand of colors.

Were I to make special mention of the officers and men who did their whole duty well and deserve promotion I would have to name every member of the regiment, for each officer and soldier seemed to feel and depot himself as if the safety of the army and the triumphs of our holy cause depended on his undivided efforts. No soldiers ever discharged their duty better. None were ever more worthy the lasting gratitude of a rescued nation.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HAMILL,

Major, Commanding Second Iowa Infantry.

Captain J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 537.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, Seventh Iowa Infantry, of operations May 14-15 and July 22.
HDQRS. SEVENTH IOWA WESTERN INFANTRY, VOLS.,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

In compliance with circular of this date from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I respectfully make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Iowa Veteran Volunteers at the crossing of the Oostenaula River, Ga., on the 14th and 15th of May:

On the 14th of May the regiment, under my command, moved in the vicinity of the river, when four companies from my command were detailed for duty for the purpose of preparing pontoons for crossing the river, which was done with promptness and dispatch. At about 4 p. m. the companies were relieved, and three for them returned to the regiment in good order and without casualty. Company C, on its return, met with a serious calamity. When within a short distance of the regiment a shell from the enemy exploded in their ranks, causing the death of 3 and wounding 4. At about 6 p. m. same day I was ordered, with the regiment, to the front, at the crossing of the Oostenaula River, to cover the recrossing of our troops, when I made a detail of boatmen to man the boats, and in a short time, the recrossing was completed. At 10 p. m. I was ordered to fall back with my regiment to a position on Snake Creek,

