
where I bivouacked my men for the night. On the morning of the 15th the regiment was again ordered to the front, and I being unwell and entirely exhausted from previous exposure and exertion, and from instructions of my medial officer, I remained at the hospital. I placed the regiment of my medical officer, I remained at the hospital. I placed the regiment in command of Major J. W. McMullin, knowing that in case of emergency it was in good hands, and I am proud to say that shortly after passing the river the gallant old Seventh, under command of the major, encountered the enemy in vastly superior numbers, and by the energy and determination of the officers and men, and their love for the good old flag, drove the enemy from his works and strongholds, and secured a crossing for the balance of our troops.

I will state that it is with regret that I was not able to be with the regiment on the 15th, but I am proud to know that in the major they were properly commanded, and did their duty as on former occasions, nobly. I regret to add more to this report, but in the accomplishment of the foregoing, the noble old Seventh had to sacrifice 54 of her members, viz, 7 killed and 47 wounded.

I know of no officer or soldier personally who was present for duty who did not do his duty well. The accompanying reports from company commandants will more fully explain the part taken by each company.

The following officers were present on the 14th and 15th, and all, so far as I know did their duty gallantly: Major J. W. McMullin, in command on the 15th; Captain Hedges, acting major; Lieutenant Springer, Company A; Lieutenant Folsom and Lieutenant Smith, Company B; Captain Bennett and Lieutenant Helmick, Company C; Captain Gale, Company D; Captain Conn and Lieutenant McCormick, Company E; Captain Mahon and Lieutenant Sergeant, Company F; Lieutenant Berkey of Company C, commanding Company G; Captain Montgomery and Lieutenant Graham, Company H; Captain Barbour, Company I; Lieutenant Wightman and Lieutenant Spence, Company K. Lieutenant C. H. Trott, regimental quartermaster, was with the regiment both days, and did hid duty promptly.

I am satisfied that the Seventh Iowa Infantry did its duty in the engagements at Oostenaula, and has added more luster to its former bright record, of which our noble young State can and will feel proud.

In conclusion, I mourn the loss of the noble dead and sympathize with the gallant wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PARROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Iowa Veteran Infantry.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH IOWA VETERAN INFANTRY,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Iowa Veteran Infantry, Friday, July 22, 1864, near Atlanta, Ga.:

On the morning of the 22nd I was ordered to move my regiment south toward Atlanta, arriving on the field of battle about 1 p. m.

