
same day. The Seventh took an active part in the action, and claims her share of the honors which are due the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Army of the Tennessee.

I am proud to say, sir, that the officers and men of the regiment behaved gallantly, and fought like veterans.

The following is a list of casualties:*

J. C. PARROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER, -

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 538.

Report of Captain Samuel Mahon, Seventh Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH IOWA VETERAN INFANTRY,In the Field, near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Seventh Iowa Infantry, First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, in the campaign just closed:

The regiment, in command of Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Parrott, left Prospect, Tenn., April 29, 1864, and by forced marches, reached Larkinsville, Tenn. [Ala.], May 3, distance sixty-seven miles; thence by rail to Chattanooga, May 4, arriving in the evening; sixty miles. On the morning of the 5th moved with the First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and arrived in Sugar Valley, Ga., via Gordon's Mills and Ship's Gap, on the 8th, distance forty-six miles, where the enemy was first encountered. Moved on the morning of the 9th down the valley, skirmishing with the enemy's advance, to Resaca, nine miles, where the regiment took position before the enemy's works, and remained till dark, when it was ordered back seven miles. On the night of the 10th moved to the right and constructed a line of works. On the 13th the regiment moved on Resaca, and was formed in column; in reserve till noon of the 14th, when it moved to Lay's Ferry, on the Oostenaula River, distance three miles. The report of operations at this point, and the action of the 15th, has already been forwarded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Parrott and Major J. W. McMullin. On the 16th the regiment moved to Rome Cross-Roads, two miles and a half, taking position in reserve during the skirmish. Moved from Rome Cross-Roads on the evening of the 17th, and reached Kingston, via Adairsville, on the evening of the 19th, distance thirty miles. The regiment lay in camp at Kingston, enjoying a much-needed rest, till noon of the 23d, when it moved southward, reaching Dallas, Ga., on the 26th, after a fatiguing march of thirty-eight miles, mostly performed a tonight, over bad roads. On the morning of the 27th skirmishing began and continued during the day with some loss. In the evening the regiment constructed works in the second line, on the left of the brigade, and occupied them, where it remained during the assault of the enemy on the evening of the 28th. On the 30th the regiment relieved the Twelfth Illinois Infantry in the front line, where it remained till the morning of June 1, constantly skirmishing with the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 7 wounded.

---------------

