
Montgomery Railroad, three miles north of Fairburn on the evening of the 28th, distance twenty-three miles. On the morning of the 29th marched to Fairburn, and, under instructions from General Corse, occupied the town and destroyed the railroad by burning the ties and breaking the rails. Rejoined the brigade in the evening and moved back to the camp of the previous night, distance six miles. On the morning of the 30th I was ordered to report to Major Hamill, commanding Second Iowa Infantry, to accompany the cavalry division of General Kilpatrick. Moved out on the Jonesborough road five miles, when the cavalry advance encountered the enemy. I then received orders from Major Hamill to form the regiment in support of the Second Iowa and advance on the position of the enemy, which was situated on the hill, protected by a rail barricade. The position was carried without loss, and the regiment advanced as reserves to the skirmishers of the Second Iowa, supported by the cavalry. In this way I advanced three miles in line through a difficult country, through dense thickets and across swamps, with men already exhausted by a rapid march in the morning after cavalry column, till the skirmishers reached the cross-roads, when I was relieved, and reported to the brigade, continuing the march with it. Camped at night on Flint Creek, one miles west of Jonesborough, distance fifteen miles. On the morning of the 31st the regiment built temporary works to protect its position. At noon I received orders, crossed Flint Creek, and formed in reserve in the point of timber, in rear of the position of Second Brigade. When the action began I move the regiment, under orders, to the front on double-quick, and reported to Colonel Adams, commanding Second Brigade. I went into position on the left of the Second Brigade, with a battery on my right. I remained in this position about fifteen minutes, when I received orders from Colonel Adams to report to my brigade, and took position, supporting Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery. Shortly afterward I moved forward to support the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry in the advance on the enemy. After the repulse of the enemy I received orders to form in reserve on the right of Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, and built temporary works, in which position I lay till the morning of the 2nd of September, when the regiment entered Jonesborough, it having been evacuated by the enemy the previous night.

The following is a list of the casualties in the different actions and skirmishes during the campaign:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Battle Lay's Ferry, May 14 and 15	 11	 50	 ......

Battle Dallas, May 25 to 31	 .....	 6	 ......

Battle Kenesaw Mountain, June 26 to	 2	 1	 ......

July 3

July 22, previously reported	 ......	 7	 ......

Before Atlanta, July 24 to August	 2	 17	 1

24, in skirmishing

Jonesborough, August 31	 .....	 4	 ......

Captured, June 19, near Dallas	 .....	 ......	 2

Total	 15	 85	 3

Aggregate, 103.

The above table includes the following officers: Captain William W. De Heus, prisoner of war June 19, 1864; Captain Thomas L. Montgomery, wounded May 15, 1864; Second Lieutenant Charles J. Sergeant, wounded August 11, 1864.

