
Total distance marched, about 425 miles.

I am proud to say that the conduct of both commissioned officers and enlisted men of the regiment, in the arduous campaign just closed, has been all that could be desired. Every fatigue, however severe, has been cheerfully borne, and they have been always ready at the post of danger. Whether on the weary marched (many of them performed at night) over difficult roads, or working in the trenches before Atlanta under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery, or standing shoulder to shoulder on the battle-field, they have done their whole duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. MAHON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. B. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 539.

Report of Colonel Robert N. Adams, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special field Orders, Numbers 85, issued from headquarters Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this command during the present campaign up to the reduction of Atlanta:

April 29, the brigade, under command of P. E. Burke, colonel Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, marched, with its division, from Pulaski, Tenn., to Larkinsville, Ala., arriving there on the 4th of May; thence it was transported by rail to Chattanooga, Tenn., arriving there on the evening of the 4th. On the 5th marched to Lee and Gordo's Mills, twelve miles south of Chattanooga, where it remained until the morning of the 7th, when it again resumed the march, and arrived at Snake Creek Gap on the evening of the 8th. On the morning of the 9th the brigade was ordered to advance, the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry in advance. This regiment soon became engaged with the enemy's cavalry, but being outnumbered, after a brisk fight, was compelled to fall back. The Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry was then deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, and ordered forward, driving the enemy steadily miles. Here they skirmished with the enemy until after dark, when the brigade was withdrawn and returned to Sanke Creek Gap, where it remained until the 13th, when it was again advanced to Resaca, and, with its division, held in reserve on the extreme right of the line, with the exception of two companies that were deployed as skirmishers on the bank of the Oostenaula River. The 14th, brigade, with its division, was ordered to Lay's Ferry for the purpose of effecting a crossing of the Oostenaula River. Arriving within a short distance of the ferry, the brigade was ordered forward, Sixty-sixth Illinois deployed as skirmishers, supported by Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, the Twelfth Illinois being ordered to the support of Captain Arndt's battery. After a brisk fight the enemy

