
was dislodged from the opposite shore, and six companies of the Eighty-first Ohio, two companies of the Sixty-sixth Illinois, and one company of the Twelfth Illinois, effected a crossing of the river, resulting in the complete routing of the enemy and the capturing of 24 prisoners. The brigade lost in effecting this crossing 6 killed (including 2 commissioned officer) and 53 wounded; total, 59. At dark these companies were ordered to recross the river, which was done without further loss. 15th, the brigade again recrossed the river, and fortified a position on the left of the First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, 16th, the enemy having evacuated Resaca, the brigade, with its division, was ordered in pursuit. At Rome Cross-Roads, a distance of three miles, the brigade became engaged with the enemy's rear guard. In this action seven companies of the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry were deployed as skirmishers, and the Eighty-first Ohio ordered forward as support, and in order to support such a long line of skirmishers to an advantage was divided into three detachments. Here again the Twelfth Illinois was detached from the brigade to a distant part of the field as support to the First Missouri Light Artillery. The skirmish line of the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, by direction of General Sweeny, was then ordered to advance. Having moved forward a distance of half a mile, with but slight resistance, they were charged upon by a heavy line of rebel infantry, and compelled to fall back to their support, whereupon each detachment of the Eighty-first Ohio became engaged, and although contending against a much superior force for the enemy succeeded in checking his advance until ordered to retire. In this action the much lamented Colonel P. E. Burke, then in command of the brigade, fell mortally wounded. The brigade lost in this action 4 killed, 38 wounded, and 10 missing. 17th, resumed march, the enemy having fallen back during the night. Arrived at Kingston, Ga., on the 19th, and remained there until the 23d, when the brigade again resumed the march, and arrived at Dallas, Ga., on the 26th the enemy charged upon the works several times, but were on each occasion repulsed. On the night of the 31st the brigade moved thee miles to the left, and relieved Colonel Mitchell's brigade, General Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

June 1, the brigade was withdrawn from this position, and marched, with the army, to a new position near Acworth, Ga. Remained there until the 5th, when it moved, with its division and army, to the above-named place. 10th, moved to Big Shanty, Ga., in front of Kenesaw Mountain, and remained there in the front line until the 2nd of July, when it was ordered, with its division and corps, to the right of the line. The enemy having evacuated Kenesaw Mountain during the night of the 2d, the brigade, with its division, was ordered in pursuit. Arrived at Nickajack Creek on the evening of the 3d, and relieved the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, which lay in close proximity to the enemy's rear guard. July 4, the brigade was ordered forward a distance of two miles, and threw up a line of works in front of a strong position then held by the enemy. Here the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry, deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Twelfth Illinois, charged and carried one line of the enemy's works. The enemy having again fallen back the brigade was ordered, on the morning of the 5th, to Baker's Ferry. Re-

