
Numbers 541.

Report of Captain Samuel T. Hughes, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Near East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 69, paragraph II, Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report, viz:

On the 1st day of May, 1864, this regiment moved as guard of the wagon train [of the] Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, on the road leading from Decatur, Ala., to Huntsville, Ala., where they were met by the wagon train of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and from that place were acting as guard of the wagon train of the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Phillips, arriving at Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 7th of May, 1864. On the 7th of May, at - p. m., moved on the road leading to Gordon's Mills, at which place regiment bivouacked for the night. May 8, moved on the road leading, via Snake Creek Gap, to Resaca, Ga. May 9, met the enemy at the mouth of Snake Creek Gap; held them in check until relieved by the Sixth-sixth Illinois Infantry. Our loss, 16 enlisted men prisoners, 1 enlisted man killed, 4 enlisted men wounded, and Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips severely wounded in left leg. After Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips was wounded, Major John H. Kuhn assumed command of regiment. May 10, in a skirmish with the enemy near Resaca, Ga., the regiment sustained a loss of 2 enlisted men killed. From the date the army left resaca, Ga., until arriving at kingston, Ga., the regiment was used in different detachments as train guards, flankers, advance guards, &amp;c. May 20, Company I, Captain S. T. Hughes commanding, was detailed as escort to chief of engineers, Department and Army of the Tennessee. May 22, Company B, Captain Mallmann commanding, was detailed as guard to Second Division train. During the engagements at and near Dallas, Ga., the regiment was used as mounted force for pickets, flankers, and such [duty] as was required of mounted troops. On the 26th of May Company I, acting as advance guard of Fifteenth Army Corps, sustained a loss of 1 enlisted man killed. After moving from Dallas, Ga., until at Kenesaw Mountain, the regiment was used in detachments as rear guard, flankers, and pickets. At Kenesaw Mountain the regiment was temporarily dismounted and placed in the skirmish line Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, during seven days of the time of the investment of that place, sustaining a loss of but 1 enlisted man missing (supposed to be killed).

After moving from Kenesaw the regiment was used as guards, pickets, and flankers, and July 4 were sent forward to ascertain the position of the enemy, when they were dismounted and charged the enemy, taking two lines of their rifle-pits. On the right of July 4 was sent out on the right of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and were severely shelled from the enemy's works, but held our position, sustaining no loss. July 6, regiment was ordered to occupy a position to the right of the Sixteenth Army Corps, guarding Baker's Ferry road, on Chattahoochee River, to a point connecting with the left of cavalry pickets, after which, on the 9th, moved to the extreme left of our line, near Roswell, Ga. Crossed Chattahoochee River, fording same July 10, near Roswell, Ga. Regiment remained in position on mile from Chattahoochee River until July 17, acting as

