
pickets and scouts, and skirmishing with the enemy daily. July 17, moved as advance guard of Sixteenth Army Corps to Peach Tree Creek, and in skirmishing with the enemy lost 1 enlisted man killed. July 18, moved as advance guard Sixteenth Army Corps, and in skirmishing with the enemy lost 1 enlisted man wounded. July 19, ordered to Roswell, Ga., as train guard Sixteenth Army Corps wagon train. July 22, having returned as far as Decatur, Ga., with train of Sixteenth Army Corps, assisted in repulsing the attack of the enemy upon that place. July 23, ordered to the front near headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps. July 24, ordered to the rear to reorganize the regiment, &amp;c. July 26, detachment of regiment, whose term of service expired in July, ordered to Chattanooga to be mustered out, and the regiment as reorganized, under command of Captain S. T. Hughes, moved as advance guard of the Army of the Tennessee to the extreme right, near Utoy Creek. For some time the regiment was used as cavalry or mounted force on the extreme right of the army, during which time regiment skirmished with the enemy daily, participating in General Kilpatrick's first raid on the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad. On the evening after returning from said raid, in skirmishing with the enemy, lost 1 enlisted man wounded and 2 taken prisoners. The 17th day of August the regiment was ordered back to Chattahoochee railroad bridge, to have animals reshod, and such other repairs made as were necessary on horses equipments. On the 26th day of August was ordered to cover the rear of the Army of the Tennessee in the retrograde movement from the trenches in front of Atlanta, Ga., during which time the regiment had frequent skirmishes with the enemy. On the 28th of August, in the movement on the rear of Atlanta, the regiment was used as advance guard and flankers for Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, except two companies, which were in advance of the Fifteenth Army Corps. August 29, regiment was used as advance guard of Sixteenth Army Corps while tearing up Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad, skirmishing with the enemy during the day, since when, up to the present date, regiment has been on duty as advance guard, flankers, and pickets.

The following is the summary of the casualties in this command during the campaign: 5 enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 7 men wounded, 18 men prisoners,1 man missing; total, 1 officer and 31 men.

The number captured from the enemy cannot be correctly reported, as they were always immediately turned over to provost-marshal, and their names are not known.

S. T. HUGHES,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant P. P. ELLIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div.

Numbers 542.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Van Sellar, Twelfth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, from Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps headquarters:

On the morning of the 22nd instant the Twelfth Illinois Infantry occupied a position on the left of the brigade, the brigade being

