
on the right of the division and the division on the right of the Army of the Tennessee, before Atlanta, Ga., At 8 a. m. it was ordered to move in the center of the brigade, and accordingly marched toward the left of the Army of the Tennessee. At 9 a. m. the regiment halted, with the brigade, and remained for two hours in a position a mile in rear of the center of the Seventeenth Army Corps. At 11 a. m. received orders to move forward, and in an hour was in line on the right of the brigade and across a valley, which extended to the timber one-quarter of a mile in front. The enemy were often in sight, moving across our front by the flank toward the left. A slight defense was quickly thrown up. The enemy was now advancing from the timber in line, skirmishing as they came. While impatiently awaiting orders to advance, General Dodge rode along the line and ordered "Move your regiment forward and strike the enemy." The regiment immediately moved forward, struck the enemy, and drove them from the valley, killing and wounding a respectable proportion of them, and capturing 30 prisoners. The regiment then received orders to join the brigade in reserve. At 3 p. m. again received orders to move, with the brigade, to the support of the Fifteenth Army Corps at a point one mile and a half distant, on the Augusta railroad.

The day was excessively hot and the command was already much fatigued, but the need was known, and the regiment moved, this time in advance of the brigade, with the promptness the emergency required, and, forming into line on the left of the brigade, charged, with buoyant shouts of victory, and retook that portion of the line of works lost by General Smith's division, and extending from the brick house to the railroad, this time driving the enemy from the two remaining guns of the Chicago battery and capturing 80 prisoners.

After occupying the recaptured works until there was no danger of the rebels attempting to charge them again, the regiment was ordered by General Smith to a position in reserve conveniently near his capricious lines. At 12 m. it was ordered to re-enforce the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, half a mile to the left of the railroad.

Arrived and went into position at 1.30 a. m. 23rd instant in a redoubt. The works were occupied by fragments of many regiments of the Seventeenth Army Corps that happened to wish to fight them, and whom the regiment relieved. The enemy was behind earth-works ten to twenty paces in front. The regiment skirmished with them until 3 p. m., when they retreated.

The conduct of officers and men during the engagement of the 22nd was unexceptionable. I mention this more especially because many of them were non-veterans, their terms expiring on the 31st instant, and the cause of our panic on the 22nd was asserted to be the failure of non-veterans to fight well.

The casualties of the day were 47 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Very respectfully,

HENRY VAN SELLAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

