HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFTY. VOLS.,In the Field, near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 69, from Second Brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report:

May 3, the regiment left camp, sixteen miles from Huntsville, and arrived at Larkinsville, on Decatur railroad, 8 a. m. May 4, from which place went by rail to Chattanooga, arriving at 7 p. m. of same day. Left Chattanooga and marched to Gordon's Mills, fifteen miles distant. Remained in camp during the 6th. 7th, marched to within three miles of Taylor's Gap. 8th, passed the gap and arrived at Snake Creek Gap. 9th, were attached to Colonel Weaver's command to guard train at entrance of gap. During the evening of the 10th joined the brigade at exit of gap. 13th, marched to within two miles of Resaca; went into position; one company deployed as skirmishers on the bank of Oostenaula. 14th, marched to Lay's Ferry; formed in line on the right of brigade, supporting Brunner's, and afterward Arndt's batteries; one company (C) crossed the river; casualties, 20; Lieutenant Farr mortally wounded. 15th, crossed the river; casualties, 2. 16th, advance to Rome Cross-Roads; casualties, 2. 1, remained in camp till 9 p. m., then marched ten miles. 18th, marched, via Adairsville, to within six miles of Kingston. 20th, went on duty, under Colonel Beckwith's orders, in Kingston. Left Kingston 23rd and joined brigade; marched ten miles. 24th, marched to Van Wert. 25th, marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek. 26th, arrived at Dallas. Participated in the engagement of the division on the 27th; casualties, 2. 28th, in reserve all day. 29th, relieved Second Iowa in front works; engaged in repelling rebel assault on work during the night; casualties, 8. 30th, remained in works until evening, when was relieved and became reserve. 31st, engaged in demonstration on enemy's works; casualties. During the night marched three miles to the left; did picket duty until morning of June 2.

June 3, remained in camp. 4th, relieved Fifty-second Illinois and occupied works on extreme left of division. 5th, marched nine miles. 6th, arrived at Acworth. 7th, 8th, and 9th, remained in camp. 10th, marched to Big Shanty. From the 11th to the 22nd remained in camp. 22d, moved to front works and relieved Fifty-second Illinois. 25th, were relieved and moved one miles to the rear. 26th, moved to front works of Fifteenth Army Corps. 27th and 28th, remained in camp. 29th, did picket duty. 30th, mustered for pay.

July 1 and 2, remained in works until evening of 2d, when we marched three miles to right. 3d, marched to Nickajack Creek and went on skirmish line. 4th, participated in engagement of the day; casualties, 5. 5th, marched to Widow Mitchell's plantation. 6th and 7th, remained in camp. 8th, moved to Chattahoochee River. 9th, marched to Marietta. 10th, marched to Roswell and crossed the Chattahoochee River and fortified a position. From 10th to 17th lay in camp. 17th, marched five miles. 18th, marched six miles. 19th, arrived at Decatur. 20th, marched four miles. 21st, in reserve. 22d, moved to left of Army of the Tennessee, engaged the enemy in an open field fight, whipped him, then two miles double-quick to re-enforce Fifteenth Army Corps; with brigade, charged rebels from works they had captured from Fifteenth Army Corps; moved, midnight, and occupied Bald Knob; casualties, 47.

