
23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th, occupied the knob; casualties, 5. During the night of the 26th marched toward the right. 27th, arrived and went into position on the right and built works. 28th, in reserve; re-enforce Fifteenth Army Corps during the battle of that day; casualties, 4.

From 29th up to 7th of August occupied front works; casualties, 1. 7th, did picket duty; casualties, 4. 8th and 9th, remained in camp. 10th, occupied new works one miles in advance. From 10th to 25th occupied these works, during which time the casualties were 23. Evening of the 25th moved two miles. 26th, marched all night; twelve miles. 27th, marched to Squire Jones' plantation. 28th, marched six miles. 29th, destroyed West Point railroad. 30th, marched toward Macon railroad to Flint River. 31st, moved across river to the extreme right; enemy charged on our position, and were repulsed.

September 1, occupied the position of yesterday. 2d, advanced through Jonesborough, to within two miles of Lovejoy's Station. During the execution of these last movements Atlanta was evacuated.

Casualties during campaign: Killed 24, wounded 108, missing 1; total, 133.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY VAN SELLAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant P. P. ELLIS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 543.

Reports of Captain William S. Boyd, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH-SIXTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, July 25, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report;

On the morning of the 22nd instant this regiment, with the Second Brigade, left camp on north side of railroad, near Atlanta, and moved south between one and two miles, where we met the enemy in our front and on our left. Orders were received to form in line of battle and sent out two companies as skirmishers and two companies for support. Companies A and G were deployed, and advance until they met the enemy; then the engagement opened, which continued from one to two hours. The loss of the regiment was 10 killed and 43 wounded.

Soon after the engagement closed we were ordered, with the Second Brigade, to move to support a division in the Fifteenth Army Corps at the works, where the railroad passes through them. We recaptured the works and remained there all night.

As near as can be ascertained, we captured 210 prisoners.

My command behaved themselves well, and many of the enlisted men did credit to themselves. Sergeant Courtney, Company F, and Private Evert, of same company, gathered the colors after two

