
color bearers were shot down, and carried them throughout the day. Were Company F entitled to a second lieutenant, I would recommend Sergeant Courtney to fill the position.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BOYD,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Ga., September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 69, headquarters Second Brigade, I would respectfully make the following report:

This regiment left Pulaski, Tenn., April 29, 1864, Captain W. S. Boyd commanding, Colonel Burke being in command of the Second Brigade; marched some fifteen miles and camped on the south side of Elk River. Marched twelve miles on the 30th, and twelve miles on May 1; arriving at Huntsville, Ala., same day. Left Huntsville on the morning of the 2d; marched fifteen miles and went into camp. Marched eighteen on the 3d. On the morning of the 4th we arrived at Larkinsville, and went aboard of the cars; arrived at Chattanooga same night. On the morning of the 5th we left Chattanooga, advancing with the army south. On the evening of the 5th we camped on the battle-field of Chickamauga. Remained there until the morning of the 7th, moving out on the Rome road; marched twelve miles and went into camp. Moved out on the morning of the 8th, marching all day. We entered Snake Creek Gap about dark, and marched through the gap during the night. On the morning of the 9th regiment was ordered in haste to the front. As soon as we arrived at the front the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced. We soon came the rebel cavalry, driving them before us into Resaca (six miles), killing and capturing 76 rebels. At night we were ordered back to the gap, moving behind a line of works already thrown up. We remained there until the 13th, when we advanced again on Resaca, being on the right of the army. We lay all night a few miles below Resaca. On the morning of the 14th we moved down the Oostenaula River to Lay's Ferry, six miles below Resaca. When within one mile of the ferry, the regiment was ordered on the double-quick to the front to assisting laying a pontoon train over the river. After heavy skirmishing the boats were launched, and two companies, with some other companies of the brigade, crossed over the river. The crossing was effected about dark. All who had crossed were then ordered to recross. We moved back from the river, and lay all night. On the morning of the 15th we were again ordered to cross the river. Companies A and B were the first troops to cross the river. The whole command soon crossed, and threw up a line of works, sending out Company H as skirmishers. The enemy soon made a charge upon our lines, and, after a few minutes' engagement, the enemy was repulsed, with considerable loss. We followed up a short distance, and rested until morning; then sent out three com-

