
taking the works, and capturing 17 prisoners. We had 8 men wounded. The regiment was then ordered over the enemy's works, and to advance as far as practicable. We advanced about half a mile, when the enemy opened a battery upon us, and we fell back to the rebel lines captured by us, where we remained all night. On the 5th the command move to the right; rested during the night and all day the 6th. On the 7th the regiment was ordered to the Chattahoochee River, near Sandtown. Our pickets occupied the north side of the river and the enemy on the south side. We remained there until the morning f the 9th, when we were ordered back to Marietta, some sixteen miles. We reached there about midnight. Early on the morning of the 10th we moved ahead again; passing through Roswell and crossing the Chattahoochee River, we occupied the hill, throwing up a line of works. In two days we moved from the extreme right to the extreme left. We occupied our works until the 18th, when we advanced again; camped for the night. On the morning of the 19th the regiment was sent out in advance as skirmishers. On the same day we occupied Decatur, Ga.; six companies sent out on picket during the night. On the 20th the command advanced toward Atlanta; we moved three miles. On the 21st we advanced again a short distance. On the 22nd we were ordered to move to the extreme left. After marching two miles we met the enemy's pickets. Their force soon made an attack upon our lines. We had a severe engagement, lasting near two ours. The enemy was repulsed and withdrew from the field. Our loss was 20 killed and 44 wounded; we captured 210 prisoner. As soon as the engagement was over here the command was ordered to support a division in the Fifteenth Army Corps. We double-quick some two miles and recaptured the works taken by the enemy. On the 23rd we rested, and on the 24th the regiment was engaged in tearing up the railroad from Atlanta to Decatur. On the 25th we sent out one company on the skirmish line. On the evening of the 26th the command began to move to the extreme right of the army. Continued to march on the 27th, and when coming onto the rebel pickets the regiment was ordered onto the skirmish line, driving the enemy's pickets over one mile. Sent two companies on picket that night. We rested on the 28th. On the 29th a part of the regiment was on fatigue duty, chopping. On the 30th and 31st we lay behind our works.

We lay quiet on the 1st, 2d, and 3rd of August, On the 4th Companies C, D H, and I were sent out to advance the picket-line; the work was accomplished. The regiment was out all day on the 5th, and was relieved on the 6th. On the 7th six companies were sent onto the skirmish line, and four companies on fatigue throwing up works. On the 8th the regiment was sent out again for the purpose of advancing he lines. The job was accomplished; lost 1 man, killed. August 9, we moved up and threw up a new line of works. August 10, we lay in camp. On the 11th five companies were sent out to advance the lines again. In doing so we lost 2 killed and 5 wounded, and captured 8 prisoners. From the 12th to the 25th we occupied the same works, sending out one company daily on picket. On the night of the 25th we moved with the army of the right some two miles, and remained there until of the 26th. We are moving to flank Atlanta, cutting loose from our communications. We marched all night of the 26th. Remained in camp all day. Started out again on the morning of the 28th. On the 29th we marched onto the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, and de-

