
stroyed some ten miles of the road on each side of Fairburn, marching back to camp same evening. On the morning of the 30th we marched toward Jonesborough, on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. We camped on Flint River for the night, some two miles from Jonesborough. On the 31st we took a position in line of battle in front of Jonesborough. The enemy made an attack upon our line three times, and were driven back each time with severe loss. We took 16 prisoners and lost 1 officer, killed.

We remained in the same position all night and all day the 1st of September, having out three companies on skirmish line. On the morning of the 2nd our pickets advanced into Jonesborough. We soon after took up our line of march through the town, and about five miles south, when we camped upon the enemy, who were retreating. Four companies were thrown out a skirmishers, and the balance of the regiment moved after for support. We routed the enemy out of their rifle-pits, capturing 3 prisoners. The regiment lay in line all night and a part of next day, when we were ordered to the right. We took position, and threw up a line of works that evening. We remained there until the evening of the 5th, when we returned to Jonesborough, where we arrived on the morning of the 6th. We now occupy our old works, the same we did on the 31st.

The following are the casualties during the campaign, from April 29 to September 6, 1864: Commissioned officers - killed and died of wounds, 6; wounded, 6; total, 12. Enlisted men - killed and died of wounds, 38; missing in action, 13; wounded in action, 140; total, 203. Total number of prisoners captured, 254.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

WM. S. BOYD,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant P. P. ELLIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 544.

Report of Captain William C. Henry, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FIRST OHIO INFANTRY,In the Field, Ga., September 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 69, paragraph II, issued from headquarters Second Brigade September 5, 1864, I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this command during the present campaign up to this date:

April 29, the regiments, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. N. Adams, left Pulaski, Tenn., with 27 commissioned officers and 655 enlisted men, and marched to Larkinsville, Ala., where it arrived on the 4th of May, from which point it was transported by rail to chattanooga, Tenn., arriving there the same evening. On the 5th marched to Lee's and Gordon's Mills, twelve miles south of Chattanooga, where it remained until the morning of the 7th, obtaining clothing, &amp;c., when it again resumed the march, and arrived at Snake Creek Gap, Ga., on the evening of the 8th. The following morning left the gap and advanced toward Resaca, Ga., moving in rear of the Sixty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers as a

