
support, they being deployed as skirmishers. Arrived in front of Resaca about 12 m., having driven the enemy steadily before us from a distance of seven miles, when the regiment was ordered to the right of the Sixty-sixth Illinois and four companies deployed as skirmishers, at which point the regiment remained until dark, when, with its brigade, it returned to the gap. Loss, 1 killed. Remained at Snake Creek Gap until the 13th, when the regiment again advanced to Resaca and was held in reserve, with the exception of Company H, which was deployed as skirmishers on the banks of the Oostenaula River, on the right of our lines, and drove the enemy from the opposite side. 14th, the regiment, with its division, ordered to Lay's Ferry, when the regiments, receiving orders to cross the Oostenaula River in pontoon boats, made a charge to the banks of the stream, under a heavy fire from the enemy, they holding a strong position on the opposite shore. The command immediately commenced crossing. Companies B and C being the first over, when, under command of Captain Williams H. Chamberlain, a charge was made, driving the enemy from their position. Companies A, E, F, and H soon followed. Soon as they landed Captain W. H. Hill, being the senior officer, assumed commanded of the six companies and ordered another charge, driving the enemy from his front and flanks. At dark orders were received to withdraw the command, which was quietly done, without the knowledge of the enemy. Total loss during the action, 18-3 killed, 14 wounded, and 1 missing. Number of prisoners captured, 24-3 of whom were commissioned officers. To the officers and men of these six companies who crossed in pontoon boats too much praise cannot be bestowed upon them for the heroic manner in which they defended themselves against superior numbers, and succeeded in crossing the Oostenaula River under a murderous fire from the enemy. On the 15th again advanced and recrossed the Oostenaula River, and took up a position in rear of the Twelfth Illinois. On the 16th, the enemy having evacuated Resaca, the regiment, with its brigade, ordered in pursuit, and, after proceeding three miles, and when near Rome Cross-Roads, became engaged with the enemy. In this action the regiment was divided into three different detachments, acting as a support to the Sixty-sixth Illinois, which was deployed as skirmishers, the respective detachments being under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, Major Evans, and Captain William H. Hill. The enemy pressing forward in superior numbers, each detachment soon became engaged, and, after making several charges, checked the enemy's advance for some time,when he began flanking the regiment on the right and left, when orders were received from Brigadier-General Sweeny, commanding division, to fall back, which was done in good order. Loss, 16 wounded and 2 missing. 17th, resumed march, the enemy having fallen back during the night. 19th, arrived at Kingston, Ga., and remained there until the 23d, when the regiment again resumed march, and arrived at Dallas, Ga., on the 26th. On the night of the 29th, while the regiment was in the front line, the enemy charged upon the works several times, but were repulsed on each occasion. On the night of the 31st the regiment, with its brigade, marched three miles to the left, and relieved Colonel Mitchell's brigade, General Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

June 1, the army having fallen back to a new position, the regiment left the works about 12 m., and moved back to the new line,

