
in a loss of 6 killed and 34 wounded. August 29, regiment, with brigade, engaged in destroying Montgomery and Atlanta Railroad. August 31, regiment arrived near Jonesborough, Ga., and took position on the right of our lines. During the day the enemy charged upon the works three different times and were repulsed with heavy loss.

September 2, the enemy having retreated, the regiment, with its brigade and division, started in pursuit on the following morning, and, after proceeding four miles and a half south of Jonesborough, formed line of battle and advanced against the enemy, taking one line of rifle-pits. September 4, the regiment, with its brigade and corps, moved to the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps, which position it now occupies.

In the various battles and skirmishes which have taken place since the 9th of May the officers and enlisted men of this command have conducted themselves in the most gallant manner, and are worthy of great praise for the cheerful manner in which they have obeyed all orders and endured the hardships of this campaign.

Loss during the campaign: Commissioned officers - killed, 2; wounded, 5. Enlisted men - killed, 20; wounded, 133; missing in action, 5. Total, 165.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CLAY HENRY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant P. P. ELLIS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 545.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert N. Adams, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY VOLS.,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the action of the 22nd ultimo:

At 9 a. m. on the 22nd the regiment was ordered, with the brigade, to the extreme left of the position occupied by the Seventeenth Army Corps. Arriving within a few hundred yards of that position, it was halted, with the brigade, and there rested an hour and a half, when it was ordered forward 100 yards into an open field, and, with the brigade, formed into line of battle, facing in a southeasterly direction, in the following order: Twelfth Illinois on the right, Sixty-sixth illinois on the left, and the Eighty-first Ohio in the center and in rear of the Fourteenth Ohio Battery, the line forming almost a right angle with works occupied by the troops on the extreme left of the Seventeenth Army Corps. These dispositions were accomplished just in the nick of time, for the enemy immediately advanced upon us in heavy force, and a severe engagement ensued. The enemy steadily advanced, under a withering fire, until within a few yards of our lines, when he began to waver, whereupon, by direction of General Dodge, the regiment, with the brigade, moved forward, charged the enemy, and drove him from the field, with heavy loss. The

