
Eighty-first Ohio in this charge captured 2 stand of colors and 226 prisoners. At 2 p. m. the regiment was ordered, with the brigade, to a position on the right of the Augusta and Atlanta Railroad. Moving in double-quick time a distance of one mile and a quarter, the brigade was then formed in line of battle, Sixty-sixth Illinois on the right, Eighty-first Ohio in the center, and the Twelfth Illinois on the left, resting on the railroad. A charge was then ordered and made by the entire brigade, resulting in the retaking of a line of works from which the Second Brigade, Second division, Fifteenth Army Corps, had been previously driven, and the recapture of four 20-pounder Parrott guns, of Captain De Gress' battery, and a large number of small-arms. In this charge the Eighty-first Ohio captured 20 prisoners, making the total number of prisoners captured by the regiment during the day 255. The loss of the regiment on both fields was 11 killed, 52 wounded, and 3 missing, including 2 commissioned officers killed and 1 wounded. At 2 a. m. [23d] the regiment, with the Twelfth Illinois, was ordered to a position to the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and as support to General Leggett's division, of the Seventeenth Army Corps, which was then considered the most critical point in the line. The regiment remained in this position until the 26th, when it was ordered to rejoin its corps.

No special mention can be made of any officers and enlisted men of this command, all having conducted themselves on every part of the field they were called upon to act in the most gallant manner.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 546.

Report of Colonel Richard Rowett, Seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Incompliance with orders from headquarters Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, dated September 8, 1864, and received the 11th instant, I would respectfully submit the following report:

This brigade left Athens, Ala., on the 30th of April last, under command of Colonel M. M. Bane, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, and was comprised of the Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, Thirty-ninth Infantry, and Captain Arndt's battery (B), First Michigan Artillery, the Seventh Illinois Infantry having been detached by order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, and doing duty on the Tennessee River, from Decatur, Ala., to Eastport, Tenn. Marched to Limestone Creek first day, eleven miles.

On the 1st May moved to Huntsville, Ala., and May 2 crossed Flint Creek and camped near Gurley's farm, seventeen miles. May 3, passed through Woodsville, to within five miles of Larkinsville. May 4, reached Larkinsville at 8 a. m., and took the cars for Chattanooga, Tenn., arriving at 11 p. m. May 5, moved forward and

