
camped on Chickamauga Creek, near Gordon's Mills. May 7, moved forward on La Fayette road, and camped near Middle Chickamauga Creek. May 8, crossed Taylor's Ridge At Mattock's Gap, and reached Villanow; found Kilpatrick's cavalry brigade; went into camp near center of Snake Creek Gap. May 9, reached mouth of gap about 7 a. m. The Ninth Illinois had just been driven back. The Sixty-sixth Illinois was deployed as skirmishers, this brigade supporting them; advanced, whipping the enemy, and pressing him until reaching the hill around Resaca, about noon; skirmished until dark; built fires, and retired to mouth of Snake Creek Gap, camping at midnight. May 10, details busy throwing up intrenchments across mouth of gap; ordered inside of intrenchments awaiting an attack. May 13, moved at 7 a. m., reaching vicinity of Resaca about noon; this brigade in reserve. May 14, moved at daylight, reaching Lay's Ferry about 10 a. m. Second Brigade crossed one miles below. First Brigade made demonstration on ferry; this brigade in reserve. Rebels shelled hotly; brigade was ordered to Calhoun Ferry, reaching there at dusk. May 15, made demonstration on Calhoun Ferry; 2 men wounded; ordered to Lay's Ferry; found First and Second Brigades across the river; moved across and one mile beyond; busy all night fortifying. May 16, moved forward, advancing some three miles; brisk skirmishing all the way; found the enemy in force, skirmishing until 4 p. m., when the enemy made severe attack on second Brigade; command fell back half a mile and camped. Loss, 1 killed and 1 officer and 20 men wounded. May 17, was passed by train of Fifteenth Army Corps; marched until, 2 a. m. May 18, moved, passing Adairsville, and camped 1 a. m. May 19, reached Kingston, Ga., [at] sundown, camping near the town. May 22, received orders, 4 a. m, to move to Rome, and arrived there 5 p. m., and have since formed the garrison, or a portion of the garrison, of the place. Total loss of brigade during the above movements, 3 killed and 27 wounded.

I will also add: The seventh Illinois Infantry (being mounted) wa, on the 1st of May, patrolling the Tennessee River from Decatur to Eastport, with headquarters at Florence, Ala. On the 7th a portion of Roddey's rebel force succeeded in crossing and capturing a part of the picket-post at Bainbridge Ferry about daylight. A part of the regiment available (a portion being at Centre Star) was sent to meet the enemy, and a sharp skirmish ensued, which resulted in the regiment being forced to leave Florence, with a loss of 3 officers and 32 men captured, 1 man wounded. After inflicting severe loss on the enemy, and retarding considerably his advance, returned, by way of Lawrenceburg, to Pulaski, and thence to Athens, where the regiment, joined by the Ninth Ohio cavalry, moved toward Florence, forcing the enemy to cross the river at Coffee's Island after a sharp skirmish; 2 of the enemy killed and 16 captured. The enemy also evacuated Florence, evading an attack, crossing the river below Florence. Remainder of the month the regiment patrolled on Elk River and toward Florence.

June 16, the regiment was dismounted, and left Athens, joining the brigade at Rome, July 9.

R. ROWETT,

Colonel Seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 16th Army Corps.

30 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

