
was the enemy coming through the woods, but afterward proved to be citizens seeking protection. This picket-firing caused me to order Lieutenant Hubbard to return, it being my instructions to hold the tank at all hazards. The construction train spoken of had gone up to dalton, and was returning with a force from there. They disembarked at the tank and marched down the railroad; it was then dark. On the next morning I visited the scene and found it to be two miles and a alf below the tank or my camp. The locomotive was thrown off the track into the ditch on the left side of the road. The cars all remained on the track, but were entirely consumed by fire. I found a rail had been removed from the road and carried about 100 yards into the wood. My men found - of the men in the woods dead who had been killed in the action the previous evening. Citizens reported another killed and 2 wounded.

There are the entire facts in the case, all of which I would respectfully submit.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

S. E. LAWYER,

Captain, Commanding Detachment at Keith's Tank, July 5, 1864.

Major GEORGE H. EASTBROOK,

Seventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 548.

Report of Captain frederick Welker, Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Second Division, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,July 20 [30], 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of July 22, 1864:

Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, Lieutenant A. T. Blodgett commanding, was ordered to take position in an open field. The time for choosing position was very limited; everything had to be done speedily. The battery had not been in position more than five minutes before the enemy's charging columns of infantry made their appearance in the open field. The promptness with which every order was obeyed by the officer commanding the battery proved that confidence had not been misplaced. Lieutenant A. T. Blodgett on this occasion proved that he was an able and competent commander. Lieutenant John F. Brunner, commanding right section, was placed in a very exposed position, and the able manner with which he commanded his section is deserving of especial mention. Lieutenant Dennis McCarthy, commanding left section, did all that an officer could do.

In short I am thankful to every officer and soldier of the battery for the able, brave, and cool manner in which each and every one performed his duty, I cannot, however, pass over without making special mention of the conduct of First Sergt. John L. Bascom, commanding line of caissons, and Sergt. Seth Calhoun, who was wounded through the neck and arm, but did not leave the field. Both of these

