
sergeants displayed a great amount of bravery, and I would respectfully recommend both for promotion.

for further particulars I would respectfully refer you to the report of the battery commander, herewith inclosed.

Killed,1; wounded, 7. Killed, 3 horses; wounded, 5.

Very respectfully,

F. WELKER,

Commanding, and Chief of Artillery.

Major W. H. ROSS,

Chief of Artillery, Left Wing, 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 549.

Reports of Lieutenant Andrew T. Blodgett, Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, commanding Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY H, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY.,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., May 20, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by Welker's battery in the engagement at Oosteanula River, on the 14th and 15th of May, as follows:

Was ordered to take position about - p. m. on the 14th, which I did by immediately coming into battery on the crest of a ridge, about 600 yards from the north bank of the river. Although this was the best position that could be obtained, it was far inferior to that held by the enemy, as between us and their battery a heavy skirt of timber intervened, which completely his them from view. Hardly had we reached our position, and before we were ready for action, they opened on us with shell and solid shot. The first volley from their guns proved that we would have to contend with an enemy perfectly acquainted with our position and distance, while we would be compelled to fire more at random, having only the smoke of their guns, as it ascend above the trees, to show us his position. Being ordered to fire at all hazards, as it was necessary to attract their attention in that direction, we opened a brisk fire with solid shot and shell. This we continued until the fire from the enemy's batteries ceased. Later in the day, our skirmishers having driven their sharpshooters from the bank of the river, I moved the left half battery farther to the front and close to the river, from which position we had a clear view of the field in our front, and over which the enemy was passing. Here we gave them several volleys at 800 to 1,100 yards range as they retired into the timber. The enemy having now entirely left the field, we ceased firing and remained in position until dark, when we were recalled. During the action of the 14th Corpl. L. M. Presler was wounded in coming into action by a gun carriage running over his arm and leg; Private William F. Gauger was wounded in the breast by the explosion of a shell; 1 horse killed and 3 wounded by the explosion of shell. On the 15th was ordered into the last position held on the previous day. The enemy's skirmishers now advance across the open field in our front, and some of them occupied the rifle-pits on the opposite bank. Was ordered to drive them back, which we did with a few well-aimed volleys of case-shot. We now continued firing at intervals until about - o'clock, when the enemy charged our line in force. We opened

