
volleys in quick succession from six pieces, using case and solid shot. The enemy retired in confusion, and we ceased firing. In the action of the 15th lost 1 horse wounded by a musket-ball.

During the actions of the 14th and 15th the men of the company, without an exception, behaved with commendable coolness and bravery. Although they could not have been placed under a more severe fire than that of the 14th, not a man flinched; every man remained at his post, performing his duties promptly and correctly. The recruits, who never before had smelt gunpowder, seemed to relish the fun.

Of Lieutenant McCarthy, who has command of the left half battery, I cannot speak too highly. For the manner in which he performed his duties he deserves great credit. By the coolness, courage and judgment which he has displayed he has proven himself a most efficient artillery officer.

I would also mention the non-commissioned officers, as having performed their duties, which in this branch of the service are by no means trifling, with credit to themselves.

The following is a list officers and enlisted men of my command engaged:*

Very respectfully,

A. T. BLODGETT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. H, First Missouri Light Arty.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division.
HDQRS. BATTERY H, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, in the engagement of the 22nd of July, 1864, as follows:

Was ordered into battery on the crest of a gently sloping hill, with the right section thrown a little to the right, the left sweeping a ravine extending obliquely to the right and front, the center joining the left and commanding the hill in front. Shortly after gaining the position the enemy was seen moving in heavy columns to the left and across the ravine above mentioned. Left section opened, and for several volleys had a clear open fire, doing terrible execution. About this time the enemy appeared in our front, in heavy charging columns. No sooner did their lines appear than they were welcomed with a volley of canister from the six pieced. During this charge the men, without an exception, stood nobly by their guns. Although they were exposed without cover to the enemy's fire, they worked them with incredible rapidity. It was here that Sergt. Frank O'Donnell fell, while bravely commanding his piece. Two of his men were also carried from the field about the same time, leaving but a corporal and three men to work the gun, which they did with a will, until the firing was ordered to cease. The enemy having now entirely disappeared from our front, we changed our front to the rear on the left piece and opened on their columns, now advancing from the right. They quickly sought protection in the timber, where for some time we

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) embraces 19 officers and 101 privates.

---------------

