
continued shelling them, the shells bursting handsomely. Later in the day Sergeant O'Donnell's piece, now commanded by Corporal Cook, was moved to the right, and in a position to sweep a ravine in which the enemy was again attempting to form.

I am not able to give the exact time which the battery was engaged, but it was for several hours of constant firing. During the engagement I fired a total of 486 rounds of ammunition.

List of casualties,* Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery: Killed, 1; wounded, 7; also, 3 horses killed and 5 wounded.

I would respectfully give the names of the following enlisted men entitled to special mention, viz: Sergt. Seth Calhoun, who, notwithstanding a painful wound in the neck, ably commanded his piece during the day; Sergt. John L. Bascom, commanding line of caissons; Sergt. Fred. Strottle and John Dennan, Corpls. L. M. Presler, Harry De Wolfe, [and] --- Cook, chiefs of pieces; Corpls. Hiram Carroll, William Williamson, John Doblinger, George O. Harris, [and] V. A. Welton, gunners; Privates I. J. Curtis, W. F. Gauger, M. Christianson, [and] J. D. Meyers.

Indeed, there are many others deserving especial mention for their brave conduct, and, in fact, there were none who did not as well, but as it is impossible to make a thorough distinction, I have only mentioned those who were place in such positions that their conduct would be particularly noticed. Of the officers assisting me, I need only say that their sections could not have been more ably commanded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

A. T. BLODGETT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.
HDQRS. BATTERY H, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY.,In the Field, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 40, headquarters First Brigade, the operations of my command from May 3, 1864, to the present time, noting the incidents of the march, so far as i remember them. As I kept no diary I can only give the principal events, such as particularly affected the company, without giving the distances marched each day, &amp;c.

On the night of the 3rd of may encamped one mile from Larkinsville, and received orders to have the battery at the railway station to embark at 9 a. m. on the next morning. On the morning of the 4th embarked on the train, and at 8 p. m. of the same day disembarked at Chattanooga, Tenn. Left Chattanooga on the morning of the 5th and bivouacked on Chickamauga Creek, at Gordon's Mills. Marched out of camp at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 7th, and went into park at midnight of the 8th in the mouth of Snake Creek Gap. Marched on Resaca on the 9th, coming into battery several times, but were not engaged, and the same night marched back to the gap. On the night of the 10th moved into works which we occupied until the morning of the 13th, when we moved forward, with the command, to attack Resaca. Were ordered into battery by Gen-

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

