
eral Rice on an old field, to command the ground to my right and front. Afterward, the line advancing, we were again ordered into battery in a peach orchard near a farm house. The next and last position occupied on that day was on a high point commanding a heavy skirt of timber extending along --- Creek. That night we encamped in front of Resaca. Up to this time we had lost no men. On the 14th marched toward Lay's Ferry, reached a house one mile from the river and left the caissons, moving with the pieces and went into battery on the crest of a hill 400 yards from the river, where we had a severe artillery duel, which lasted about two hours. In this engagement we suffered as follows: Corpl. L. M. Presler wounded; Private William F Cauger wounded in breast by fragment of shell; 2 horses were killed, and the guidon was torn to pieces by a solid shot. We received an order from General Rice to withdraw at dusk, and following --- Regiment, encamped one mile and a half from the river. On the 15th moved again toward the river, following the --- Regiment. Arriving near the ferry, received an order from General Rice to move to the front at a trot. We went into battery near the bank of the river, and opened on the enemy's skirmishers, and continued the fire at intervals until the enemy charged our lines, when we opened across the front of the Seventh Iowa, who were then at right angles with us, advancing to meet the enemy. In the action of this day I lost but 1 horse, killed. At 11 a. m. of the 16th we across the river following the --- Regiment. At Rome Cross-Roads se came into battery on the reserve line. Enemy's battery opened on caissons, teams, ambulances, &amp;c., parked in front of us. General Rice ordered one section onto a commanding point looking to the left. We were not engaged during the day. From this date to the 26th of May I am forced to leave a blank, as I have not the notes from which to get the several halts, distances marched, &c. On the evening of the 26th we went into camp at Dallas, Ga., and on the morning of the 27th moved into position with four pieces. At 6.20 opened on the enemy's skirmish reserves, fire sixty-two rounds, and ceased. At 2 o'clock the next morning moved to the advance line and occupied a fort built for my battery, the Sixty-sixth Indiana on my right, the Second Iowa on my left. On the afternoon of the 28th the enemy charged the line in force, but was driven back with great loss. Moved out of the fort at 9 p. m., and halted one mile in rear of the line and at 11 p. m. received orders to return to the same position to be in readiness to receive an attack at midnight. We were in action during the night of the 29th. The enemy advanced a line to within 300 yards of our line, and opened a brisk fire of musketry. In the engagements at Dallas I lost as follows: Corp. V. A. Welton, wounded in hand; Private Adam Hill wounded in shoulder; Private Peters wounded. During the time we were at Dallas our horses suffered greatly for want of food and rest. For three days they had nothing but browse, while at one time they stood in harness for four days. The battery was next engaged in front of the Kenesaw Mountains. On the 16th of June we were ordered to the front line. I sent Lieutenant McCarthy's section to the advanced line, and formed the remaining four pieces, as ordered by Captain F. Welker, on the reserve line, supported by the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, On the 17th, 18th, and 19th was engaged, losing, however, neither men nor horses. On the 19th I again reported back to the Second Division, and went into a position on the reserve line near Big Shanty.

