
we have passed, I cannot but mention them with words of praise to the general commanding; ever ready, ever willing they have at all times proven themselves. Nor need I want for deeds of daring and examples of bravery of which to speak. On the 14th of May I saw these brave men stand up in an open field, without cover of any kind, and fight the enemy for three hours in his masked works. On the 5th I was them hurl death and confusion into the enemy's charging columns. At Dallas, for four days and nights, they lay under the most terrible fire from rebel sharpshooters without a moment's rest. Again, at the foot of Kenesaw they occupied an advanced position on the line. On the 4th of July they were engaged on the extreme right of the army. Again, on the 22nd of July, a day ever to be remembered by the Sixteenth Corps, Battery H was not silent. Right bravely did they work their pieces whenever the enemy dared to show himself. In front of Atlanta the task allotted us was by no means as easy one. Never did a battery live under a more severe artillery fire than that to which we were subjected on the 12th of August. Without a particle of assistance we silenced three rebels batteries occupying superior works and already acquainted with our position and distance. On the 31st of August, our last engagement, the men of my command were again called upon to face a rebel charge, nor did their conduct on this day cast a shade upon former achievements. The efficiency of their fire is proven by the number of dead found upon the field and the traces of any more removed. In addition to this, they have marched day and night, many times without forage for horses, and often on half rations, and not a murmur has been heard. As cheerfully have they labored, as they manfully fought, and for this they deserve the respect of their commanding general.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BLODGETT,

First Lieutenant, 39th Iowa Infantry, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 550.

Reports of Brigadier General John W. Fuller, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of July 22, before Atlanta:

The day prior to the battle I had been ordered to send one brigade to Decatur, a village five miles east of our lines, to garrison that place. I accordingly ordered Colonel (now General) J. W. Sprague, commanding the Second Brigade, to proceed there, directing him to report to Major-General Dodge for detailed instructions. During the afternoon of the same day I was ordered to proceed with the remaining brigade and to report to Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps. The Fourteenth Ohio Battery was to await orders from Major-General Dodge. Light Company F, Second U. S. Artillery, was to march with me, also my corps of pioneers. Reporting to General Blair, that officer sent a member of his staff to conduct me to that part of the line held by Brigadier-General

