
crest of a ridge, aided by the Fourteenth [Ohio Battery, which threw shells incessantly over our men into the rebel ranks, made it so hot that the enemy was eventually compelled to withdraw. And here let me say this Ohio battery (Lieutenant Laird), in position across the ravine on my left (in rear after our change of front), did more toward defeating the enemy than is often accomplished by six guns. Every discharge seemed to tell, and the battery was very active throughout the battle. Light Company F, Second U. S. Artillery, was at the beginning of the action in the line of the Seventeenth Corps. I sent my chief of artillery to get it relieved, and then to order it to report to me. Some delay occurred in relieving it, and it never reported. I learned after the battle that it was captured by the enemy while attempting to rejoin me, on the same road, and not far from the spot, where General McPherson was killed.

After the enemy had retired from my front he was reported in heavy force to the right and rear, and was still fighting the Seventeenth Corps, whose line was now nearly at right angles with its original position. To form connection with the left of this corps I was ordered to take a position to the right of the Second Division, Sixteenth Corps, which had now changed front to rear on its left battalion, and, if possible, to cover the space between that division and the Seventeenth Corps. Accordingly, after removing my own wounded, I moved to the position indicated, and, so far as my command was concerned, the battle had closed. This movement enabled the rebels to return and carry off their wounded and many of their dead. Such as were not removed (viz, 79 bodies) we buried the following morning.

It is impossible for me to state accurately the number of prisoners captured by the command, as they were sent in squads to the rear during the battle. From the best evidence I can get, I think we sent to the rear about 200. The map which accompanies this report, marked B,* will show the position occupied by the several regiments when the enemy was being driven a second time into the woods. The plan marked C* shows our position at about 2 p. m., and that marked D* the line occupied after the battle. The detailed report of casualties, already forwarded, shows that our loss was severe, viz:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.

18th Missouri	 ...	 ...	 1	 15	 ...	 9

Infantry

Volunteers

27th Ohio	 ...	 19	 6	 105	 ...	 ...

39th Ohio	 ...	 15	 5	 98	 ...	 5

64th Illinois	 2	 11	 5	 60	 ...	 8

Total First	 2	 45	 17	 278	 ...	 21

Brigade

14th Ohio	 ...	 2 	 ...	 6	 ...	 ...

Battery

Light Company	 ...	 2 	 ...	 ...	 2 	 21

F, 2nd U. S.

Artillery

Total	 ...	 4	 ...	 6	 2	 21

No command ever behaved with more gallantry than did the officers and men to whom this report relates. Colonel Morrill, who had recently assumed command of the brigade, was wounded at the beginning of the action, but he did not leave the field until second

---------------

* See pp. 480, 481, 482, respectively.

---------------

