
wound, a few minutes later, compelled him to withdraw. I need not stop to bestow praise on the regimental commanders. I have related what their regiments accomplished - that with a single line they broke and routed the enemy's double line in their front, and when, immediately thereafter, assailed by fresh troops in flank, they turned and drove them also from the field. Let this simple statement be the record of their valor.

It gives me pleasure, in connection with the foregoing, to refer to the operations of the Second Brigade, as shown by the accompanying report of Colonel (now Brigadier General) J. W. Sprague. While we were fighting the enemy's infantry near Atlanta a very large force of his cavalry endeavored to envelop Colonel Sprague's detached command at Decatur, and to possess themselves of our supply trains moving in his rear. That Colonel Sprague saved our train and brought off his command in good order is well known; that he handled his command skillfully, and that they fought bravely, the reports will fully prove. I will not attempt to praise an officer who is deservedly held in such high esteem as is Brigadier-General Sprague, but respectfully submit his own report of his engagement with the enemy.

The detailed report of casualties, already forwarded, shows a loss in this brigade as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command. 	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.

25th Wisconsin	 ...	 9	 9	 42	 ...	 45

Infantry

35th New	 ...	 1	 ...	 17	 2	 37

Jersey

43rd Ohio	 ...	 ... 	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...

63rd Ohio	 1	 7	 4	 46	 1	 33

Total	 1	 17	 13	 105	 3	 115

This makes the total loss in the division for the day as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 rs.

First Brigade	 2	 45	 17	 278	 ...	 22

Second	 1	 17	 13	 105	 3	 117

Brigade

Artillery	 .... 	 4	 ...	 6 	 2	 21

Total	 3	 66	 30	 389 	 5	 160

I must not omit to acknowledge my obligations to my staff (whose names cannot appear elsewhere) for services rendered in this hard fought battle. Captain Daniel Weber, acting adjutant, Captain O. W. Pollock, inspector, and Captain George Robinson, chief of artillery, were all on the field throughout the action, and were distinguished for coolness and promptness in the discharge of the duties assigned them.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN W. FULLER,

Brigadier General, Commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Corps.

Major J. W. BARNES, A. A. G., Left Wing, Sixteenth Corps.

