
skirmishing was kept up continually, and our lines were advanced some 500 yards, from which position we were enabled to use our artillery with very considerable effect.

On the 4th of August Brigadier-General Ransom was assigned to the command of the division, but on the same month, Major-General Dodge being severely wounded, General Ransom assumed command of the Left Wing of the corps, leaving the writer again in command of the division. On the 8th of August the Third Brigade, which had been on duty at Decatur, Ala., rejoined the division and took its place in the front line, bearing cheerfully their part in the toils and dangers of the campaign. August 20, the Seventeenth New York (Colonel Grower) was transferred to the Fourteenth Army Corps, and the Tenth Illinois (Colonel Tillson) being assigned to the Sixteenth Corps, took the place of the Seventeenth New York in the Third Brigade. The record of this regiment, though belonging properly to the history of the Fourth Army Corps, will be found among the accompanying papers, and is one which the regiment may refer to with satisfaction. August 24, arrangements were made to enable the Army of the Tennessee to swing to the extreme right flank. A line of works was constructed, running nearly at right angles with that occupied for some weeks, to cover our left flank pending the movement. By daylight on the 26th the troops were all withdrawn to this new line, and about midnight following all were in motion. On the 28th we encamped near Shanda Church, on the Montgomery railroad, and during the following day we marched about two miles to the south of Fairburn and assisted in thoroughly destroying the railroad for a space of six or eight miles. On the 30th of August we marched to within two miles of Jonesborough, and the next day fortified our position near Flint River. The enemy attacking our lines during the day, a brigade of the division was sent to re-enforce the command of General Corse, but the enemy was speedily repulsed and they did not participate in the action.

During the night of September 1 the enemy retired from our front and orders were soon issued to follow him. He was found in position, well intrenched, about five miles from Jonesborough. The lines were formed, leaving this division in reserve. On the 3rd instant we went into position, faced to the west, on the extreme right flank of the army, and here received the welcome order announcing the fall of Atlanta and the close of the campaign. On the afternoon of the 5th the division went into position, occupying works constructed to cover the withdrawal of the army. During the night the Seventeenth Army Corps and the Second Division of the Sixteenth, passed through our lines to the rear, and at daylight on the morning of the 6th we followed, serving as rear guard for the right column of the army, halting near Jonesborough. On the morning of the 7th we marched to near Morrow's Mill, and on the following day reached East Point, where the command is now encamped.

As I close this report I am conscious that I have failed to do justice to the division I have the honor temporarily to command, especially so as I recall the many instances of heroic fortitude and courage which it has evinced. On the fields of Resaca, of Dallas, sleep many gallant men who stood in our ranks, and high up the mountain side of Kenesaw are resting the bones of others. Shall any one reprove the men of this command as they relate with something of pride that their skirmishers were first to enter Resaca, and that one

