
great frequency, changes of position constant, and transportation limited; still, by system, by the energy of the medical director and the co-operation of the officers of his department, the sick and wounded heave been as well cared for as in any cmpaign that I have borne a part in. I call special attention to the recommendations of Surgeion Moore regarding the promotion of medical officers. I believe it due to the medical department that partriotic labor on the part of its officers should receive the approbation of the Government in the shape of substantial and honorary promotion, as is the case with other departments of the service. I cannot complain, however, of any want of efficeincy in that department, and have more than once felt deeply grateful to those faithful surgeons, who wer working night and day to save the lives or allevaiate the sufferings of our sick and wounded. They may be assured thir labor is not lost. I tender to Surg. John Moore, medical direcvtor of the Army of the Tennessee, my special thanks for his indefatigable and successful efforts to probvide for the sick and wounded, and recommend him particularly to the War Department as one worthy of reward.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major- General, Commanding.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Cam to Major- General Sherman,

ADDENDA.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERSS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT Numbers 13. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Near Jonsesborough, Ga., August 31, 1864.

The general commanding congratulates this army on the brilliant manner in which they repulsed the attacks of the enemy to- day, and announces to them tht while the enemy was throwing upon them the greater portion of his force, Generals Schofield and Stanley moved upon the railroad, two miles south of Rough and Ready, heading off a train of cars loaded with troops going to the support of their repulsed columns, and are still on the railroad destroying it. Thus we have whipped the enemy, cut his comminicatins, divided his army, and are prepared to pursue and destoy it. major- General Sherman dieires the general commanding to express his appreciation of the noble conduct of the officers and men of this army, alnd to assure them that he knows their worth, and is not unmindful of their services. The gallant begavior of the cavalry division, under General Kilpatrick, in meeting the attack of the division, under General Kilpatrick, in meeting the attack of the division of Cleburne is heartily appreciated by the general commanding, and will not remain unnoticed.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT Numbers 16. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

It is with pride, gratification, and a grateful sense of divine favor that I congratulatr this noble army upon the successful termination

4 R R- VOL XXXVIII, PT III

