
base of Kenesaw Mountain Pushing our skirmishers well up the side of the mountain. The position of the brigade was not changed materially until the 3rd of July, when we moved to the right and bivouacked for the night near Nickajack Creek. On the morning of the 4th crossed the creek nd pushed forward in line of battle, with brisk skirmishing, for the distance of about a miles, when we halted in a dense wood some 300 yards from the enemy's works. The Sixty-fourth Illinois covered the front as skirmishers, the Twenty-seventh Ohio and Thirty-ninth Ohio being in line, the latter on the right, and the Eighteenth Missouri in reserve behind the center. At 6.30 p. m. the order to charge was given, the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Ohio Regiments being selected to make the assault, which was successfully made, and the works held and reversed during the night. The loss in the day's operations was 14 enlisted men killed and 7 commissioned officers and 82 enlisted men wounded. On the 5th marched on the Sandtown road, halting near the Chattahoochee River; remained till the 9th, when we moved to Marietta. From thence, on the 10th, proceeded to the Chattahoochee River, which we crossed on the 11th near Roswell. Remained at this point on the south bank of the river, until the 17th, when we advanced to Nancy's Creek. General Fuller having assumed command of the brigade devolved on Colonel Morrill, of the Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry. Reached Decatur on the 19th. 20th, marched toward Atlanta. On the 21st took position behind the Seventeenth Corps, and was held in reserve. At about 12.30 p. m. of the 22nd orders were received to move the brigade as rapidly as possible to the rear and report to General Fuller in an old field in which the trains of the different corps were parked. The order was promptly compiled with, and in a very short time the brigade was in line, the regiments having the following relative positions: the Thirty-ninth Ohio on the left, and on the extension of the line of the Second Division, Sixteenth Corps; the Twenty-seventh Ohio on the right of the Thirty-ninth, Eighteenth Missouri and Sixty-fourth Illinois in rear, forming a second line. Our position was somewhat retired from the crest of a ridge in open field. Skirmishers were sent forward, but had barely reached the woods a short distance to the front when they met the heavy lines of the enemy and were driven back. At this juncture an order was given to advance to the crest of the ridge, but through some misunderstanding of the order the line continued to push forward after reaching the crest. The enemy had by this time emerged from the woods into the open ground below, but gave way before the charge of our men and fled in confusion. Our right being unprotected, and the line exposed to a severe flank fire, it became necessary to halt at the edge of the woods instead of following up the advantage gained, and finally to withdraw to the crest of the ridge. This last was accomplished without any noticeable confusion on the part of any of the command, notwithstanding the severity of the enemy's fire. Pending these movements on the part of the first line, the Eighteenth Missouri and Sixty-fourth Illinois were doing good service in endeavoring to dislodge the enemy from his position in the woods in our right and rear. The line being formed on the crest of the ridge, we maintained that position with some unimportant changes in the direction until 4 p. m., keeping up a fire that prevented the enemy from reforming his lines or attempting any farther advance. At about 4 o'clock we retired in good order and went into line on the right of the Second Division, Sixteenth Corps. All our

