
dead and wounded were either brought off with us or during the evening. The loss of the brigade during the engagement was 2 commissioned officers and 45 enlisted men killed, 19 officers and 276 enlisted men wounded, and enlisted men missing. Colonel Morril received a severe though not mortal wound, and the command of the brigade devolved on Lieutenant Colonel H. T. McDowell, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry. At 1 a. m. of the 27th we withdrew from our works and marched to a position near Proctor's Creek, with out lines facing east, where we remained until August 26, making in that time several advanced which brought us within easy range of the rebel works. On the 26th withdrew from our last position and occupied a refused line of works thrown up by the command the day previous. Marching that night reached a point one mile from the Montgomery and West Point Railroad on the evening of the 28th. Moved down the railroad early in the morning of the 28th, and spent the day in destroying the road in the neighborhood of Fairburn. Marched on the 30th from 7 a. m. till midnight, bivouacking about one mile from Jonesborough on the Macon and Western Railroad. 31st, intrenched our position on the right flank of the line facing south.

September 2, marched through Jonesborough to near Lovejoy's Station. Was held in reserve until the 6th, when we returned to our old position near Jonesborough. 7th, marched to Morrow's Mill. 8th, marched East Point and went into camp.

The loss of the brigade during the campaign has been as follows: Eighteenth Missouri, 15 enlisted men killed, 4 officers and 48 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing; Twenty-seventh Ohio, 2 officers and 26 enlisted men killed, 14 officers and 169 enlisted men wounded, and 6 enlisted men missing; Thirty-ninth Ohio, 24 enlisted men killed, 8 officers and 158 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing; Sixty-fourth Illinois, 3 officers and 43 enlisted men killed, 11 officers and 170 enlisted men wounded, and 9 enlisted men killed, 11 officers and 170 enlisted men wounded, and 9 enlisted men missing.

Recapitulation.- Killed- commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 108; total, 113. Wounded - commissioned officers, 37; enlisted men, 545; total, 582. Missing - enlisted men, 18. Aggregate, 713.

In justice to myself and the command I would state that, owing to the fact that I was not in command during the most important operations of the campaign, I am not sufficiently informed as to movements and details to make a more satisfactory report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. McDOWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, Commanding

Captain C. CABLE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Corps.

Numbers 552.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Michael W. Manning, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, dated July 25, 1864, I have the honor to report that about 1 p. m. on the 22nd instant the Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, under my command, was ordered to move from its position in rear of the left of the Seven-

