
teenth Army Corps to an open field a short distance to the left and front of said corps, where the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, was formed in line of battle. On arriving on the ground my command was ordered to form a line on the right of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The men, though tired after marching about a mile under a hot sun, formed promptly in rear of the crest of a slight ridge, which partly protected them from a front fire of the enemy, which at this time was very trying. Moved a short distance to the front, when the enemy began to pour a rapid and deadly fire from the woods immediately on my right. At this juncture of affairs Colonel Morrill, commanding brigade, ordered a change of direction to the right, perpendicular to my then present position, in order to present my front to the woods, and, if possible, gain possession of them. I immediately ordered the regiment, and the right wing promptly wheeled and drove the enemy from the edge of the woods. The left wing, from the greater distance it had to travel and the consequent exposure to a longer fire, were unable to gain the desired position, and had to fall back in rear of the right wing, which still held its ground. About this time the enemy was in my front, flanks, and rear, pouring upon the regiment a deadly and galling fire. Seeing which, and my utter inability to hold my position against such overwhelming odds without endangering the capture of the entire regiment, Colonel Morrill ordered me to fall back to the next ridge in my rear and reform, which I did. After forming i took position in rear of the left wing of the brigade, and remained there until the brigade fell back. About 4.30 p. m. General Fuller ordered men to deploy five companies as skirmishers, and gain possession of the contested ground, to enable the brigade to recover its dead and wounded, which I did without loss. Kept possession of the ground until night, when we withdrew, by order of Brigadier-General Fuller.

The regiment went into the action with 333 enlisted men and 13 officers, and came out of the fiery ordeal with a loss of 6 officers and 77 men, making the percentage of loss in this action a trifle over 25 per cent. It gives great satisfaction to myself and the men of the regiment that we can offset this loss with a rebel one of dead left on the field immediately after the engagement at least three times greater than our own, and that we punished them severely. Several of the men were engaged in a hand to hand conflict. My command sent to the rear at least 40 prisoners, and recaptured some of the men of the brigade, and nearly all Major-General McPherson's papers and his field glass.

I would here state that to George Sherland, B Company of my command, is due more than to one person the credit of General McPherson's body being recovered from the enemy.

Captured 1 battle-flag and about 150 stand of small-arms and accounterments, but the latter, owing to other duties, I had no time to take from the field, but gathered them into piles, so they could readily be carried off, which was done by men detailed for that purpose next day.

I cannot discriminate as to any special acts of service, as nearly all did their duty.

Hoping the conduct of myself and command mat be approved, I respectfully submit this report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. W. MANNING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

