
Report of the operations of the Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers in the summer campaign against Atlanta, Ga.:

The regiment left Decatur, Ala., May 1, 1864 (with the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, to which it is attached), and marched, via Mooresville and Huntsville, Ala., to Woodville, Ala., arriving there on the 4th, and proceed immediately to Chattanooga, Tenn.,by rail, arriving there on the morning of the 5th. The same afternoon the regiment left for the front with the corps, marching by way of Gordon's Mills, Villanow, and through Snake Creek Gap, arriving in front of Resaca, Ga., on the 9th instant, where a line of battle was formed and a reconnaissance made, two companies, A and F, deployed as skirmishers, and advanced to within 250 yards of the enemies rifle-pits, engaging him briskly, losing 1 man wounded. After the reconnaissance was made the regiment with the corps fell back to the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, where fortifications where thrown up, and the regiment remained until the morning of the 13th, when it again moved on Resaca, and took a part in the battle. Skirmished there three days, sustaining a loss of 4 men wounded. After the evacuation of Resaca by the enemy the regiment moved with the corps to Kingston, Ga., where it remained three days. It again moved on the 23d, marching mostly by night over rough roads through a mountainous country, bivouacking without shelter, the rain often pouring down in torrents. The regiment, after four days' marching, reached Dallas, Ga., where the enemy was found. Companies A and F, under command of Captain Conger, were sent out as skirmishers, and were hotly engaged all day with a loss of 4 men killed and 9 wounded; 3 mortally. Captain Conger was wounded while gallantly cheering on his men. Companies C and E were afterward deployed as skirmishers, the enemy charging them, but they nobly held their ground. The whole regiment was exposed for two or three days to the enemy's sharpshooters, losing several men wounded by them. The loss to the regiment during the month is 6 killed and 35 wounded.

June 1, evacuated the works at Dallas, falling back along the line toward the left of the army, the regiment bringing up the rear; moved across Pumpkin Vine Creek and threw up works. On the morning of the 3rd five companies were detailed as wagon-train guard to go to Kingston. On the 5th the remaining five companies made a reconnaissance and found the enemy's works in front evacuated. Then moved in an easterly direction, arriving at Acworth, Ga., on the 6th, and were joined by the balance of the regiment on the 7th. Remained at Acworth inactive four days, and on the 10th moved toward Big Shanty, Ga., and found the enemy near Kenesaw Mountain, and had several skirmish with him. On the 15th charged his rifle-pits, capturing several prisoners. The 19th, moved into the enemy's first line of works. From the 20th to 26th gradually invest the enemy's works on Kenesaw Mountain. On the 27th were ordered to advance on the enemy's works on the mountain, the regiment deployed as skirmishers under a heavy enfilading fire, from which is suffered severely. Advanced to within thirty yards of the enemy's works, and held the position until night, the loss this day being 17 killed, among them the adjutant, Lieutenant William H. Hinckley, and 31 wounded. On the 28th, 29th, and 30th remained in works. The regiment lost this month 18 killed and 36 wounded.

