
On the 1st and 2nd of July the regiment remained in the front line of works before Kenesaw Mountain. On the morning of the 3rd had orders to send part of the regiment on the picket-line, and the regiment to remain in this position until all the troops had left their works, and then to bring up the rear. The two companies on picket advanced on discovering that the enemy was evacuating the work on the mountain and were the first to plant the Stars and Stripes upon its summit. At about 9 a.m. the same day moved in the direction of the Chattahoochee River, leaving Marietta, Ga., to the left. On the 4th discovered the enemy near Ruff's Mill, charging and driving him back, afterward deployed as skirmishers in front of the division, and drove his skirmishers into their works, our loss being 25 killed and wounded. On the 5th moved in the direction of the river and found the enemy near Howell's Ferry. On the 7th has a brisk skirmish with him across the river without any loss. On the 9th move in the direction of Marietta, Ga., On the 10th march southeasterly, and reached the Chattahoochee River, at McAfee's Ferry. Crossed on the 11th, fortified, and remained there until the 17th, when the regiment again moved in a southeasterly direction, meeting the enemy at Nancy's Creek, deployed as skirmishers, and drove him one mile and a half, without any loss. On the 18th moved toward Decatur, Ga., arriving there on the evening of the 19th. As the regiment was marching through the town in column en route and had reached the outer edge of it were fired upon from a rebel battery at about 300 yards, killing and wounding 4. Surg. J. T. Stewart, of the regiment, was severely wounded by a shell. The regiment then deployed as skirmishers and pursued the enemy toward Atlanta. On the 20th advanced three miles toward Atlanta. On the 21st was ordered to the support of the Seventeenth Army Corps three miles to the left. On the 22d, firing being heard to the left and rear, the regiment, with the brigade, moved to the rear and left about one mile,forming a line of battle in an open field, the regiment on the right of the brigade. At this time the enemy made his appearance in front, emerging from the woods. The regiment charged him with a cheer, the enemy in the mean time pouring in a galling fire from the woods on the right and rear. Orders were given and executed to change direction to the right, when we moved to the edge of the woods, capturing about 40 prisoners and a battle-flag, and in addition the field-glass and papers of the lamented Major-General McPherson. The enemy being largely superior in numbers the regiment was in greater danger of capture, consequently was ordered to fall back to the crest of a ridge in the rear, afterward retired about one-quarter of a mile, when the brigade joined us. The regiment then deployed as skirmishers, moving forward and gaining possession of the contested field and getting off our dead and wounded and a large number of wounded of the enemy. At night fell back to the brigade and fortified. The loss of the regiment in this engagement was 13 killed, 63 wounded, and 9 missing, making a total of 85. Captain Henry J. Stoner and Lieutenant Harley Kingsbury were killed on the field; Colonel John Morrill (who was commanding the brigade), Lieutenant Ward Knickerbocker, Lieutenant D. N. Myers, Lieutenant James Yates, and Lieutenant William W. Zuel were severely wounded. On the 23rd and 24th fortified. 25th, doing grand-guard duty for the division. On the 26th remained in works. On the 27th the regiment, with the corps, moved from the left and occupied a position on the extreme

