
right of the army. Part of the regiment deployed as skirmishers on the right of the corps and moved forward in an easterly direction, driving the enemy's pickets one miles, losing 1 man mortally wounded. On the 28th advanced one-quarter of a mile and fortified. At 12 m. the Fifteenth Army Corps being severely pressed in moving into position, the regiment was ordered to its support, moving up under a very severe fire of shot and shell. The regiment occupied a temporary work, where the enemy fiercely charged several times, and were as often repulsed with terrible loss. In this engagement only had 5 wounded. On the 30th and 31st remained in trenches.

The loss to the regiment this month is 23 killed, 88 wounded, and 9 missing.

August 4, the regiment was ordered to make a demonstration on the enemy, and at 1 p. m. deployed as skirmishers and charged his skirmishers, driving them into the works. They soon rallied and succeeded in turning the left flank of the regiment, owing to the division on the left giving away, compelling the regiment to retire a short distance, and at dark retired in the trenches, with a loss of 4 wounded and 1 captured. On the 7th moved into a new parallel about 300 yards in advance. On the 9th was on picket at daylight, the regiment deployed as skirmishers, and advanced the line about 200 yards, with a loss of 4 men wounded. On the 10th moved into a new parallel, about 500 yards in advance of the former position. From that time to the 25th in the front line, the most of the time closely investing Atlanta, losing from 1 to 3 men daily by shell and the enemy's sharpshooters. On the night of the 25th moved into a refuse line of the left of the Seventeenth Army Corps. On the night of the 26th evacuated the works and moved out toward the river on the Sandtown road, marching all night. On the 27th and 28th moved southward, in the direction of the Montgomery railroad. On the 29th moved on the railroad and destroyed it, tearing up track all day. On the 30th moved toward the Macon railroad; guard train through the night. 31st, move into position on the right of the army corps, occupying a refuse line.

The loss to the regiment this month is 6 men killed, 13 wounded, and 2 captured.

On the 1st of September remained in our works. On the 2nd moved into Jonesborough, Ga., and along the Macon railroad to near Lovejoy's Station, Ga. 3d, moved into position on the right of the corps, and remained there the 4th. On the 5th move back toward Jonesborough and occupy works to cover the army as they retire. On the 6th move to near Jonesborough and occupy the old works. On the 7th move toward East Point, Ga., arriving there the 8th, and go into camp with the promise of a good month's rest.

The total loss of the regiment in the campaign is 53 killed, 172 wounded, and 11 missing. From exposure to the hot sun and inclement weather, the regiment has suffered severely from sickness, but the men have borne their hardships without a murmur, and with very few exceptions both officers and men have evinced a spirit of valor and earnestness worthy of the glorious cause in which they are engaged.

M. W. MANNING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry.

