
Numbers 553.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Sheldon, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY MISSOURI ET, VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 22nd instant.

Shortly after 12 m. I was ordered to report with my command, which had been supporting General Force's brigade, of General Leggett's division, Seventeenth Army Corps, to my brigade. I immediately moved by the left flank down the road leading from the works to the old field where the trains had been parked, and formed in the rear of the Twenty-seventh Ohio Veteran Volunteers Infantry. The brigade charged the enemy's line, which was then advancing, when I marched it by the right flank, and established a line at right angles with the former to meet a flank movement of the enemy's line, which was then swinging well into our rear. This position was hardly taken, when the enemy appeared in large numbers, pressing back the Sixty-fourth Illinois Volunteers across a small creek. I then ordered Companies A and H, which under Captain Dolman, had been guarding that flank, to take their place in the line, and poured three volleys into the enemy's line, causing them to retire to the woods, from which they did not again emerge. While engaged in causing a cessation of the firing I was slightly wounded and left the line for about one-half an hour. Upon my return I found the regiment had been moved by the flank, forming an obtuse angle with the right of the Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry. After remaining in this position about thirty minutes, by order of General Fuller, the left wing was faced to the rear and wheeled to the left, leaving the line in the form of a V, which formation was maintained until the brigade was relieved. Shortly after the new line had been formed, I was ordered with my regiment to the left of Colonel Rice's brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and remained there until relieved by a brigade of the Twenty-third Army Corps, when I joined my brigade.

The losses are as follows.*

So far as I have been able to observe both officers and men behaved with great coolness and bravery, but I am particularly indebted to my adjutant, Lieutenant Godfrey, and to Captain Dolman, acting major, for valuable assistance in maneuvering the regiment under fire. Also the color bearers, Sergeant Brantner, Company A, Sergeant Earhart, of Company B, and Private Dwyer, Company C. Lieutenant Pagin, acting assistant surgeon, rendered efficient services in bringing up ambulances and caring for the wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant Colonel 18th Infty. Missouri Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 commissioned officers and 15 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

