HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH MISSOURI VET. VOL. INFANTRY,East Point, Ga., September 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command during the campaign which has just ended in the capture of Atlanta:

Upon the 1st of May, having just arrived the night before from veteran furlough from Nashville, the regiment moved out with the brigade, reached Woodville, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, on the 4th, where it took the cars for Chattanooga, the regimental train marching through under charge of the quartermaster. Marched from Chattanooga on the 5th, arriving at Gordon's Mills, on the Chickamauga, on the 6th. Here ammunition was drawn and every preparation made for a rapid march. Marched to Ship's Gap on the 7th and to Snake Creek Gap on the 8th. Took part in the reconnaissance on Resaca on the 9th, losing 1 man killed and 2 wounded by a shell from the rebel artillery. Returned to Snake Creek Gap same night and camped. On the 10th moved out in line of battle across the Romer road, which position was held until 11 p. m., when the regiment returned to the gap in the midst of a violent storm of rain. During the 11th built a small line of works in rear of the main line in which we remained until the afternoon of the 12th, when, being relieved by a regiment of the Twentieth Army Corps, we again moved out to a position across the Romer road. Advanced toward Resaca on the morning of the 13th and formed line on the extreme right upon the banks of the Oostenaula. During the day the lines were gradually drawn close around the town until night found the regiment upon the hills immediately to the south of the town and supporting the Fourteenth Ohio Battery. In this position we remained until the morning of the 16th, when, the rebels having evacuated their position, we crossed the Oostenaula and went into position one mile and a half south, after having been for some time under fire of the enemy's artillery. Arrived at Kingston on the 19th by the way of Adairsville, when the regiment halted until the 23d, resting and receiving supplies of clothing, &amp;c. Marching from Kingston the afternoon of the 23d, we passed through Van Wert on the 25th and arrived at Dallas, on the 26th. On the 27th the regiment moved up in line of battle to the foot of the mountain, upon which the enemy had taken position, and built a line of works under a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. The next afternoon the enemy attacked our right, but in my immediate front only a demonstration was made, which was easily held in check by the skirmish line.

On the 1st day of June the Army of the Tennessee moved to the right [left], my regiment bringing up the rear. We took a position the same night upon Pumpkin Vine Creek, and commenced a line of works, which was not finished before another move west [east] brought us upon the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps, slightly refused, relieving a brigade of that corps. On the 5th, the enemy having vacated the works in our front, we moved with the army to Acworth, where we remained until the 10th, resting and receiving supplies. On the morning of the 11th arrived at Big Shanty, and advanced south upon the railroad, forming line of battle and erecting works upon the edge of an open field within sight of the enemy's skirmish line. From this date until the 19th was employed in moving forward slowly, with heavy skir-

32 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

