
damage upon the enemy, as many of our balls fell over a mile from our works. Indeed I think that the annoyance to the enemy's batteries was so great as to prevent them from opening as often as they otherwise would have. Upon the 18th of August I was forced to go to Marietta sick, and did not rejoin the regiment until September 9, at Atlanta. The command devolved upon Major W. H. Minter. Upon the 25th of August the regiment built a refused line of works intended to cover the movements to the rear of Atlanta, and upon the night of the 26th and all day 27th marched toward La Grande railroad. Struck the road on the 29th and marched eight miles toward Fairburn, destroying portions of the track. On the 30th marched to Jonesborough, and during the action of the 31st were on skirmish line, but were not engaged.

On the 2nd of September the regiment marched through Jonesborough and assisted in destroying the Macon railroad. On the 3rd of September Major Minter was ordered to Jonesborough with 356 prisoners, and from thence to Atlanta in charge of wagon trains. On the 11th of September rejoined the brigade in obedience to orders received from Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, and went into camp.

In conclusion I have only to say that the regiment which I have the honor to command has borne its share of the hardships of the campaign with fortitude and without murmuring; and I am especially tankful to the officers of the regiment, who by cheerful and ready obedience to orders received, have done much to lighten a task often difficult, and at times seemingly almost impossible. I also submit a detailed report of losses.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES S. WELDON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Missouri Veteran Vol. Infantry.

ASST. ADJT. General, Brigadier, FOURTH DIVISION.

Numbers 554.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mendal Churchill, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 45, from headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagement of the 22nd instant:

The brigade of which this regiment forms a part on that day was in position in reserve in rear of the Fourth Division of the Seventeenth Corps. At about 12.30 p. m. the order was sent me by the commanding officer to move into the road and follow the Thirty-ninth Ohio at double-quick to the rear and left, where firing was then heard. This order was executed instantly so far as to set the regiment in march. After passing out of the woods we came into open fields, on

---------------

* Aggregating 9 men killed, 4 officers and 46 men wounded, and 1 man missing, in action; also 2 men killed and 6 injured by lighting; total, 68.

---------------

