
of the campaign. Your officers claim for you a wonderful record- for example, a march of 400 miles, thirteen distinct engagements, 4,000 prisoners, and 20 stand of colors captured, and 3,000 of the enemy's dead buried in your front. Your movements upon the enemy's flank have been bold and successful; first, upon Resaca; second, upon Dallas; third, upon Kenesaw; fourth, upon Nickajack; fifth (via Roswell), upon the Augusta railroad; sixth, upon Ezra Church, to the southwest of Atlanta, and seventh, upon Jonsborough and the Macon railroad. Atlanta was evacuated while you were figting at Jonsborough. The country may never know with what patience, labor, and exposure you hav tugged away at every natural and artificial obstacle that an enetrprising and confident enemy could interpose. The terrific battles you have fought may never be realized or creditad, still a glad acclaim is already greeting you from the Government and people, in view of the results you have helped to gain, and I believe a sense of the magnitude of the achievements of the elast 100 days will not abate but increase with time and history. Our rejocing is tempered, as it always must be in war, by the soldier's sorrow at the loss of his companions in arms; on every hill- side, in every valley, throughout your long and circuitous route from Dalton to Jonesborough, you have buried them. Your trusted and belowved commander fell in your midst; his name, the name of McPherson! carries with it a peculiar feeling of sorrow. I trust the impress of his character is upon you all to incite you to generous actions and noble deeds. To mourning friends and to all the disabled in battle, you extend a soldier's sympathy. My first intimate acquaintance with you dates from the 28th of July. I never beheld fiercer assaults than the enemy then made, and I never begeld fiercer assaults thatn the enemy then made, and I never saw troops more steady and self- possessed in action than your divisions which were there engaged. Ihave learned that for cheerfulness, obedience, repidity of movement, and confidence in battle, the Army of the Tennessee is not to be surpassed, and it shall be my study that your fair record shall continue, and my purpose to assist you to move steadily forward and plant the old flag in every proud city of the revellion.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major- General.

Numbers 440.

Report of Surg. John Moore, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

East Point, Ga., September 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following preliminary report of the medical service on the campaign which has teminated with the capture of Atlanta:

The troops of the Fifteenth and Left Wing of the Sixteenth Army Corps, numbering 23,000, after having been quietly encamped during the winter at Larkinsville, Huntsville, Athens, and Decatur, were put in motion about the last days of April for Chattanooga, where they arrived about the 1st of May. Before starting on this march supplies of medicines, hospital stores, &amp;c.,had been drawn forsix months. By a general order, one 6- mule wagon had been

