
the south side of which the enemy were advancing. After moving across the fields about 400 yards we formed line on the right of the Thirty-ninth Ohio, having double-quicked about a mile. One company was immediately thrown forward as skirmishers, when the general commanding division ordered the line forward to the top of the crest in our front. The skirmishers sent out were driven back almost immediately by the columns of the enemy which then advanced in our front. General Fuller gave the order to fix bayonets and charge the enemy. The line moved forward in good style at double-quick, causing the enemy to halt, waver, and finally give way in disorder. We drove them across the field into the timber and over a ridge. In advancing this regimental had to pass through a thicket of briars and willows in the edge of the timber, which somewhat disorder the line. I gave the order to reform before resuming the charge, as I expected to meet the enemy in force after passing the ridge. While doing this a column of the enemy advanced into the field on our right flank and rear, which point was unprotected. Under the circumstances I did not deem it prudent to advance farther. General Fuller directed me to refuse my right, which was promptly done. The enemy still advanced on our right and rear; we were not in a situation to offer serious resistance. It was almost impossible to execute a change of front under such a flank fire as we were sustaining. I ordered the regiment to about face, make a right wheel, and fall back behind the ridge to face this new danger. This movement was made in good order considering the difficulty of executing such a movement under a galling fire. I am greatly indebted to General Fuller for his assistance in reforming the line. After this was done the regiment again charged to the top of the hill, and by a few well-directed volleys sent the enemy hurling back to the timber, from which they continued to fire on us, though not inflicting serious loss, as the men were lying down. We remained in this position until about 4.30 p. m., when a new line was reformed farther to the rear, and we were ordered to withdraw to the new alignment, which we did in good order. It is proper to add that all the movements above enumerated (after forming line) were executed under a constant fire from the front and right flank.

The losses sustained in the action by the regiment were as follows: Killed, 19 enlisted men; wounded, 6 commissioned officers and 102 enlisted men; missing, 3 enlisted men; aggregate, 130.

A detailed list has already been forwarded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. CHURCHILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. W. BARNES.

Numbers 555.

Report of Major John S. Jenkins, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Near East Point, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from May 1, 1864, up to and including

