
the occupation of Atlanta, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 102, headquarters, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, dated September 4, 1864:

May 1, 1864, the regiment broke camp at Decatur, Ala., at 6 a.m. and marched fifteen miles in the direction of Huntsville, Ala. 2d, marched eighteen miles to a point one mile east of Huntsville. 3d, marched twenty-two miles to Big Spring. 4th,marched seven miles to Woodville Station, and took cars for Chattanooga, where we arrived at 12 midnight. 5th, marched at 2 p.m., crossing Mission Ridge,and camped nine miles from Chattanooga. 6th, marched six miles, passing battle-field of Chickamauga, and camped at Lee and Gordon's Mills. 7th, marched eight miles, passing through Ship's Gap. 8th, marched twelve miles to Snake [Creek] Gap. 9th,marched twelve miles through Snake [Creek] Gap, our advance skirmishing briskly; when near Resaca formed double column, and advanced to within some 300 or 400 yards of the railroad,under a fire of case-shot and shells from the enemy's works; withdrew to a ridge just out of range, where we remained until sunset, when we returned to the gap and threw up a line of intrenchments, where we remained until the 13th. Advanced to within a mile of the enemy's works at Resaca, with brisk skirmishing. Remained in line of battle supporting a battery, until the morning of the 16th, skirmishing almost constantly; loss 1 enlisted man killed and 2 wounded. 16th, marched six miles, crossing the Oostenaula River at Lay's Ferry. 17th,marched twelve miles, starting at 7 p.m. 18th, marched six miles to Adairsville, and starting again ag 9 p.m. marched till 3 a.m. 19th, marched to the railroad near Kingston, where we remained until the 23d, when we marched eight miles southward, crossing the Etowah River four miles west of Kingston. 24th, marched to Van Wert, eighteen miles. 25th, marched twelve miles eastward. 26th, marched through Dallas and went into position, facing east. 27th, worked all night making intrenchments. 28th, 1 man wounded. 29th, Heavy firing all night; 1 man killed and 1 wounded. 30th, still skirmishing. 31st, heavy skirmishing; Captain John V. Drake, Company H, mortally wounded, and 2 enlisted men wounded.

June 1, withdrew from the line beyond Dallas, and moved five miles northward. 2d, marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek. 3d, built a line of works on east side of creek. 4th, built another line of intrenchments. 5th, moved six miles toward Acworth. 6th, marched eight miles to Acworth, where we remained until the 10th, when we marched to Big Shanty, six miles. 11th, moved to the front and threw up a line of works, where we remained (with a loss of 2 men wounded on the 14th) without changing our position materially until the 18th, when we advanced our line nearly half a mile, with a loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded. 19th, moved across the railroad to the base of Kenesaw Mountain and built a line of intrenchments, where we remained under an annoying fire until the morning of July 3; loss, 3 men killed and 3 wounded.

July 3, marched twelve miles toward Sandtown. 4th, encountered the enemy's skirmishers, near Nickajack Creek, and drove them to their works about one mile east of Ruff's Mill. At 6.30 p.m. charged in line of battle, accompanied by the Twenty-seventh Ohio on our left, and carried the works, with a loss of 5 enlisted men killed, and 3 officers and 28 enlisted men wounded. Colonel Edward F. Noyes was wounded by musket-ball through left ankle, rendering

