
amputation necessary. During the night reversed the works we had taken. 5th, marched eight miles toward Sandtown and remained near the Chattahoochee River until the 9th, when we marched to Marietta, about seventeen miles. 10th, marched to the Chattahoochee River near Roswell. 11th,crossed the river and threw up an intrenchments about half a mile beyond, where we remained until the 17th, when we advanced to Nancy's Creek. 18th, marched to Peach Tree Creek. 19th, marched to Decatur. 20th, marched three miles toward Atlanta. 21st, moved to a point one mile and a half south of the Georgia Railroad, being placed in reserve to the Seventeenth Corps. 22d, at 12.30 p.m. skirmishing suddenly commenced in our rear. A few minutes thereafter we were ordered to move to the rear at a double-quick and report to General Fuller, at an old field in rear of the ambulance and supply trains. Passing the trains a few hundred yards we formed in line below the crest of a small ridge. As soon as the Twenty-seventh Ohio was formed on our right the orders was given to advance; a few paces brought us to the crest of the ridge and in full view of the enemy advancing across the open field in our front; a spirited charge was made by our regiment with the Twenty-seventh Ohio, driving the enemy in confusion into the woods. We captured Colonel Nisbet, commanding the brigade in our front, 1 captain, 1 adjutant,and 13 men,in this charge. Our position at this time was such that we were subjected to a severe enfilading fire, and a column of the enemy appearing on our right flank, we were ordered to retire to the ridge from which we had charged, reforming our line as directed under a heavy fire from our front and right flank. Our ammunition being nearly exhausted, orders were issued to the regiment to lie down and reserve their fire, but the enemy occupying higher ground on our right was still enabled to keep up a destructive fire upon us. We remained some twenty minutes in this exposed position, when the direction of our line was changed by retiring our right, and a supply of ammunition procured. The fire of the enemy gradually slackened, and at about 4 p.m. the force of the enemy's assault having expended itself and our trains having been removed to a place of security, the enemy withdrew from our front, and shortly after we withdrawn to a new line about half a mile in the rear of the position our brigade had first taken. We maintained our line some hundred yards in advance of our first position until the close of the engagement. During the night we threw up a line of intrenchments. Our loss in this engagement was 15 enlisted men killed,and 5 officers and 98 enlisted men wounded. 23d, strengthened our works; sent out working parties to bury the rebel dead,having brought off our own the evening previous. Remained on this line until the 27th,when we withdrew from our works on the left flank at 1 a.m. and marched to the right of the army. Advanced about half a mile and lay on our arms until morning under fire of the enemy's skirmishers. 28th, advanced a few hundred yards and threw up a strong line of earth-works about two miles from Atlanta. During the engagement on our right were obliged to take shelter on the outside of our works from an enfilading fire from a rebel battery in the rear.

Remained on this line exposed to an irregular fire of musketry and heavy shells until the 7th of August, when we advanced about 200 yards to a new line. 8th, moved half a mile to the front at 6 p.m. and worked all night throwing up intrenchments. Occupied this line till the 16th, exposed almost constantly to a fire of musketry

