
and frequent shelling from the enemy's works; loss 6 men wounded. 16th, moved back to the second line,and remained till the 24th,when we returned to the front line, which we held until the morning of the 26th, when we withdrew one mile and took position on retired line, facing north, and strengthened the works; marched all night toward Sandtown. 27th, marched ten miles toward the La Grange railroad. 28th, marched six miles and camped one mile from railroad. 29th, moved out at 6.30 a.m. and worked until night, destroying the railroad in the vicinity of Fairburn. 30th, marched from 7 a.m. until 11 p.m.,reaching a point within one mile of Jonesborough. 31st, threw up a line of breast-works on the right flank of our line, facing south.

September 1, strengthened our works. 2d, marched in pursuit of the enemy through Jonesborough to near Lovejoy's Station. 3d, received official information of the occupation of Atlanta by our forces. Moved with our division to cover a road on the right flank of our army,where we remained until the 5th,when we moved two miles to the rear and threw up works. 6th, marched to our old camp near Jonesborough. 7th, marched eight miles toward East Point. 8th, marched to East Point and camped.

Our loss during this campaign has been 24 enlisted men killed (not including those mortally wounded) and 8 officers and 158 enlisted men wounded, with 2 enlisted men missing in action. Total loss, 192.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. JENKINS,

Major Thirty-ninth Ohio, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. H. BOGGIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 556.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry T. McDowell, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations July 22.

HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Field Orders, No. 45, headquarters Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, under date of July 25, 1864, I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of the 22nd instant.

The First Brigade, Fourth Division, was in reserve in the rear of the left of the Seventeenth Corps. About 12.30 p.m. I was ordered by Colonel Morrill,commanding brigade,to move to the rear at a double-quick and report to General Fuller, in the old field where the trains were parked. Sharp skirmishing was at that time going on to our trains left and rear. The regiment was moved as directed as speedily as possible. Reaching the field the line was formed facing south, the left wing refused to take the general direction of the line of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, already in position on our left. This position left us retired somewhat under the crest of the hill. The rest of the brigade coming up soon after, and being formed, a company was sent forward as skirmishers. They advanced

