
2,458,making a part of the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General J. C. Veatch. On the day above mentioned we marched from Decatur, Ala., via Huntsville, to Woodville, where we took cars for Chattanooga, arriving there at 11 a.m. on the 5th of May, and marched same day to Rossville, Ga., where we arrived at 7.30 p.m. Next day passed over the battle-field of Chickamauga, and encamped at Gordon's Mills. On the 17th after going into camp on Middle Chattanooga [Chickamauga] Creek, I was ordered to march to Ship's Gap,four miles farther south,and hold the gap till the main column came up, which was done. From thence the march was continued through Villanow to Snake Creek Gap, and from there [9th] on a reconnaissance to near Resaca, and then returned to Sugar Valley, near the gap last mentioned. On the 13th of May marched with the Army of the Tennessee, under the command of the honored and lamented Major General James B. McPherson. From the date mentioned to the 16th my command was constantly and actively engaged in the operations before Resaca. The Twenty-fifth Wisconsin and the Thirty-fifth New Jersey, being sent to the right, particularly distinguished themselves, by charging and taking each a hill,which they held, and which was at these points our advanced line until the enemy evacuated the town and works. My loss before Resaca was 11 killed and 76 wounded. From Resaca we followed the enemy to Kingston, Ga., where we arrived on the 19th of May,and remained in camp until the 23d,when the march was resumed via Van Wert to Dallas, where we arrived the evening of the 26th. At sunrise next morning active skirmishing with the enemy commenced,which continued more or less severe (at times almost becoming a battle) until June 1, when our army and the enemy withdrew about the same time. Our losses at Dallas considering the character of the fighting were heavy. The Fourth Division moved to Pumpkin Vine Creek, and thence on the 6th marched to Acworth and encamped, where we remained until the 10th, when we marched to Big Shanty Station, a little south of which place on the 11th we again struck the enemy. From this time until the 19th my command was actively engaged in skirmishing, and in driving the enemy from one line of rifle-pits to another, in which was captured some 30 prisoners, including 2 officers. As the entire advance was over open ground,my loss was considerable. During the night of the 19th the enemy evacuated this works and fell back to Kenesaw Mountain, whence we followed and continued skirmishing and advancing our works until July 3, when the enemy again abandoned his works and the town of Marietta. We at once marched with the army to which we belonged to a point near Ruff's Mill,a distance of about twelve miles, where we again struck the enemy, finding him strongly intrenched. At this point, July 4, Captain Charles A. Angel, acting major Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteers, was killed while assisting in getting his regiment in position. The country has lost no braver or truer solider in all the war. The enemy's first line of works was charged and carried by the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Ohio, of the First Brigade, in most gallant style, and during the night the enemy evacuated their entire works, which had been elaborately constructed. July 5, we again moved after the enemy,and on the 7th arrived at Howlett's [Howell's] Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. On the 9th, with the Army of the Tennessee, we marched via Marietta to Roswell, where we arrived on the 10th, and at once forded the river, and constructed works for a tete-de-pont,

