
from Roswell, which some time before I had ordered turned to the right toward the rear of the Twenty-third Corps. After the artillery had all passed, I moved along the Roswell road leisurely to the junction of the Pace's Ferry road, and took a strong position and threw up some rude but strong defenses. This point is about one mile northward from Decatur. Here Colonel Wager Swayne, commanding, came up and joined me. The trains which were passing in my rear toward the Twenty-third Corps were hastened forward and soon all were known to be safe, but the enemy did not see fit to follow and continue the fight. My skirmishers were advanced and remained during the night in sight of the town, into which I returned with my command the next morning, the enemy having withdrawn. The force attacking me was said to be two divisions of Wheeler's cavalry and mounted infantry. All the enemy's forces engaged in the fight were dismounted.

I have no means of knowing the loss the enemy sustained. He reported to the citizens of Decatur that it was between 500 and 600. My loss will be seen by accompanying reports of regimental and battery commanders, which I have the honor to transmit herewith, to be 242 killed, wounded, and missing.

Colonel M. Montgomery, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, was wounded early in the action and fell into the hands of the enemy. The command of the regiment then devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Rusk.

Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Brown, commanding Sixty-third Ohio, was wounded near the close of the action in the leg, which has since been amputated near the thigh. The command of this regiment then devolved upon Major J. W. Fourts.

The gallant Thirty-fifth New Jersey was commanded by Colonel John J. Cladek, and from first to last was handled with rare skill and bravery.

All the officers above named and their assistant field officers discharged their whole duty gallantly and well. The portion of the Chicago Board of Trade Battery, under Lieutenant Griffin, serving under my orders, as well as the section of Battery C, First Michigan Artillery, under Lieutenant Shier, was served and worked with admirable skill and rapidity during the action.

Many daring deeds were done by line offices and non-commissioned officers and privates, and some brilliant charges were made, in which the bayonet was freely used with effect upon the enemy. I respectfully refer to the reports of subordinate commanders for notices of individual bravery and merit.

In conclusion I take pleasure in acknowledging my indebtedness and obligations to Lieutenant A. C. Fenner, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Frank Smith, acting assistant inspector-general,and Lieutenant Charles B. Blanchard, aide-de-cap, of my staff. Their whole duty was discharged fearlessly and intelligently.

The action lasted something over an hour and a half.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPRAGUE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DANIEL WEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division, 16th Army Corps.

On the 24th of July my command was engaged in destroying the Atlanta and August Railroad. On the 25th I again joined the division and corps to which my command was attached. On the evening of the 26th of July we commenced moving with the Army of the Tennessee toward the extreme right of the army and on the west of Atlanta, and next day formed in order of battle and moved forward into position, with slight skirmishing, near the head of Proctor's Creek. We moved forward from time to time, advancing our works, and occasionally being sharply engaged with the enemy. During the time we were operating here, on the 28th, the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, on our right, were fiercely assaulted by the enemy. I was ordered to send a regiment,and the Thirty-fifth New Jersey, being in reserve, was sent to report to General Logan, and was soon in the front,hotly engaged,and, as usual, acquitted itself with honor. The enemy, having been repulsed and severely punished, ceased trying to drive the corps named from their positions.

On the 26th of August we vacated our works and commenced the movement which finally brought us, by a circuitous route, to a point on the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad and Fairburn Station,

