
where we arrived on the 28th,and on the 29th destroyed the railroad for about four miles below Fairburn. August 30, marched in direction of Jonesborough, on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, and encamped on Flint River about 10 p.m. While near Jonesborough my command was in position and under arms, but was not engaged.

During the night of the 2nd of September the enemy fled from Jonesborough, and on our army moved in pursuit until we reached a point near Lovejoy's Station. Here it was officially announced that Atlanta was in our possession. The hear of every soldier was glad and rejoiced that he was one of the guard army which in a campaign of over four months,had overcome every obstacle, and driven the army of the enemy from one mountain stronghold to another, capturing hundreds of miles of the best earth-works the ingenuity and labor of the enemy could construct, and, finally, the fortified city of Atlanta, often boastingly proclaimed as their "last ditch." History gives no parallel to such a campaign, or the masterly skill which has brought it to so glorious a conclusion.

I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of regimental commanders, to which I beg to refer for details, and the rolls of honor thereto attached, giving the names of the killed, wounded, and missing, aggregating, as exhibited by the following tabular statement:

Killed. Wounded.

Regiment.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

25th Wisconsin	 2	 29	 9	 114

Volunteers

35th New Jersey	 1	 18	 4	 76

Veteran Volunteers

43rd Ohio Veteran	 ---	 10	 3	 58

Volunteers

63rd Ohio Veteran	 1	 22	 5	 88

Volunteers

Total	 4	 79	 21 	 336

Missing.

Regiment.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

25th Wisconsin Volunteers	 1	 25	 180

35th New Jersey Veteran	 2	 39	 140

Volunteers

43rd Ohio Veteran	 ---	 7	 78

Volunteers

63rd Ohio Veteran	 ---	 38	 154

Volunteers

Total	 3	 109	 552

To Colonel M. Montgomery, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, who was wounded and captured at Decatur, July 22; Colonel John J. Cladek, Thirty-fifth New Jersey; Colonel Wager Swayne, Forty-third Ohio, and Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Brown, commanding Sixty-third Ohio, who was wounded and lost a leg, July 22, at Decatur, my profound and grateful thanks are due and rendered for their untiring zeal and never-failing gallantry throughout the long and arduous campaign. Such has been their devotion to duty,and so well have they been seconded and supported by the officers and men of their commands, that at no moment during the entire campaign could they be found not ready to meet the enemy.

Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Rusk, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin; Lieutenant Colonel William A. Henry, Thirty-fifth New Jersey; Lieutenant Colonel Walter F. Herrick, Forty-third Ohio, and Major John W. Fouts, Sixty-third Ohio (the first and last named officers having commanded their respective regiments since the battle of July 22,and by their works shown themselves competent to command in any emergency), deserve and have my thanks for the faithful and gallant discharge of every duty.

I cannot conclude without giving an expression of grateful thanks to Lieutenant A. C. Fenner, Sixty-third Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Frank Smith, Sixty-fourth Illinois, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Edward B. Boyd, Sixty-third Ohio, acting

