
Lieutenant (Acting Adjutant) Pierson's horses were wounded. The enemy giving way in this quarter, we were ordered to the left to support some of our batteries, but in such a position as to be under two fires,the enemy's shells bursting over us, and our own shot tearing limbs of trees to splinters above our heads, which became dangerous for my men. Here I lost several men wounded, as two of my companies - E and I - were out skirmishing with the rebels, under command of Captain Charles A. Angle, my acting major, on the river front. Early on the morning of the 14th we left our position of supporting batteries for Resaca. We crossed a bridge under the rebel works, where we received a deadly fire from artillery and infantry, under cover of rifle-pits. Here I lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded,and would have lost many had I not immediately, seeing the danger, ordered my men under cover. Shortly after an order came to return to our brigade, ordered to the rear for refreshment and rest; but at that moment our right center, under General Morgan L. Smith, being repulsed, I was ordered,with my regiment,to his support, passing through the right under the rebel works. After arriving on the new position assigned me the Thirty-fifth gave three rousing cheers, tending to inspire our troops in front with fresh energy, when the rebels opened a cross-fire of shot, shell,and canister upon us as we advanced, but fortunately we escaped with 1 man wounded. At 9.30 p.m. we were ordered to throw up intrenchments, which we did,and at 3 a.m. the 15th we were safely behind them,where we lay safe all the following day, delivering a murderous fire, and repulsing every attempt made by the rebels to advance, the enemy's fire taking no effect upon us. Some time during the night the rebels evacuated Resaca, and Captain Angel, with the two companies under his command, was ordered to enter the town, which duty the performed admirably, capturing 30 rebels and two mails, one to and one from their army,which they did not have time to assort.

In respect to the behavior of my regiment in this action, I cannot find words to express my satisfaction. Offices and men tried to outdo each other in gallant behavior, especially Captain Charles A. Angel, acting major, and Lieutenant David Pierson, acting adjutant. To both those officers great honor is due. I not alone recommend them to Your Excellency, but the whole regiment to a man, acting like a body of soldiers grown old in battles. I feel as proud of them as Napoleon did of his "Old Guard." They have earned and won for themselves a gallant name among our western troops in the Department and Army of the Tennessee.

JOHN J. CLADEK,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Governor PARKER.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH NEW JERSEY VET. VOL. INFTY., In the Field, Ga., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to orders, I have the honor to forward a report of the party my regiment took in the engagement with the enemy at Decatur, Ga., July 22, 1864.

My regiment being camped in the lower part of the town on left flank, according to your orders, at the commencement of the conflict, I marched my regiment to the railroad, as the heaviest firing appeared to be there, but hardly had I reached that point and formed

