
line of battle when I became hotly engaged with the enemy,the regiment on my right having been driven across the railroad, thus leaving my right flank exposed to the enemy, which was immediately taken advantage of by them. At the same time cavalry and infantry of the enemy got between our picket-line and the left flank of my regiment. Seeing that I would shortly be cut off and not receiving orders, although checking the enemy for the time being in my immediate front, I retreated up the hill about fifty yards,and immediately faced about and commenced firing. Knowing that it depended upon my regiment to cover the left of the brigade, I sent a company to the left between the houses and the field this side of my camp. At this time the regiment on my right again fell back, with the exception of Captain Gilmore, Sixty-third Ohio Volunteers, with a number of his men, who kept upon my immediate right flank. Captain Sine, Company E, whom I sent to the left to cover my flank at once became hotly engaged, being forced again to fall back step by step, and contesting sharply with the enemy for every foot of ground lost. The men of my regiment cheered lustily,which had the effect to cause the enemy to feel their way more cautiously into town. At this time I changed front to the rear to resist an attack upon my left about being made,but seeing our battery and infantry falling back more rapidly them I expected, I immediately worked my way up to the public square to cover the artillery. At this time the ammunition of my regiment became exhausted. I reported this fact to you, and your orders were to follow slowly on.

As to recommending officers and men for good behavior it would be difficult for me to discriminate, as all my orders were promptly and cheerfully obeyed. Lieutenant-Colonel Henry being field officer of the day, I was deprived of his fallible services. Lieutenant David Pierson, acting adjutant, acted with his usual coolness. Captain Rowell, Company K; Captain Dayton, Company C; Captain Carman, Company I; Lieutenant Crowell, Company A - all these officers showing great gallantry. In fact, the officers and men of my regiment showed no signs of giving up the contest without making the enemy pay dearly. Two companies - Captain Dusenberry, Company I, and Second Lieutenant Oliphant, Company D, with their commands -were captured while upon picket duty, losing all but 9 men of the two companies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. J. CLADEK,

Colonel Thirty-fifth New Jersey Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 16th Army Corps.

No. 559.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Henry, Thirty-fifth New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. 35TH Regiment NEW JERSEY VET. VOL. INFTY., Near East Point, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the part that this regiment took in the campaign just brought to a close.

On the 1st of May the regiment marched from Decatur, Ala., to Woodville, and thence by rail to Chattanooga. From thence marched to Resaca, Ga., and on the 9th advanced on that town, and

