
caused trees to be felled, forming an abatis, and extra picket to be posted, and otherwise taking all the precautions that I deemed necessary to insure our safety. On the 26th we retraced our steps and joined the main train, with which we continued to do duty until relieved September 8,on which day I reported to brigade headquarters for duty.

In conclusion, I would state that the conduct of the officers and men of this command has been all that could be desired. In the hour of danger and battle they have always shown the most determined bravery and cheerful obedience to orders, which is so necessary to insure success. Of Colonel Cladek (now absent on duty, but in command of the regiment through most of the campaign) I must say that his good judgment, habits of discipline,careful attention to the wants of those under his command, and his cool, determined bravery on the fields of battle, thus giving a noble example to his officers and men, has proven him to be an efficient and accomplished officer, of whom his officers and men will ever feel proud.

Recapitulation: Killed, 18; wounded, 80; missing, 41. One man killed on picket-line on the 11th of August not included in the above.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. HENRY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth New Jersey Vet. Vols.

Captain D. H. WILLIAMS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 16th Army Corps.

No. 560.

Reports of Colonel Wager Swayne, Forty-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with recent orders, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 22nd instant this regiment, with five companies of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry and one section of Battery C, First Michigan Artillery, all under my command,left Roswell, escorting a train of 400 wagons of the train of the Army of the Tennessee. As the advance of the train neared Decatur it was discovered that the enemy was cannonading the village, and afterward that he was in possession of it. The head of the train was turned to the right down a cross-road leading to the rear of the Twenty-third Corps, except a small portion belonging to the Seventeenth Corps, which, moving with difficulty, was turned to the right down a by-road a mile farther to the rear. At the crossing first named the troops distributed through the train were accumulated and disposed for defense, except three companies of the Ninth Illinois, Major Kuhn, commanding, which moved on to assist Colonel Sprague with his brigade, retiring from Decatur by the same road. The entire train passed in safety, and the enemy making no demonstration my command followed it a quarter of a mile, when it rejoined the brigade already in position.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,WAGER SWAYNE,

Colonel Forty-third Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

33 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

