
a few moments when the enemy opened upon them with artillery and charged with so much superior force in front and upon their right flank as to cause them to fall back. Company I, Lieutenant James A. Gilmore commanding, was on provost duty in Decatur, formed in the public square, and met the enemy, fell back fighting and in good order to the ridge north of town,where, deploying as skirmishers in front on the left flank, protected the disarranged parts of the brigade, which were being rallied on the ridge. Company H, Lieutenant Charles M. Harrison commanding, was the only company left in camp. This company and the camp guard took position to the right of section of Chicago Board of Trade Battery. The enemy advanced in greatly force and it became necessary for the battery to retire. While retiring the battery became entangled in a heap of old iron and was in danger of being captured. In order to save the battery Company G, which had formed on the left of battery, and Company H fixed bayonets and made a determined charge on the advancing line of the enemy, causing it to fall back to the railroad and giving the battery time to get off,and giving a large wagon train of the Fifteenth Army Corps time to leave the field, which, but for this charge, would have fallen into the hands of the enemy. These companies, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Brown, then fell back in good order to court square. Adjt. Howard Forrer was killed during this movement. The other companies of the regiment coming in at this time were rallied and formed on south side of court square with part of the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry, and held the ground until completely flanked on right and left, when we were ordered to fall back to ridge north of the town. In rallying the regiment at this point Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Brown was severely wounded and carried from the field. The enemy continuing the attack with a much superior force in front and on both flanks obliged us to fall back to the cover of the woods, and we took position with the balance of the brigade.

The casualties in the regiment were as follows, viz: Commissioned officers - killed, 1; wounded,4; missing, 1; total, 6. Enlisted men - killed,10; wounded, 44;missing, 33; total,87. Aggregate, 93.

With very few exceptions both officers and men displayed unusual gallantry and courage in their behavior. Of the enlisted men I would make special mention of the following for unusual bravery, perseverance, and success in rallying disorganized portions of the regiment, viz: Madison Hoon, sergeant-major; Andrew Smith, first sergeant Company B;Alexander C. Harper, sergeant, Company A; George W. Rike, sergeant, Company C; Chester M. Wilson, sergeant, Company D; Stewart Martindale, sergeant, Company E;Franklin Worthen, color-sergeant Company C, and Alonzeo J. Shuman, private, Company D,who when the banner bearer (Corpl. William J. Harris, Company C) was shot dead, picked up the banner, waved it above his head, and called upon the men to stand by him for he would die before our banner should fall into rebel hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FOUTS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

