
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VET. INFANTRY, In the Field, September 5, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of proceedings of the Sixty-third Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry from May 1, 1864, to September 2, 1864:

May 1, the regiment started from Decatur, Ala., crossed to the north side of the river, marched twelve miles east, and bivouacked. May 2, marched sixteen miles and bivouacked at Huntsville, Ala. May 3, marched twenty miles and bivouacked near Chattanooga railroad. May 4,marched seven miles and rested at Woodville; at 3 p.m. took the cars of the Chattanooga. May 5, arrived at Chattanooga in the morning; moved at 4 p.m. and marched seven miles and bivouacked near Rossville. May 6,marched eight miles to Gordon's Mills; had 1 man killed by a falling limb of a tree. May 7, marched seventeen miles and bivouacked near Mattox Gap, in Taylor's Ridge. May 8, marched twelve miles; passed through Villanow. May 9,took part in the reconnaissance in force made by Major-General McPherson near Resaca, Ga.; moved eight miles toward Resaca and moved back four miles in the evening and encamped, and occupied Snake [Creek] Gap. May 10, moved forward two miles and returned in the p.m. to former camp. May 11, remained in camp. May 12, moved one mile and a half to the front and encamped. May 13, moved two miles to the front and formed line of battle; took part in the fight near Resaca; had 2 men wounded. May 14, remained in position, being unable to advance on account of an impassable streaming our front; skirmishing all day; had 9 wounded; in p.m. the regiment was detached to support a section of a battery. May 15, remained supporting the battery,and were not in action during the day. May 16, the enemy having evacuated Resaca, the regiment moved with the brigade seven miles and a half to the right, crossed the Oostenaula River at Tanner's Ferry on a pontoon bridge, formed line on battle,and lay under arms all night.

May 17,in bivouac during the day; moved at 7 p.m.; marched nine miles; halted at midnight. May 18, marched fifteen miles; passed through Adairsville and bivouacked at 4 a.m. May 19, marched seven miles and bivouacked one mile west of Kingston, Ga. May 20,21, and 22, remained in camp near Kingston, Ga. May 23,moved at midnight; marched eight miles, crossed the Etowah River, and encamped at 3.30 a.m. May 24, started at 6 a.m., marched fourteen miles, and bivouacked at Van Wert. May 25, marched eight miles toward Villa Rica, and bivouacked at midnight. May 26, moved at 3 a.m. one mile southeast and seven miles northeast toward Dallas; formed line of battle and moved one mile through the town and bivouacked. May 27, formed line of battle and commenced skirmishing; lost 4 men killed and 4 men wounded. May 28, skirmishing; lost 2 men killed and 2 wounded. May 29, skirmishing; lost 1 man wounded. May 30, skirmishing; lost 4 men wounded. May 31, skirmishing; lost 1 man wounded.

June 1, the regiment was in position in face of the enemy; moved five miles in a northeast direction, in the rear and toward the left of the army; encamped on Pumpkin Vine Creek; worked all night fortifying our position. June 2, remained in camp; slight skirmishing in our front. June 3, moved east two miles and encamped.

