
June 4, changed our position by moving half a mile to the right. June 5, marched five miles in the direction of Acworth and bivouacked. June 6, marched ten miles and bivouacked at Acworth. June 7,8,and 9, remained in camp. June 10, marched five miles to Big Shanty Station, on the Atlanta railroad, and bivouacked in line of battle. June 11,took part in reconnaissance in force; moved two miles to the front, skirmishing. June 12 and 13, remained in position, skirmishing. June 14, advanced our line half a mile, skirmishing. June 15, advanced,driving the enemy's skirmishers half a mile; had 3 men wounded in camp. June 16, engaged in skirmishing; had 1 man killed and 1 wounded. June 17, skirmishing; had 1 man killed and 2 wounded. June 18, skirmishing; had 2 men wounded. June 19, moved forward about one mile,the enemy having fallen back; commenced skirmishing; had 1 man wounded. June 20, skirmishing; had 2 men wounded. June 21 and 22, remained in camp. June 23,skirmishing at Kenesaw Mountain; lost 3 men wounded. June 24, remained in camp. June 25, moved half a mile to the front and occupied the front line of breast-works. June 26 and 27, remained in camp; had 1 man killed whilst in camp. June 28, regiment went on the skirmish line on Kenesaw Mountain; had 1 man killed. June 29, skirmishing; lost 3 men wounded; relieved and went to camp 8 p.m. June 30, remained in camp.

July 1, remained in camp at foot of Kenesaw Mountain. July 2, remained in camp; received orders to march at a moment's notice. July 3, after the evacuation of Kenesaw Mountain by the enemy the regiment marched west and south to near Nickajack Creek, 12 miles. July 4, moved two and a half miles to the front, formed line of battle, fortified our position, and supported the First Brigade in a charge, in which they were successful. July 5, marched southwest five miles and bivouacked on the Sandtown road. July 6, moved four miles toward Chattahoochee River and bivouacked. July 7, moved two miles toward Howell's Ferry and bivouacked. July 8, skirmished with the enemy across Chattahoochee River. July 9, evacuated position on the Chattahoochee River, marched 17 miles, passed through Marietta, and bivouacked on the road to Roswell. July 10, marched thirteen miles and forded the Chattahoochee River and encamped on the south bank. July 11 to 16, remained in camp on south bank of Chattahoochee River. July 17, marched seven miles and bivouacked near Nancy's Creek. July 18,marched six miles bivouacked near Peach Tree Creek. July 19, marched five miles, formed line of battle, and bivouacked at Decatur, Ga. July 20, marched three miles toward Atlanta and took position in reserve for the Fifteenth Army Corps. July 21, moved back to Decatur, Ga., to relieve cavalry and guard the trains of the Army of the Tennessee. July 22, took part with the brigade in the engagement at Decatur, Ga. Two companies of this regiment by a charge upon a superior force of the enemy saved from capture a section of the Board of Trade Battery and a large wagon train of the Fifteenth Army Corps. The enemy attacked on all aides a very superior force,and, after two hours' hard fighting we were finally driven out of the town the loss of 1 commissioned officer (Adjt. Howard Forrer) killed, 4 wounded, and 1 wounded and taken prisoner; enlisted men, 10 killed, 44 wounded, and 31 missing; aggregate, 91. Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Brown severely wounded in leg, rendering amputation necessary. (Four fuller details of this day's fight see appended

