
and provide for the hospitals until all wounded were sent back to the rear. A surgeon in charge, and one to each fifty patients, were left, and all others ordered to rejoin their commands. Medical supplies to last for the few days these hospitals were expected to be kept up were left, but several days' delay beyond the time thought requisite for their removal having occurred, several articles of supplies became exhausted, and were replenished with a good deal of reluctance, as I was informed, from the purveyor of the Army of the Cumberland.

Before going further, it may be well to state how it happened that we were dependent on this army for supplies. During the winter and spring, and up to within ten days of receiving orders to march, Huntsville, it was thought, would be the base of operations for the Army of the Tennessee, and, therefore, all stores had been ordered to this point. The order to march to Chattanooga was so sudden that time was not given to have these, or a portion of them in charge of a purveyor, sent to the field, Immediate steps were taken to supply this want, by ordering Assistant Surgeon Brewer, medical purveyor, to the field. He joined us with full supplies of all kinds, about the 1st of June, near Acworth. This was in good time to relieve the wounded from the battle of Dallas, which was fought on the 25th of May. From Resaca to Dallas the march occupied ten days, attended with more or less skirmishing every day. The weather was fine, roads good, a pleasing country, and water excellent, and marches generally easy. As a result of all this the health of the men improved vastly in this time, and many who began the campaign so debilitated as to be scarcely able to walk, were now able to march all day. The arrangement of the field hospitals it will not be necessary to detail here again. The battle of the 28th, and the minor operations before and after it, sent to the field hospitals 614 wounded men. A large number of the rebel wounded fell into the hands of our surgeons on the 28th. On the 31st Army of the Tennessee ordered to withdraw and move five miles farther to the left. All wounded were moved day before to proper locations in rear of new position. Rebel wounded left in care of their friends in the town of Dallas.

On 5th of June Army of Tennessee ordered to extreme left, enemy having run away night before. All wounded to be put into ambulances again and removed to Acworth, a distance of twelve miles. Here the hospitals were again established, and wounded made a comfortable as practicable in the field. Two days after this orders were received to remove all wounded and sick behind fortifications of Allatoona Pass. A good site was found about two miles behind Allatoona, and the hospitals of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps removed the same afternoon. The distance was about seven miles. This proved an unusually convenient place for hospital. It was near an extensive smelting furnace and foundry. A number of caldrons were found, and placed in furnaces for purposes of making soup, washing, &amp;c. The division organization of the field hospital was not kept up here, but the several division hospitals consolidated into a corps hospital, and this place under charge of surgeon supposed to have some aptness for administrative and executive duties. That of the Fifteenth Army Corps, under charge of Surg. A. Goslin, Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, became recoveries than here during the six weeks the hospital was kept up. That of the Sixteenth

