
copy of report of July 26, 1864.*) July 23, reoccupied Decatur and moved west of the town and fortified our position near Conscript camp. July 24, regiment assisted in destroying the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad. July 25, rejoined our corps and went into position in reserve. July 26,moved during the night to the rear and toward the extreme right of the army. July 27, continued our march and arrived at the extreme left at 4 p.m.; moved in line of battle one mile; darkness coming on we halted and fortified our position. July 28, moved to the front 150 yards, fortified our position, and encamped. July 29, remained in camp. July 30, moved to the right and relieved a division of the Seventeenth Army Corps. July 31, moved back to our old position of the 30th.

August 1, occupying our old position of July 31; the enemy threw 64-pound shell into camp. August 2, regiment went on the skirmish line. August 3, relieved from skirmish line and occupied our old camp. August 4 to 7, remained in camp. August 8, regiment went on the skirmish line. August 9, relieved from skirmish line and occupied second line of works. August 10, remained in camp. August 11, moved to front line of works and relieved Forty-third Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry. August 12,spent the day in strengthening our position; lost 1 man wounded whilst in camp. August 13 to 15, remained in camp. August 16, regiment on skirmish line; lost 1 man wounded whilst in camp. August 17, relieved from skirmish line and occupied our old position; lost 1 man wounded. August 18, 19 remained in camp. August 20, remained in camp; lost 1 man killed whilst in camp. August 21 to 25,remainder in camp. August 26, evacuated our position at 1 a.m. successfully and took position on the relieved line and strengthened our works; moved again at 9 p.m. and marched all night. August 27, marched all day and bivouacked near Camp Creek, having marched eleven miles.

August 28, moved south and east seven miles and bivouacked near West Point Railroad. August 29, marched three miles south of Fairburn, on West Point railroad, and destroyed the railroad from there back six miles, and returned at dark to our camp of the previous day. August 30, marched all day and at midnight bivouacked near Macon railroad. August 31, moved half a mile to the front and fortified our position on the right flank of the army.

September 1,regiment on picket. September 2,relieved from picket; marched south through Jonesborough, the enemy having evacuated; bivouacked four miles south of Jonesborough; received official dispatch of the occupation of Atlanta.

Recapitulation: This regiment has marched during the campaign upward of 355 miles; participated in the battles of Resaca, Dallas, Kenesaw Mountain, Decatur, Atlanta, and Jonesborough, and lost in killed, wounded, and missing as follows, viz: Commissioned officers - killed,1; wounded, 4; wounded and taken prisoner, 1. Enlisted men - killed, 22; wounded, 88; missing, 31. Aggregate, 147.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FOUTS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p.516.

---------------

