
No. 562.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah M. Rusk, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH WISCONSIN VET. VOL. INFTY., In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to Special Field Orders, No. 45, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, and Special Orders, No. 70, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, received this morning, I have the honor to make the following report of the part this command took in the battle of July 22, at and near Decatur, Ga.:

Companies D and G were on picket, under command of Captain M. E. Leonard, about one mile south of Decatur; at 12 m. Companies B, E, F, and I,with four companies from the Sixty-third Ohio Infantry,under the command of Colonel Milton Montgomery and myself, were ordered out on the road leading south to ascertain what the strength and position of the enemy was (it having been reported that the enemy was in overwhelming force). We moved forward, deploying two companies about half a mile, when we discovered the enemy in strong force. At this movement we were informed that the enemy was coming in on our left, when Colonel M. Montgomery moved rapidly to the left with six companies, leaving me in charge of the right. At this moment I discovered a line of battle on my right flank advancing rapidly, also a heavy force was coming in on our left. We were obliged to fall back to the line of battle,composed of one section of the Chicago battery and Companies C, H and K of our regiment; were under command of Major W. H. Joslin. Here we attempted to make a stand, but finding the enemy were closing in on both flanks we fall back to town. Here was successfully checked the enemy,holding our position until ordered to fall back farther. In falling back we had a swamp and deep ditch to cross. Colonel Montgomery got his horse down and had to abandon him. He took his revolvers from the holders, and I am told fired several shots at the enemy. He was shot in the arm, breaking it between the wrist and elbow, and was captured.

Of the officers and men engaged on this day I have no particular one to recommend or make special mention of. They all did their duty nobly,and with credit to themselves and the cause.

List of casualties were forwarded you a few days ago.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. M. RUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 16th Army Corps.

HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS., Near East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following details in regard to this regiment - the part taken by it from May 1 to the present time:

The regiment left Decatur, Ala., proceeding via Huntsville, and took cars on the 4th of May, arriving at Chattanooga at 12 am. [midnight]. On 5th marched five miles and camped. 6th, arrived at Gordon's

