
our battalion. 5th, Company F on skirmish line; orders received to be ready to move, the enemy retiring; we marched to the rear until we struck the Sandtown road, and proceeded till we reached within two and a half miles of the Chattahoochee River, and encamped. Here we remained till the 7th at 1 p.m.; we then marched two miles to the front, toward the river, where heavy firing was heard at the crossing. Here we remained till the 9th at 7 a.m., when we marched back, passing through Marietta, Ga., and encamped. 10th, started at 6 a.m., and proceeded to Chattahoochee River and crossed the same by wading, the brigade having been burnt by the enemy, and encamped south side of river on high hill. Here we remained till the 17th at 12 noon; proceeded on the Cross Keys road about five miles, when there was heard in front heavy firing and to the right; we closed column at half distance to the right of road until reconnaissance was made; Company B sent out as skirmishers on the right; orders received to bivouac for the night, bridge having been burnt by the enemy over Nancy's Creek. 18th, started at 7 a.m. by by-road, and struck the Peach Tree road after crossing the railroad track,and struck to the right on the Decatur road, and bivouacked about 2 p.m., near Widow Elliott's farm. 19th, started at 5 a.m. and proceeded through Decatur, Ga.; considerable firing when we neared the town. 20th, received orders to move quite early, but remained till 6.30 p.m., when we proceeded about four miles, encamping to the right of the railroad and to the right of the Army of the Tennessee, and in rear of General Logan's command; heavy firing all night. 21st, orders received to march back to Decatur, Ga., at 9 a.m., to guard the flank of the trains of the Army of the Tennessee, with section of battery from Fourteenth Ohio, and arrived at former camp-ground at noon; Companies H and C on picket. July 22, Companies D and G on picket; at 11.30 a.m. Companies I, B, F, and E ordered out with four companies of Sixty-third Ohio, in command of Colonel M. Montgomery and Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Rusk (the enemy having been reported in front in heavy force), Major Joslin being left in command of camp with three companies, K, C, and H, and one section of Third Michigan Battery, the Fourteenth Ohio Battery having been relieved; at 12 noon orders received to fall in, as the enemy was then charging the line in overwhelming force. Our lines fell back to camp, when the battery opened on them with effect. We retired to town, where we formed line and succeeded in checking the enemy, when we found they were coming in us on both flanks, we again retired to the crest of a hill on edge of woods, where we succeeded in successfully checking the enemy. We then retired beyond the town half a mile and erected breast-works, when the enemy retired toward the railroad,and was reported at dusk by our cavalry to be fortifying; Company B sent forward on skirmish line, under charge of Major Joslin; no further hostilities during the night. Our loss this action was severe, but we have reason to believe the enemy received a greater loss. July 23, left our breast-works at 6 a.m. and proceeded toward town; found no resistance; made detail to find our killed and wounded; buried the dead and provided for the wounded as far as our limited means would allow; halted about two hours for this purpose and then proceeded on the Atlanta road about two miles and erected breast-works and bivouacked at 12 noon. Remained here till 25th, at 5 p.m., when we proceeded about three miles and encamped in line behind breast-works. July 26, at 5 p.m. orders received for

