
teams to move out and the regiment to move after the Second Division at 12 midnight, but orders subsequently received, we moved out at 6 p.m. and proceeded on Atlanta road about two miles, where we bivouacked behind pits till midnight 27th, then moved back some three-quarters of a mile on same road and took a northerly course, crossing the railroad about 3 p.m., passed on some two miles, and halted to the right; when in position we formed line in rear of Sixty-third and Forty-third Ohio, and advanced in line, driving the enemy some half a mile through the woods, when we halted, expecting to charge the hill in front, but it was not thought advisable, so we lay on our arms all night on side of hill. 28th, this morning moved out to the left of brigade and took position in works occupied by Eighty-first Ohio, when we relieved. At 12 noon the enemy moved on our right, and heavy firing and charging made at 3 p.m.; the Fourteenth Ohio Battery took position on our immediate right. We assisted in building a fort for the battery, when the enemy's batteries opened on our battery, and for about one hour we were under a cross-fire, but no one was hurt, the shell alighting mostly in space left for Company F, who were out on fatigue duty at the fort at the time; firing ceased at 5.30 p.m. 29th, orders received to move, but for some reason we remained all day; the Sixty-sixth Indiana ordered to relieve us,and bivouacked in our rear. 30th, moved out to the right about 10 a.m., and bivouacked behind works. 31st, the regiment detailed as grand guard and moved out to the front. Estimated distance marched, 118 miles.

August 1, the regiment was relieved as grand guard at 8 a.m., and moved out to the left in rear of brigade in reserve. Remained till the 4th, when we moved to works formerly held by the Forty-third Ohio; while the skirmish line was advanced, heavy firing with musketry and artillery. Our division fell back in the evening in consequence of the Second Division not holding the advance they made. August, 5, regiment came back to camp. August 6, regiment moved out at 7 a.m. and relieved the Thirty-ninth Ohio; Companies H, K, G, I, B, and E advanced to outposts, Companies C, D, and F in reserve in works; at 9 a.m. the enemy advanced in double line, but was forced to retire; cartridges expended, 8,000. August 7, relieved by the Forty-third Ohio, and the line advanced, when we supported them. August 8, all day spent in strengthening our works and cleaning our grounds; heavy firing all day in front. August 9, regiment on fatigue duty strengthening the advance line; in the afternoon moved forward and built strong works and other defenses; heavy firing all night. August 10, all day the enemy's batteries have been opened on us, some shots coming very close; 2 officers wounded and several men and 2 horses killed. August 11, at 3 a.m. the Second and Fourth Divisions advanced skirmish line with success, our regiment supporting; enemy opened with shell, and we replied with success. August 12, notice relieved that the regiment would be grand guard to-morrow. August 13, we relieved the pickets at 3 a.m., Lieutenant-Colonel Rusk field officer of the day; at 9 a.m. the enemy opened their batteries on us without damage; ours silenced them for some time; we expended 17,000 rounds ammunition. August 14, the regiment relieved by the Seventeenth New York; heavy firing on the line all day; at 5 p.m. there was heavy musketry and cannonading on our right. August 15,16 and 17, heavy firing on the skirmish line. August 18, enemy opened on us again; skirmish line advanced and held. August 19, our batteries opened this morning;

