
enemy returned some fire, but finally acted on the defensive. August 20,21,22, and 23, nothing particular transpired. August 24, afternoon the enemy opened their batteries and quite a lively artillery fight was the consequence; orders for grand guard to-morrow and that we would move at 9 a.m. for Owl Church. Received Major General G. M. Dodge's address to the soldiers of the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, on leaving the command. August 25, regiment went on skirmish line before early dawn; orders received to draw off the skirmishers at 11 p.m., then at 12 midnight, and finally at 3 a.m. the 26th, at the same time as the Second Division, which was placed to our left; the enemy's pickets fired almost incessantly all night. 26th, pickets were drawn off the line between 3 and 4 o'clock this morning in good order, and took position two miles south of west of Atlanta on ground formerly occupied by the Fifteenth Corps and the battle-field of the 28th of July, with this exception, we now faced to the rear and at right angles with former position; orders received to moved at 8 p.m. to the vicinity of Owl Church and struck the main road, where we waited for the Seventeenth Corps to advance until 11 p.m.; then followed out past the church some two miles and three-quarters and bivouacked till 1 p.m. the 27th, when we moved back on the same road and struck a road to the left, passed on, and at the forks of same took the right-hand road (running east and west), and bivouacked for the night some thirteen from Atlanta, fronting southeast. August 28, orders received to move out at 7 a.m.; started out on road toward the Montgomery and Atlanta Railroad; marched some seven miles and bivouacked for the night. August 29, started out along the railroad and tore up the same until 5 p.m.in vicinity of Fairburn Station; returned to camp and rested for the night. August 30, commenced march at 6.30 a.m. toward the Macon road and bivouacked near Jonesborough for the night, heavy skirmishing in front; marched about fourteen miles. August 31, changed position in line of Forty-third Ohio at 10 a.m. to the right, at 12 m. moved out to the right and took position on east and west line and erected breast-works; town of Jonesborough in sight; charging and heavy fighting on our left by the Fifteenth Corps, supported by the Seventeenth Corps; received congratulatory order from Major-General Sherman that the rebel army was cut in two near Rough and Ready. Estimated distance marched this month about sixty miles.

September 1, heavy firing all day; remained in bivouac. September 2, received orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice; started at 9 a.m., passing through Jonesborough; marched about seven miles, and bivouacked at 5.30 p.m.; heavy firing and cannonading in the front with Hood's and Hardee's corps; reported to the command that Atlanta was evacuated. September 3, received order confirming the evacuation of Atlanta, tearing up of railroad to cease; left camp at 1 p.m. and marched by circuitous route to the right, about one mile and a quarter, and faced to the rear on the right of Forty-third Ohio in corn-field and bivouacked. September 4, remained in camp. September 5, orders received to move at 4 p.m., and moved out about one mile and halted; detail made to strengthen works on each side of battery; at 6 p.m. ordered into works and remained standing under arms till 7 p.m.; remained here all night; detail twenty-five men, under Lieutenant Barber, to report to corps headquarters for guard; heavy rain all night. September 6, commenced march at early daylight and bivouacked

