
in works occupied by us on the 31st of August and 1st and 2nd of September; marched about six miles. September 7, moved out at 6.30 a.m., and marched about eight miles, and bivouacked at 11 a.m., four miles from East Point; seven companies on picket and one on patrol duty. September 8, moved out at 6.30 a.m. in rear of brigade, and bivouacked about 10.30 a.m. about half a mile from East Point in rebel works, grounds being policed for camp purposes.

I cannot close this report without speaking of the valor and patriotism evinced by the officers and men of this command during the campaign just ended, as too much praise cannot be given them for the part they have taken in it. Were I to mention some, I should be doing injustice to the rest, but I would particularly make mention of Color Bearer Pleasant S. Pritchett, Company C, for his noble conduct during the campaign.

I annex a list of casualties from the 1st of May to the present time.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. RUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. H. WILLIAMS,

[A. A. A. G.,] 2nd Brigadier, 4th Div., 16th Army Corps.

No. 563.

Report of Colonel James H. Howe, Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of skirmish (May 27) at Pond Springs, Ala.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Decatur, Ala., May 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 26th instant I received from Colonel W. H. Morgan, then commanding U. S.forces at this place, an order in the following terms:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Decatur, Ala., May 26, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. HOWE,Commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

The Twenty-fifth Indiana and Thirty-second Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry will, with two days' cooked rations in haversacks and properly armed and equipped, march at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning. Two pieces of artillery from Company D, Second Illinois Light Artillery, will be ordered to report to Colonel Howe and march at the same time. The detail now on grand guard duty from the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will remain on duty until the brigade returns. Colonel Howe will report at these headquarters for further instructions immediately.

By order of Colonel William H. Morgan:

A. VERHOEFF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

That upon receiving further instructions, I was ordered to march with the Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteers, and with the other two pieces of Battery D, in addition to the force named above.

---------------

*Aggregating 1 officer and 24 men killed; 10 officers and 119 men wounded, and 3 officers and 23 men captured or missing; total, 180.

---------------

