
associated, but is it will there be unrecorded, I must make it a brief mention. It left Rossville, Ga., on the morning of the 2nd of may, reached Ringgold the same day, remained there until the 7th, when it formed the advance of the brigade and division in the movement toward Dalton and Tunnel Hill, passing through the latter place, from which the enemy was driven with but slight opposition. One-half of the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and took an advanced position on Horn Hill, near Buzzard Roost, to the right of the railroad, where the regiment lay detached for two days. On the 9th it was moved forwarded,and participated with the Sixteenth Illinois in a fruitless attempt to carry by assault the rebel position at Buzzard Roost. Moved on the morning of the 12th to the west, by way to Snake [Creek] Gap,toward Resaca, passing through the Army of the Tennessee on the morning of the 13th. On the 14th placed in position several times as supporting force at First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; at night moved to the right, relieving portion of Twentieth Corps. 15th, lay in trenches all day under sharp picket-fire; lost several men,among them Adjutant Rice, a singularly meritorious young officer. On 16th division started for Rome; reached there on the 17th,and after brisk skirmishing, resulting in considerable loss, drove the rebels out of the town, and took possession on the morning of the 18th. Left Rome on the 24th, marched by Burnt Hickory, near Van Wert. Drove,on morning of 26th, rebel advance out of Dallas, the Tenth being advanced. Here formed connection on the right with Army of the Tennessee. Remained at Dallas under severe and constant picket skirmishing which cost a number of men, until 1st of June, when the division was moved to the left and joined the corps near Lost Mountain. Moved on 6th to camp near Acworth, thence until 19th making short advance until brought up opposite Mount Kenesaw. Lay until 26th marched severe cannonade from the mountain. On 27th moved to the right; formed supporting column in unsuccessful assault along the front of the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps. Followed enemy from Marietta by Nickajack to the Chattahoochee River on the 5th. Lay in camp until 17th, crossed the river above railroad bridge on pontoon; had quite spirited fight on the 18th; Major Wilson and Captain Munson disabled for the campaign. From this time its history is that of the army in general, fortifying daily, skirmishing, swinging to the right, until it was transferred on the 20th of August to the Amy of the Tennessee.

The casualties of the command are as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Total

 cers	 	 cers	 	 ers

32nd Wisconsin	 --	 8	 --	 18	 --	 8	 34

Infantry

10th Illinois	 1	 13	 4	 66	 --	 10	 49

Volunteer

Infantry

25th Indiana	 1	 2	 2	 6	 --	 --	 11

Vetera Volunteer

Infantry

Total	 2	 23	 6	 90	 --	 18	 139

Respectfully,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

