
We lay in our works until the 1st of June,when we moved to the left and halted in the rear of the Twenty-third Corps for supper. At dark we moved to the front and took position on the second line, where we remained until the 4th, when we again moved to the left and joined the Fourteenth Corps (from which we had been detached since the evacuation of Resaca), and were sent to the top of a high hill to the rear of the line. That night the rebels again evacuated. On the 6th we again started in pursuit and marched all day; seeing no rebels, however, we again lay still until the 10th of June. About noon of this day we met then in front of Pine Mountain. That night two companies were sent on picket. Early next day we were relieved and moved to the left and at night formed ourselves to the left and rear of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, where we lay until the 14th, when we again left camp and in light marching order. We went about a mile to the front and threw up log works. Two companies were sent out to support the skirmish line. At 3 p.m. we moved still farther to the left, where we threw up another line of works. The regiment was here formed into two lines, the front line being the right wing and the second line the left wing. On the 15th we had four companies on the skirmish line. On the 18th we advanced our lines a considerable distance to the front and threw up works. That night the rebels evacuated, and early next morning we were after them. They retreated to the top of Kenesaw Mountain. We followed them to the foot of the mountain, where we intrenched and lay until the night of the 25th. During our stay we suffered some form the sharpshooters and artillery on top of the mountain. On the night of the 25th we left the works and moved to the right. Early on the 27th we were thrown into the front line of works then occupied by a brigade of the Twentieth Corps. To gain this position we were obliged to pass for several rods through an open field and in plain view of the rebel sharpshooters. While passing here we lost a good many men. A charge was made by our division that day, but our regiment was in reserve.

We lay here until the morning of July 3. The rebels having evacuated the night before we started early and followed them through Marietta, and were placed on the front line when we came up to them on the evening of the 3d. On the evening of July 4 we were sent on picket. That night the rebels again evacuated and we followed them the next day to the Chattahoochee River, where we went into camp and remained until the 17th of July. On the 17th we crossed the river and marched about two miles. The next day our regiment was sent on the skirmish line and advanced until both flanks reached Peach Tree Creek, when we halted for the night. There was some party hard skirmishing on the right and we lost several men, amongst them Major Wilson and Captain Munson. The next day we threw our line forward until we made the bank of the creek the line. We were obliged to put eight companies on the line to fill the ground given us to cover. During the afternoon the left of the line had some severe skirmishing but lost no men. At night we were relieved by the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry and reported to the brigade, which was nearly in a mile to the left. On the 20th we were sent to the right to picket Peach Tree Creek, but were relieved next morning. On the 21st we moved out the main Marietta road, and after crossing the railroad marched to the extreme right flank and intrenched. We lay quietly until the 26th instant, when we were sent to assist the Sixteenth Army Corps into

