
position. Five companies were deployed and the rest of the regiment held in reserve. We moved out and drove the rebels from their pits, after which we again returned to camp. On the 28th we went on a reconnaissance around the right flank. We returned that night about 12.30 and bivouacked in a field on the right and to the front of where we left in the morning. The next day we took position on the line. On the 30th we again moved forward and took a position, the center resting in a swamp, where we fortified. On the 31st we went out on a reconnoitering expedition and returned the same evening. We remained in the camp in the swamp until the 5th of August, when we moved forward about two miles, and threw up a good line of works. The rebels shelled us pretty severely, though with little execution. On the 7th we again advanced, and this time got in plain sight of the rebel works. We threw up good works as usual, still the sharpshooters bothered us considerably. The left of the regiment was very much exposed. We allowed our camp to remain in this place until the 20th, though we were on several reconnoitering expeditions. On the 20th we were transferred from the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, into the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. We arrived about 3 p.m., and were placed in the works, relieving the Seventeenth New York Infantry, which was to take our place in the Fourteenth Corps. Colonel Tillson was detached from the regiment on our arrival in this corps, and the command devolved upon Captain G. C. Lusk, of Company K. On the 23rd Adjutant Allen and Captain McEnally were sent to Chattanooga to attend to the muster out of the non-veterans, whose terms of service expire during the month of August. On the morning of the 25th instant we received orders to be ready to march at any moment. On the afternoon of the same day two companies were detailed for picket and sent to the rear. At 9 p.m. we again marched, this time to the rear about one mile and took some half finished works, which we soon completed. On the night of the 26th at 9 p.m. we left these works and marched to the rear. We were on the road all night and until noon of the next day, when we went into camp. On the 28th we were detailed for train guard,and marched at the rear of the train until 2 o'clock of the 9th, when we halted and went into camp. On the 30th we started again, and crossing the West Point railroad, we continued in a southerly direction until we came to within one mile and a half of Jonesborough, where we halted. The next day we moved out to the front a few hundred yards and commenced throwing up works. When we had them almost completed we were ordered to fall in in light marching order, and were started off on the double-quick to the left, where we took up a new line and again commenced throwing up works. This time we were allowed to finish them. On the 2nd of September an order was sent around to the troops from General Sherman to the effect that Atlanta was taken and the campaign was ended.

The following is a list of the casualties in the Tenth Illinois Infantry during the campaign, commencing May 1 and ending September 2, 1864: Commissioned officers - killed,1; wounded,4. Enlisted men -killed,13; wounded,66; missing, 10.

Names of commissioned officers killed and wounded in Tenth Illinois Infantry: Adjt. W. W. Rice, killed; Major Samuel J. Wilson, wounded left thigh, severe; Captain Frank Munson, wounded left

