
arm, amputated; Captain Charles Carpenter, wounded left hand, third finger amputated; Lieutenant Samuel K. Baughman, wounded right shoulder, slight.

Respectfully,

G. C. LUSK,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

No. 566.

Report of Captain James S. Wright, Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH INDIANA VET. VOL. INFANTRY, Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, No. 10 dated headquarters Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, near Lovejoy's Station, September 4, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 1st day of May, 1864, this regiment arrived at Cairo, Ill., after having been thirty days in the State of Indiana on veteran furlough, and on the 3rd of May, under orders from Major-General Sherman, it took the cars of Nashville via Illinois Central to Odin, Ill., then Ohio and Mississippi road to Mitchell, Ind., then New Albany and Salem road to New Albany,crossed the river to Portland, Ky., and marched to Louisville, Ky., to the Louisville and Nashville Depot; thence to Nashville, where we took up quarters at the Soldiers' Home awaiting arms and accouterments and outfit for the field. As soon as they were procured we again took the cars for Decatur, Ala., where we arrived on the 12th of May. On the 27th of May we started on an expedition to Courtland, Ala., skirmishing seventeen miles of the way continuously; returned to Decatur on the 28th of May.

On the 26th of July started on another expedition to Courtland, and participated in quite a brisk little fight with Patterson's cavalry, of Roddey's command; returned to Decatur on the 29th of July.

On the 5th of August, 1864, under orders from General Dodge, we took the cars for Atlanta, where we arrived on the 8th of August, and joined the division on the 10th. On the 25th we started with the division on the flank of the rebel army and took an inactive part in the battles of the 31st of August and 1st of September at Jonesborough which compelled the evacuation of Atlanta and Jonesborough,and defeating the rebels under Hood.*

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,JAMES S. WRIGHT,

Captain Co. H, 25th Indiana Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. B. TAIT,

Aide-de-Camp, Third Brigadier, Fourth Div., 16th Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 officer and 2 men killed and 2 officers and 6 men wounded; total, 11.

---------------

