
No. 567.

Report of Colonel Charles H. De Groat, Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN INFTY., VOLS., Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with General Orders, No. 10, I have the honor to report as follows the part which this regiment has taken in the campaign ending with the occupation of Atlanta, Ga.:

On May 1, 1864, the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, then at Decatur, Ala., was ordered to the front, but the crossing being considered of great importance to the army the Third Brigade was left to guard it, and until June 15 was employed in erecting fortifications and doing picket duty, when it received orders to proceed immediately to the front. Accordingly, on the 15th the regiment moved, but when near Huntsville, Ala., it received orders to return to Decatur, where it remained completing the fortifications, doing picket duty, and accompany several scouting expeditions through Northern Alabama until August 4, when it again received marching orders. Friday morning, August 5, it took the cars at Decatur Junction, and on Sunday, August 7, arrived in front of Atlanta, Ga. On Monday, August 8,the regiment was assigned its place in the lines. Tuesday, August 9, moved camp farther to the front, where it remained until the 15th, doing picket duty and such other services as it was called on to perform. While at this camp not a day passed without one or more casualties being reported. Monday, August 15, moved camp still farther to the front, and within one mile of a heavily armed rebel fort, and being in the midst of several batteries of our guns we were daily subjected to furious cannonading, while the sharpshooters posted in the trees killed and wounded some of our very best men. Alarms were frequent and the men were obliged to keep their accouterments on a great of the time. Wednesday, August 24, the regiment moved back to the second line of works. Thursday, August 25, it was detailed to relieve the Eighteenth Missouri, then at work on intrenchments thrown up to protect the rear of our army. After completing the part of these works assigned to it, the regiment marched Friday night at 9 p.m. on the road taken by the Sixteenth Army Corps, continuing the march until noon of Saturday, August 27. Sunday, August 28, orders were received to find the department train of supplies and guard the same. The train moved Sunday at 5 p.m. and continued the march until Monday noon. Tuesday, August 30, received orders to proceed to the front, and at 10 p.m. went into camp within two miles of the of the Macon railroad near Jonesborough, Ga. Wednesday, August 31, regiment was assigned a place in the front line, but shortly after, the Second Division being attacked, the regiment was ordered at double-quick to its support. It held the position taken until Friday, September 2, when it marched into Jonesborough, Ga.

The casualties in the regiment are as follows: Enlisted men - killed, 8; wounded, 18; missing, 8; total, 34.

C. H. DE GROAT,Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel JOHN TILLSON,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, 16th Army Corps.

