
No. 568.

Report of Captain George Robinson, Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Fourth Division, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before, Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the batteries of this division in the engagement of July 22, 1864, as follows:

At the time the skirmishing commenced Light Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, was in position in the works near the left flank of the Seventeenth Army Corps. The Fourteenth Ohio Battery was in park in the rear of the Seventeenth, and near the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. Brigade-General Fuller ordered the Fourteenth Ohio Battery to take a position in his lines, when Major Ross, chief of artillery Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, informed me that it was in position in General Sweeny's line, and that General Dodge wished it to remain there when Battery F was in the Seventeenth Army Corps, and not under my immediate command. As soon as possible I obtained permission to move Battery F, and gave Lieutenant Murray the proper orders. At the time the battery was moving there was heavy skirmishing on the left. The battery was captured by a column that came through a gap in our lines on the road on which the battery was moving. The woods were so dense it was impossible to unlimber the guns or countermarch the battery. Two officers and 12 enlisted men were captured with the battery, besides 2 men killed and 2 wounded. The loss of Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, was at first reported complete, since which time 3 caissons and 2 caissons and some ammunition have been recovered. The Fourteenth Ohio Battery fired 651 rounds of ammunition, breaking the enemy's line,and doing good service generally.

The officers men of this battery and deserving of special notice for the able manner in which they handled their guns under the severe fire of musketry to which they were subjected.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. ROBINSON,

Captain and Chief of Artillery.

Captain DANIEL WEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 569.

Report of Lieutenant Henry Shier, Battery C, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations July 22.

HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST MICHIGAN LIGHT ARTY., Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular, I have the honor most respectfully to report as follows in regard to the part this battery took in the action of the 22nd instant, at Decatur, Ga.:

The right section of the battery being at Roswell, Ga., I had but two pieces - composing our left section - in position, commanding a

