
road leading south to the town. About 10 a.m. observing the enemy's cavalry in the skirt of the woods, about 1,500 yards in our front, I ordered the gun teams harnessed; about 12 m. I received orders from Colonel J. W. Sprague, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, to take a position a little to the right of the road so as to have a greater range for our guns. Shortly after our skirmishers began to fall back before the greatly superior force of the enemy. About the same time the enemy opened with batteries from their right and left; we replied to the left battery. I received in return a cross-fire from both batteries. I still continued firing, but on account of the position of the enemy's guns could not fell the effect of our shots their guns being hid behind the crest of a hill. Our infantry having all been driven in I ordered the section limbered. I received orders from Colonel J. W. Sprague to take a position on a hill near the rail in town, but finding it occupied by the Chicago Board of Trade Battery I moved a little to the left of them and commenced firing at the enemy's left battery; but wishing to embarrass them as much as possible we moved to the right and rear about fifty yards and commenced again on their skirmishers, who were advancing on our left. We caused them to fall back for a short time. Perceiving the enemy endeavoring to gain our right and rear we moved still farther to the right and again checked their advance and kept them from gaining the road on which the train was passing. We then fell back 150 yards and took another position, using a few rounds of canister on the enemy with good effect. We held this position with one company of the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin until all our troops had left town and passed us; we then fell back and fell in line with the Chicago Board of Trade Battery by order of Colonel J. W. Sprague.

Of casualties there were none. Number of rounds of ammunition expended, 59.

Our loss consisted of 1 battery wagon with contents, 1 army wagon with contents, 12 mules with harness, 4 horses disabled by wound and abandoned, 1 horse captured, with riding equipments 2 horses fell in harness, through weakness - abandoned. We lost a number of saddles and valises, which had been taken off horses having sore backs.

This report would not be complete without noticing the good conduct of all the men belonging to the command and engaged in the action, who, although under heavy fire of artillery and musketry, still stood by their piece until limbered, and then followed in every new position occupied by the section.

First Sergeant Gregg, who had charge of the caissons, acted throughout with judgment and bravery, keeping the caissons as near as prudence would allow. Praise should be awarded also to Sergeants White and Cheney for good conduct; the latter had his horse shot under him.

Of First Lieutenant William W. Hyzer, whose section was represented in the action, too much praise cannot be said; his coolness and gallantry under fire cannot be excelled.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. SHIER,

First Lieutenant 1st Michigan Light Arty., Commanding Battery C.

Lieutenant A. C. FENNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

