
No. 570.

Report of Lieutenant Seth M. Laird, Fourteenth Ohio Battery,of operations July 22.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH OHIO BATTERY, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by this battery in the engagement of the 22d:

In the morning at 9 o'clock we lay in part to the right of the railroad near General Doge's headquarters. We very soon after received orders to report to General Fuller at the front and extreme left of our lines, reaching that vicinity near 11 o'clock, and hearing that the enemy was moving on our flank, we, in compliance with the orders of General Sweeny,whose division we had followed, went into position, commanding the ravine from which the enemy was expected to issue. The lines were scarcely formed when the rebel column appeared where we expected to see them, and where we could give them the best possible reception. We opened at once with shell, firing as rapidly as possible, yet on they came. Canister was then used with good effect. The enemy broke, rallied, broke again, and again rallied, but after long and persistent fighting they were compelled to fall back. During the engagement we lost 2 men killed and 6 wounded, 2 of the 6 were wounded but slightly and continued to do duty. The ammunition expended amounted to 651 rounds. Six horses were wounded, 4 of which are rendered unserviceable. Since the engagement 1 officer and 40 men from the Second U. S. Battery* have been temporarily assigned to this battery, which gives us for duty 4 officers and 160 men.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,S. M. LAIRD,

Lieutenant, Fourteenth Ohio Battery, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE ROBINSON,

Chief of Artillery.

No. 571.

Report of Lieutenant Lemuel Smith, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations July 22.

CAMP SEND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH CORPS, August 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Barry, I have the honor to forward to his headquarters direct a report of the circumstances attending the capture of Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, in the action of July 22, and the disposition of the men, public property, &amp;c., since.

On the 21st of July the battery,under command of Lieutenant Murray, was temporarily assigned for duty with the Seventeenth Army Corps, and that evening relieved a battery in that command then in position on the left of the line. On the 22d, when our forces were attacked at that point, the battery was ordered back to its

---------------

*Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery,.

---------------

