
could not connect with the force on his left, he was re-enforced by two more regiments from the same division, with which he recrossed the Nickajack, attacked, drove the enemy, connected with the troops on his left, and materially assisted in the establishment of their present line. By my order he was withdrawn, before I had heard that you desired him to remain, and will occupy to-night the same ground he had last night. About the same hour two regiments of the Fourth Division, Colonel Belknap, commanding, advanced on the Sandtown road to the Widow Mitchell's. A strong line of the enemy was encountered, which was driven back about one mile heavy skirmishing. The enemy,however, opening upon this line from two guns with grape and canister, checked it until re-enforced by three additional regiments, with a section of artillery, under the command of Colonel Hall, Eleventh Iowa, when the enemy was driven rapidly about one mile and a half, when they took refuge in a strong line of earth-works. The skirmishers of Colonel Hall's brigade, in connection with General Stoneman's cavalry, made a determined and gallant attack on the enemy's line, approaching within 500 yards of the works, drawing the fire of the whole of the enemy's force from behind the works, and also that of two pieces of artillery. After duly developing the enemy's force in that direction I ordered Colonel Hall's skirmishers to be drawn in and the remainder of General Gresham's division to move up and occupy the position immediately in front of the works. I also ordered two brigades of the Third Division to move forward about one mile and a half so as to be in supporting distance of the Fourth Division. The cavalry on my right have been very active, entirely covering that flank and keeping fully up with my advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, July 21 [22], 1864-4.30 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy attacked this morning on our left and rear, and Generals Smith and Leggett have been fighting from both sides of the works thrown up last night, repulsing Hardee's corps with heavy loss. The enemy have become quiet, and if I had a fresh brigade I could recover all that I have lost and drive the enemy easily.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,Major-General, Commanding.

General SHERMAN,

Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga.,--- --, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third and Fourth Divisions of the Seventeenth Army Corps, under my command, during the 20th, 21st, and 22nd days of July:

On the morning of the 20th, under orders from General McPherson, I moved my command through the town of Decatur, out on the

