
lines and returned to the charge, but were again repulsed and driven back, leaving their killed and wounded on the ground. About 4 o'clock in the evening the enemy renewed their attack upon the division of General Smith from the east side of the works, on what was originally our rear. The men again jumped over the breast-works, and received the enemy with the same constancy and courage as before. This attack is described by General Smith and his officers as the most fierce and persistent made upon them during the day. The enemy approached under cover of the woods to within less than forty or fifty yards without being perceived, and pressed forward under a deadly fire from the entire division and two regiments of General Leggett's division up to the breast-works occupied by our troops, and until the men could reach one another across them with their bayonets, and the officers used their swords in hand-to-hand encounter. The enemy's in this assault, which lasted three-quarters of an hour, must have been very severe. They finally yielded and fell back with reluctance. In a short time the enemy again advanced from the direction of Atlanta, and at the same time attacked from the flank and rear, using his artillery loaded with grape and canister,and heavy musketry, rendering it necessary to abandon a large portion of the works which had been held by the Fourth Division and by part of the Third Division. A new line was now formed facing south and extending east from the crest of the bald hill captured by General Leggett on the 21st, General Leggett extending also to the right of this hill facing west toward Atlanta with one of his brigade and the Eleventh Iowa, from the Fourth Division, the balance of his division holding the crest and extending eastwardly down the slope of hill in an open field, the Fourth Division forming on his left and extending still farther to the east, facing to the south, and connecting with Wangelin's brigade, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, which I had ordered up for that purpose. These dispositions of the two divisions were made under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery from the advancing enemy, composed of fresh troops, selected, doubtless, for the occasion. It was Cheathan's division, of Hardee's Corps, commanded by Brigadier-General Maney. They made a determined and resolute attack, advancing up to our breast-works on the crest of the hill, planted their flags side by side with ours, and fought hand-to-land until it grew so dark that nothing could be seen but the flash of the guns, from the opposite side of the same works. The enemy seemed determined to retake the hill, which was the key-point to the whole of my line, and controlled, to a great extent, the position held by the other corps. General Leggett was equally resolute to hold this important point, and his troops responded nobly to his spirit. The ground over which this assault was made was literally strewn with the enemy's dead, but as the enemy held the ground up to our lines until nearly daylight the next morning, he was able to remove all of his wounded and the dead bodies of many officers.
The loss in the corps on the 22nd was very severe, amounting to 1,801 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the missing was the Sixteenth Iowa (245 men), which was on the extreme left of the Fourth Division, and was completely enveloped and cut off by the enemy in their first attack, which was so sudden and unexpected in that quarter as to make it impossible to guard against it. In the same attack a section of Battery F, Second Illinois Artillery, which was in position on the left, was captured. Many of the men detailed on the working parties to construct a new line of works in advance

