
were also cut off, and fell into the enemy's hands; but a large number of them reported as missing were either killed or wounded, and left on the ground we were compelled to abandon later in the day.

We captured from the enemy at least 500 prisoners, which certainly equals the number they took from us, and the enemy's loss in killed and wounded in front of the Seventeenth Corps greatly exceeded ours.

On the morning after the fight the enemy sent a flag of truce to bury their dead, and we buried and delivered over to the enemy to be buried of their dead between 900 and 1,000. These were collected from the ground which formed only a part of General Leggett's position. About one-third of the ground occupied by General Leggett, and the whole of the position which had been held by General Smith, having been abandoned late in the day, remained in the enemy's hands, and upon this ground the enemy collected and buried their own dead; but upon this ground the fighting had raged for over five hours, and the enemy had been repulsed, with immense slaughter, in five or six distinct assaults.

The fighting was at very close quarters, and our men generally fought from the cover of their breast works, and the officers and men engaged in this part of the field concur in stating that the loss of the enemy there was equally as great as upon that part of the field which remained in our hands, and upon which we gathered and counted their dead. I am fully persuaded that the enemy's loss in killed in front of the Seventeenth Army Corps must have been at least 2,000. I believe that the killed exceeded the usual proportion of wounded on such occasions, not only on account of the closeness and desperate character of the fighting, but as the enemy charged repeatedly over the same ground upon which they had left their wounded it is altogether probable that many of them were slain by the tremendous fire which swept the ground on which they lay after being wounded. Upon this point General Leggett, commanding Third Division, in his report, says:

We captured about 400 prisoners, and from less than two-thirds of the ground fought over by the division we buried and delivered to the enemy, under flag of truce, between 900 and 1,000 dead rebels. I am fully confident that my division killed and wounded more rebels than I had men engaged.

General Giles A. Smith, commanding the Fourth Division, is equally emphatic. In speaking of the loss of the enemy in front of his division,he says:

My loss was 1,040 men killed, wounded, and missing, and 2 pieces of artillery. The loss of the enemy was not less than 4,000 killed and wounded, 326 prisoners (including 1 colonel, 2 lieutenant-colonels, and several other officers), and 5 stand of colors.

We captured from the enemy 7 stand of colors and 1,000 stand of muskets.

Men who are acquainted with either of these officers will not regard them as in the slightest degree to exaggerate upon such a subject.

I transmit with this report a consolidated return of the killed, wounded, and missing in my command on the 20th, 21st, and 22d.

I call special attention to the reports of General Leggett and Smith, command Third and Fourth Division, respectively, of this corps, giving the details of these actions.

I take pleasure in incorporating into my report the following extracts from the reports of the division commanders, making favorable

