
mention of the officers and men under their command who distinguished themselves for gallantry and good conduct.

General Leggett, commanding Third Division, says:

My losses were heavy and in some respects particularly unfortunate and embarrassing. At the very commencement of the action, even before a shot had been fired from my line, Colonel R. K. Scott, commanding my Second Brigade, was captured by the enemy while returning to his command from a detached regiment, and during the first attack both Brigadier-General Force and his adjutant-general, Captain J. B. Walker, fell severely wounded. These officers, occupying the positions they did and having the entire confidence of their commands, could not be spared without great detriment to the division. This was especially the case with Brigadier-General Force, whose coolness, sagacity, and bravery had long since won the admiration of the whole division and always inspired the men with confidence and enthusiasm. The batteries of artillery in my division, the Third Ohio, Battery D, First Illinois, and Battery H, First Michigan, did very effective service during all of these successive engagements,and their officers and men showed great skill and determined bravery. Captain W. S. Williams, Third Ohio Battery, my chief of artillery, is entitled to great credit for the coolness and skill displayed in adjusting and using batteries,and in saving them when exposed. Especial notice is also due to Colonel George E. Bryant, of the Twelfth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, who assumed of the First Brigade when General Force fell,and to Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Wiles, Seventy-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, who took command of the Second Brigade. These officers, though taking command after the battle opened, displayed great coolness and skill. Captain G. D. Munson, my picket officer, was very efficient in the management of the skirmishers until driven in, and in acting as aide during the balance of the time. My aides, Lieutenant G. W. Porter, and Lieutenant A. W. Stewart; Captain J. C. Douglass, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. H. Hessin, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Major J. T. Rainey, acting assistant inspector-general, all displayed great coolness and bravery in collecting information and delivering orders, and Lieutenant V. Warner, ordnance officer, for his skill in saving his train, and his, and his promptness is supplying the command with ammunition. The character of the fight was such, our front changing so often and rapidly, that the position of a staff officer was more than usually exposed, yet all were prompt and efficient. Lieutenant Hessin fell from his horse severely wounded during the latter part of the action.

I quote as follows from General Smith:

Colonel B. F. Potts, Thirty-second Ohio, commanding First Brigade, handled his command with skill and judgement, contributing largely to the success of the day. He is a through and energetic officer. Colonel W. W. Beknap, Fifteenth Iowa, displayed all the qualifications of an accomplished soldier. Colonel W. Jones, Fifty-third Indiana, than whom there was no braver or better soldier, was severely wounded early in the action, and before he was taken from the field he was struck by a shell, killing him instantly. Colonel John Shane, Thirteenth Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel John C. Abercrombie, and Captain John Anderson, Eleventh Iowa, were conspicuous for their coolness and bravery. R. B. Bennett, chaplain Thirty-second Ohio, carried his musket and fought all day in the ranks, which I learn is his custom on all such occasions. After becoming exhausted, he employed Private Mitchell, Company B, to load him, who was killed by his side. Many acts of gallantry were displayed on the field by both officers and men, but having been but a short time in command of the division, I am unable to give the list of names, but refer you to the reports of my brigade commanders. To Capts. C. Cadle, assistant adjutant-general; J. C. Marven, acting assistant inspector-general; Charles E. Putnam, assistant commissary of musters; George S. Doane, acting aide-de-camp: John E. Gurley, picket officer; L. O. Gilman, engineer, and Lieutenant D. H. Budlong, aide-de-camp, of my staff, I am indebted for valuable assistance. They were active, intelligent and brave to recklessness, acting as scouts, skirmishers, or commanders as occasion required. Captain Gilman was seriously wounded in the shoulder near the close of the engagement, and Captains Cadle, Daone, Marven, and Gurley had their horses shot. Lieutenant X. Picquet, ordnance officer, was captured by the enemy while supplying the command with ammunition.

I have already officially recommended Colonels Belknap, Potts, Malloy, and Scott for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general. Colonel Beknap has received his appointment, and I now renew the recommendation for the others as soon as vacancies occur.

This report would be very incomplete if I failed to bring to the notice of the commanding general of this army and of the Government

