HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 4, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to transmit herewith list of casualties* in this command for August 31 and September 1, together with reports of subordinate commanders, giving an estimate of the rebel loss in my front during those days. The Fourth Division of my corps was not engaged. I desire to call attention particularly to the part taken by H Company, First Michigan Artillery, in this action. This battery has been conspicuous in its effeciency and the gallantry of its officers and men in every engagement of this campaign in which it has participated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with paragraph III., of Special Field Orders, Numbers 117, department headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 4th day of May last I assumed the command of this corps, the headquarters of which was in Cairo, Ill. At that time the corps was very much scattered, one portion (First Division and four regiments) at various points along the Mississippi River. A detachment of the Third and Fourth Divisions had gone up the Tennessee River, under Brigadier-General Gresham, en route to Huntsville, Ala. The remainder was rendezvousing at Cairo, and was under orders to join the main army, under Major-General Sherman. No time was lost in getting that portion under my immediate command in condition to move, and it was embarked and sailed from Cairo for Clifton, Tenn., on the night of the 11th of May. I reached Clifton on the 14th, disembarked the troops, and marched on the 16th at daylight toward Huntsville, which place was reached by the command on the 23d, having marched a distance of 115 miles. The detachment under Brigadier-General Gresham, which had preceded me, reported at this place, and one day was spent in making the necessary preparations for continuing the movement. On the 25th, at 6 a. m., I moved in the direction of Decatur, Ala., with a view to crossing the Tennessee River on the pontoon bridge at that point. Reached Decatur on the 26th and occupied the day in crossing the river. At this point Colonel Eli Long reported to me with a brigade of cavalry to accompany my command to Rome, Ga. I left Decatur on the 27th in the direction of Rome. Under my instructions, Colonel Long, with his cavalry, supported by infantry (which was kindly furnished me by the commander of the post), made a detour to the southwest and rejoined me near Warrenton, having had a successful engagement with Roddey, which was noticed in my previous report of the following language:

On the morning of the 29th he (Colonel Long) was attacked in his camp by Roddey's entire force, with four pieces of artillery. After a sharp fight the enemy was routed and driven from the field, leaving his dead, wounded, and a number of prisoners in our hands. I desire to call attention to the very handsome manner in

---------------

*Aggregating 11 men wounded in Third Division.

---------------

