
which Colonel Long carried out his instructions and fought his command, by which I am satisfied that our march was relieved of any molestaiton, and Roddey's raid on our communications at Athens and Pulaski delayed, if not prevented.

My command reached Rome on June 5, having completed a march of 125 miles from Huntsville. Having communicated with Major-General McPherson, and finding him anxious that I should join, I moved my weary command forward on the 6th, joining the main army at Acworth, where I took position on the extreme left of the army. My command marched a distance of 325 miles in twenty marching days, crossing three mountain ranges and three rivers, besides many difficult creeks, transporting all their supplies, and reaching the army in good health, spirits, and condition. On the 10th of June this corps formed on the extreme left of the army, moved with the army to Big Shanty, and on the 11th moved up to within range of the enemy (in position on Kenesaw and Brush Mountains), and intrenched. The 12th, 13th, and 14th were occupied in intrenching and approaching the enemy's position. On the 15th of June General Harrow's division moved up on our left, charged, and took possession of a piece of wood, which enabled me to advance my lines considerably. The 16th, 17th, and 18th were occupied in strengthening our lines and making new rifle-pits. The morning of the 19th developed the fact that the enemy had fallen back from Brush Mountain to a line extending from the base of Kenesaw Mountain northeast, covering Marietta. My line was advanced at once to the crest of Brush Mountain. The 20th, 21st, and 22nd of June were occupied in strengthening the line on Brush Mountain and advancing the skirmish line toward Kenesaw Mountain. On the 23d, under instructions from Major-General McPherson, I made a reconnaissance with the Third Division (Brigadier-General Leggett's) in the direction of Marietta. General Garrard was ordered to move up with his cavalry division and cover my left. I moved the division by the left flank to a point nearly east of Marietta, and within 800 yards of the enemy's line of works, which appeared to be unoccupied. I opened upon the works with a battery but elicited no response. While making dispositions to advance I was forced to withdraw my command in consequence of an attack on Garrard's cavalry, which was directly in my rear. Having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance I withdrew the division to its previous position. No movements of importance occurred in my command until the 27th, when, under orders, I made a vigorous demonstration with my whole line to divert the attention of the enemy from the assaults made by other portions of the army. The casualties in this command during the day were about 200 killed, wounded, and missing.

Nothing of importance occurred on my line until July 2, when, under orders, I withdrew my command at 8 p. m. and moved in rear of the army toward the right. During the night the enemy evacuated his line of works on Kenesaw Mountain to another line nearer the Chattahoochee River. On the 3rd I moved on the Sandtown road past the extreme right of the army, driving the enemy's skirmishers. On the 4th I moved about three miles, driving the enemy's skirmishers into a heavy line of rifle-pits, on a commanding position from which they opened with artillery. The Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Gresham, having the advance, was placed in position about 1,200 yards from the enemy's works, while the Third Division was ordered to be in readiness to move down the Sandtown road on the right toward Howell's Ferry. During the operations of the day my right was covered by the cavalry, under Major-General

