
it occupied on the 22nd until the morning of the 27th, when it was withdrawn at 1 o'clock and moved to the extreme right of the army beyond Proctor's Creek, taking position near Ezra Church. On the 28th the Fifteenth Corps, whilst taking position on the right of this corps, was vigorously attacked by the enemy. During the engagement, by direction of the major-general commanding, I sent my reserves to re-enforce the Fifteenth Corps. These regiments reached the scene of action in time to prevent the enemy from turning the right of the line, and to relieve some regiments whose guns had become so heated as to be useless. The reports of the commanders of the regiments engaged are hereto attached.

From this time until the 26th of August the command was occupied in making approaches, digging rifle-pits, and erecting batteries, being subjected day and night to a galling fire of artillery and musketry. On the 26th of August the command moved at 8 p. m.; marched all night, reaching Dry Pond at daylight and Camp Creek by 10 a. m. of the 27th. At 7 a. m. on the 28th I moved to the West Point railroad at a point between Fairburn and Red Oak, where, under instructions, a slight line of rifle-pits was erected, and a large fatigue party set to work destroying the railroad, which was thoroughly accomplished for a distance of about two miles. No movement was made on the 29th; the men were kept busily engaged during the day completing the destruction of the railroad. On the 30th my command moved in rear of the Sixteenth Corps, on the road to Jonesborough. In consequence of the delay caused by trains in my front I was compelled to bivouac, having marched only about six miles in fifteen hours. My command moved at daylight on the morning of the 31st to Flint River, where they were placed in position on the north bank, refused on the left of the Fifteenth Corps. During the morning the enemy assaulted the position held by the Fifteenth Corps with great vigor. By direction of the major-general commanding, I sent one brigade of the Third Division, under command of Colonel Bryant, of the Twelfth Wisconsin Volunteers, as a re-enforcement to the Fifteenth Corps. For particulars of the part taken by this brigade in the engagement, I refer you to the official report of Colonel Bryant hereto attached. During the afternoon the remainder of the Third Division (General Woods) crossed the river and took a position on the left of the Fifteenth Corps. The Fourth Division (General G. A. Smith) was moved to the rear about two miles to protect the wagon train, which was being threatened by a force of the enemy, which had crossed two miles below. It having been ascertained that the enemy had retired across the river, one brigade of this division (General Belknap's) was sent across the river at 10 p. m. to take a position on the left of the Third Division.

On the 1st of September the remainder of the Fourth Division was moved across Flint River and placed in position on the left of the Third Division, which position was held until 3 p. m., when, under orders, the whole of my command was withdrawn to the west bank of the river and moved down to the bridge, two miles below. Owing, however, to the circuitous route taken by the officers designated to guide the column, it did not reach the bridge until dark. I, however, moved it across the river and took position on the east bank of the river, threatening the enemy's railroad. The enemy having retreated south during the night, my skirmishers entered and occupied his works in my front, which were ascertained to be very formidable.

