
ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 8. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

During the bloody battle of the 22nd instant, in which this corps was engaged, Private George J. Reynolds, D Company, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, was, while in the performance of his duty on the skirmish line, severely wounded in the arm. In attempting to evade capture he came to the spot where the late beloved and gallant commander of this army, Major-General McPherson, was lying mortally wounded. Forgetting all considerations of self, Private Reynolds clung to his old commander, and, amid the roar of battle and a storm of bullets, administered to the wants of his gallant chief, quenching his dying thirst, and affording him such comfort as lay in his power. After General McPherson had breathed his last, Private Reynolds was chiefly instrumental in recovering his body, going with two of his staff officers, pointing out the body, and assisting in putting it in an ambulance, under a heavy fire from the enemy, while his wound was still uncared for. The noble and devoted conduct of this soldier cannot be too highly praised, and is commended to the consideration of the officers and men of this command. In consideration of this gallantry and noble, unselfish devotion, the gold medal of honor will be conferred upon Private George J. Reynolds, D Company, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, in front of his command. This order will be read at the head of every regiment, battery, and detachment in this corps.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. In the Field, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Upon the recommendation of the Board of Honor, the following awards of medals of honor of the Seventeenth Army Corps are made and published to the command:

I. First Lieutenant David W. Poak, A Company, Thirtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, a silver medal of honor, for gallant conduct on the 22nd of July, 1864.

When his regiment was forced from its position he was conspicuous in rallying the men, advancing to the front, encouraging his men, firing muskets rapidly at the enemy, and, by his voice and gallant example, materially assisting in bringing his regiment again into action.

II. Captain John Orr, H Company, Seventy-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, was awarded a gold medal of honor for distinguished gallantry on the 22nd of July, 1864.

When the enemy planted their colors on our works, with a few men he charged over the works, cut down several of the enemy with his sword, and captured about 50 prisoners. In the latter part of the day, when the colors of his regiment were seized by the enemy, he rushed to the rescue, and fought hand-to-hand, using his sword freely, until the enemy were driven back and the colors saved.

