
ammunition, which he did successfully. He was afterward foremost in two charges in which the enemy was driven back and many of them captured. In one of these charges he was bayoneted in the left hand, but knocked his assailant down with his right first and brought him in a prisoner. He assisted in defending the fort on the hill until the morning of the 23d.

X. Sergt. Theodore F. Fisher, color bearer, Thirty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, was awarded a silver medal for gallant conduct on July 22, 1864.

When the regiment was formed in the open field to receive an attack of the enemy, who were approaching three lines deep, Sergeant Fisher moved out in front of the line of his regiment waving his colors defiantly in the face of the advancing foe, and kept his colors steadily in advance of the regiment throughout the close and bloody contest and encouraging the men by voice and example.

XI. Chaplain R. B. Bennett, Thirty-second Ohio Veteran Infantry, was awarded a gold medal of honor for distinguished gallantry during the battle of July 21 and 22, 1864. During both these bloody days Chaplain Bennett carried a musket throughout the entire engagements, firing rapidly and cheering and encouraging the men by both voice and example. After the battles, forgetful of fatigue, he busied himself relieving the wounded and bestowing religious consolation upon the dying, displaying in all his actions the qualities of a brave and high-souled Christian patriot.

XII. Sergt. Samuel Denton, E Company, Twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, was awarded a gold medal of honor for having saved his regimental colors during the battle of July 22, 1864.

When the regiment was hard pressed by overpowering numbers, in the confusion of changing front the color bearer was shot down and the colors left on the ground. As soon as Sergeant Denton perceived it he rushed forward, seized the colors, and bore them triumphantly back to the regiment. He was immediately afterward severely wounded.

Each medal awarded by this order will bear the inscription "Atlanta, July 22," and will be presented to the officers and men in front of their commands by their division commanders.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 573.

Report of Colonel Oscar Malmborg, Fifty-fifth Illinois Infantry, Chief Engineer, of operations June 6-21.
HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the engineering operations of the Seventeenth Corps from the 6th instant, when, I pursuant to orders, entered upon the duties as chief engineer officer of the corps up to the present date:

The road from Rome, Ga., whence the corps marched on the 6th instant, via Kingston and Allatoona Pass, to Big Shanty Station, on

