
advance of the first, was ready and occupied, besides rifle-pits still farther to the front for the protection of our skirmishers. After our occupation of the enemy's principal works on the 19th, they were at once remodeled wherever necessary, or new ones built; roads and bridges built across the Noonday Creek, which the heavy rains had raised so as to widen it by hundreds of yards beyond its natural banks.

Every intrenching tool has been kept employed night and day; details from regiments have frequently relieved the hard-worked pioneer companies, all working well and cheerfully, encouraged by the presence, zeal, and attention of their officers from the division generals down. With the limited supply of intrenching implements at our disposal, averaging less than six to a regiment, I beg to call your attention to the extraordinary amount of work accomplished. I estimate the aggregate number of linear feet of field-works of all kinds built by the corps since it took position in front of the enemy on the 11th instant at not less than 20,000, besides 2,000 feet of corduroy road, 150 feet of bridging, and six miles of road cut through the woods in rear of our first line.

Yesterday I received the long-expected supply of intrenching tools, viz, 600 spades, 600 axes, and 300 picks, which were at once issued to the pioneer captains and regimental quartermasters, equally divided between the two divisions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MALMBORG,

Colonel and Chief Engineer, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Captain ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 574.

Report of Lieutenant James R. Dunlap, Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry, Chief Acting Signal Officer, of operations July 22.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, 17TH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Before Atlanta, August 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following brief resume of the operations of the detachment during the battle of the 22nd July:

Communication by signal between Brigadier-General Leggett on the hill taken by him and Major-General Blair's headquarters was duly opened by Lieutenant Stickney, who was subsequently joined by Lieutenant Conard. During the severe fighting on the hill a dispatch was sent by Brigadier-General Leggett to Major-General Blair, stating what might be done if more troops could be obtained. During the heavy charge by the rebels in the afternoon a dispatch was sent to Major-General Blair over this line, stating that he had been forced to abandon some of his works; that he was fighting at right angles to them, and asking for re-enforcements. This was flagged to me by Lieutenants Conard and Stickney themselves, for greater accuracy and speed, under a severe fire from all directions. Subsequently Lieutenant Stickney employed himself in carrying

