HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., July 23, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following preliminary report of casualties, &amp;c., in my command in the action of July 22, 1864: Killed, wounded, and missing--First Brigade, 346; Second Brigade, 370; Third Brigade, 14; wounded and missing--pioneer corps, 3. Total, 733.

My command captured 400 privates, 14 officers, and 2 stand of colors.

The Confederate killed in my immediate front is estimated to be fully 1,400, if not more. We buried and delivered to enemy about 1,000.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very truly, yours,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

COLONEL: My constant duties on the line, intrenching, fortifying, and fighting, has necessitated a delay in making my report of the part taken by my division in the engagements of the 21st and 22nd instant until the present time.

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Blair, I moved my division upon the enemy's works on the hill which I now occupy about sunrise on the 21st instant. The rebels made a stubborn resistance, but my command moved at a quick step until the enemy opened fire, and then struck a double-quick and took possession of their works and several prisoners. The enemy rallied and made repeated efforts to drive us from the hill, but were unsuccessful. In this fight the First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General M. F. Force, was particularly conspicuous and did great honor to themselves and the cause for which they fought. Before 9 a. m. of that day I had a battery in position and threw shells into Atlanta. During the day the enemy were discovered moving to the left, and the Fourth Division moved to my left flank, and our flanks were as well guarded by pickets and outposts as possible in our position and with our limited force. The balance of the day and the following night were used in intrenching and fortifying.

About noon of the 22nd I discovered that the enemy had got to our rear and were engaging the Sixteenth Army Corps, while making efforts to close upon the left of our corps, while still a gap of half a mile on the left of the Fourth Division was only guarded by a skirmish line. The enemy broke through this gap and in a few moments came in heavy force (Cleburne's division, of Hardee's corps) upon my rear, moving over the same ground and in the same direction that I had on the day before. I immediately put my men upon the other side of their works, their faces to the east and their backs toward Atlanta. The enemy came upon us with demoniac yells, but were met with a cool, deliberate, and well-aimed fire that soon checked their advance, caused them to stagger, and then retire in confusion. Those who reached our works were made prisoners. They soon rallied, reformed, and again advanced upon s in the same direction and with the same

