
Captain J. C. Douglass, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. S. Williams, Third Ohio Battery, chief of artillery; Captain G. D. Munson, Seventy-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, picket officer; Captain C. B. Loop, engineer officer; Lieutenant J. R. Conklin, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, provost-marshal; Lieutenant C. M. Marriott, Seventy-sixth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant F. Critz, Thirtieth Iowa Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant A. W. Stewart, Seventy-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, aide-de-camp to General M. D. Leggett--for the prompt, fearless, and efficient manner in which all orders were executed.

Inclosed please find a list of killed and wounded of the division since I took command: First Brigade, 6 killed and 38 wounded; Second Brigade, 5 killed, 10 wounded, 1 missing; Third Brigade, 3 killed, 22 wounded, 2 missing; pioneer corps, 1 killed, 1 wounded. Total, 15 killed, 71 wounded, 3 missing. Aggregate, 89.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Division, 17th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 578.

Reports of Colonel George E. Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, in the battle before Atlanta July 28:

The brigade at 12 m. on that day was formed in two lines, facing westward, and was engaged in throwing up breast-works, when the sound of heavy musketry on my right, in front of Fifteenth Corps, caused me to form in line my two reserve regiments, the Twelfth Wisconsin (Lieutenant-Colonel Proudfit commanding) and the Thirty-first Illinois (Lieutenant-Colonel Pearson commanding) Veteran Regiments of Infantry. Soon after forming them, I received orders from Major-General Howard to send my reserve regiments to the support of the Fifteenth Corps. They were immediately started on double-quick, the Twelfth Wisconsin in advance, and proceeded more than a mile to the right of the Fifteenth Corps. The Twelfth Wisconsin formed on the extreme right of the army, in a ravine, and charged up a hill, from which our men had just been dislodged, thereby nearly turning our right flank, routing the enemy therefrom, capturing and killing some hundred of the foe. This position they held during the day and night following, during which time several charges were made by the enemy, but in each case easily repulsed. The regiment was protected by the slight rail breast-works built by our men, and by the enemy during the short time they held the hill, and improved by themselves after they retook the hill. The regiment lost but 2 men killed and 17 wounded. The Thirty-first Illinois, on its arrival at the Fifteenth Corps, was held in reserve for the same

