
time and suffered no loss. The balance of the brigade, in common with the troops of the division, was exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy's artillery, but lost but 1 man killed and 1 man wounded. The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Proudfit and his regiment in promptly and quickly moving to the place of need, was highly commended by many officers who witnessed their acts. It was without doubt one of the important movements that saved our flank and gained us the victory.

And the following as the part taken by the brigade before Jonesborough, August 31:

At 11 a. m. on that day I was ordered by Brigadier-General Woods to report with three regiments, the Twelfth and Sixteenth Wisconsin and the Thirty-first Illinois, to Major General John A. Logan. This was done in fifteen minutes, and by his directions I was conducted by a staff officer to Brigadier-General Hazen, and under his direction formed the brigade as follows: The Thirty-first Illinois covered a gap fronting an orchard toward Jonesborough, the Twelfth and Sixteenth Wisconsin were moved to the left, with an interval of some two regiments between them, and Thirty-first Illinois refusing their line to protect the flank. Works were hastily thrown up, the Twelfth and Sixteenth Wisconsin being completed to build traverses and wings to protect themselves from shell and bullets of the enemy. The charge of the enemy extended along the front of the Thirty-first Illinois, and seven companies of Twelfth Wisconsin, which was successfully resisted at both points. Owing to the nature of the ground and the formation of our works, other regiments had flank fires over our front.

I claim for the brigade as its just proportion of killed, wounded, and prisoners of the enemy on that day, 262.

The Thirty-first Illinois Regiment, with 200 men, expended in one hour 19,000 rounds of ammunition.

In this engagement the Twelfth Wisconsin had 6 men wounded, and the Thirty-first Illinois, 1 man.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. BRYANT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following in brief of the part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, consisting of the Twentieth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Forty-fifth Illinois and Sixteenth Wisconsin Regiments, from May 1, 1864, to July 22, 1864, under command of Brigadier-General Force, and of the same brigade, under my own command (except the addition of Twelfth Wisconsin Regiment July 12, 1864, and deduction of Twentieth Illinois Regiment transferred out of the brigade July 22, 1864), from July 21, 1864, to date:

The whole command was transported from Cairo, Ill., to Clifton, Tenn., on transports, and marched, via Huntsville and Decatur, Ala., and Rome, Ga., to Acworth, Ga., where it arrived on June 8. The Forty-fifth Illinois Regiment was detached from the brigade at Eto-

