
wah, Ga., June 7, 1864, for guard duty, and have not since joined the command. On June 10 marched to Big Shanty, Ga., and on the morning of 11th of June advanced in line of battle to near Kenesaw Mountain and intrenched. The brigade participated in the charge June 15, also in the charge on Brush Mountain 19th of June, and in all subsequent movements of the division to 27th of June. On that day it was severely engaged in the charge on the enemy's works, suffering considerable loss, and driving the enemy's skirmish line from a hill near his main works and holding the position, under heavy fire, until ordered to return to its intrenchments near dark.

On July 2 brigade was ordered to march, and on July 4 met the enemy's skirmishers on the right of Sixteenth Corps, driving them two miles, taking and holding an important position on the right of said corps. Subsequently its lines were extended for ten miles on the right of the army along the north bank of the Chattahoochee, reaching to Sweet Water Creek, guarding the ferries and picketing the entire front. In this position the Twelfth Wisconsin joined the brigade July 12.

Previous to joining the brigade the Twelfth Wisconsin Regiment had moved with the balance of the Seventeenth Army Corps from Cairo, Ill., to Big Shanty, Ga., being attached to First Brigade, Fourth Division. On 11th of June the regiment advanced in line of battle and intrenched. On 13th of June it reconnoitered a position in front of our picket-line to ascertain the enemy's strength. They charged the enemy's skirmish line, driving them from and advancing beyond their works, but were subsequently met by a force much superior to their own and withdrew, with a loss of 25 killed, wounded, and missing. On July 5, when the Fourth Division was advancing near the right of the army, this regiment charged a line of the enemy's skirmishers in rifle-pits, driving them therefrom, and advancing to the bank of the Nickajack Creek. On 12th of July this regiment was assigned to Third Division, and on 13th of July to First Brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Force. On the 16th of July the brigade marched from its position on the right of the army, via Marietta, Ga., and Roswell, passing through Decatur, Ga., July 20, and bivouacking four miles from that place, our line of battle, facing west, at foot of hill occupied by the enemy.

At 7 a. m. on the 21st the brigade was ordered to charge and hold the hill in its front. The Twelfth and Sixteenth Wisconsin Regiments formed the advance of the charging column, supported by the Twentieth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Illinois Regiments. The charge was made under very heavy musketry, the enemy being protected by intrenchments on the crest of the hill. The works were taken at the point of the bayonet and held, with aggregate loss to the First Brigade of (except Twentieth Illinois Regiment) about 258 killed, wounded, and missing. The steady and unwavering advance of the columns under the terrible fire from the enemy's line (Cleburne's famous division), advantageously posted behind intrenchments, was such as to merit for both officers and men the highest record for courage and skill. In this charge the Twelfth Wisconsin Regiment lost out of less than 600 men engaged 134 men killed and wounded. It captured more small-arms than it had men engaged, many of the arms still loaded and capped. It had 5 color bearers shot and 2 flag-staffs shot off. Other regiments of the brigade behaved with equal gallantry, but suffered less loss.

