
11th and 12th advanced, continually driving the enemy's skirmishers, and threw up a line of works. The skirmishing at this point was very severe and our loss in killed and wounded considerable. We skirmished at this place continually until June 17, when we dislodged them from their position (which was a strong one). We occupied the enemy's advanced works until June 21, when we advanced and occupied a mountain range near Kenesaw, which we found strongly fortified and occupied only by skirmishers. We advanced our lines 1,000 yards to the front and there threw up a strong line of works, skirmishing actively night and day. On the 27th of June we made a reconnaissance to the extreme left, to attract the enemy's attention, in favor of the Fifteenth Corps. In the evening of same day moved to the right, which brought us directly in front of our true position. Advanced on the enemy's works to within less than fifty yards and engaged them spiritedly for over an hour. The enemy receiving heavy re-enforcements, we retired our line and continued the fight until dark, when we fell back to our works; loss, considerable.

We continued to occupy in front of the mountain until July 2, when we moved to the extreme right of the army, reaching there July 4. On the 5th reached the Chattahoochee River at Cooper's Ferry. On the 6th moved to the Nickajack and threw up a heavy line of works, skirmished with the enemy across the Chattahoochee and Nickajack, and by under a heavy cannonading from the enemy. On the night of the 9th the enemy retreated across the river, and we occupied their works on the 10th, which were very heavy, and picketed the river for several miles, skirmishing across the river continually until the morning of the 16th, when we took up our line of march for Marietta; camped there one night. On the morning of the 17th continued our march to the extreme left of the army by the way of Roswell, thence to Decatur. Encountered the enemy's vedettes on the 19th; continued driving them until the 21st, when we were in sight of the city. On the morning of the 22nd the enemy in heavy force turned the left flank of the Seventeenth Army Corps, and all the troops on the left of the Second Brigade were driven from their position, which left us very much exposed. We continued fighting in this position from 11.30 a. m. until 5 p. m., when we changed front to the rear on the first battalion, and in this new position received the charge of Cheatham's division, which we successfully repulsed, and held our position, and during the night fortified it. The fight during the day and night was very severe and my command suffered severely. We charged the enemy once, drove him back, and fought hand-to-hand in the evening on the left of the brigade for a short time. The enemy's loss was at least 6 to our 1. We occupied our new position until the night of the 26th, when we silently drew off, moved around to the extreme right, reaching there on the 27th. On the 28th moved forward, driving in the enemy's skirmishers, and secured a good position, which we immediately fortified, during which time the enemy made desperate efforts to drive back the Fifteenth Army Corps, which was on our right. We continued to advance and intrench, continually skirmishing until the night of the 26th of August, when we evacuated our works and moved for the Montgomery railroad, by the way of Sandtown. We struck the road at 2 p. m. August 28, and, under some shelling from the enemy, intrenched, and then thoroughly destroyed a portion of the road by burning the ties and breaking the rails. On the

