
30th continued our march for the Macon railroad, arriving before Jonesborough, where we immediately intrenched. Afterward moved three-quarters of a mile to the right, and threw up another line of works, forming the left flank of the Army of the Tennessee (refused); considerable skirmishing in this position.

September 1, being relieved by the arrival of Fourteenth Army Corps, moved rapidly to the extreme right, crossed the Flint River, and intrenched. During the night the enemy evacuated their position in our front, and fell back to Lovejoy's Station, to which place we pursued them and found them intrenched. We drove in their line of skirmishers and occupied a hill within 600 yards of their main line of works. We intrenched strongly and skirmished with them heavily until the night of the 4th of September, when we withdrew and moved toward Atlanta leisurely, arriving behind the enemy's abandoned works on the 8th. On the 9th moved into our present position, thus terminating our long and arduous campaign.

The casualties in the brigade from June 10, when we first encountered the enemy, up to the 9th of September, are as follows: Killed, wounded, and missing--Sixty-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 121; Seventy-eighth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 150; Twentieth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 163; total, 434.

The number of yards of earth-works built by the brigade during the time is 4,880. The number of rounds of ammunition expended, 233,000; number yards railroad destroyed, 600.

In discipline, soldierly bearing, and all those qualities that make the true soldier, this brigade is the peer of any brigade in the service. Through all this long and arduous campaign they have been constantly on the front, never in the reserve a single day that I remember, and through all that time neither murmur nor complaint [was heard], every one doing his duty cheerfully.

I am aware that my report is lengthy; so was the campaign.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. WILES,

Lieutenant Colonel 78th Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding Second Brigadier

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 580.

Report of Colonel Adam G. Malloy, Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since arriving in front of the enemy, nothing worthy of record having occurred previous to June 10, on which date I arrived a Big Shanty. Active operations were then immediately commenced against the enemy, who was in force in front, and continual skirmishing was kept up until the morning of June 27, when, in obedience to orders from General Leggett, I marched my command about one mile and a half from my position before Kenesaw Mountain, to the left and front, forming on the left

