
of the First Brigade and right of the Second. By direction of the general commanding, I then advanced in column of regiments. Skirmishers were thrown out, who, after advancing about a quarter of a mile, engaged the enemy, receiving a volley which, for a moment, staggered them. Major Worden's battalion then appeared in view of the enemy on the crest of a hill, which had hitherto concealed his advance, and received a heavy fire, the battalion replying and charging on their rifle-pits, from which they fled in great confusion, my command taking possession. The brigades on my right and left being then halted, I ordered the same, knowing the movement was intended simply as a demonstration to deceive the enemy. In a short time three of the enemy's batteries opened a concentrated fire on us, which was kept up without intermission for three hours and a half, killing and wounding 19 men. I then, by order of General Leggett, withdrew to the position formerly occupied by me on Brush Mountain.
On the 20th and 21st of July my brigade was held in reserve. On the 22nd its position was on the right of the division. About 3 p. m. I received orders from the general commanding to advance beyond the enemy's works. Up to this time no attack had been made in my immediate front. My skirmishers soon engaged the enemy, who was advancing in three lines, apparently with the view to flank me on the left. I immediately informed the general, who ordered me to retire to the works. As soon as I did so and got in position the enemy appeared advancing in line. Several volleys were delivered with great precision into him, driving him from my front into a ravine on the left, where he again formed and advanced on the First Brigade. In this movement he presented his left flank to my center, when Worden's battalion opened on him with a rolling fire. I immediately sent Captain Geraughty to the general commanding, asking for a section of Company D, First Illinois Light Artillery. The guns having arrived I opened on the enemy's flank, doing, as I believe, great execution. After a few volleys from the Seventeenth Wisconsin, the enemy disappeared from the front of that regiment.

On July 28 only the skirmishers of my brigade were engaged. At Lovejoy's Station, during the two days' skirmish, the command was actively engaged, losing 4 killed and 15 wounded.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of this command. Under all circumstances they behaved gallantly. Many officers signally distinguished themselves by their coolness and bravery; among them I am proud to mention Major Asa Worden, commanding Worden's battalion; Major D. D. Scott, commanding Seventeenth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers; Captain P. Geraughty, acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade; Lieutenant H. K. Carlin, provost-marshal, Third Brigade, who, I am sorry to say, was severely wounded, and Lieutenant John Dela Hunt, picket officer, Third Brigade.

The recapitulation of the casualties of my command since arriving at the front, on June 10, is as follows: Commissioned officers--wounded, 3. Enlisted men--killed, 15; wounded, 103; missing, 6. Total, killed, wounded, and missing, 127.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. MALLOY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Asst. Adjt., General, Third Division, 17th Army Corps.

