
Numbers 582.

Report of Lieutenant William Justin, Battery H, First Michigan Light Artillery, of operations August 31-September 1.

IN THE FIELD,

Near Lovejoy's Station, September 4, 1864.

In accordance with instructions from superior headquarters, I have the honor to report the following rebel casualties (as far as it was possible to ascertain them) in our front on the 31st ultimo and 1st instant:

During the charge made upon the Fifteenth Corps on the 31st I kept up a steady fire, concentrating upon a rebel battery, which was covering the advance of their lines. This firing is represented by officers in the Fifteenth Corps to have been of great service in breaking the ranks of the enemy and destroying the vehemence of his attack.

September 1, the battery held a commanding position, from which a rapid and well-directed fire of short-time fuse-shell was poured upon bodies of rebel troops distinctly seen retreating before the advance of the Fourteenth Corps, causing great confusion and demoralization among them. Upon the enemy's endeavoring to construct rail works to impede the advance of our forces I opened upon them with all six guns, rendering the work too hazardous to be continued. This done I concentrated their fire upon a battery close at hand. This I was unable to silence utterly by reason of its being in works. Its regret, however, was made impossible, many of their horses having been killed and disabled by our shell. The battery was captured by our forces in the spot it had been firing from.

I take this opportunity to state that too great praise cannot be given the officers and men under me for the able manner in which they have invariably executed all commands given them, not only during these engagements but throughout the campaign. They have in many cases fought with no protection whatever, exposed to fire from the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters, never faltering not hesitating in the discharge of their duty.

I have no casualties to report in my command during the 31st of August and 1st of September.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM JUSTIN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery H, First Michigan Light Arty.

Captain W. S. WILLIAMS,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 583.

Reports of Brigadier General Walter Q. Gresham, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations May 27-July 20.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 28, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of yesterday by this division:

My command, in accordance with orders from you, had been extended on the right to cover the front of General Lightburn's bri-

37 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT III

