
gade, of General Smith's division, the right resting on the Marietta road, connecting with General Dodge, and on the left to cover General Leggett's division. At 8 a. m. my artillery opened and kept up a continual fire on the enemy's lines throughout the day. The enemy opened heavily on us in return, but did us little injury. At the same hour I ordered an advance of my skirmish line. The line was advanced under cover of the artillery, driving the enemy's skirmishers back to their rifle-pits, where they met the main line of battle, which opened on them a terrible fire of musketry, at the same time charging them. Our line was compelled to fall back, suffering a severe loss. The enemy's line was masked, and they withheld their fire until our men were close on them, when they delivered it with telling effect. It was an impossibility to advance up the slope of the mountain with the skirmish line, as the enemy were strongly fortified and heavily posted in our front. I could not relieve any portion of my main line to re-enforce my skirmishers without rendering the protection for the roads leading north from Marietta too weak.

The operations of the day showed that the rebels had two or more lines of strong works in our front, held by too strong a force for us to operate against without using the whole division.

My command is now in the same position as on yesterday morning.

I forward herewith the reports of brigade commanders and lists of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

NEW ALBANY, IND.,

------

--, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, during the time I commanded it, viz, from the 27th of May until the 20th of July, 1864:

On the 27th of May, at Decatur, Ala., I was assigned temporarily to the command of the division by Special Orders, Numbers 128, from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, relieving Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, on account of sickness. On that day at 12 o'clock we left Decatur, marching seven miles, and encamping on Phillips' plantation. On the 28th marched thirteen miles; encamped at Somerville, Ala. On the 29th we marched seventeen miles, encamping on Shoal Creek. On the 30th marched eighteen miles, encamping at Warrenton, Ala. On the 31st marched seventeen miles, encamping on Short Creek.

On July [June] 1 marched twelve miles, encamping on Mill Creek. On the 2nd remained in camp collecting forage and resting. On the 3rd marched eighteen miles, encamping near the Chattooga River. On the 4th crossed the Chattooga River by fording, and, marching sixteen miles, encamped near Coosatown. On the 5th marched sixteen miles, encamping on the west bank of the Oostenaula River, near Rome. On the 6th marched sixteen miles, encamping at Kingston. On the 7th marched thirteen miles, encamping on south side of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

