
command took possession of this position, I received a severe gun-shot wound in my leg, which rendered it necessary for me to be carried from the field. I accordingly turned over the command of the division to Colonel William Hall, Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, senior officer with the division.

From the 8th of June until the 20th of July the division was continually in the face of the enemy. Our loss in that time was 49 killed, 381 wounded, and 34 missing.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 584.

Reports of Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations July 21-September 8.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the assault on the enemy's works in front of Atlanta, Ga., on Thursday, the 21st instant:

General Leggett having been directed to swing a brigade around on the enemy's right and dislodge them from a hill on his front and immediately on my left, from which, owing to its commanding position, our lines were greatly annoyed by their fire, I was ordered by Major-General Blair to hold my division in readiness support him, in case he gained the crest of the hill, and met with so serious an opposition as to need my assistance. About 7 a. m. General Force's brigade, of General Leggett's division, moved up the hill, steadily advancing until gaining its summit, when the fire of the enemy became so severe as to evidently endanger his holding the position. I immediately ordered the division forward. The enemy occupied a line of works in my front in the edge of a wood about 600 yards from my intrenchments, the intervening ground being an open field and gradually ascending the whole distance. The division moved gallantly forward in two lines, and were met by a murderous fire of musketry, notwithstanding which they continued to advance until nearing the top, when they were opened upon by artillery loaded with grape and canister at such short range, and with such deadly effect, as to effectually check their advance. The line halted and returned the fire, but evidently without any great damage to the enemy, who lay securely behind his works. This ground was held about half an hour, when General Force having well established his lines, the advantage of longer holding the troops in their exposed position did not seem to me to justify the loss sustained. They were withdrawn to their former position inside the works. Although the enemy's works in my front were not carried, the main object of the assault, viz, enabling General Leggett to hold his position on their right flank, was accomplished.

Colonels Potts and Shane, commanding, respectively, the First and Third Brigades, handled their commands with coolness and judgment, and both officers and men of my whole command acquitted themselves in a highly creditable manner.

