
Not having received the reports of my brigade commanders, I am unable to mention individuals who specially distinguished themselves. When received they will be duly forwarded.

Owing to a change in position and the labor of fortifying it, I am also unable to furnish the names of enlisted men killed and wounded. The names of officers and number of men killed, wounded, and missing is herewith transmitted.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant General, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, under my command, in the engagement of Friday, the 22nd of July, 1864:

After the attack on the enemy's position by my division on the 21st instant, I was ordered by Major-General Blair to move to the left of General Leggett's division, to meet a similar movement of the enemy, who was extending his lines in that direction. The Seventeenth Army Corps now occupied the extreme left of the army, and my division was on the left of the corps, with my line running northeast and southwest along a road known as the McDonough road, with the First Brigade, Colonel Potts, on the right, joining General Leggett, and the Third Brigade, Colonel Hall, on the left, with two regiments thrown back and facing south to protect my flank, and a picket-line running back a mile and a half, to guard against any movement around my rear. This line was intrenched during the night, the enemy being busily engaged throwing up works about 1,000 yards in my front. Early next morning my pickets were advanced in connection with General Leggett's, the enemy's skirmishers falling back with little or no opposition, although they were well protected by log and earth works, a short distance behind which we came upon a nearly completed line of their rifle-pits, the result of their previous night's labor. This position was in full view of and not more than 1,600 yards from the intrenchments in front of Atlanta, which was but a short distance beyond. While making preparations to occupy this line, but before commencing the movement, reports were sent in front the picket-line on my left flank that there were indications of an enemy in their front, and very soon after some skirmishing was heard far back on my left or near, which soon extended along the whole line. The pickets were forced back and followed closely by the enemy's line of battle, which moved rapidly forward, striking my left flank exactly perpendicular to my line of battle. Artillery was also opened from a ridge in rear of their assaulting columns, which did us considerable damage. I directed Colonel Potts to send two regiments of his brigade to Colonel Hall's left, but before they were fully in position they were met by a heavy column of the enemy, which they succeeded in checking until their left was turned, when they fell back to the works. I ordered Colonel Hall to withdraw his two flank

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

