
regiment, which this movement enveloped, and to move them by the right flank around the front or east side of my main line of works, having already directed the men occupying that line to take the same position and drive back the enemy now closely pressing their rear. This movement was promptly executed and successful, except in the case of the Sixteenth Iowa occupying the extreme left, which was completely surrounded, and over 230 men captured. Two pieces of artillery belonging to Company F, Second Illinois Artillery, and in position on the right of that regiment, were at the same time taken by the enemy. My whole line was now hotly engaged, and although fighting from the opposite side of their works from the one intended when they were constructed, still, owing to the absence of an deep ditch, it afforded them very good protection, while their well directed and rapid volleys were doing great execution in the enemy's ranks, driving them back some distance into the woods until their fire was partially silenced. Skirmishers were immediately ordered out, who discovered the enemy not far back, but apparently in no condition to renew the attack. Third disposition was scarcely made when another column was discovered advancing from the southeast, threatening, considering the side of the works we now occupied, our right and rear. To meet this two regiments of Colonel Hall's brigade were formed perpendicular to the work on which the left rested, the right extending west toward Atlanta, the remainder of the brigade still occupying the works. Colonel Potts' brigade was formed about seventy-five yards to the rear of Colonel Hall's perpendicular line and parallel to his, both being directed to hold that position against any odds. By the time these lines were formed the enemy emerged from the woods into the open field in solid column three lines deep, striking Colonel Hall's line on the front and right, forcing him back to the works, our skirmishers on the east side still holding back the enemy, enabling Colonel Hall to put his whole brigade back again on his original side of the work. Colonel Potts' line being longer, and throwing back his right regiment (Thirty-second Ohio), had already opened upon their lines. One regiment of Colonel Hall's, the Eleventh Iowa, occupying the line of works above the left of Colonel Potts' brigade, rendered some service in repulsing this assault, but the main opposition they met was the brigade of Colonel Potts, consisting at that time of not more than 1,000 men, in the open field without cover. They, however, maintained their ground, and after a determined but unsuccessful effort of the enemy to break their lines, he gave way in confusion, and retreated into the woods beyond. It was now past 4 o'clock, and only two regiments' front of our main line had yet been given up. Not five minutes elapsed from the repulse of the last assault when another still more desperate attempt was made from the opposite or east side, in the present rear of Colonel Hall's brigade. Again the men jumped over their works, and the most desperate fight of the day now took place. The enemy having the cover of the woods could in many places approach within fifteen or twenty yards of our works without discovery. Regimental commanders, with their colors, and such men as would follow them, would not infrequently occupy one side of the works and our men the other. Many individual acts of heroism here occurred. The flags of two opposing regiments would meet on the opposite sides of the same works, and would be flaunted by their respective bearers in each other's faces. Men were bayoneted across the works,

