
their whole duty, and, by their example and efficiency, prevented any accident, which, at many a critical moment, would have been fatal. Four times during the battle they were compelled, by attacks in their rear, to change from one side of the works to the other, and change front twice to repel assaults from the left thus occupying seven different positions during the engagement, besides minor changes of a portion of the command.

My loss was 1,040 men killed, wounded, and missing, and 2 pieces of artillery. The loss of the enemy was not less than 4,000 killed and wounded, 326 prisoners, including 1 colonel, 2 lieutenant-colonels, and several other officers, and 5 stand of colors.

Although the enemy held a portion of the left of our works, which was of no particular importance to either party, I consider their attack an entire failure in the object contemplated, a few repetitions of which would destroy their own army.

For over four hours there was no communication with my hospital, and many of the wounded who were unable to walk fell into the hands of the enemy. I think fully one-third of those reported missing were either killed or wounded. Colonel B. F. Potts, Thirty-second Ohio, commanding First Brigade, handled his command with skill and judgment, contributing largely to the success of the day. He is a thorough and energetic officer. Colonel W. W. Belknap, Fifteenth Iowa, displayed all the qualifications of an accomplished soldier. Colonel W. Jones, Fifty-third Indiana, than whom there was no braver or better soldier, was severely wounded early in the action, and before he was taken from the field he was struck by a shell, killing him instantly. Colonel John Shane, Thirteenth Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel John C. Abercrombie, and Captain John W. Anderson, Eleventh Iowa, were conspicuous for their coolness and bravery. R. B. Bennett, chaplain of the Thirty-second Ohio, carried his musket and fought all day in the ranks, which I learn in his custom on all such occasions. After becoming exhausted, he employed Private Mitchell, Company B, to load for him, who was killed by his side. Many acts of gallantry were displayed on the field by both officers and men, but having been but a short time in command of the division, I am unable to give the list of names, but refer you to the reports of my brigade commanders. To Capts. C. Cadle, assistant adjutant-general; J. C. Marven, acting assistant inspector-general; Charles E. Putnam, assistant commissary of musters; George S. Doane, acting aide-de-camp; John E. Gurley, picket officer; L. O. Gilman, engineer, and Lieutenant D. H. Budlong, aide-de-camp, of my staff, I am indebted for valuable assistance. They were active, intelligent, and brave to recklessness, acting as scouts, skirmishers, or commanders, as occasion required. Captain Gilman was seriously wounded in the shoulder near the close of the engagement, and Captains Cadle, Doane, Marven, and Gurley had their horses shot. Lieutenant X. Picquet, ordnance officer, was captured by the enemy while supplying the command with ammunition.

The accompanying diagrams* will illustrate the different positions occupied during the day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

