HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, which I have the honor to command, from the 21st of July, when assigned to the command of the division, to the fall of Atlanta, and consequent close of the campaign. A report of the battle of the 21st has already been forwarded to your headquarters:*

Nothing of importance transpired after the 22nd until the morning of the 27th, when the Army of the Tennessee was moved from the left to the extreme right of the army, my division occupying the right of the corps, the Fifteenth Army Corps protecting the flank with their whole line. On the 28th we advanced some distance, and had hardly got into position when an attack was made on the Fifteenth Corps. I soon received orders from Major-General Blair to send them two regiments to re-enforce their right. I sent the Fifteenth Iowa, Colonel Belknap, and the Thirty-second Ohio, Captain Morris, all under command of Colonel Belknap. About 2 o'clock I again received an order from General Blair to send two more regiments to the assistance of the Fifteenth Corps, and immediately dispatched the Thirteenth Iowa, Colonel Shane, and the Third Iowa. All these regiments were hotly engaged and did excellent service. A report of Colonel Belknap and Colonel Shane is herewith transmitted. On the 30th my division was ordered to move to the right, occupying a position in front of the old line of the Fifteenth Corps. This line was intrenched. We now commenced siege operations; continued advances, and new lines of works were made, with constant severe skirmishing until the 26th of August, when the army was withdrawn and moved to Fairburn, on the Montgomery railroad, which was thoroughly destroyed for many miles, when we moved to the Macon railroad, near Jonesborough, on the 30th ultimo, the Seventeenth Corps, occupying a position on the left of the Fifteenth, my division being on the left of the corps. On the afternoon of the 31st, by General Blair's order, my division moved to the right about two miles and a half, relieving a division of cavalry at that point. We crossed Flint River just before dark, drove back the enemy, and intrenched a line near their works, the Third Division taking a position on my right. The next morning the enemy had left. We started in pursuit, and before night encountered them near Lovejoy's Station, about six miles south of Jonesborough. Line of battle was formed, my division occupying the extreme right of the army.

Atlanta having been evacuated on the 1st, no farther pursuit of the enemy was ordered, but on the 5th instant we started back to East Point, where the Army of the Tennessee is now in camp.

Great credit is due to both officers and men for the patience, energy, and bravery displayed in this long campaign, being almost constantly under fire.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps.

---------------

*See p. 580.

---------------

