
ADDENDA.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Before Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

The following communication has just been received from the general commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General GILES A. SMITH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding having been especially gratified at the brilliant conduct of our troops during the engagement of the 22nd of July, deems the present a fit occasion for the distribution of the medals of honor of the corps. To this end he desires you first to call upon the commanding officer of every regiment, battery, and detachment of your command to send in at once the names of not more than one officer and two men from every regiment, one man from every battery, and one from every detachment of over 100 men. Second, to forward the names of officers or men, such as yo deem particularly meritorious from your own observation. Third, to forward the name of an officer to sit upon a Board of Honor for the purpose of awarding the medals. The general wishes you to be governed by your own idea of gallantry and good conduct, and to mention only such as are conspicuous in a marked degree. He desires the particulars to be given in full, with the battles in which the officer or soldier has participated, and to be furnished as soon as possible, while the action is fresh in the minds of the men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A copy of the above will be sent to each regiment and read to the men, and commanders of regiments and batteries will comply with their portion of its requirements.

Although lately assigned to the command of the Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, I assure you no officer, no matter how long he may have been with you, is more proud or rejoiced that your gallant conduct in the actions of the 21st and 22nd instant, as well as during the whole campaign in Georgia, is such as to justly merit the commendations of your commanding general. If any incentive more than your love of country and the justice of your cause should hereafter be necessary for the Fourth Division or the Seventeenth Army Corps to add still greater honors to its present wide spread fame, it will be only necessary to whisper the name of your former beloved commander, who fell on the 22nd instant, not 500 yards from your lines--the gallant and lamented Major General James B. McPherson.

GILES A. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 585.

Report of Colonel William L. Sanderson, Twenty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 27.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., June 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this brigade yesterday:

In obedience to orders I moved at 8 a. m. on the enemy's lines with four companies each of the Fifty-third Indiana and Twenty-third Indiana and Twelfth Wisconsin, and two companies of the Thirty-second Illinois Infantry in advance, under command of Major Ferguson, Twenty-third Indiana, and Major Vestal, Fifty-third

