
The Third Iowa Volunteers captured 30 prisoners the first charge they made on the enemy.

The list of the missing already forwarded will be materially diminished, as many of the Fifty-third Illinois on picket were cut off from their command. The aggregate loss of the command during yesterday's operation is 324. The engagement lasted for four hours.

H. Duncan, first lieutenant and acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Guthrie, picket officer, and Captain McAllister, provost-marshal, of my staff, acted nobly and gallantly during the entire day and have my thank for their valuable aid.

I cannot forget the brave conduct of Chaplain R. B. Bennett, Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, who fought in the ranks of his regiment during the entire engagement. Private Mitchell, Company B, was killed while loading muskets for the fighting chaplain to kill rebels with.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. POTTS,

Colonel Thirty-second Ohio Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. CADLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to recommend Sergt. Theodore F. Fisher, color bearer Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, as a soldier deserving a medal for gallantry on the battle-field on the 22nd of July, 1864, near Atlanta, Ga. Sergeant Fisher gallantly advanced from the center of his regiment on the 22nd when in line, and the enemy advancing three lines deep, floated his colors in the face of the foe, who bore three banners and came with a demoniac yell. Not to be intimidated by such a demonstration he stood by his colors until the enemy was repulsed and driven from the field. Sergeant Fisher is a veteran, entering the service at the opening of the war. He carried the colors of his regiment during the campaign against Vicksburg, and in all engagements since that time. He is a model and deserving soldier, and in my opinion should receive some reward for his services. His gallantry on the 22nd came under my immediate observation.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. POTTS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Fourth Div., 17th Army Corps.

Captain A. WARE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, since I assumed command of the same:

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 83, headquarters Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, in the field, Georgia, of date

