
to the left and rear; also two 12-pounder howitzers of the Second Missouri Battery were placed in position with Battery F, First Illinois, all supported by the Fourth Division of the Fifteenth Corps. In a short time after the above formation was completed the attack was made on the Seventeenth Corps, in which these guns, particularly the First Iowa, rendered important service. About 1.30 p. m. the enemy attacked the left center of the Second Division of the Fifteenth Army Corps, forcing the infantry back, and capturing Battery H and 4 guns of Battery A, First Illinois. While the enemy was making this assault, the guns of the First Division were turned upon the assaulting column and did great execution. The chiefs of artillery of the different corps-Major Maurice, of the Fifteenth, Major Ross, of the Sixteenth, and Major Cheney, of the Seventeenth Army Corps-deserve great credit for the able management of the artillery of their respective corps, but more particularly are we indebted to the artillery officers and men of the Sixteenth Army Corps, as the safety of the entire command depended in a great measure upon their firmness and bravery. Honorable mention is made of the following officers and men: Captain Welker, chief of artillery of Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps; Captain Griffiths, chief of artillery of Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Captain De Gress, of Battery H, First Illinois; Lieutenant Smith, Battery A, First Illinois; First Sergt. John L. Bascom, Battery H, First Missouri; Sergt. Seth Calhoun, same battery, who, though wounded through the neck and arm, did not leave the field. Both of these sergeants displayed great courage and coolness, and are commended for promotion. Accompanying please find reports* of casualties, losses, and return showing the expenditure of ammunition during the month of July.

A. HICKENLOOPER,

Captain and Chief of Artillery, Dept. and Army of the Tenn.

Captain JOHN E. MARSHALL,

A. A. G., Artillery Headquarters, Mil. Div. Miss.

Numbers 442.

Report of Major Thomas W. Osborn, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations August 3-September 8.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,East Point, Ga., September 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report the part borne by the light artillery of the Army of the Tennessee in the late campaign for the occupation of Atlanta, so far as the operations have been under my general supervision as chief of artillery of the army.

The following is a list of the batteries serving with the army in the field, to wit: Fifteenth Army Corps, Major t. D. maurice, chief of artillery-Fourth Ohio Battery; F, Second Missouri Light Artillery; A, First Illinois Artillery; B, First Illinois Artillery; F, First Illinois Artillery; H, First Illinois Artillery; First Iowa

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

