
At 8 p. m. on the 26th of August the brigade was withdrawn from the front, and at once joined the division and started on the march for Jonesborough, Ga. We marched all night, and with great rapidity, fatiguing the men very much. Bivouacking at daylight, the men rested and prepared and took their breakfast. Moving directly forward on by-roads, through fields, and on cut roads, we arrived near Jonesborough on the morning of 30th of August, and took up position on the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps and close to Flint River. After constructing a line of works we were then ordered to take up position on the right of Sixteenth Army Corps and support General Kilpatrick's division and cavalry, who was reported to be falling back, driven by the rebel General Cleburne's division and infantry. The desired position was obtained about dark, after a difficult march through deep forests and almost impassable ravines, which position I held during the night. ON the morning of 31st of August I was ordered to occupy my old position on the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps. At 1 p. m. of the same day I was directed to cross Flint River with the division in rear of the Fifteenth Army Corps. After crossing the river and halting at the point indicated we were directed to return and take position on the right of the Sixteenth Army Corps, at the ford on the river held by General Kilpatrick's cavalry division. After a march of about five miles we reached the ford, and General Smith directed me to at once cross the river, relieve the cavalry, and take up position on an eminence beyond the river, which order was promptly executed, position taken, a strong picket well advanced, and a work well constructed at dark. The enemy's skirmishers resisted the advance of my pickets with great spirit, but were soon compelled to fall back to their main line of pits. My position was held until daylight, when my line advanced and found the enemy's line abandoned by them during the night.

On the morning of the 1st of September we moved in pursuit of the retreating enemy. The enemy being overtaken by our army near Lovejoy's Station, I was directed to take up position on the right of the division and the extreme right of the army, which position I caused to be well fortified by my brigade during the night. This position I held, picketing my front and right until the evening of the 5th of September, when I was directed by General Smith to withdraw my brigade and move to the rear with the army. We reached Flint River about 6 o'clock on the morning of the 6th and halted for breakfast. We marched during the night over a very rough, dark, and muddy road, a distance of about six miles. From this point we made slow marches until we arrived in our present position near East Point, Ga.

The troops of this brigade have on all occasions acted in the most soldier-like manner, evincing the highest order of discipline. I desire to return my thanks to Lieutenant Colonel George S. Babbitt, commanding Twenty-third Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Hibbets, commanding Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel McClanahan, commanding Fifty-third Illinois Volunteers; Lieutenant Wilson, commanding Third Iowa Volunteers, and Captain Beers, commanding Fifty-third Indiana Volunteers since 22nd of July, for their co-operation in the execution of all orders.

To my staff I am indebted for much valuable assistance.

I am pained to be compelled to report the following medical officers for a shameful neglect of duty: Surgeon Welch, Fifty-third

