
Illinois Volunteers; Surgeon Brucker, Twenty-third Indiana Volunteers; J. S. Horner, assistant surgeon, Fifty-third Indiana Volunteers. These officers were in charge of the primary depot of my brigade, but were scarcely ever to be found when wounded and sick required attention, and in positive violation of law and general orders used an ambulance to transport their private baggage to the exclusion of sick and disabled of my command who were left by the way to the mercy of the enemy. Such conduct, in my opinion, deserves and should be at once punished to the fullest extent of a military law.

The total loss of this command since I assumed command of the same was 497.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. POTTS,

Colonel 32nd Ohio Vols. Commanding 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 17th A. C.

Captain A. WARE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 587.

Reports of Colonel William Hall, Eleventh Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 27 and July 5 and 22.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., June 28, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of this command on yesterday:

My line of battle extended from the left of the First Brigade and behind a line of rifle-pits thrown up by me on the crest of the hill on the 24th instant. My regiments were posted in the following order: The Fifteenth Iowa Volunteers on the right in support of the First Minnesota Battery, and having on its left the Tenth Ohio Battery; on the left of the Tenth Ohio Battery six companies of the Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, having on their left the Fifteenth Ohio Battery; on the left of the Fifteenth Ohio Battery and about eighty rods from it the Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers; five companies of the Sixteenth Iowa Volunteers constituted the left of my line, their right being some fifty rods on the left of the Thirteenth and resting on a road leading to an old tannery. My command thus covered my own and a greater portion of the front of General Leggett's division. Nine companies, four from the Eleventh and five from the Sixteenth Iowa Volunteers, two companies of the Sixteenth and one from the Eleventh having relieved three companies of the First Brigade formed my line of skirmishers. About 7 a. m., in obedience to orders, two companies of Fifteenth Iowa were stationed on the left of the Thirteenth, their left connecting with the Sixteenth at the road previously mentioned. About 11 a. m. the Sixty-eighth Ohio Volunteers relieved the five companies of the Sixteenth Iowa, which were then posted on the right of the Thirteenth Iowa, their right resting on the left of the Fifteenth Ohio Battery. At 8

