
of the division, holding the crest of the hill and most gallantly defeating every attempt of the enemy to advance, the other portion of the brigade forming on the left of the First Brigade, where they remained during the night. At the commencement of the engagement 180 men and 7 officers were on fatigue detail, most of whom subsequently joined the command at different times during the day. Thus stubbornly contesting the ground inch by inch, first on one side of the works, then on the other, then back again, and in the open field, front, and rear, my command fought, both officers and men, with a cool determination and heroic bravery seldom equaled, but never surpassed. When surrounded the Sixteenth Iowa, under their brave and fearless commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Sanders, and the companies of the Thirteenth Iowa, including a company on the left of the Eleventh Iowa, were most gallantly holding their works and repulsing the enemy in front, not a man leaving the line. The colors captured by my command were brought in, one by Private George B. Haworth, of Company B, Eleventh Iowa, being the Stars and Bars, which is now in his possession; the other by Private Edward Siberts, Company G, Eleventh Iowa, being the battle-flag of the Forty-fifth Alabama, and claimed as a trophy by the Fifteenth Iowa, in whose front that regiment charged, the color bearer being reported as having been shot by Private Crowder, of Company C, of that regiment.

The whole number of prisoners captured by my command and sent to the rear was 257--1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 2 captains, 3 lieutenants, and 130 enlisted men captured by the Fifteenth Iowa; 1 colonel, 1 captain, and 91 enlisted men captured by the Eleventh Iowa; 20 men captured by the Thirteenth Iowa.

Where all officers and men devotedly did their whole duty I can make special mention of but few. Among them Colonel John Shane, commanding the Thirteenth Iowa, cool and brave, fearlessly rallying his men in the thickest of the fire; Colonel William W. Belknap, commanding the Fifteenth Iowa, displaying at all times the highest qualities of the soldier, cheering his men by his voice, and encouraging them by his personal disregard of danger; Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Abercrombie, commanding the Eleventh Iowa, who, with a quiet courage and calm determination, inspired his men with his own stead-fast spirit; Lieutenant-Colonel Hedrick, Fifteenth Iowa, wounded in the noble discharge of his duty; Major Foster, Eleventh Iowa, also wounded while bravely rallying his men; Major Walker, Thirteenth Iowa, killed at his post where the brave should die; Adjutants King, Fifteenth Iowa; Prescott, Eleventh Iowa, and Rood, Thirteenth Iowa, for gallant and efficient services; also Sergeant-Major Myers, Thirteenth Iowa; Captain Anderson, Company A, Eleventh Iowa, whose gallant defense of the crest of the hill has already been mentioned; Sergt. Major John G. Safley, who, with First Sergt. John A. Buck, Company K, Eleventh Iowa (afterward killed), with a party of picked up men numbering thirty or forty made a dash over the works held by the rebels, bringing back with them more than their own number of prisoners, among them a colonel and captain, Safley being wounded.

My warmest thanks are due to Lieutenant O. D. Kinsman, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Bassett, Lieutenant Kellogg, Lieutenant Stone, and Lieutenant Safely, members of my staff, who performed their arduous and trying duties with a heroism deserving the highest praise.

