
On the graves of the silent dead, buried where they fell, a grateful people will look with sorrowing pride, and to the survivors award well-earned honor.

My loss is very severe, being 4 officers and 33 men killed, 10 officers and 140 men wounded, and 22 officers and 455 men missing, many of whom are believed to have been killed and wounded, making a total of 664 officers and men.

I inclose herewith a complete list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HALL,

Colonel Eleventh Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 588.

Report of Colonel John Shane, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 21.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit my report of the part taken by this brigade in the action with the enemy on this day:

The Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Gresham, took position on the evening of the 20th instant in front of a strong line of the enemy's works, and at a distance of about 600 yards therefrom, the First Brigade on the right, the Third Brigade on the left, and Brigadier-General Force's brigade, of the Third Division, on the left, and in refuse of the Third Brigade. In a short time after this position was taken, General Gresham was severely wounded, and Colonel Hall, of the Eleventh Iowa Infantry, commanding brigade, assumed command of the division, and turned over the command of the Third Brigade to the undersigned. Immediately in front of General Force's brigade, and to the front and left of this brigade, was an eminence occupied by the enemy with infantry and artillery, with which they enfiladed our whole brigade front, rendering the possession of the enemy's position at that point of the last importance to us. General Force was ordered to advance and take the hill, and I was ordered to advance my lines in connection with his, and in the event that he met with serious resistance, I was ordered to make a strong demonstration against the whole line of the enemy in my front. In the mean time Brigadier General Giles A. Smith arrived on the ground, and assumed command of the Fourth Division, and directed the subsequent movements. At 8 a. m. of the 21st General Force moved on the enemy, and my lines were accordingly promptly advanced. The Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanded by Major Walker, and the Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, commanded by Colonel Belknap, in front, and the Eleventh Iowa Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Abercrombie, and the Sixteenth Iowa Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Sanders, in the rear. It soon became apparent that General Force was meeting with a stubborn resistance, making the result in that quarter doubtful, when I received orders from General Smith to advance on the enemy's works, which movement was at once commenced: but

