
arriving on the crest of the hill, and within 100 yards of the enemy's works, and observing that General Force's command held the eminence contested for, and that the enemy had fallen back to a strong line of works, powerfully manned, with an abundance of artillery, covering the whole space upon which we were deployed, and over which our farther advance lay, and being without support, the command was ordered to retire to its original position, which was done in good order, the object of the advance having been entirely accomplished.

The loss to the brigade during the action, which did not last more than thirty minutes, was very severe, principally falling on the Thirteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Regiments Iowa Infantry. The Eleventh Iowa not being, from the nature of the ground in its front, so much exposed to the enemy's fire, suffered but little.

I cannot speak in too high terms of praise of the conduct of both officers and men of the brigade during the brief but bloody conflict. The advanced line was particularly exposed to a terrible fire of grape, canister, and musketry from the moment the movement commenced. The Thirteenth Iowa in that brief space of time lost one-fourth of its men, the Fifteenth and Sixteenth in nearly the same proportion; but although thus suffering and their comrades being momentarily cut down, every man acted the hero and veteran that he was, until the eminence had been gained and secured from danger of being retaken.

The commanding officers and men of the several regiments of the brigade I have every reason to thank for their hearty co-operation in carrying out all orders preparatory to and during the conflict.

Although but accidentally placed in command of the brigade the evening before, which command terminated with the termination of the conflict by the appearance of Colonel Hall on the field, yet officers and men obeyed every, order as though emanating from some long-tried and much-esteemed commander.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SHANE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 589.

Reports of Brigadier General William W. Belknap, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 31-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with the communication from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, of date July 25, 1864, I have the honor to recommend the following-named officers and men of this command to receive the medal of honor:

Major Charles Foster, Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, distinguished in the present campaign for his gallant conduct in the actions of the 4th, 5th, 21st, and 22nd of July. He commanded the skirmishers of brigade during portions of both the 4th and 5th of July, when this

