
Division. On the 30th, at 8 a. m., the army moved, this brigade moving at 8 p. m. as guard to the entire train of the Army of the Tennessee. On the 31st, at 2 p. m., in pursuance of orders from General Smith, I left the train and moved to the front, where the command took position in the line vacated by the Third Division. Soon afterward the brigade moved to the right of the Sixteenth Corps, and at 9 p. m. moved to the left of the Third Division and erected works, the Eleventh and Sixteenth Iowa being placed on the left of and the Fifteenth, and Thirteenth Iowa on the right of Battery F, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

September 1, moved to the right of the Sixteenth Corps, crossed Flint River at dusk, and erected works, placing the Eleventh and Thirteenth Iowa, in front, with Fifteenth and Sixteenth Iowa in reserve. September 2, moved six miles south of Jonesborough, and at 2 p. m. formed line and advanced skirmishers (supported by the Fifteenth Iowa) upon a hill in front. Soon afterward advanced the whole line and took position on the hill. After dark moved to the left and formed in line on the right of the Third Division, all the command being in the front line. Remained there till the 5th instant, the skirmishers being constantly engaged with the enemy. At 8 p. m. of the 5th the command withdrew and marched to near East Point, going into line there at 1 p. m. on the 8th behind the old rebels works, the Sixteenth, Fifteenth, and Thirteenth Iowa being placed on the left of and the Eleventh Iowa on the right of Battery F, Second Illinois Light Artillery. September 9, moved at 9 a. m. and reached present position at 12 m., where the command is in line with the Fifteenth, Thirteenth, and Sixteenth Iowa on the left of the First Minnesota Battery, the Eleventh Iowa being in reserve.

Since assuming command the brigade, though not in any battle, has been almost constantly in conflict with the enemy, particularly in front of Atlanta, where the skirmishers were continually, both day and night, engaged with the enemy's line at very short distance.

The loss of the command since and including July 31 is: Killed--enlisted men, 12. Wounded--commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 62; total, 64. Total loss--commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 74. Aggregate, 76.

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ADDISON WARE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 590.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Abercrombie, Eleventh Iowa Infantry, of operations July 22.

CAMP ELEVENTH Regiment INFANTRY IOWA VET. VOLS.,

In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the action of the 22nd instant:

At 12.30 p. m. the enemy attacked us in our intrenched position, driving in the pickets in our front, right, and left. The fire became heavy on our left, while the enemy was found closing in on both flanks. Our line being curved we were receiving a heavy cross-fire, when the order came to move by the right flank. Moving to the right about 300 yards, we halted and crossed to the other side of our line of breast-works, engaging the enemy. This movement was exe-

