
Battery. Sixteenth Army Corps (Left Wing), Captain F. Welker, chief of artillery-H, First Missouri Light Artillery; B, First Michigan Artillery; C, First Michigan Artillery; F, Second U. S. Artillery; Fourteenth Ohio Battery. Seventeenth Army Corps, Captain Edward Spear, chief of artillery-D, First Illinois Light Artillery; F, Second Illinois Light Artillery; H, First Michigan Artillery; Third Ohio Battery; Tenth Ohio Battery; Fifteenth Ohio Battery; C, First Missouri Light Artillery; First Minnesota Battery.

I was assigned to duty in this army on the 3rd of August, 1864. I had but lately joined the army, having borne no part in the campaign, and was unacquainted both with the immediate operations of the main army and the topography of the country. I can only forward the reports of the corps chiefs, and take up the record from the 4th of August. The army was at that date lying west-southwest of Atlanta, and substantially intrenched. The Fifteenth Army Corps was upon the right, Seventeenth Army Corps in the center, and the Sixteenth Army Corps on the left, the batteries being well distributed on the main line and protected by substantial earth-works, which, in most cases, were well located and constructed. From this date until the 25th of August the general position of the army remaining the same, there is little to note. The main line of battle neared the city, and at each advance threw up substantial works for the artillery before the guns were moved forward. During the operations the artillery was but little exposed tot he fire of the enemy, and only an occasional shot from the enemy's artillery, or an occasional bullet from a sharpshooter doing any damage. While in the advanced works before Atlanta the left of the Sixteenth Army Corps, being within 3,000 or 3,500 yards of the center of the town, Major Ross, chief of artillery of the corps, experimented by throwing hot shot in the outskirts of the city with light 12-pounder guns, and in the center of the city with 20-pounder Parrotts. A furnace was constructed, in the form of an arch, with stone and earth, and railroad iron used for grates; wet cotton was used for wadding. So far as the experiment of heating and firing the hot shot from 12-pounder smooth and 20-pounder rifles, with the conveniences at our disposal, went the experiment was a success, but with no perceptible results that ever were assured arose from the shot being heated. The range was too great for the 12-pounders, and I am not aware that any especial injury was done by the rifled-shots. About 100 round shots and 50 rifled were thrown. On the 11th of August Lieutenant L. Smith, with a detachment of F, Second U. S. Artillery, received a 4 1/2-inch rodman gun, and was assigned position near the left of the line, and about 4,000 yards from the city, from which point he threw shells into the city as rapidly as was considered safe for the gun, firing night and day. On the 13th he moved forward 400 yards, and continued shelling the city, firing once in five minutes by day, and once in fifteen minutes by night. The vent of the gun first received, on the eight or ninth day, and after firing 700 rounds, began to enlarge rapidly, and at about 900 rounds the vent was about one-third of an inch in diameter. On the 23rd the gun was exchanged for a new one, which was used two days. The carriage was of defective timber and of inferior construction. The trail gave way on the 24th, and on the 26th it broke and was replaced by a new one. The Fourteenth Ohio Battery also shelled the city considerably, and a few other rifled

