
cuted from time to time as a shelter against the advancing columns of the enemy, until reaching the first line of works facing south, which were held, and the enemy forced back. At this line of works seven companies of the regiment, by order, lay until the morning of the 23d. The holding of the small fort on the hill and the immediate line of works connected with it, was the duty assigned to me in connection with another regiment (Fourteenth Wisconsin). Being relieved in the morning, I reported with the regiment at brigade headquarters. At the time of the attack upon us three companies (D, E, and F) were on picket duty to our right and front, also 4 commissioned officers and 100 men of fatigue duty, absent form the regiment, leaving about 200 men present. Most of those absent joined us during the action.

It is highly gratifying to report that the officers and men of the regiment did their duty gallantly and faithfully throughout. I would mention, as among those entitled to favorable notice, Captain John W. Anderson, who, with a part of his company and a number of scattering men, successfully held the inside of the small fort on the hill while the enemy were on the outside in strong force. I think I may say that to him and the men with him is due, to a great extent, the holding of that work, to lose which would have been disaster to us. To First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. B. W. Prescott I am greatly indebted for gallant and efficient services in getting together the various companies and details as they joined the regiment from various directions after the attack was made upon us, and for faithful service throughout the day and night. Many acts of bravery were performed by officers and men of the regiment which might be mentioned did time and opportunity permit.

Major Charles Foster was wounded early in the action, faithfully in discharge of his duties. Captain Neal was killed instantly by grape-shot late in the afternoon at the fort. Captain Barr is missing. Captain Rose missing; supposed to have been wounded and captured. First Lieutenant Cassell missing. First Lieutenant Caldwell killed. First Lieutenant Pfoutz wounded. Second Lieutenant Wylie wounded while gallantly in discharge of his duty.

I would make honorable mention of Sergt. Major John G. Safley, who, with First Sergt. John A. Buck, K Company (afterward killed, brave fellow), with a party of picked up men, numbering thirty or forty, made a dash over the works held by the rebels, bringing back more than their own number as prisoners, amongst whom were a colonel and a captain. In the sally Sufley was wounded, but not believed to be serious.

During the action a Confederate flag was captured and brought over the works by Private Haworth, of Company B, now in his possession; also, a banner belonging to the Forty-fifth Alabama was brought over by Private Siberts, of Company G, which was placed by him in the hands of Lieutenant Safely, provost-marshal of the brigade. During the action I sent to the rear 93 prisoners under guard.

A corrected list* of casualties is herewith transmitted.

Commissioned officers, 8; enlisted men, 129.

J. C. ABERCROMBIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Division, 17th Army Corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

