
Numbers 591.

Report of Major William A. Walker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, of operations July 21.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH IOWA VETERAN INFANTRY VOLS.,In the Field, before Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Iowa Veteran Infantry Volunteers in the engagement of July 21, 1864:

At 8 a. m. this regiment was in position in front of the brigade, with the Fifteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers on its left, and supported by the Sixteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers. Its front was protected by temporary works, thrown up on the night of the 20th. About 8 a. m. I received orders from Colonel John Shane, commanding brigade, to advance at once on the double-quick to the front, to assist Brigadier-General Force, commanding a brigade in the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, who was fighting for the possession of a high hill in his front and to the left of this regiment. The men seized their arms and sprang promptly over the works, and advanced in good order to the crest of a hill, less than 100 yards from the enemy's works, in the face of a heavy fire. Here I was ordered to halt, and held the position, exposed to a very destructive fire of musketry, grape, and canister, until, the enemy having withdrawn to his works, and General Force having gained possession of the hill, I was ordered to retire to the position I originally occupied, which was done steadily and without confusion. Although the men had no previous notice of the advance, there was no disorder, being made to and over an open field with no protection.

I regret to say that though the engagement lasted but thirty minutes the loss in officers and men was severe-17 enlisted men killed and 4 officers and 77 enlisted men wounded.

I cannot close without awarding to the regiment the credit due it for the impetuosity and gallantry of the advance, the stubbornness with which it held the position it gained, and the steadiness and good order in which it retired when ordered.

I forward herewith a list* of the casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. A. WALKER,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers Infantry.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Division, 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 592.

Reports of Colonel John Shane, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, of operations July 22 and 28.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith submit by report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of this day:

At 12 m. this regiment was in position on the extreme left of the Army of the Tennessee and in support of the Eleventh and Sixteenth

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

