
and bravely fighting side by side with the men of the Eleventh and Sixteenth Regiments Iowa Infantry, killed or captured, including all the commissioned officers on duty with them at the time.

Our loss in officers and men, killed, wounded, and missing, was very heavy in proportion to the numbers engaged. In the engagement of the 21st the regiment lost in killed and wounded 94 enlisted men and 5 officers out of 400 officers and men engaged, and in this day's battle our loss in killed, wounded, and missing foots up at present 9 officers and 139 enlisted men out of 300 that went into the fight, among whom, I regret to say, was Major Walker, killed, than whom a truer soldier, a cooler officer, a more steadfast friend, and more honest man, did not live. His premature and early death has cast a gloom and a shadow over the regiment, and a vacancy has been created that but few men can fill so acceptably, and yet so faithfully and successfully, as he. Ever ready, ever faithful, he was always at his post, and was always the same, a soldier and a gentleman.

I cannot close this report without acknowledging my indebtedness to Adjutant Rood, Sergeant-Major Myers, and the line officers of the regiment, who ably seconded and assisted in all the movements of the command, and who bore themselves throughout the trying scene as brave men and gallant officers. And to the non-commissioned officers and enlisted men of the regiment too much credit cannot be awarded, although repeatedly almost surrounded by overwhelming numbers and subjected at times to a withering fire of grape, canister, and musketry, not one man showed signs of wavering or despair, but, on the contrary, every man clenched his arms with a determination to repulse the enemy at all hazards.

I send you a detailed list* of killed, wounded, and missing.

Very respectfully,

JOHN SHANE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Div., 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT IOWA VOL. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith submit to you my report to the part taken by my command in the action of the 28th ultimo:

Arriving with the Thirteenth Iowa Infantry on the line of battle of the Seventeenth Army Corps at 12 m., the regiment at once erected temporary works to aid in repelling an anticipated advance of the enemy. At 1 p. m. the enemy commenced the attack by a vigorous assault on the lines of the Fifteenth Army Corps, which had just arrived in position on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps, and in a short time I was ordered by General Smith, commanding division, to take the Thirteenth and Third Iowa Regiments and report to General Harrow, commanding the Fourth Division, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, then severely pressed by the enemy, at a distance of half a mile to our right. My command was at once put in

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

