
Numbers 593.

Reports of Colonel William W. Belknap, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, of operations July 21, 22, and 28.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,In the Field, on left flank 17th Army Corps, July 22, 1864.

SIR: I herewith transmit a report of the movements of the Fifteenth Iowa in the charge of the 21st instant:

The Third Brigade, advancing on the afternoon of the 20th, took position in front of the enemy's works in two lines, the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Iowa in front, the former on the right, with the Eleventh in rear of the Fifteenth, and the Sixteenth in rear of the Thirteenth Iowa. At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, skirmishing having been constant after daylight, the order was received from Colonel Shane, commanding brigade, to advance on the enemy's works in front, the Fifteenth being ordered to keep its right on the left of the Thirteenth, with its left extending in the direction of Force's brigade, of the Third Division. The whole front line advanced rapidly with cheers to the crest of the hill in full view of the rebel works, and fought with valor and determination, and the brigade would doubtless have been successful in carrying the works had not the right of the line beyond the Third Brigade broken and been driven back by the heavier line and artillery of the enemy. In front of the Fifteenth Iowa a battery of several guns, previously marked, opened upon us with grape and canister, and when the line was ordered to retire, it did so in good order, notwithstanding the withering fire from the battery. The attack was successful in enabling Force's brigade to hold the hill on our left, and compelling the evacuation of the line by the enemy on the next morning.

The officers and men of the regiment did their duty, as they always do, and merit commendation for their laborious efforts, notwithstanding the fatigues of the long march just concluded from the right.

Our casualties were 3 enlisted men killed and 3 officers (Lieutenants McArthur, Gebhart, and Schevers) and 42 enlisted men wounded. A list* of the same is inclosed herewith.

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Iowa Veteran Volunteers.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Div., 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment in the action of July 22:

On the afternoon of the 21st the brigade moved to the left of the line occupied by the Seventeenth Army Corps on the left flank of the army, the Fifteenth Iowa being placed on the extreme left with its right resting on the left of the Thirteenth Iowa. On the same evening Company B, commanded by First Lieutenant Muir, of Company E, was sent out on picket and as skirmishers, also Company E and Company C on the next morning. At about 12 o'clock sharp firing was hard and the skirmishers in front fell back, the

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

