
line of skirmishers on the right having fallen back and leaving them unsupported; they at once, however, readvanced, but were as soon driven back and the enemy was upon us in heavy force. The men fought gallantry, repulsing their charges and preventing their advance beyond the timber. Our left, however, was unsupported. A part of the Fifty-third Indiana was thrown on our left as flankers, together with a company of the Thirteenth Iowa, but the enemy in strong force and overwhelming numbers easily turned our left flank, and, driving back the flankers, compelled us to fall back and take a new position, which was in a corn-field on the right of the main road, where the Fifteenth Iowa was placed on the extreme right of the new line, with the Thirteenth on its left. Here, by orders from the brigade commander, Company A, under Captain Whitenack, was sent out as skirmishers to protect the right flank and front of the regiment and to develop the enemy. This company advanced gallantry into a point of woods on the right, but soon fell back, being attacked by the enemy in line of battle and losing in killed, wounded, and captured 12 of its men. The whole line again fell back, pressed by superior numbers, and soon took a position in the main road, occupying the outside line of breast-works erected for the protection of the Third Division in the advance to Atlanta, and facing to the rear. Here we awaited the advance of the enemy. Flushed with previous success they came confidently on. My men were ordered not to fire until each had marked his man. The number of killed of the Forty-fifth Alabama and Thirty-eighth Tennessee lying in front of the position occupied by this regiment is evidence that the order was obeyed. No men of the Fifteenth were lost here. The enemy fought bravely and obstinately, and many of them were shot down fighting at the muzzles of our guns. The Forty-fifth Alabama, led by Colonel Lampley and Major Freeman, advanced on our line, but was instantly repulsed, every man within view being killed or captured. The Fifteenth Iowa captured 2 field officers a captain, and many men of this regiment, and the lieutenant-colonel of the Thirty-eighth Tennessee. The bearer of the regimental battle-flag was shot down by Private Crowder, of Company C, and the colors claimed by him, and the commanding officer of this regiment had the satisfaction of personally capturing Colonel Lampley, commanding officer of the Forty-fifth Alabama. The enemy being entirely repulsed from this point we were ordered to occupy another position, and the fighting of the division was over for the day.

Our loss was heavy, mostly occurring early in the action and when the regiment was without support on the left.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment, all of whom behaved, as far as my observation went, with great gallantry, but I may be permitted to especially mention Lieutenant-Colonel Hedrick; always brave and gallant, he on this day cheered on the men by his presence and words, and gave to those around him his own unconsciousness of danger.

The regiment mourns the loss of its gallant dead. Veterans and recruits fought side by side and testified their bravery and devotion, Lamenting their loss their comrades know that they cherish the memories of men who did not falter when the time of trial came.

Lieutenant E. M. Gebhart, of Company D, was the only officer killed; wounded severely at Shiloh, captured there and a prisoner for months, he returned to his regiment, bravely did his duty, and died a soldier's death. The army has in its ranks no braver man.

