
My thanks are due Adjt. E. H. King and all the officers and men of the regiment for their gallantry that contributed so eminently to the success of the day.

We had 380 men in line, 131 of whom were killed, wounded, or captured, a list* of whom is inclosed herewith.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Iowa Infantry Veteran Vols.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 4th Division, 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on July 28, at 11.30 a. m., I received orders from Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding division, to proceed with the Fifteenth Iowa Infantry and Thirty-second Ohio, commanded by Major A. M. Crumbecker, the former regiment belonging to the Third Brigade and the latter to the First Brigade of this division, and re-enforce the division of General Morgan L. Smith, of the Fifteenth Army Corps, then attacked by a heavy force of the enemy.

The movement was promptly made, and line was formed in the timber in the rear of General Smith's division, the Thirty-second Ohio being on the right of the line. While there a regiment was called for, and the Thirty-second Ohio was sent to the extreme right of the main line, gallantly holding that position and maintaining it throughout the action. Shortly afterward the Fifteenth Iowa was ordered up to the main line, and in the midst of a heavy fire relieved the Sixth Missouri Infantry, of General Lightburn's brigade, which regiment had been stubbornly fighting from the beginning. After the Fifteenth Iowa occupied this line, the enemy made repeated charges until evening, when repulsed and discomfited they fell back and failed to renew the conflict, which continued from noon until near night. The Fifteenth Iowa, the Sixty-fourth Illinois, Yates' sharpshooters, being on their right, did their duty nobly and drove back the enemy with great loss at each charge. At 11 p. m. the Fifteenth Iowa was ordered to fill up a gap in Colonel Martin's brigade, and erect works, which was done, but at about 9 o'clock on the 29th both regiments under my command, the Fifteenth and Thirty-second, were ordered to return to their own division.

A copy of a note addressed by General Morgan L. Smith to Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, as to the conduct of these regiments, is attached to this report, and respectfully referred to.

Our loss was 2 enlisted men killed, and 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded in the Fifteenth Iowa, a list of the same being inclosed herewith.+

My thanks are due the officers and men of both regiments for their gallantry and good conduct.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Colonel Fifteenth Iowa, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 17th Army Corps.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 killed, 39 wounded, and 82 missing; total, 131.

+ Nominal list omitted.

---------------

