
no matter how close the enemy came. The rebel line advanced steadily to the charge, and I permitted them to approach to the open space of fifty yards in front of my works, when, cautioning the men to fire low and aim well, I ordered the rear rank to fire and then the front rank. The response was a terrific and deadly volley from one rank, followed immediately by another, and then a continuous rapid firing, fast as eager and experienced soldiers could load and discharge their guns. The result of our fire was terrible, the enemy's line seemed to crumble to the earth, for even those not killed or wounded fell to the ground for protection. Lieutenant Powell's battery here did excellent execution. Another heavy line of the enemy advanced and were repulsed in the same terrible manner. Officers and men worked enthusiastically; guns became so heated that they could not be handled, the powder flashing from them as the cartridge was dropped in. The officers prepared the cartridges for the men and helped them load their guns. More splendid firing, or more effectual in its results, was never witnessed in the army. The Eighth and Second Arkansas Regiments, with two Texas companies, got into a position in our front, in which they could not advance, and dared not attempt to retire, but hugged the ground close, suffering a terrible fire. While thus lying down they raised the white flag. I ordered the firing to cease, and these regiments threw down their guns and hurried over to our works as prisoners. We had at this time double the number of prisoners we had men in ranks. A part of these men were sent to the rear, but before the remainder could be secured, the enemy had taken the Thirteenth's works immediately in our rear and commenced a heavy firing into our ranks. The boys drew their bayonets and made the prisoners stand up to protect their rear while they blazed away in front. My attention was soon after this called to a large number of prisoners on the extreme left, marching across to our works with guns in their hands. I immediately started in that direction, and met Captain Smith, acting major, who told me that a large lot of the rebel prisoners refused to lay down their guns, and he wanted help to force them to do it. I told him to take from the right what force he needed and I would see the rebels myself. I immediately went to the extreme left, where I found a large body of rebels with guns in their hands, confronted by our own men. I went immediately to the rebels and disarmed two of them, when I was surrounded myself, the rebels exclaiming, as they threatened me with their guns, "We won't hurt you, sir, if you surrender." Shocked at the word "surrender," I glanced hastily around and saw the rebels hurrying in large force by our left flank to the rear, and perceived they had possession of the Fifteenth's works, over which their flags waved. The thought flashed across me that our only hope was to draw the right wing of the regiment out, and cut our way through to the Eleventh's works. Exclaiming, "I am not talking of surrender now," I dashed away from them to join my regiment. A rebel captain seized a gun from one of his men and fired at me, the ball passing between my heels. Captain Lucas, of Company K, snatched a gun from a private's hand, and, simultaneously with two soldiers, fired at the rebel captain and killed him instantly, when the rebels threw down their arms. I immediately proceeded to the right of the regiment and commenced drawing them out in line, hoping to be able to cut our way out, when I discovered the rebels had possession

39 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III.

