
with Lieutenant-General Lee and communicate with General E. K. Smith in relation to re-enforcements for me. He talked much more of affairs in Virginia than in Georgia, asserting, what I believed, that General Sherman's army outnumbered Grant's, and impressed me with the belief that his visits to me were unofficial.

A copy of a brief report by General Hood accompanies this.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 12, 1864.

The case as presented is very different from the impression created by other communications contemporaneous with the events referred to. The absence of the reports of subordinates suggests a reason for the want of fullness on many important points.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, December 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In referring to my report of October 20, in your office, I saw and read the President's indorsement upon it. I respectfully ask that His Excellency will permit the substance at least of those communications to be furnished to me, as well as the names of their authors. My object is to meet as fully as possible whatever in those letters differs from the statements in my report. I regret the want of fullness in the report, but am gratified to find that the President understands the cause of it.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

ADDENDA.

Memoranda of the operations at Cassville on May 19, 1864.

VINEVILLE, GA., September 22, 1864.

On the morning of the 19th, after General Johnston returned from the right of the line, and while Lieutenant-General Hood's corps was moving to attack the enemy, I was by General Johnston ordered

