
grand army. On the 26th I conducted staff officers of the different corps over the road their corps were to withdraw on on the night of the 26th. The engineer officers were preparing roads this day.

The army moved out of position on the night of the 26th, and on the following day moved to the right on Proctor's Creek. I superintended the advance of the troops south from Proctor's Creek, by General Howard's order, until night-fall. On the 28th, while the battle was going on, I assisted General Howard as aide in bringing up troops, &amp;c. While the Fifteenth Corps was fighting, the engineers of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps prepared a very good line of breast-works. Captain Klostermann covered some artillery, which the chief of artillery had posted on our right and rear. In the several positions of the army before the last grand flank movement, the engineers were always busy in reconnoitering positions for an advance, and superintending the construction of intrenchments and batteries. Three, often four, and in places five, different lines of works were put up, one after another, in the several positions taken by the army up tot he 26th of August. Before the movement to the right from this position, all the road sin that direction had been thoroughly reconnoitered by the engineers, and staff officers of the different corps had gone over them. Preparatory to the withdrawal from his position, the lien held by the Fifteenth Corps ont he 28th was selected as a left flank, and prepared for defense by the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps. After the move to Sideling, from the 26th to the 28th, the army was again intrenched at this point. Moving from Sideling to near Jonesborough, on the 30th, the army was once more intrenched on the east bank of Flint River, and an assault of the enemy repulsed on the 31st. Atlanta was evacuated while we were in this position on the night of the 1st of September. The army advanced to near Lovejoy's on the 2d, and here met the enemy in his works. This last menacing position was intrenched by the pioneers, and several bridges over a marsh, intervening between our line of battle and the trains, were built by the engineer regiment, Colonel Flad commanding, which reported for duty on the 2nd of September.

The Army, withdrawing on the 3rd instant, reached its present position on the 8th of September.

In addition to the officers mentioned in the first part of this report as being on duty in the beginning of the campaign as engineers, Captain Barlow, Crops of Engineers, relieved Colonel Malmborg as chief engineer of the Seventeenth Army Corps o the 18th of July. Lieutenant Ernst, U. S. Engineers, was on duty as assistant to chief engineer from July 16 to August 5, when he reported to your to take charge of the work at Marietta. A part of the time an officer has been on duty as engineer with each of the divisions of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps. These generally were with the pioneers of their divisions, superintending the construction of intrenchments. Captain Percy has been the only division engineer with the Fifteenth Army Corps. He was a most faithful and zealous officer in the discharge of his duties. After constructing a battery within forty yards of the enemy's rifle-pits on the 18th of August, before Atlanta, he retired to another battery and was watching the effects of our artillery upon the enemy, when he was killed by one of their sharpshooters. Captain Leopold Helmle has been assistant engineer at these headquarters in charge of the office since June 28, and has been an efficient officer. In

