
all, six or seven enlisted men have been on duty as surveyors with the compass. Not much had been accomplished in this branch of engineering previous tot he arrival of the army at big Shanty. Our maps and sketches that have already been sent you, and those to be forwarded, will inform you sufficiently as to their labors.

I must not omit to call your attention to the valuable services of the engineer officers, and of the pioneers. The number of both has been entirely too small for the amount of labor to be performed. Both have always worked zealously, whether exposed to the inclemency of the weather or to the enemy's fire. Often intrenchments have been thrown up within fifty yards of the rebel sharpshooters, and within 100 yards of their main line of defense.

Respectfully submitted.

C. B. REESE,

Captain of Engrs., Chief Eng. Dept. and Army of the Tenn.

Captain O. M. POE,

Chief Engineer, Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 444.

Report of Captain William Kossak, Aide-de-Camp, in charge of pontoon train.

PONTOON TRAIN, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: According to order, I have the honor to submit to you herewith, very respectfully, my report of the operations of the pontoon train of the Army of the Tennessee, during the late Georgia campaign.

The train under my charge consisted of thirty canvas pontoons and the necessary outfit, and pioneer detachment of 3 commissioned officers and 105 enlisted men, besides the teamsters. On the 30th of June I took the command of the train, and started on the march the next day. The time up to the 12th of July was spent in marching, and when in camp drilling the detachment and preparing them for pontoon duty. The train arrived on the bank of the Chattahoochee River at Powers' Ferry on the 13th of July, and a bridge, consisting of twenty-two pontoons, was thrown across the river. The brigade remained here on the water till the 21st of July. During this time it was subjected to a very heavy travel and a hurricane, which took place on the evening of the 14th, without suffering any injury. The bridge was dismantled, everything died, and loaded on the 21st of July, by order of Major-General Thomas, and on the 23rd I marched with the train, under orders of the same general, to the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee River. During the 24th of July I marched with the train, under orders of the same general, to the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee River. During the 24th of July I threw the brigade across Chattahoochee River at once. The river was deep and narrow here, and thirteen pontoons were sufficient to bridge it. We hardly laid here twenty-four hours, when orders came to dismantle, load, and go to Turner's Ferry, five miles downstream. The afternoon of July 25, therefore, found us on or road to Turner's Ferry. The fact, however, that Turner's Ferry laid outside our cavalry pickets (General McCook's command) determined me to halt the train and report the fact, in consequence of which I received orders to return temporarily

