
Numbers 602.

Journal of Brigadier General Francis A. Shoup, C. S. Army, Chief of Staff, of operations July 25-September 7.

Memoranda of daily movements and events in Army of Tennessee, kept by Brigadier General F. A. Shoup, assigned to duty as chief of staff by orders from General Hood, dated July 24, 1864.

No records were turned over by former chief of staff, therefore the records of the office embrace only the administration of General S[houp].

July 25.-All quiet along the line.

July 26.-Enemy slowly shelling during the day; about dark enemy commenced moving toward our left.

July 27.-Enemy still moving toward our left, skirmishing feebly. A large cavalry force moving around our right toward Flat Rock, evident intention to cut Macon and Western Railroad in vicinity of Jonesborough. Wheeler's cavalry in pursuit, Wheeler commanding in person.

July 28.-Nothing definite as yet from the Yankee raiders.

Later: The raiders brought to a stand near Flat Shoals, on South River, and subsequently they retired to Latimar's. Wheeler still watching them. Another party, supposed to be McCook's division, Federal cavalry, 2,500 strong, crossed river at Campbellton, and moving by way of Fairburn toward Macon and Western Railroad; Jackson in pursuit with two brigades, Harrison's and Ross'; skirmished with them a little near Campbellton; main body gone toward Fairburn; Wheeler directed to send force to co-operate with Jackson; about 1 p.m. the enemy, who had massed a heavy force near Ezra Church on our left, advanced for the purpose of driving us from Lick Skillet road. After a hot contest, which lasted until nearly dark, the enemy were repulsed and position retained; our loss heavy; among the wounded, Generals Stewart, Brown, Loring, and Johnston.

July 29.-At an early hour reports from raiding parties began coming in. Wheeler had them effectually checked on the right at Latimar's, and was quietly awaiting developments. On our left the enemy succeeded in eluding General Jackson by throwing one column forward at Campbellton to skirmish with him, while the main force passed around and in rear of the leading column, cutting the telegraph at Fairburn and Palmetto, on West Point railroad, thence moving rapidly on, through Fayetteville, and it is rumored burning a wagon train at that place. They remained here but a short time, captured 1 or 2 quartermasters, who managed to escape, and then hurried on striking the Macon and Western Railroad about four miles and a half below Jonesborough, and at once commenced the work of destruction. Meantime Jackson having discovered his mistake pushed on in pursuit, and Lewis' brigade of infantry was ordered to Jonesborough to co-operate with General Jackson. Transportation was furnished, and in three hours from the time the order was issued for them to move a telegram was received reporting their arrival at Jonesborough. Alarmed by the demonstration against him the enemy abandoned his work of destruction and retired, pursued by Jackson on flank and Wheeler (who had marched a portion of his force hastily across from Latimar's) in his rear. The damage to the road is but slight, one mile and a half of track

