
torn up and ties burned and telegraph cut and destroyed for about a mile. Arrangements were made at once for repairing road, even before the extent of damage was known, and we may expect the entire break completed in two days at the furthest. Enemy in our front after the excitement of yesterday, with the exception of an occasional shell, remained perfectly quiet, doubtless studying some new move.

July 30.-Raiders on the Macon and Western Railroad have retired, seemingly for the purpose of returning within their lines or to strike in another direction. No news from Jackson or Wheeler. Lewis' brigade ordered back here. Labor and material sent to break, and assurances given that the trains can be run over the road to-morrow a.m. Orders for an expedition to go in the enemy's rear, under command of Captain Hill. Hope he will succeed. Enemy this morning about 9 o'clock advanced their skirmish line in front of Stevenson's division, driving in our pickets and compelling us to abandon our skirmish line; loss slight. Some shelling during the day. A few houses and stores on White Hall street were struck; damage trifling.

July 31.-Enemy very quiet; manifest a disposition to respect the Sabbath. Wheeler and Jackson met near Newnan the party of raiders that crossed about Campbellton and put them to rout, killing, wounding, and capturing about 1,000, also 2 pieces artillery, 10 ambulances, releasing all the prisoners they had captured on the road and completely breaking up the entire force. The force that went around our right, via Covington, eluded our cavalry and moved on through Clinton and Monticello, striking the Central Georgia Railroad at Godwin and destroying some rolling-stock, burning the railroad building and bridge across Walnut Creek and Oconee River. It is thought that they are returning. They attacked Macon, but were repulsed by the militia under General Cobb.

August 1.-To-day deserves to be marked with a white stone; good news has flowed in from all distant points. The Jonesborough raiders, under McCook, returning from their scenes of spoliation, ran against General Roddey near Newman. The check there given them enabled General Wheeler to overtake their rear. After some desperate fighting victory declared in our favor, some commands surrendering in toto and others being picked up in squads after being dispersed. Their whole history is summed up in General Wheeler's dispatch from Newnan:

We have just completed the killing, capturing, and breaking up of the entire raiding party under General McCook.

Some 950 prisoners, 2 pieces of artillery, 1,200 horses and equipments captured. Equal success attended us against Stoneman's enterprise. On his return from the Oconee he was met by General Iverson, who records his fate in the following dispatch:

General Stoneman, after having his force routed, yesterday surrendered with 500 men. The rest of his command are scattered and flying toward Eatonton. Many have been already killed and captured.

A pathetic dispatch was received from General Stoneman to his wife, detailing how he came to grief. The damage done by Stoneman's party to the Central railroad is greater than at first supposed. He burned the bridge over the Oconee and tore up a considerable portion of the road. The damage, however, is being rapidly repaired. All quiet along the Atlanta lines.

44 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

