
to the railroad bridge, but to hold everything in readiness to march out again at a moment's notice. this new marching order came next morning, and by 2 p. m. July 26, 1864, the bridge was thrown at Turner's Ferry, and the remaining bridge material, and everything else, established in park on the north side of Chattahoochee River. On the morning of July 27 I received orders from Brigadier General E. M. McCook to dismantle and join his cavalry command. This was accomplished at once, pickets ferried back to the command, and the line of march taken across Nickajack and Sweet Water in the direction of Campbellton. On this march the extreme heaviness of this pontoon train and the miserable condition of the mules proved a serious drawback on the celerity and dispatch of this cavalry movement. The march lasted till 2 a. m. next morning, July 28, during which time I lost 18 mules, dropping dead in their harness. When the command arrived opposite Campbellton, after a consultation with me, General McCook concluded not to bridge the river at Campbellton, on account of the unfavorable site, and it was concluded to continue the march to Riverton, seven miles farther down stream. It was impossible to take the whole train along, on account of the condition of the draft animals. I took, therefore, only enough material for one bridge along, and left the remainder back, guarded by one battalion of cavalry and two pieces. Traveling at a brisk rate, by 2 p. m. the pickets were ferried across and deployed, the bridge thrown, and General McCook and his whole command crossed it. To lose no time nobody dismounted, but the command went over in solid column, and the bridge stood it well. Under protection of Colonel Hamilton, with the Ninth Ohio Cavalry and two pieces, the bridge remained on water till noon July 29, when it was taken up and loaded, and started, under the escort of Colonel Hamilton and his command, back. We passed Campbellton safely, from which place the enemy fired both times a few random shots, and joined that portion of the bridge which was left behind. The whole train arrived on July 31 safely at Pace's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, near Vining's Station, and went into camp. On the 2nd of August the whole pontoon train was moved into camp in better locality, south of the railroad bridge, across Chattahoochee, near the Atlanta and Marietta wagon road. The time from this date up to August 24 was spent in overhauling and repairing the whole train, the canvases were cleaned, dried, and refolded, ropes and cables stretched and recoiled, and the entire running gear of the wagons inspected.

On the 24th day of August new marching orders arrived, and the train moved across Chattahoochee River to a point about one mile down stream from the railroad bridge, and had hardly gone into park when orders arrived to march to Turner's Ferry and throw the bridge across. This was executed during the night of the 24th till 11 p. m. Leaving the second section of the train behind, and selecting the best teams, I went to the bridge-site on double-quick. The bridge, being guarded by the Third Division of the Twentieth Army Corps, remained on the water till Sunday, 4th of September. August 27, the enemy made a reconnaissance from Atlanta toward Turner's Ferry, and shelled the bridge for about fifteen minutes, doing no damage. They were, after a short fight, repulsed, and did not appear again. At this point, as well as at any other when I expected any attack, I always arranged the bridge for swinging it in to either shore, preparing the banks, when possible, for the dismantling.

