
August 2.-Not a sensation [to] report. The cavalry resting and receiving the congratulations of their friends. The enemy quietly moving around to our left. We may look for a brush any day. General Hood waiting them, and will doubtless know where they strike.

August 3.-Governor Brown arrived. Hill's affair being worked up. He will get off as soon as Governor B. can issue a proclamation. Militia can't turn a peg without a pronunciamento.

August 4.-Enemy made a demonstration against Stevenson's division, and wasted a large amount of ammunition. Firing heavy and loss light. Yankees moving toward our left and massing. Less shelling of the town.

August 5.-Enemy made an assault on Gibson, Lee's corps, and by force of numbers drove in our line, capturing some 100 prisoners and the intrenching tools on their immediate line. Later in the day we re-established our line on a better position than before. Wheeler on the war path again.

August 6.-Enemy still moving toward our left. They have evidently abandoned their intention of direct attack, and propose the old game of flanking. Warm weather makes them lively. They took a little dash at Bate to-day. Assaulted him twice, and each time repulsed, leaving with us 2 stand of colors, some small-arms, intrenching tools, prisoners, &amp;c., and about 800 killed and wounded.

August 7.-Everything very quiet to-day, but little skirmishing along the lines. The position of our army unchanged since yesterday, with the exception of Cleburne's division having moved to the extreme left of our line. Prisoners brought in say that their men are being mustered out daily, in some cases by detachments and companies, in others by whole regiments. Enemy still extending their line and massing on our left.

August 8.-Everything has been more quiet to-day than for several days. Very little skirmishing and very few shells thrown into the city. Enemy still continue to move still nearer the West Point railroad on their right. They are now within three miles of the road; 63 prisoners brought in to-day; 56 of them from the McCook raiders. Cleburne moved from our extreme left to the rear of Bate's division, to support him.

August 9.-There has been but little fighting along the lines to-day with small-arms, but cannonading has been very heavy. More shells were thrown into the city to-day than any day previously, a great many falling immediately around General Hood's quarters. The enemy still continue to move slowly to our left. Cleburne has again moved to the extreme left of our line. Eighty-seven prisoners brought in to-day.

August 10.-Our lines remain the same as yesterday. Everything quiet along the lines; but few shell thrown into the city to-day. Major-General Bate was painfully wounded by a minie-ball; chance shot. Kilpatrick has again assumed command of the right wing of the enemy's cavalry. He moved out as far as Campbellton yesterday, shelling the town, but returned last night. General Rousseau, made an advance on the enemy's left from Buck Head to Decatur, one regiment entering Decatur. He then returned and took position in the trenches on the enemy's left.

August 11.-Our lines remain the same as yesterday. Scarcely a shot has been fired to-day.

August 12.-No change in our lines, excepting Vaughan's brigade moved from our right to extreme left. Enemy made a slight demon-

