
stration on our right; supposed to cover their real intentions on our left. Enemy shelled the city last night heavily. Only 1 Federal prisoner brought in to-day. Two deserters came in, but knew nothing.

August 13.-No change in our lines to-day. Everything comparatively quiet. Enemy threw a few shell into the city. Enemy's pickets attempted to trade with pickets for tobacco and exchange papers, but did not succeed. Stovall's and Stevens' brigades were trading with the enemy yesterday. Several of Stovall's men deserted.

August 14.-No change in our lines since yesterday. To-day everything remarkably quiet. Enemy threw a few shell.

August 15.-No change has occurred in position of our lines. Some little skirmishing on left center and left; of no importance. Heavy body of enemy's cavalry on Atlanta and West Point road, moving on Fairburn.

August 16.-Everything has been remarkably quiet to-day. Scarcely a shot has been fired. Wheeler reported to have torn up ten miles of railroad at Acworth and captured large drove of cattle. The raid on Fairburn did little or no damage. Tore up track, destroyed telegraph, and burned water-tank. Tank and telegraph both repaired. Water-tank most serious loss.

August 17.-No change in our lines to-day. Enemy have erected a platform in top of pine tree near Mr. T. Williams' house, to which they ascend by means of rope ladder. From this tree they can see all over Atlanta. A lady in enemy's lines told one of our scouts that enemy complained of short rations, and have declined issuing to citizens now in their lines. Railroad in enemy's rear reported to be badly torn up. Enemy's pickets called to ours and stated that a Kentucky division (2,200 strong), was going out of service, and that neither Old Abe nor Uncle Jeff would get them in service again. Enemy have been very quiet all day.

August 18.-No change in our lines to-day. One of our scouts sent a lady in enemy's lines to-day to gather information of enemy's movements, &amp;c. She reports having seen General Cox and applied to him for rations, who made her the following answer:

No.; I would like to draw myself. I have been living on short rations for seven days, and now your people have torn up our railroad and stolen our beef-cattle, we must live a damned sight shorter.

She also conversed with one of the enemy's lieutenants, who told her they were preparing for a great battle on their left. Heavy skirmishing on the left of our lines to-day. Very little artillery has been used to-day. Prisoners report the tunnel blown up by Wheeler, captured Dalton and Resaca, burned Etowah bridge, and are going up the railroad.

August 19.-The Federals, from 3,000 to 5,000 strong, struck the West Point railroad at 3.30 a.m. Kilpatrick (Federal) has started on a raid, supposed to be making for the Macon railroad, &c. General Ross has engaged raiders near Fairburn. Enemy's cavalry occupied Fairburn at 3.30 a.m. All quiet along our lines. There was some little skirmishing this morning. Enemy have thrown but few shell to-day.

August 20.-No change in our lines to-day; all quiet along our lines. Enemy threw a few shell into the city, killing 2 men. Enemy continue to complain of short rations; enemy in and around

