
Decatur have stolen every particle of provisions they could find in hands of citizens. Their excuse for this conduct was that they have not had meat for ten days and were now living on quarter rations, coffee and crackers. They have succeeded in getting 100 hogs and 1,000 bushels of green corn. Prisoners taken report desertions are more frequent than at any other time during the war. Enemy's raiding party tore up half a mile of railroad track at Jonesborough; burned depot and cut telegraph wire; they did not burn the cross-ties. Raiders tore up track and burned cross-ties five miles below East Point; enemy's raiders reported retreating. We killed and captured a number of them; are now pursuing.

August 21.-All quiet along our lines. Enemy threw a few shell in the city, but no casualties have been reported. The raiders are still being pursued by General Jackson's cavalry. They are retreating rapidly toward their lines, endeavoring to pass between Decatur and Covington. A force of the enemy are reported moving down the Tallapoosa River. It is supposed they will try to reach Opelika. A train came through on the Macon road at midnight.

August 22.-The enemy have been shelling the city slowly to-day. The raiders have disappeared altogether. Scouts report no enemy in the vicinity of Opelika. Ten prisoners were brought in to-day belonging to Stanley's, Logan's, and Williams' corps, and 1 of Stoneman's command. They report forage for their animals very scarce, and have no hopes of Sherman taking Atlanta. They also report that our cavalry have destroyed their communications. A press dispatch received to-day reports Memphis, Tenn., captured by our forces, supposed to be part of Forrest's command, and accounts of a big riot in New Orleans, owing to an attempt of the Federals to enforce the draft. Along our lines everything is quiet.

August 23.-Only a few shell were thrown into the city to-day. The enemy have employed a strong force of negroes to fortify Kenesaw Mountain and strengthen the works around Marietta. No enemy on any road about Decatur. Enemy boats that they will keep us constantly employed repairing our railroads. General Forrest went into Memphis Sunday morning, captured all of Washburn's staff and 350 mules; enemy's los, 500; ours 20. All quiet along our lines.

August 24.-The news from Mobile is that Fort Morgan is in the enemy's hands. An early attack is expected on the city. The enemy have burned Abbeville, Miss., and have retreated from Oxford and Holly Springs. Information received from General Lee's army says the enemy have strongly fortified themselves on the Weldon railroad. An attempt was made to dislodge, them on the morning of the 21st. Our forces attacked them, driving the enemy half a mile, capturing two miles of breast-works and 300 prisoners. One of our brigades was repulsed with heavy loss. Our flanking force succeeded in capturing a line of skirmishers and reached the enemy's heavy works, when we were compelled to retire. Fighting ceased about 11 a.m. The brave General Sanders, of Alabama, was killed. A brigade of the enemy's cavalry are tearing up and burning the Georgia Railroad. A force has been sent to drive them off. Our scouts report no raiding parties, and say that the enemy has not had a through train in six or seven days. All quiet along our lines.

August 25.-A force of the enemy, about 1,000 strong, tore up the track on the Georgia Railroad, between Stone Mountain and Decatur.

Picket-firing is very weak. Enemy's batteries silent, and embrasures

