
filled with brush in front of French's division, Stewart's corps. An unusual train was distinctly heard moving in the enemy's lines before sunrise. No important change has taken place on our left. A press dispatch received at 9 p.m. gives us information to the effect that the so-called C. S. Commissioners and Judge Black and Mr. Hay, President Lincoln's private secretary, have had another interview. The result of it was that Mr. Lincoln was about to propose an armistice, as a primary step toward bringing about a settlement of our difficulties. It has been unusually quiet on the line.

August 26.-At an early hour this morning intelligence was received to the effect that the enemy were leaving our front, which report was soon confirmed by the return of scouts sent out for the purpose of watching their movements. They all (the scouts) reported the enemy falling back to the river. At a later hour the corps of General Stewart and Lee occupied the enemy's works. Northern newspapers of a late date were found in their trenches. Some prisoners were brought in during the day, but no information could be gotten from any of them. The enemy are still in front of a portion of General Hardee's line. No reliable information has been received in regard to the intention of the enemy, but the prevailing impression is that they are falling back across the Chattahoochee River. The enemy occupied Clinton, La., on the 24th, after a desperate fight with Colonel Scott's cavalry. Their forces consisted of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, estimated at 6,000 or 7,000 strong. No news from Virginia. Our artillery shelled the enemy's pickets continually for one hour in the evening. Fort Morgan capitulated on the 24th [23d]. General Page and staff and 581 men were sent to New Orleans.

August 27.-The exact intention of the enemy has not yet been ascertained. In consequence of the enemy's late movements, the general commanding has disposed of his troops so as to be prepared for any emergency. Orders were issued to the cavalry officers to be on the alert, and make such disposition of their commands as was deemed necessary to obtain reliable information of the enemy's movements. General G. W. Smith's division was ordered to move last evening at dark by the left flank, and occupy the position held by General Stevenson's division, and that officer was directed to hold his command in readiness at a convenient point in the rear. General Maney was ordered to hold his command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The corps commanders were directed to keep these headquarters constantly advised of the movements of the enemy. A number of prisoners were brought in to-day. They give it as their opinion that Sherman intends falling back to Chattanooga. The enemy have fortifications on this side of the river. The city has not been subjected to a shelling for four or five days.

August 28.-The enemy have made their appearance at Fairburn, on West Point railroad, in quite a large force, consisting of cavalry, artillery, and infantry. Generals Armstrong and Ross have been skirmishing with their advance and watching their movements. General Morgan has been ordered to report to General Jackson at East Point. Reynolds' and Lewis' brigades of infantry (the latter of Brown's division) and Colonel Hannon's regiment of cavalry were ordered to Jonesborough to co-operate with General Armstrong in repelling raids coming in that direction. The remainder of Brown's division was ordered to Rough and Ready, and instructions given General B[rown] to fortify that place and keep a good lookout on all

