
wounded was General Patton Anderson and Brigadier-General Cumming. General Lee's corps was ordered to take up line of march for Atlanta at 2 o'clock this morning. Generals Morgan and Scott were ordered to act in concert and make a stout resistance at East Point. At 5 p.m. our forces commenced the evacuation of Atlanta, falling back toward McDonough. One train of ordnance stores, 81 cars and 5 locomotives, were destroyed. Some commissary stores were distributed among the citizens.

September 2.-Our troops marched all night, and the advance of the wagon train reached McDonough at 2 p.m. General Stewart was ordered, with his command, to the support of General Hardee at Lovejoy's Station, and a courier was sent to General Hardee telling him to hold his present position, if possible, until General Stewart joined him. General Lee was instructed to follow General Stewart in the morning. General Hardee's corps had a desperate engagement with the whole Yankee force yesterday, in which he lost two 4-gun batteries and was forced to retire. The enemy's loss was immense, ours comparatively small. The enemy entered Atlanta at 11 a.m. yesterday with colors flying and bands playing.

September 3.-General Lee's corps passed through McDonough at 9 a.m. on its way to join the army at Lovejoy's Station. Major General G. W. Smith, commanding Georgia State Troops, was ordered to proceed to Griffin, and, in case of raid on that place or any point in the vicinity, to make such disposition on his troops as may be deemed best to resist the enemy. General Jackson was instructed to keep his scouts out well in the direction of Greenville and give early information if the enemy advanced in the direction of Macon and Columbus Railroad. There was some lively cannonading and sharpshooting along our lines to-day, but with no important results.

September 4.-Our army is all united at this point. Stragglers still continue to come in. General Morgan was ordered to report to General Jackson at Griffin. Brigadier-General Lewis was directed to mount his command at once, using blankets if saddles could not be procured. Major Beecher, quartermaster, was instructed to confer with Major Hottel in regard to increasing the railroad transportation for supplies and stores for this army. The chief commissary was directed to keep on hand five days' supply of hard bread. All quiet along the lines. No change in the position.

September 5.-General Ferguson was instructed to seize all tobacco and flour in the hands of merchants at McDonough and forward it to Griffin. The corps commanders were directed to use every means in their power to gather the absentees of their respective commands with as little delay as possible. General Morgan was ordered to return to the right with his command and assume command. No change in the position.

September 6.-The enemy has abandoned his position in our front, falling back beyond Jonesborough. Prisoners say that General Sherman published a general order in which he says that his army will retire to Atlanta, Decatur, and East Point and rest themselves. Our infantry are at present in possession of Jonesborough and our cavalry are following the enemy, closely watching his movements. The enemy before retiring destroyed the railroad between Jonesborouh and East Point, burning the cross-ries and bending the iron. Our main force is still at this place, and will probably remain here until reorganized. The general commanding has made such disposition of his forces as he thinks necessary to protect his communications from raiding parties of the enemy.

