
September 7.-The enemy, when last heard from, were retiring slowly toward Atlanta, some of their cavalry going in the direction of Decatur. General Hardee was ordered to move with his command to Jonesborough to-morrow. Generals Lee and Stewart have been directed to select a convenient place to bivouac and to use every means to reorganize their commands. The chief quartermaster has been instructed to issue all shoes arriving at this place to the respective corps according to their need. The Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas troops, under command of Colonel Green, left for Opelika to-day.

Numbers 603.

Reports of Lieutenant General William J. Hardee, C. S. Army, commanding corps.

JONESBOROUGH, August 31, 1864.

Fought the enemy at Jonesborough to-day, but without decisive results. Cleburne, commanding my corps, carried the enemy's intrenchments on the left and holds them. Lieutenant-General Lee carried a part of the enemy's works, but was in the end badly repulsed. No loss in material. Generals Anderson and Cumming badly wounded. Telegraph communication with Atlanta broken. I can hold this place unless the enemy cross Flint River below me. My aim will be to keep my command between the enemy and Macon.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

His Excellency President DAVIS.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, September 2, 1864.

The enemy attacked my whole line fiercely at Jonesborough yesterday, turning my right flank at the same time. The assault was everywhere repulsed, except upon Lewis' and Govan's brigades, which gave way, but reformed about 150 yards in rear of their original line, and maintained their position steadily. I was occupying in single rank the line of both Lee's corps and my own of the day previous. My only reserves had to be thrown on my right flank to prevent the enemy from turning my position. I lost a few prisoners, including Brigadier-General Govan, and 8 pieces of artillery. My loss not heavy in killed or wounded. The loss of the enemy believed to be greater than in any previous engagement of the campaign. Prisoners report that General Sherman commanded in person, and that there were six corps in my front. The enemy reached the Decatur road before dark, compelling me to retire to this place, four miles and half in rear of my position of yesterday.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.

