
On Sunday, the 4th of September, the bridge was taken up, and went into park, under the protection of Colonel Capron's cavalry, in an available position, incase it should be needed again at Turner's Ferry. September 10, I received orders which relieved me from duty with this pontoon train. The whole train was, therefore, assembled at the railroad bridge and turned over to a detachment of the First Missouri Engineer Volunteers September 13, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. KOSSAK,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, on Engineer Duty.

Captain C. B. REESE,

Chief Engineer, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee.

Numbers 445.

Reports of Captain ocran H. Howard, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

In the Field, near Big Shanty, Ga., June 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of rebel signal messages, deciphered by the officers of my detachment, between the 10th and 20th instant. They were sent in a code adopted by them since we closed with the enemy in this position, and which was deciphered by the officers of this detachment. Lieutenant Bellinger is chief signal officer with the rebel army in our front. Major P. b. Lee and Colonel G. A. Henry are assistant inspectors-general detailed to watch our movements from Kenesaw mountain, and to report by signals. It seems they do not intrust this duty was received by rebel signals. It is since verified by deserters. Colonel Henry and Major Lee kept us constantly informed of the movements of the Armies of the Cumberland and Ohio, their dispatches being always received by General McPherson before he received information from any other source. We use every endeavor to keep the fact of our knowledge of their code from unauthorized persons.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. HOWARD,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

[Captain H. S. TAFFT,

Washington, D. C.]

[Inclosures.]

General J:

No enemy visible from this point this a. m.

O. B.

Answer to mistake C is called A.

J ----:

Small bodies of your cavalry visible at second line of enemy's works, directly west of this station.

O. B.

