
Friday, May 27.- At an early hour this morning, or a late hour last night, intelligence was received of some advantage gained by the enemy to the right of Bate which necessitated new dispositions on our part. By daybreak, therefore, Walker was moved to the left of Bate, and Cheatham's line advanced, so as to connect with Bate's right. Jackson's cavalry was posted on the extreme left of the line beyond Walker and had some brisk fighting during the day. In establishing this new line we had some sere skirmishing, the enemy contesting closely several advantageous positions. We drove them at length, however. No change was made in Polk's and Hood's lines until late in the afternoon, when Cantey's division was sent to support Cheatham, whose line was very weak and whose loss was heavy. The skirmishing continued along the entire line all day, but no serious assault was made by the enemy until about 4 p. m., when he endeavored to turn our right, where Cleburne was posted, pushing forward seven lines of battle against him. The fighting was very severe and last until night, Cleburne driving the enemy back in every attack. A night assault was also made on him, which he also successfully repulsed. This fighting was marked by great daring on the part of the enemy, some of them getting up as close as thirty feet to our lines. The slaughter among the Yankees was terrific, and his loss could not have been less than 5,000; 700 dead bodies were counted before Granbury's and Lowrey's brigades. We captured some 200 prisoners and 1,200 or 1,500 stand of arms. Our loss a fraction over 500.

Saturday, May 28.- It having been determined to mass troops on our right for the purpose of breaking or turning the enemy's left, General Hood's corps, or a portion of it, moved in that direction. Polk's corps was moved to the right to occupy that portion of the line vacated by Hood, and Hardee's corps (Cheatham and Walker) were transferred from the left to hill up the gap left by Polk, Cleburne still on the right, and Bate on the extreme left. More or less skirmishing along the line all day until about - p. m., when Bate moved forward to feel the force in his front. He did not go far before he encountered a strong force behind formidable breast-works, and was forced to retire after suffering considerably. For some cause our expedition to the right was not consummated. The enemy either anticipated something of the kind, or else intended trying the same game on us. At any rate, we found them massed on their left, and Hood returned without doing anything.

Sunday, May 29.- Cleburne's division was this morning marched from its position on the right to the left of Walker, so that Hardee's corps is again all together, and in the following order from right to left, viz, Cheatham, Walker, Cleburne, and Bate. Learning that Colonel Lamb, of the Fifth [Tennessee], was mortally wounded on yesterday, I felt it my duty to return at once to my regiment, there being no field officer with it, and on announcing my intention to General Hardee was relieved at once by him from duty on his staff. I joined my regiment about 8 a. m. in the breast-works. My journal will henceforth be less comprehensive than formerly, as I shall not enjoy the same facilities for learning the movements of the army. The Sabbath day passed quietly, disbursed only by an occasional shot. About midnight, however, while most of the army slept, a furious fire suddenly broke out on the right of Cheatham, supposed to be on Cantey's front. Shortly after heavy firing was also heard on the left of our line. That on the right soon ceased, but in the other

