
Tuesday, June 14.- The weather cleared up and we went to work strengthening our position. The skirmishing, which had almost ceased while it rained, again commenced. Lieutenant-General Polk was killed to-day by the enemy's artillery while on the outpost of Bate's position, on Pine Mountain. At night regiment was ordered to retire from the hill, it being regarded as a dangerous position, and being threatened by the enemy in the rear.

Numbers 605.

Report of Brigadier General George Maney, C. S. Army, commanding Cheatham's Division, of operations August 31.
HDQRS. CHEATHAM'S DIVISION, HARDEE'S CORPS,ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

In the Field, near Palmetto, Ga., September 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit following report of part taken by this division in the engagement of 31st of August last near Jonesborough, Ga.:

The division numbered about 3,400 effective, and was composed of Strahl's, Maney's, Vaughan's, Wright's, and Gist's brigades, commanded, respectively, in the order named by Colonel A. J. Kellar, Colonel George C. Porter, Brigadier General George W. Gordon, Brigadier General John C. Carter, and Colonel James McCullough.

By a night march from position near East Point the command reached Jonesborough on the morning of the 31st, the head of the column arriving between 8 and 9 a. m., and within an hour after Porter's, Gordon's, Carter's, and McCullough's commands were formed in line from right to left, in the order mentioned, on west side of the village, some 200 yards in rear of and as support to Cleburne's and Bate's divisions, which constituted the front line of this corps, Bate's division on the right and Cleburne's on the left. Kellar's command immediately on arriving was detached from me and ordered to report to Major-General Brown, commanding Bate's division, as support to his extreme right brigade. The position of my remaining brigades was sharply to the left of the front line's center. Soon after my command was in position I was called with my brigade commanders to headquarters of Major-General Cleburne, commanding Hardee's corps, to receive instructions and orders for the action, which, in substance, were: The front line was to advance, swinging to the right, dressing on the right and touching to the left or wheeling flank. I was to follow in line at distance of 400 or 500 yards in rear, conforming to movement of the front line and supporting or re-enforcing it as necessity arose. Attention to good order in the movement was particularly enjoined, and for this object frequent halts were directed to rectify and preserve alignment. The orders were clear and distinct for vigorous attack and to force the enemy back across Flint River. Shortly after my command was in position indicated one of enemy's batteries in the direction of our right opened, and at intervals continued an enfilading fire upon it until our advance commenced. Casualties from this, however, were but few.

About 3.30 p. m. our movement against the enemy commenced. At this time my own and the line I was supporting were facing al-

