
I feel it due to say in behalf of the division as a whole that all orders upon them were executed with the cheerfulness of patriots and steadiness of veterans.

List of casualties have been furnished, and accompanying reports of brigade commanders are referred to for minute particulars.

Very respectfully,

GEO. MANEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 606.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Carter, U. S. Army, commanding Cheatham's division, of operations September 1.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,September 3, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the part taken by this division in the action of the 1st instant near Jonesborough, Ga.:

About 9 p. m. of the 31st of August I assumed temporary command of this division. At that time the division was lying in the second line. About 2 a. m. of the 1st instant the division of Major-General Cleburne, which was in the first line, was moved to the right. This division promptly occupied the space which had been occupied by Major-General Cleburne's division. As soon as we took position in the first line we immediately proceeded to strengthen the earth-works previously constructed. About 2 p. m. of the 1st instant I received an order from Major-General Cleburne, commanding corps, to send "one brigade to the right of the line to report to Brigadier-General Lewis." I executed the order. Very soon afterward I received another order from Major-General Cleburne, commanding corps, to send another brigade to the right of the line. I executed this order. I immediately after this I received another order from Major-General Cleburne, commanding corps, to send another brigade to the right of the line. I executed the order. Brigadier-General Gordon's brigade was sent and took position on the left of the railroad. Very soon after this the two remaining brigades of this division were ordered by Major-General Cleburne, commanding corps, to the right of the line. I immediately moved these brigades as ordered. Maney's brigade took position on the right and Strahl's brigade was placed in position. I reported to Major C. Benham, assistant adjutant-general to Major-General Cleburne. I was directed by him to take command of Manye's, Gist's, and my brigades, which were on the right of the railroad. After this there was no fighting of any consequence. At 11 p. m. of the 1st instant the division was withdrawn.

I am greatly indebted to the staff officers of this division for their efficient aid. We return thanks to God for our safety.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CARTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major BENHAM,

Asst. Adjt. General to Major-General Cleburne, Commanding Corps.

