
Calhoun. The Twenty-fourth was camped on the railroad opposite Gideon's Ford, and within half a mile of the river. On the 14th the enemy was reported crossing in force at McGinnis' Ferry, which is about a mile below Gideon's Ford. The Sixteenth South Carolina Volunteers was in front of McGinnis' Ferry, on the road leading from the ferry to Calhoun, the distance from the ferry to the town being a short mile. The general ordered the Twenty-fourth to march rapidly to the support of the Sixteenth, which order was promptly obeyed. Arriving near the ferry, after a rapid march of about three miles, we found the Sixteenth retiring slowly before the force of the enemy, which had crossed. Colonel McCullough, commanding the Sixteenth, reported to me a strong force in his front, with artillery. After conferring further with him I deemed it best to move at once against the force, which was then advancing into a wood in our front. Deploying, and moving up to the Sixteenth, which had meanwhile halted, and was firing into the woods, I ordered a charge in concert with the Sixteenth. We easily drove the enemy back to the river, under cover of his artillery, which was posted on the hill on the west side, and under its fire the enemy recrossed, in our sight. Not a man was hit in the Twenty-fourth, though there were some casualties in the Sixteenth. I have no idea of the enemy's loss, though I am satisfied our fire galled him at the river. After this affair the Twenty-fourth returned to its position opposite Gideon's Ford, and remained on duty there, watching the river, until the afternoon of the next day, the 15th, when the brigade was ordered back to Resaca to re-enforce the center of General Johnston's line. The roar of battle at Resaca urged our march, and the men moved with alacrity to the duty assigned them. Arriving at the pontoon over the Oostenaula, at Resaca, we found it under the fire of the enemy's artillery, posted on an eminence immediately opposite the extreme left of our semi-circular line, the bridge being in rear of the center of the line. Gist's brigade was in advance of Walker's division, the Twenty-fourth leading. We were the first to pass the bridge. Officers and men behaved with steady courage, and not a man in the regiment was hurt while crossing, and only 7 men were wounded in the other commands of the brigade. We moved up to the rear of our center, Walker's division being put in line immediately in rear of Cheatham's. Here we remained for the rest of the day under fire and in reserve. No casualties. About 11 o'clock at night the army left Resaca, and our division recrossed the Oostenaula, marching back through Calhoun to a point south of Ootenaloga Creek, on the Rome road. The Oothkaloga flows west and empties into the Oostenaula near Tenner's Ferry (called also Lay's Ferry), about two miles from Calhoun, southwest. Hardee's corps went into bivouac was under artillery fire. About 2 o'clock General Hardee ordered General Walker to drive the enemy's advance back by re-enforcing his pickets. The Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers and the First Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, Major Shaaff, were detailed for this duty, and I was charged by General Gist with its execution. I placed Major Shaaff on the left of the Twenty-fourth and directed him to move by his left flank perpendicularly to my line, covered by a wood, and

