
of our position, and poured in a galling fire of musketry. We could have no pickets, and the men were constantly firing and watching. For one week we held our position under this fire, and on the night of the 2nd of July, after thirteen days of unceasing exertion, fighting, and watching, we retired from the position, the Twenty-fourth having lost 1 officer and 9 men killed, 4 officers and 27 men wounded, and 16 men captured; total loss at Kenesaw, 57. Our next position was taken near Smyrna Church, about five miles south of Marietta. The enemy pressed forward, and annoyed us on the 3rd by artillery fire while we were intrenching our position. One man was killed and 1 wounded by this fire. On the 4th of July we were under a constant fire of artillery, but the enemy's line of battle did not come nearer than a mile from our position. On the night of the 4th we marched on the Atlanta road to a position some five miles to our rear. Except to furnish a detail for picket duty, the Twenty-fourth was not called on for service in this position, and remained in bivouac until the 9th of July, when the regiment marched with the army and crossed the Chattahoochee River near the railroad bridge. The corps went into bivouac in line about two miles from the river, sending out details for picket duty at the river. We lost three men on the river wounded by the enemy from the opposite side. On the 17th of July the commanding general published an address to the army, and announced that he would attack General Sherman's army so soon as it should cross the Chattahoochee. It was understood that the enemy was crossing at Roswell Factory beyond the right flank of the army and east of Peach Tree Creek, which empties into the Chattahoochee a mile or two east of the railroad bridge. I had the honor to read the commanding general's address to the brigade, and congratulate the command upon the prospect of successful battle. The order of battle was received with enthusiasm, and the most confident spirit prevailed. Next day, the 18th, while we were forming to march from our bivouacs to the right a rumor prevailed that General Johnston had been removed from command, and after we had marched some distance on the road to Atlanta a courier handed me a circular order from general Hood, announcing General Johnston's removal and assuming command. Shortly after the farewell address of General Johnston was received and read to the regiment. It is due to truth to say that the reception of these orders produced the most despondent feelings in my command. The loss of the commanding general was felt to be irreparable. Continuing the march and passing by his headquarters Walker's division passed at the shoulder, the officers saluting, and most of the latter and hundreds of the men taking off their hats. It had been proposed to halt and cheer, but General Johnston hearing our intention requested that the troops march by in silence. We marched across the railroad and went into bivouac east of the Peach Tree road, some three miles from Atlanta. And thus closed the campaign under General Johnston's command.

From May 6 to July 18, inclusive, the Twenty-fourth had been constantly on duty. During this period we had been constantly in the presence of the enemy, fighting, on picket, in the breast-works, or covering the brigade in retreat.

The month of June was characterized by incessant rain, and the marching and work in the mud were distressing to the men and officers. Our bivouacs were always in line of battle, often in the

