
trenches, and we seldom got a night's rest. At Kenesaw Mountain, particularly, we got but little rest, and for the last five days none at all. But the pluck and spirit of the regiment never failed, and I am happy to report that not a single man deserted his colors during this trying ordeal.

The field and staff officers of the Twenty-fourth have been active and most efficient in their duties, and given me every assistance in their power.

Major D. F. Hill has since fallen on the field, and the entire regiment deplores his loss.

To our chaplain, the Rev. F. Auld, we owe our thanks for his constant and faithful services.

The following table will show our losses during the campaign:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Captured

 	 	 .

Dalton.	 1	 9	 ...

Calhoun.	 9	 30	 2

New Hope.	 ...	 6	 ...

Kenesaw and Pine Mountains.	 10	 31	 16

Smyrna.	 1	 1	 ...

Chatahoochee.	 ...	 3	 ...

Total.	 21	 80	 18

Total loss in the Twenty-fourth during the campaign from May 6 to July 18, 119. This does not include the sick. I have no report of the men sent to hospitals, and cannot, therefore, report accurately their number, but estimate that of those reported on the sick-list from time to time, at least fifty men were sent to the rear by the surgeons during the seventy-two days included in this report.

The effective strength of the Twenty-fourth on May 6 was 545 men, with a full complement of officers, and on July 18 we had 385 men for duty.

Respectfully submitted.

ELLISON CAPERS,

Colonel Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers.

Major B. B. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH Regiment SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Jonesborough, Ga., September 12, 1864.

MAJOR: I submit the herewith a report of the part borne by my regiment in the recent engagement in front of Jonesborough on the afternoon of the 1st instant.

The brigade, having been ordered from the left of the corps at 1 p. m. to the extreme right, was placed in position by the lieutenant-general in person on the right and east of the railroad, the left resting on the railroad cut, which at that point was some eight or ten feet deep, the formation of the brigade being in one rank. Our line ran through a thick undergrowth and wood near the railroad and was entirely without fortifications. The Second Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, Major Whiteley, occupied the left of the brigade, resting in the railroad cut, and the Twenty-fourth came next, the

