
ers we learned that the troops assaulting us belonged to General Jeff. C. Davis' division. I have counted over 200 graves in our front, most of them marked. The battle began about 4.30 p. m. and lasted until dark. At midnight the lieutenant-general in person, with his staff, rode up to our position and did me to the honor to return his thanks for our conduct, and gave directions for our retirement. In half an hour after, by the order of the colonel commanding the brigade, the Twenty-fourth marched out from our position, and in advance of the brigade reached Lovejoy's by daylight, and went at once to work on the new line formed there.

In the action at Jonesborough the regiment sustained an irreparable loss in the death of Major D. F. Hill. He fell while endeavoring to arrest the retirement of the sharpshooters on my left, shot through the heart by one of the enemy from behind our own works. A cool, brave man, and a good soldier, Major Hill's loss is deplored by every man and officer of his regiment.

I beg to note especially the gallant conduct of Major B. B. Smith, assistant adjutant-general; of my adjutant, Lieutenant Holmes, and Lieutenants Easterling, Beckham, and Seigler, who gave me every assistance, and in the most handsome manner rallied and led the men in our hard fight the retake the position we at first lost and that given up by the Second Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters.

With the greatest satisfaction I report the conduct of the officers and soldiers of the Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers in the engagement as meriting the highest approval.

Respectfully submitted.

ELLISON CAPERS,

Colonel Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers.

Major B. B. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Gist's Brigade.

Numbers 608.

Report of Major General Patrick R. Cleburne, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 7-27.
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,Baugh's House, near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

GENERAL [HARDEE]: In compliance with the request expressed in your letter of the 10th instant, I have the honor to report the operations of my division from the beginning of the current campaign to the date of General Joseph E. Johnston's being relieved from the command of this army.*

On the 7th of May, 1864, the enemy advanced, with heavy masses of infantry and other arms, toward Rocky Face Gap, near Dalton. It was understood he was also advancing upon the Cleveland road. My division at this time was intrenched upon Mill Creek, on the middle Spring Place road. The next day, the 8th of May, I was ordered to go with dispatch to Dug Gap, a pass in Rocky Face Ridge, five miles southwest of Dalton, then being heavily attacked by Hooker's corps. I was to take Lowrey's and Granbury's brigades. I arrived there after a rapid march, which was rendered

---------------

*See note in brackets, at end of this report, p. 726.

---------------

