
new military road debouched into the Sugar Valley road, ten miles from Dalton. Determining upon a line of battle I camped for the night. At 7 next morning, the 12th, the cavalry skirmishers in advance of me on the Sugar Valley road were driven in. Making any dispositions as promptly as possible, and more in detail than I had been able to do the evening before, I threw up breast-works and awaited the enemy, who was reported advancing in line of battle. He did not attack, however. On the 13th I marched to Resaca and went into position on the crest of the ridge looking into a valley several hundred yards wide, formed by --- Creek, which at this point was parallel with the railroad, and about a mile to the west of it. Here I covered myself with rifle-pits-Bate on my right, Cheatham on my left. During the 14th the enemy came into position on the ridge opposite to me, and opened a heavy fusillade. In the course of the afternoon he made several attempts to charge, but uniformly they were unhappy failures. In front of Brigadier-General Govan, one of his officers, supposed to be a general officer, was heard to address his troops, endeavoring to incite them to the charge. He told them amongst other things that they were the men who had taken Missionary Ridge, and that they could take this. But his eloquence was of no avail. His men came but a few paces into the open ground of the valley, when they retired precipitately under our fire. Toward evening the enemy's fire slackened into a few dropping shots.

Heavy musketry on my front early on the 15th gradually slackening until it was confined principally to sharpshooters, who were, however, quite troublesome. About 10 p. m. ont h 15th, leaving my skirmishers in position, I withdrew from the works and crossed the Oostenaula River by the trestle bridge west of the railroad bridge. Halted at midnight with a few miles of Calhoun. About sunrise I proceeded to Calhoun with my division, and went into line, my left resting on the road leading to an unfinished bridge, my right stretching toward the railroad where it enters the town from the north. About 11 a. m. I was ordered to move to my left and rear to meet a force detached from the left of the left of the position occupied by a body of the enemy lying on the left bank of the river, and held in check by Major-General Walker, commanding his own and Bate's divisions. This detachment was wither directed against Calhoun or was seeking to get around Walker's right. I immediately threw forward Polk's brigade, formed Granbury's brigade as a second line behind him, and placed Govan's brigade in echelon on Polk's right. Lowrey's brigade I disposed on a hill in the angle between --- Creek and the river. I also placed four rifle pieces on the hill so as to enfilade the main body of the enemy in front of Walker. My escort was directed to observe the road from Resaca to Calhoun. Polk became briskly engaged with the enemy's skirmishers after advancing but a short distance. The rifle pieces on the hill opened upon the enemy's right, enfilading his line. This fire seemed to throw him into great confusion. It was entirely unexpected. It would doubtless have proved very destructive, but, unfortunately, before I had had time to fire more than a very few rounds a dispatch was sent me from my pickets that the enemy was coming upon Calhoun, driving Wheeler, with his cavalry, steadily before him. Receiving orders in view of the exposure of my rear to this force, I withdrew my brigade and passed the creek. This was about 5 p. m. Here I found Major-General Walker in position. Placing Granbury on a small wounded hill on the bank of the creek, which commanded

