
the approach to the bridge and ford over the creek, with Polk on his right along the creek bottom, I threw up rifle-pits and upon the hill epaulements for a battery. Govan and Lowrey were sent some two miles or more upon the Adairsville road. Skirmishers were thrown well out on the Calhoun side of the creek, and a strong force placed so as to hold a position (on that side of the creek) which it was feared the enemy, now swinging to the right and feeling for Polk, who had withdrawn from their front, might occupy. This position would have given the enemy command of Walker's flank and rear. The enemy did not come up.

Soon after night I received orders to march toward Adairsville. Leaving Granbury in position to draw in his pickets when all had got away, and join me, I moved at 1 a. m. May 17. I arrived at Adairsville about daylight (17th), halting about two miles north of the town. About 3 p. m. the enemy appeared in some considerable force on the railroad, from Calhoun. Cheatham was placed in position on the crest of a ridge immediately confronting the enemy, his line crossing the railroad at right angles. My division was drawn up on the left of the road in two lines, in Cheatham's rear, about 800 yards distant - Polk and Granbury in the first line, Govan and Lowrey in the second. An open field, traversed by a creek with swampy margins, intervened between me and Cheatham; along my left ran a considerable creek. Much attention was paid to my left flank. It was strengthened by rifle-pits, as also were my two lines. Skirmishers were disposed along the creek on my left, stretching down to Chatham's left. A regiment of Lowrey's was thrown across the creek to my left for further protection to that flank. This force (regiment) afterward gave place to bate. The enemy attacked Cheatham, but my division was not engaged. Soon after night I attended, at your summons, at your headquarters, and received orders to retire. Cheatham was to lead; Bate to follow in half an hour; Walker in another half hour, and I to bring up the rear as soon as I could get to the road. Skirmishers were to be left in position until the corps had got away. By some misunderstanding these skirmishers were withdrawn at 2 o'clock, and came in before my command had filed into the road, thus leaving nothing between me and the enemy. Fortunately, however, an impenetrable fog enveloped the army and covered our movements. I reached Kingston during the early part of the 18th, and halted for some hours. Moving again, I marched until about 4 p. m. with three for my brigades to within two miles of Cassville. Polk was left in Kingston as a rear guard. The next morning, May 19, I went into position. Polk had come up. My line crossed the railroad at right angles. I held the left; Walker next on my right. About 3 p. m., attending with the other major-generals at your quarters, I received orders to send ambulances and ordnance trains to the rear of Cass Station, which was done. This was preparatory to withdrawing the whole line of the corps, a delicate operation in the presence of the enemy, but rendered imperative by his successful artillery practice on Walker's line, which was unavoidably exposed in an open field to the east of the railroad and resting on it. The withdrawal was successfully accomplished, however, the enemy not venturing to press. A new line was taken up a mile or two farther back, my part of which I proceeded to fortify most industriously. At an advanced hour in the night I received orders to move. Sending my ordnance train and the artillery serving with me, under Major Hotchkiss, in ad-

