
vance across the Etowah River by the bridge near the railroad crossing, under the guidance of my senior staff officer, I moved with the rest of the corps by --- Bridge to Willford's Mill, on Pumpkin Vine Creek. Here I remained until Monday, the 23rd of May, when I moved by Dyer's Tan-yard and Tanner's to the Dallas --- road, six miles distant, and camped for the night. On the 24th, next day, at 3 a. m., I marched to Lyster's retracing so far my steps of the day before. At Lyster's I turned to the right, and went a mile or so through the woods, making my headquarters at Darby's. I remained here under orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice, until about dark, when I received orders to move to new Hope Church, where Hood had been fighting for several hours. The night was intensely dark; it was impossible to distinguish the road. Being soon impeded by the rear of Walker's column I bivouacked and sent to you for instructions, in view of my embarrassment by the darkness and choked-up roads. About 10.30 p. m. I received orders to bivouac until 4 a. m. and then move to Maulding, on the Dallas-Atlanta road. I reached Maulding next morning (26th) at 6.30. Later in the day I moved to the right of the army to support Hindman. I got into position before sundown. I was now reporting to Lieutenant-General Hood. For an account of my operations while under command of General Hood, I submit the following report, made to that officer at that time:
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,Paulding County, Ga., May 30, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders, I submit the following account of the operations of my division on the afternoon and night of the 27th instant:

About 2 or 3 o'clock of the afternoon of the 26th I arrived with my division on the extreme right of the then line of the army, when I was sent to support Major-General Hindman. At that point our lines, the general bearing of which was north and south, retired for a few yards to the east. In continuation of this retiring line I placed Polk's brigade (of my division) in and diagonally across it, upon a ridge in echelon by battalion to avoid an artillery enfilade from a neighboring position held by the enemy. Resting on Pok's right was placed Hotchkiss' artillery, consisting of four Napoleons, four Parrott guns, and four howitzers. Supporting Hotchkiss on the right was one regiment of Govan's, of my division. The remainder of my division was disposed in rear as a second line in support of Hindman's right brigades and my first line. Intrenchments were thrown up in the afternoon and night of the 26th and in the morning of the 27th. The position was in the main covered with trees and undergrowth, which served as a screen along our lines, concealed us, and were left standing as far as practicable for that purpose. On the morning of the 27th, at about 7 o'clock, Govan was sent to the north front on a reconnaissance, with directions to swing to the left in his advance. From time to time, while engaged in this reconnaissance, Govan sent me word that the enemy was moving to the right - his own left. At 11 a. m., upon my order to that effect, Govan came in, leaving his skirmishers about three-quarters of a mile in front. I at once placed him on the right of Polk, where he covered himself in rifle-pits. About 4 p. m., hearing that the enemy's infantry in line of battle were pressing the cavalry on my right (they had already driven in my skirmishers), I placed Granbury on Govan's right. He had but just gotten into position, and a dismounted cavalry force, in line behind a few disconnected heaps of stones loosely piled together, had passed behind him, when the enemy advanced. He slowed himself first, having driven back my skirmishers, in the edge of an open field in front of Govan, about 400 yards across, where he halted and opened fire. From the point on the ridge where Govan's right and Granbury's left met, there made off a spur, which, at about 100 yards from it, turned sharply to the northeast, running then a direction almost parallel with it and maintaining about an equal elevation. Between this spur and the parent ridge, beginning in front of Granbury's left, was a deep ravine, the side of which next to Granbury was very steep, with occasional benches of rock up to a line within thirty or forty yards of Gran-

