
with his brigade, from Hindman's division, whom I sent to his support, taking his place in the line as he stepped out of it. The Texans, their bayonets fixed, plunged into the darkness with a terrific yell, and with one bound were upon the enemy, but they met with no resistance. Surprised and panic-stricken many fled, escaping in the darkness, others surrendered and were brought into our lines. It needed but the brilliancy of this night attack to add luster to the achievements of Granbury and his brigade in the afternoon. In am deeply indebted to them both. My thanks are also due to General Lowrey for the coolness and skill which he exhibited in forming his line. His successive formation was the precise answer to the enemy's movement in extending his left to turn our right. Time was formed under heavy fire, on ground unknown to him and of the most difficult character, and the stern firmness with which he and his men and Baucum's regiment drove off the enemy and resisted his renewed attacks without doubt saved the right of the army, as Granbury had already done before.

During the progress of the battle much service was rendered by the rifle battery and two remaining howitzers of Key's battery, in position on Polk's right. They were trained in enfilade upon the enemy's reserves massed behind the hill in front of the spur we occupied. I regretted I did not have more guns for this service. I had sent the Napoleon guns to the right, where they were unable to find position, and so were useless.

During these operations Polk was not engaged, but it was a source of strength and confidence to the rest of the division to know that he had charge of the weakest and most delicate part of our line.

It is due to the following officers of my staff that I should acknowledge the industry, zeal, and activity they manifested in the battle; Major Calhoun Benham, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. K. Dixon, assistant inspector-general; Captain Irving A. Buck, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Robert McFarland, Lieutenants L. H. Mangum, S. P. Hanly, and J. W. Jetton, aides-de-camp, and Captain C. H. Byrne, volunteer aide-de-camp. They did their full duty with ability, gallantry, and enthusiasm. I am indebted to them for their co-operation. My ordnance, under Captain C. S. Hill, and my medical department, under Surg. D. A. Linthicum, and my artillery, under Major T. R. Hotchkiss, were well administered.

My casualties in this battle were few. I had 85 killed, 363 wounded, carrying into the engagement 4,683 muskets. The enemy's losses were very heavy. The lowest estimate which can be made of his dead is 500. We captured 160 prisoners, who were sent to army headquarters, exclusive of 72 of his wounded carried to my field hospital. He could not have lost in all less then 3,000 killed and wounded. I took upward of 1,200 small-arms.

This battle was fought at a place known as the "Pickett Settlement," and about two miles northeast of New Hope Church.

Very respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hood's Corps.

[The continuation of this report is not found.]

Numbers 609.

Report of Brigadier General Mark L. Lowrey, C. S. Army, commanding Cleburne's division, of operations August 31 and September 1.
HEADQUARTERS LOWREY'S BRIGADE,Jonesborough, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: Having commanded Cleburne's division in the battles of Jonesborough on the 31st ultimo and 1st instant, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the division in said battles:

The division arrived at Jonesborough about sunrise on the morning of the 31st of August, having marched all the night previous. After a few hours' rest I placed the division in position on the extreme left of the line, west of Jonesborough, on the Jonesborough and

