
Fayetteville road, in a direction parallel with and facing Flint River. The line was formed in the following order: Granbury's brigade on the left; Lowrey's, Colonel John Weir commanding, in the center; Mercer's, Colonel Charles H. Olmstead commanding, on the right, and Govan's in reserve in rear of Granbury's. Brown's division was next on my right. Each man was provided with sixty rounds of ammunition, and all were informed that General Hood expected them to go at the enemy with fixed bayonets, and drive them across the river. General Granbury's left regiment was made the battalion to the left and swing gradually to the right. Strict instructions were given to brigade commanders to keep their lines well regulated, and in halting and dressing the line to be governed by the left brigade. About 3.30 p. m. the division moved forward in good order and soon encountered the enemy in an open field, strongly posted behind the rail breast-works, with four pieces of artillery. From prisoners taken the force was ascertained to have been cavalry dismounted, under command of the Federal General Kilpatrick. Both artillery and small-arms opened vigorously on my lines, but after a short contest the enemy fled in confusion, and were pursued by my command with great impetuosity. A portion of this force made a slight stand at a second line of works, to hold us in check while the remainder crossed Flint River; but the stand was only slight, and all soon fled in great confusion, leaving in front of Lowrey's brigade 2 pieces of artillery in a deep slough near the creek. Contrary to instructions, Granbury's brigade crossed the river for the purpose of driving a battery from the next hill, which was doing some execution in our lines. Too full of impetuosity, Lowrey's and Mercer's followed the example, and the enemy was driven from another line of works beyond the river. I immediately ordered the brigade commanders to bring their commands back and form their lines on this side of the river. Observing that we were far in advance of the troops on our right, and that the connection on the right was entirely broken, I immediately ordered Brigadier-General Govan to change the direction of his line and unite with the forces on our right, and press the enemy's flank, if a flank could be found, assuring him that I would join him with the other three brigades as soon as possible. Pending the movements and the reformation of the other brigades, I galloped to the right to make observations. I found that the enemy was in good works, the right to make observations. I found that the enemy that Cheatham's division, under command of Brigadier-General Maney, had come in and occupied the ground between my command and the enemy's infantry works. But supposing a charge would be ordered, I was making all haste to get in position to join in the assault, when I received an order from Major-General Cleburne to return to the position from which I started. On arriving at that Lieutenant-General Lee; but having proceeded in that direction about 600 yards I was ordered by Lieutenant-General Hardee to halt and await further orders. Again I was soon ordered back to the place from which I commenced the advance.

In the engagement the loss of the division was 28 killed and 147 wounded; total, 175.

Both officers and men acted with their usual gallantry, and in obedience to the order given drove across the river all the enemy that was in their front.

