
Enemy's loss very light in this assault - probably 30 or 40 killed and wounded. Little firing on our side. Our effective strength ninety-one in this attack. Assault the enemy's works again in the evening; repulsed, the formation of the enemy's works in this place being such as to subject us to a terrific cross-fire. I attribute this repulse to the inadequacy and exhaustion of our forces. Enemy numerous here, having had time to concentrate his forces. Our effective force in this assault twenty-two men. Enemy's loss not known. Our loss 1 man wounded.

Receive no assistance from the reserve in thos assaults.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[A. A. COX.]

Captain SNEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 611.

Reports of Brigadier General Mark P. Lowrey, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 20 - September 1.
HEADQUARTERS LOWREY'S BRIGADE,Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of the 22nd instant:

My line was formed in rear of Smith's brigade and the East Point and Decatur road, with the regiments arranged in the following order from right to left: First, Thirty-third Alabama, Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Crittenden; second, Thirty-second Mississippi, Colonel W. H. H. Tison; third, Sixteenth Alabama, Lieutenant Colonel F. A. Ashford; fourth, Fifth Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel John B. Herring; fifth, Third Mississippi Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Williams; sixth, Forty-fifth Alabama Regiment, Colonel H. D. Lampley; seventh, Eighth Mississippi, Colonel John C. Wilkinson. I was ordered to follow Smith's brigade 500 yards in rear. The whole country through which we passed was one vast densely-set thicket-so much so that it was found very difficult either to follow Smith's brigade or keep the proper interval, as a line of battle could not be seen fifty yards. The advance line soon seemed to have had much difficult in keeping the proper direction - soon moved by the right flank, then forward; then by the right flank again, then forward; then by the left flank. The difficulty of following their movements in such dense woods can scarcely be imagined, and to add to the difficulty a part of General Maney's command, which I had been informed was to remain 300 yards in my rear, soon passed through my line, crating great confusion, which required a considerable amount of time to repair. That lien then halted, and I passed through it, and was reforming in front of it when I received an order from Major-General Cleburne to move up rapidly. I then started forward us rapidly as possible, but soon received an order from Lieutenant-General Hardee to move rapidly to the support of General Govan, who was on the left of Smith. To do this I must again move by the left flank, which I began at once to do; but I soon re-

