
ceived an order from Major-General Cleburne to move rapidly to the front and charge the works; that no time must be lost. I then halted, rectified the line, and gave notice to each regiment what they were expected to do, and moved forward without delay, being then in about 500 yards of the breast-works. The right wing of my brigade had to cross a glade which was very miry, and then before advancing far encountered Smith's brigade, which had been repulsed and was reforming. These unforeseen obstacles threw them into confusion and separated them entirely from the left. The woods being so thick that I could not see 100 yards of my line at one time, the derangement was not discovered by me until it was too late to rectify it. To add to the difficulties, my men had had neither sleep nor rest for two days and nights, and under the rapid marching above mentioned, and under the oppressive heat, many good men fell completely exhausted and could go no farther; but, notwithstanding the great disorder, the line, though scattered and thin, rushed forward with great impetuosity, as though they bade defiance to yankee breast-works. The Eight Mississippi lost their gallant colonel, adjutant, and many other valuable officers and men near the works. The Forty-fifth Alabama rushed forward, the gallant Colonel Lampley leading the charge, who was wounded and captured in the works, and Major George C. Freeman was wounded in two places in the works and captured. Three color-bearers were shot down in rapid succession - 1 killed and the other 2 wounded. The Sixteenth Alabama captured 2 Yankee flags, which were left by the retreating foe in front of their works. The Thirty-second Mississippi rushed forward almost to the works, when one-third of the command fell at one volley and 2 color-bearers were killed in quick succession.

All the regiments acted well. Taking the brigade all together, i never saw a greater display of gallantry; but they failed to take the works simply because the thing attempted was impossible for a think line of exhausted men to accomplish. It was a direct attack by exhausted men against double their number behind strong breast-works. The history of this war can show no instance of success under such circumstances.

I lost in killed, wounded, and captured about one-half the men that were in the charge, 180 men, with their officers, being absent on picket detail, besides those who had fallen out in the fatiguing march.

My loss, as will be seen from the accompanying report of casualties, was 578 killed, wounded, and missing. Many of the captured were first wounded, but some charged over the breast-works and were captured, while others went to the works and could not get away.

The staff officers with me were Capts. O. S. Palmer, J. Y. Carmack, and Lieutenants A. J. Hall and W. J. Milner. All these officers acted with coolness and gallantry, as they had done on every field. Captain Carmack was wounded and captured. Captain Palmer and Lieutenant Hall each had a horse killed under him while near the enemy's works.

I reformed my command and brought it up to the support of Mercer's brigade in a charge later in the evening, but they were not again engaged.

I herewith submit a report of the casualties of my brigade on the 22nd instant.

