
shelling, which, in consequence of his advantageous position, were very annoying and dangerous to my men. It was about 9.30 o'clock of this day that the gallant Colonel Samuel Adams, Thirty-third Alabama Regiment, was instantly killed by a Yankee sharpshooters. This true patriot and Christian hero - a perfect specimen of a soldier and gentleman - who had distinguished himself on many well-fought fields, fell at his post, leaving his gallant regiment to feel as orphans, and many other friends and comrades in arms to mourn an irreparable loss. The brigade remained in this position during the day, improving their works and continually in readiness to resist an assault of the enemy, which was threatened all the day long. My loss during the day was 6 killed and 42 wounded. Early in the night the brigade withdrew, leaving a detail of about 180 men deployed in front of the position. During the night the brigade moved with the balance of Hardee's corps around the left flank of the enemy to attack him on his flank and rear. The attack was made on the 22d. For the operations of my command on that day please see the following report.*

After remaining four days in the position where the battle of the 22nd was fought, and constructing a good line of works connecting with the works taken from the enemy, my brigade was, on the 27th of July, removed to the immediate works around Atlanta and placed in position with my left resting near Chase street. The brigade remained seven days in this position and greatly improved the works.

During this seven days, from the shelling and sharpshooting of the enemy, I sustained a loss of 2 killed and 20 wounded.

On the evening of the 3rd of August my brigade was relieved by the Georgia militia, and on the morning of the 4th moved out in the direction of East Point, bivouacked near the city, and remained there two days. On the evening of the 6th I moved farther in the direction of East Point, and on the morning of the 7th took up position near Conley's Mill, about two miles from East Point. I constructed a strong line of works here and remained in them until the evening of the 29th. The time spent here was remarkably quiet. There was some shelling and slight skirmishing, from which I lost 2 killed and 6 wounded. On the morning of the 30th I moved to the left of East Point, went into position, and employed the day in constructing works, but late in the evening I was ordered farther to the left and halted for a short rest. I was then placed in command of Cleburne's division, and ordered by Major-General Cleburne, commanding corps, to move to Jonesborough. I turned over the command of the brigade to Colonel John Weir, Fifth Mississippi Regiment, and the brigade with the rest of the division arrived at Jonesborough about daylight on the morning of the 31st of August.

Please see the following report by Colonel Weir:+

The two pieces of artillery referred to by Colonel Weir as captured on the 31st were by the enemy thrown into a deep slough in Flint River bottom and abandoned. The whole division having been immediately ordered back to its original position and then to the support of General Lee, on the right, the artillery could not be taken from the slough.

My whole loss from the 20th of July to the 1st of September was 115 killed, 491 wounded, and 104 missing; total, 710.

---------------

*See p. 731.

+See Numbers 612, post.

---------------

