
It will be observed that there is a discrepancy between my report of casualties here submitted and that embraced in my report of the engagement of the 22nd of July. My report of casualties then was made from the report of regimental commanders, submitted on the field immediately after the engagement. Some men were reported missing who afterward came in. Others were reported missing who were afterward found to have been killed, and some were reported wounded whose wounds were very slight, and who soon returned to duty and were left out in the last report, hence it will be seen that the last report represents a larger number killed and a smaller wounded and missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

M. P. LOWREY,

Brigadier-General.

Major CALHOUN BENHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 612.

Reports of Colonel John Weir, Fifth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Lowrey's brigade, of operations August 31 and September 1 and 2.
HEADQUARTERS LOWREY'S BRIGADE,September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular dated headquarters Cleburne's division, September 2, 1864, I would respectfully submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the battles of 31st of August and 1st of September, near Jonesborough:

I placed the brigade in position on 31st of August west of the Jonesborough and Fayetteville road, Mercer's brigade being on my right and Granbury's on the left, the line of battle moving northeast and southwest, and being about half a mile west of the railroad. At 3 p. m. the line was advanced, and a distance of 400 yards brought me into an open field, where I received the first fire of the enemy, who were posted behind breast-works made of rails about 300 yards in front of my command, supported by two pieces of artillery. I immediately ordered a charge, and the brigade rushed forward and drove the enemy from his position in great confusion. He retreated across Flint River, and the men were so eager in the pursuit that they could not be halted till they had gained a second line of works, about 300 yards west of the river, in which the enemy made no stand, being so hotly perused. I immediately withdrew the brigade to the east side and formed it near the margin of the timber skirting the river bank. The brigade captured 4 pieces of artillery, which were not brought off the field. In compliance with orders I then withdrew to our former position on the Jonesborough and Fayetteville road.

My loss in this affair was 8 killed and 66 wounded.

I will state that the conduct of men and officers was commendable and praiseworthy.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of 1st of September I received orders to follow Mercer to the right. About daylight I got the brigade into position behind some unfinished earth-works three-quarters of a mile north of Jonesborough, Granbury on my right and Mercer on my

