
left. The enemy was strongly posted in my front, and my men were subjected all day to a severe ordeal of sharpshooting and shelling by his batteries. Notwithstanding this, by midday I succeeded in erecting very substantial earth-works with a strong abatis in front. At 3 p. m. the enemy made a demonstration along my entire front, but did not drive in my pickets. Later in the evening, having a battery in position to my right rear, my men were very much harassed by his fire, the balls coming from the right obliquely into the rear of my works.

My loss during the day was 4 killed and 27 wounded.

It is with pleasure that I can attention to Captain O. S. Palmer, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant T. J. Williams, aide-de-camp, who rendered me efficient service, and were conspicuous for their gallantry and courage.

I have the honor, lieutenant, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN WEIR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. J. MILNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LOWREY'S BRIGADE, CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

September 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor, very respectfully, to make the following report as to the action of this brigade with the enemy upon the 2nd instant, near Lovejoy's Station:

I arrived one mile east of Lovejoy's Station, upon the McConough road, at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of September. I formed line, with Mercer's brigade upon my left and Granbury's upon my right. The general direction of my line was east and west. At 10 a. m. I had my line formed in single rank, and went to throwing up breast-works. At 3 p. m. the enemy made their appearance in front of my pickets. A sharp skirmish commenced, which was kept up until 4 p. m. The enemy advanced upon my picket-line with a strong line of skirmishers and two lines of battle; drove in my pickets, broke the picket-line to my right, and captured some of my pickets. The ground was so situated that the enemy, after breaking the picket-line to my right, was in rear of some of my pickets before they could be observed by them. After breaking my picket-line, they made a charge upon my works (they not being completed with their first line, coming within 250 yards of my works, but were handsomely repulsed. They attempted to bring up a second line, but with no better success than the first. From their graves, that were in my front, and from the report of two officers from the brigades that were captured upon the picket-line (who have since been exchanged, their loss was very heavy, considering the time that we were engaged. The officers captured report that their pickets wounded 1 brigadier-general and several line officer and privates.

The enemy's report confirms the brigadier-general being wounded; also 4 colonels and 1 lieutenant-colonel wounded, 1 assistant adjutant-general wounded and 1 killed, and 1 adjutant killed; besides a long list of line officers and privates were wounded.

