
My pickets fought the enemy, driving back the skirmish line, and until their line of battle was within forty steps of their barricades and in rear of a part of my picket-line.

My loss was 1 killed, 9 wounded, and 39 missing.

I am pleased to state that the conduct of both officers and privates of this brigade was marked with great coolness and courage upon that occasion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN WEIR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant MILNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 613.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel C. Govan, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 22.
HEADQUARTERS GOVAN'S BRIGADE,Fortifications of Atlanta, July 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my command in the engagement of the 22nd instant near Atlanta:

After having bivouacked about an hour within the intrenchments of Atlanta on the night of the 21st instant, I received an order to move at 12.30 upon the McDonough road, and marched accordingly. My men had been much wearied by the operations of the 20th, the subsequent moving and intrenching upon the Augusta railroad, and the fight of the 21st, and the loss of another night's rest was a heavy tax upon their powers of endurance. After halting for about two hours after daylight and supplying twenty additional rounds of ammunition, my command again moved with the division, passing Cobb's Mills, until we reached the road leading in the direction of the Augusta railroad. In accordance with the directions of the division and corps commanders, I formed my line of battle nearly perpendicular to this road, with my left regiment upon the west side, and with two regiments of cavalry to protect that flank. The road ran somewhat west of north, and I was instructed to preserve the same relative position to it, and informed that the whole corps would conform to my movements. I was further told that moving thus I would take in flank the works of the enemy facing Atlanta. The advance was begun at 11.40 a. m., and was attended with great difficulties, as the way lay through a forest having a dense and almost impassable undergrowth. Frequent halts were necessary in order to correct the alignment and to allow the troops upon my right time to come up. After moving about a mile, information was received that a train of 500 wagons was parked in an unprotected place in front of me, and I was directed to move forward rapidly in order to capture them. I accordingly instructed Lieutenant-Colonel Brasher, Second Arkansas Regiment, commanding my skirmishers, to press on and drive in the enemy's pickets without firing a gun, which was gallantly done. My line had now reached Roder's house, where it was again reformed, and whence it moved forward without again halting. I did not encounter the regiment upon picket as was

47 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT III

