
expected, nor did I find any traces of a wagon train. About this time the enemy opened a section of Napoleon guns from the road, but without effect. We now soon came upon our skirmishers, who had halted under fire from the enemy's works, and the engagement began at 1 p. m. The intrenchments of the enemy facing Atlanta extended along the road upon which we advanced. Contrary to our expectation and information we encountered other works almost perpendicular to these, and designed to protect him from the very movement we were then making. These consisted of two lines of breast-works - the first about 200 yards in length, the second in its rear and reaching farther to our right, each having in front an almost impassable abatis, formed by cutting down the thick undergrowth of small oaks. A line of battle occupied the ground in front of my right upon the extension of the line of works. The two Napoleon guns before alluded to were upon the right of the first work, and swept the road and the woods upon either side. My left, the First and Fifteenth, the Second and Twenty-fourth, and half of the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, came full upon these formidable intrenchments. The men charged to within thirty paces of them, and sustained for fifteen or twenty minutes the withering fire which was poured upon them, at the same time making their way through the abatis to the enemy. At length the enemy ceased during and called upon my men to stop also, saying they surrendered, while some of them aimed their guns and were only prevented from firing by their comrades, who preferred to end the fighting. At this juncture, a portion of the Second and Twenty-fourth Arkansas advanced to the works to receive the surrender, when the Federal, who filled the trenches, seeing the fewness of their numbers, took them prisoners. The enemy made a dash upon my center and for a moment checked the advance, when Colonel Murray, fifth Arkansas, collected his men and gallantry charged them back. Meanwhile the right, consisting of half the Fifth and Thirteenth, the Eighth and Nineteenth, and the sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments, had advanced beyond the flank of the enemy's works, and had driven before it the line there opposed, the Sixth and Seventh and the Eighth and Nineteenth capturing a battery of 6 Napoleon guns, which before that time had been vigorously used against us.

Perceiving that the right had passed on, and that the work was not yet done upon the left, where my small force was liable to be overpowered by the large number whom they thought to capture, I directed the right to change direction to the left, in order to take them in flank and rear. This was promptly and opportunely done, and compelled the immediate surrender of all who did not take flight in the confusion. This timely success rescued those of the Second and Twenty-fourth Arkansas who had been entrapped, and the officers of this command now received the swords of their late captors. In making the movement to the left a portion of the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas swept around and reached the open field across which the brigade charged later in the evening. The First and Fifteenth Arkansas took the 2 guns which were placed upon the road. The whole affair was gallantly, brilliantly executed, and has never been excelled in dash and spirit by any previous action of these veteran soldiers. Officers fearlessly led their men - the men came on as well. I know of none who did not his whole duty well and bravely, and I do not think too much praise can be accorded these brave troops by their commanders and their country. Indeed,

