
I can scarcely conceive how the left, being a very attenuated line, succeeded in gaining the works under the murderous fire to which they were exposed in passing the abatis. In some places the enemy were bayoneted in their trenches, so stubbornly did they resist my little band. With a single, unsupported line the work was done - a largely superior force, protected by formidable lines of intrenchments, had been routed and many hundred prisoners taken. The success was great and signal, but it was accomplished at a fearful cost. My brave men, never faltering, were shot down within a few paces of the enemy, while the officers, every one at his post, were especially the objects of his aim.

There fell many whose services were invaluable. First among these was John E. Morray, colonel of the Fifth Arkansas Regiment, than whom I think there was no more gallant and promising young officer. He had just attained his majority, and was brave and chivalrous, of a high order of intelligence, and of fine capacity for command. Had he been spared he would doubtless soon have attested his very superior military qualifications in a higher sphere of usefulness. His loss is irrepable and has cast a gloom over the whole command, where he was universally beloved.

So, too, with Lieutenant Colonel Anderson Watkings, Eighth Arkansas Regiment, who was stricken down, sword in hand, very near the enemy's works. Also quite young, he was a brave soldier, a gifted and valuable officer, possessed of great courage, and having a high sense of duty.

In this attack were wounded Colonel Colquitt and Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, First Arkansas, both severely; Colonel Warfield and Lieutenant-Colonel Brasher, Second Arkansas; Colonel Smith, Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron, and Major Douglass, Sixth Arkansas; Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison, Nineteenth Arkansas, and Captains White and Washington, Fifth Arkansas, both dangerously, besides many other brave and valuable officers, whom I cannot name in so condensed a report.

When the men gained the works they were much scattered and mingled, in consequence of having passed through the woods and abatis, and with the assistance of my officers I at once set about reforming my line. The regiments, much reduced, were drawn up along the enemy's second work.

At about 5 p. m. the major-general commanding directed me to move forward again. The order was given, and the men passed the works and moved on with alacrity, notwithstanding their thinned ranks and exhausted condition. Passing through the woods for about 500 yards, the command reached an open field sloping upward and forward, on the west side of which extended the continuation of the works that had been carried. We were ow in rear of them as they fronted Atlanta, but the enemy had faced about and constructed a second and parallel line alongside of the former, being thus protected both in flank and rear. He had also thrown up a work at an angle with this, with its left thrown back, which commanded the field above referred to, and from which he kept up a work at an angle with this, with its left thrown back, which commanded the field above referred to, and from which he kept up a heavy and constant flank fire upon my men. Undaunted, however, my command gallantly charged across the open field, at the same time changing direction to the left, on which flank the enemy was nearest, and carried the intrenchments at about the same time that a force from Cheatham's division, upon the opposite side, took them upon my left. With this force were the skirmish-

