
ers of this division, which had just arrived from their late position upon the Augusta railroad, under command of Colonel Baucum, Eighth Arkansas Regiment, of my brigade, who was dangerously wounded in the charge. This position had been several times unsuccessfully attacked, if I am not misinformed, and to carry it required the most determined bravery and spirit. We now held the most advanced position of the works that had been carried, with our right extended away toward the enemy and within twenty-five or thirty yards of him, and having our front, rear, and flank exposed to an unintermitting fire. Operations ceased with the approach of night, and my troops lay in this exposed position under fire until about 2 o'clock next morning, when, upon my representing that it would be extremely hazardous to attempt to remain there after daylight, I was directed to retire my command to the second work taken from the enemy. This I at once proceeded to extend and accommodate to my defense, using for this purpose tools captured from the enemy. Brigadier-General Lowrey was placed upon my right, while the Texas brigade, having lost its commander, was reported to me and stationed in the enemy's first work in my rear.

I think I can assert that the command accomplished all that was expected of it on this day. My men carried three distinct works of the enemy without being one repulsed, and held the ground gained until ordered back from the last position, being unsupported. When the command too possession of the first works these were filled with the enemy, all of whom were captured except such as fled in the confusion. I had been instructed to allow my men to stop for no spoils, and to return with no prisoners, and accordingly the captured were sent to the rear without guards, in consequence of which I doubt not many escaped through the woods. I think we captured about 700 prisoners at the first charge, besides others which were taken by my men in conjunction with Cheatham's division in the last engagement. We brought off 8 pieces of artillery, several wagons loaded with ammunition and with intrenching loose, and 10 or 15 mules and artillery horses.

Late in the evening my aide-de-camp (Lieutenant J. L. Bostick, of Nashville, Tenn.) was dangerously, I fear mortally, wounded. During two years' service with this command he has ever been at his post, a most efficient, gallant, and reliable officer, and worthy of greater trust than has been imposed upon him. In this engagement, as well as in all others in which he was, he behaved with cool and intelligent gallantry, and was of great assistance to me. The command and the country can ill afford to lose his services.

Captain G. A. Williams, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant J. G. Warfield, assistant inspector-general, acted with great gallantry, and rendered me every assistance in directing the operations of my command upon the advance, attended with so many difficulties.

Captain King and Lieutenant Simpson, of the division staff, also assisted me greatly in the advance.

My couriers disappeared after the first fire, and were of no assistance whatever.

I cannot too highly commend to the major-general commanding the conduct of officers and men upon this trying occasion. I encountered the enemy with my brigade, numbering about 1,000 effective men, and lost about one-half, with three-fourths of my field and a proportionate number of company officers. In this hurried report it is impossible to make special mention of all who deserve it.

