
the depot, the general direction of which was northwest and southeast, and remained in this position until about 3 p. m., when we were advanced to the Fairburn road, where we were halted an hour. Then being ordered forward, we had advanced but a short distance when Granbury engaged the enemy, driving them with little resistance. Having reached on open field at a distance of 500 yards from the Fairburn road, the brigade became exposed to the fire the enemy's artillery, then in full view, and charged to the support of Granbury's brigade, which by this time had driven the enemy from their temporary breast-works across Flint Creek. We were halted at the creek, and after some maneuvering were marched back to the position occupied prior to the charge, and there spent the night, having sustained a loss of 2 officer and 2 men killed, and 1 officer and 8 men wounded without firing a gun.

On the morning of the 1st instant the brigade was aroused at 3 o'clock and immediately moved by the right flank through Jonesborough and about one mile beyond and northwest of the town, and were placed in position on the extreme right of our line. We arrived in rear of our position about daybreak, but, owing to the unsettled condition of the brigade on our left, did not commence work until between the hours of 8 and 9. We had just succeeded in throwing up works of sufficient strength to protect against minie-balls, when we were ordered to built a work running from the right of the brigade to the railroad, almost perpendicular to the first line. About this time a heavy artillery fire was opened upon us from points opposite the right, left, and center with such effect that Colonel Smith, Sixth Arkansas Regiment, who had supervision of the work, deemed it advisable to suspend the work temporarily on account of the exposure to which the men were subjected, several having been killed and wounded. In the mean time the enemy were engaged in massing their troops in front of our right, and at 3 p. m. drove in the pickets along my entire front, in half an hour advancing in heavy column upon the front of the right of the brigade, also upon the flank. they charged to within from thirty-to sixty yards of the works and were repulsed, with heavy loss, the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments capturing about 20 prisoners. The enemy retired in great confusion beyond the brow of the hill and reformed, and being heavily re-enforced charged again from three directions, converging upon the angle formed by the two lines above mentioned, and carried the works occupied by the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiment, and, forming a line at right angle with the works, advanced square down the flank and rear of the brigade. Although the odds were very great, the men gallantry contested their advance, fighting the enemy with clubbed guns and at the point of the bayonet, and thus a great many lost the opportunity for escaping. The advance of the enemy was so rapid, and the woods on the right being so dense as the screen their movements it was impossible to form any combinations to resist it. Thus it was that our gallant Brigadier General D. C. Govan and his equally gallant assistant adjutant-general (Captain G. A. Williams) were captured almost before aware that the enemy had broken the line. In this way, advancing down the works, they arrived in rear of the Third Confederate Regiment, which was on the right of the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, and which was engaging a line of battle 100 yards in their front, [and] it was forced

