
About 1 p. m. the enemy advanced his lines against Govan's position and against my right. After a desperate resistance Govan's line gave way, and the enemy, gaining his breast-works and the timber in rear of them, poured an murderous enfilading fire all along my line. Our forces to the right of Govan had also given way, and the enemy were rapidly pushing down the railroad to my rear. Not aware that we had any supporting forces for that portion of the line (all the troops were in single rank), I ordered a change of front to the rear on my left battalion. Pending the execution of this movement Lieutenant-General Hardee and Brigadier-General Lowrey rode forward rapidly, supposing that my men had been driven away. I explained to those two officers that the movement was by my order and the reason for it. Being assured by General Lowrey that my right flank should be protected, I ordered my men back to their original position, which was promptly obeyed. The position held by the enemy in Govan's trenches and in the timber was in forty paces of my right, and the change of front to the rear and the return to the original position were both executed under an incessant fire.

Vaughan's brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Gordon, was sent by Brigadier-General Lowrey, commanding the division, to retake Govan's trenches. In advancing to the attack this command either oblique to the left or was not placed in position far enough to the right. Three of the regiments went into my trenches and only one confronted the enemy in Govan's works. These drove them from the timber and threw them on the defensive in Govan's trenches and relieved my line to a great extent from the enfilading fire of musketry. One of the enemy's batteries, however, farther to the right, continued to harass us, coming as it did obliquely from the rear, and rattling fire of small-arms was all the time kept up by the enemy in front.

The enemy's loss in front of my right was heavy, and their repeated efforts to break that portion of my line were repulsed. I held the position until 11 p. m., and withdrew silently by the left flank. Goldthwaite's battery was withdrawn by my order at dusk.

My loss (principally from the center to the right) was 18 killed and 89 wounded.

Lieutenant George B. Jewell, acting ordnance officer, deserves especial mention for the promptness with which his ammunition train conformed to the movement of the brigade on the 31st of August, and on timely supply of ammunition whenever it was needed throughout both engagements.

First Lieutenant Sebron G. Sneed, acting assistant adjutant-general, was severely wounded in the breast on the evening of the 1st instant while carrying an order in the most exposed portion of the field. His conspicuous daring won the admiration of the entire command. To him and to Captain T. B. Camp, acting assistant inspector-general and Lieutenant D. B. Hall, aide-de-camp, my thanks are due for prompt assistance in both engagements.

Appended is a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. GRANBURY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant MILNER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

