
der of the brigade joined with Govan's brigade and participated in the second charge with that brigade. The regiment assisted in that charge in capturing quite a number of prisoners, several pieces of artillery, and 2 stand of colors. The regiment then, in obedience to orders, fell back to the first line of intrenchments and rejoined the brigade. About 5 o'clock another charge was made upon the enemy, in which about half the regiment reached the enemy's works, where they fought with bayonets and clubbed muskets; but the enemy being in strong force and offering stubborn resistance, we were finally compelled to fall back. The losses on the 22nd were - in killed, 5; wounded, 24; missing, 15.

On the 20th Captain B. R. Tyus, acting lieutenant-colonel, was wounded. On the 21st Captain Rhoads Risher, commanding regiment, was wounded in hip. Captain M. M. Houston assumed command, and in about ten minutes was himself wounded in the head. Captain S. E. Rice, commanding regiment on the 22d, was either killed or captured in the second charge. The command of the regiment then devolved upon the undersigned.

The officers and men of the regiment acted well and gallantly, even when compelled to fall back under heavy fire to prevent flanking by the enemy.

T. L. FLYNT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Sixth and Fifteenth Texas Regts.

Lieutenant S. G. SNEED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Brigade.

Numbers 618.

Report of Captain J. William Brown, Seventh Texas Infantry, of operations July 20-22.
HDQRS. SEVENTH TEXAS REGIMENT INFANTRY,July 28, 1864.

Report of part taken by Seventh Texas in actions near Atlanta on 20th, 21st, and 22nd of July, 1864:

July 20, were not engaged with small-arms. Effective force on regiment, 110; 1 man severely wounded with fragment of shell. 21st, suffered severely from the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery. Enemy made demonstrations on our front, in which they were severely punished and driven back to their works. Lost 2 men killed and 7 wounded. Both men and officers behaved with coolness and bravery. 22d, we attacked the enemy, driving him from his position, taking two sets of earth-works, capturing near 200 prisoners, and 10 or 12 pieces of cannon, of which 6 or 8 pieces were brought off the field with safety; also, a number of wagons and teams. The enemy were severely punished. The regiment numbered about 100 effective; enemy's force much larger than ours. A second charge was made on the enemy's works in the evening, in which we suffered severely. Succeeded in partially driving the enemy from their works, but we were compelled to fall back, the enemy having flanked us out of position on our right, as the troops on the right of our brigade did not come up in due time. Our loss in the

