
day's fight 30 killed, wounded, and missing. First Lieutenant J. M. Craig fell dead while gallantly leading his company in the second charge. Both men and officers behaved very gallantly.

J. WM. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 619.

Report of Captain John A. Formwalt, Tenth Texas Infantry, of operations July 21 and 22.
HDQRS. TENTH TEXAS REGIMENT VOL. INFANTRY,In Front of Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your order of this instant I will proceed to give you an account of the two day's (21st and 22nd instant engagement with the enemy, Colonel R. Q. Mills being in command up to 2 o'clock on the 22d, when he received a painful wound by a shell.

On the morning of the 21st my regiment was halted in the edge of an old field and in the center of the brigade, confronting the enemy's works and about 400 yards from them. Here we threw up temporary works under a heavy fire. About 12 m. the enemy advanced a line of infantry and drove in our pickets and made an assault upon our works, and were repulsed with heavy loss. During the day we were under a very heavy fire both of artillery and infantry, suffering mostly from the former, our loss being 8 killed (among whom was our gallant captain, James W. Bennett, commanding Company B) and 12 wounded. At night we received orders to move by the right flank. Marched to Atlanta; rested some three hours, at the expiration of which time we received marching orders.

On the morning of the 22nd we formed our command in line of battle in rear of the enemy and upon their left, which consisted of a large force, and the same who we encountered on the day previous. Our skirmishers having been thrown out, orders were given to forward, which we did. We advanced about one mile and a half and came up with them about 2 p. m., causing them to abandon all their artillery and driving them from their three rear liens of fortifications; but having no support upon our right we were forced to fall back to the second line of works, where we reformed. In this charge we lost 19 men and officers captured. We brought off 15 horses and mules, 6 pieces of artillery, and 30 horses to same. Our lines being reformed, we were again ordered to advance and drive the enemy from the works which we had so recently held. We did so, but having no support upon our right, as in the first attack, were forced to fall back.

In both charges we captured and brought out 50 prisoners, our loss being 5 killed (among whom was Lieutenant Edward Ashby, commanding Company H) and 15 wounded. It is impossible to say how many prisoners we captured during the day, as many who were captured and sent to the rear were picked up by other regiments and stragglers.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your most obedient servant,

J. A. FORMWALT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. G. SNEED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

