
some five or six pieces of artillery, several wagons and ambulances our regiment ran over; also many horses and mules. As soon as it was ascertained that Major Person (senior officer) had surrendered us, many made their escape by running. We made a second charge upon the enemy's works late in the evening, but did not succeed in taking the works, the brigade on our right not coming up and the enemy having an enfilading fire upon us. Many of our regiment went to the works on the left, it being put on the left of the brigade late in the evening.

Loss, so far as I can ascertain, was-killed, 1 captain, 3 non-commissioned officers and privates; wounded 2 officers, 4 non-commissioned officers and privates. Many others may have fallen victims to the enemy's missiles, but we not being able to hold the ground we took, I could not learn anything of the number.

W. H. PERRY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 621.

Report of Major William A. Taylor, Twenty-fourth Texas Cavalry, Commanding Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Texas Cavalry (dismounted), of operations July 20-22.
HDQRS. 24TH AND 25TH REGTS. TEXAS CAV. (DISMOUNTED),Near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Regiments Texas Cavalry (dismounted, consolidated), in the engagements near Atlanta, on 20th, 21st, and 22nd of July, 1864:

On the afternoon of the 20th instant the above regiments, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Neyland, of the Twenty-fifth Texas (since wounded), occupied the left of Smith's (Texas) brigade, with no support upon its left. Soon after, it was ordered forward in line of battle, passing over two lines of battle, and was then halted in rear of a line of battle occupying the crest of a ridge immediately in front, and so remained until sundown. It was then moved by the right flank southeast of Atlanta, and bivouacked until 2.30 a. m. on the 21st instant, when the brigade was again formed and marched to a position occupied by the cavalry on the right of the army. This regiment was then ordered from the left to the right of the brigade, the left of the cavalry resting upon its right. About 10 a. m. a lieutenant-colonel of a cavalry regiment immediately upon the right came running along the line, saying: "Leave here; you will all be captured; the cavalry has given way and the enemy is surrounding you," or words to that effect. The skirmishers in my front, nor those immediately in front of the cavalry regiment on my right, had not yet reached the breast-works, but were only about twenty paces in front, coming on. The cavalry regiment immediately on my right fired a volley into them, and commenced running from the breast-works in confusion. The enemy having driven the cavalry from the line still farther to the right and succeeded in getting to the near of our line of battle, [by order of] Lieutenant-Colonel Neyland, in command of the regiment, I immediately started to inform Brig-

