
adier-General Smith of what was occurring upon the right. Not finding him, and seeing the regiment falling back, I hastened to assist Lieutenant-Colonel Neyland in rallying that portion upon the right which had fallen back under an order from him (to meet the enemy, who had already crossed the breast-works immediately upon its right and were then in the rear of it), preparatory to a charge, which was gallantly made, driving the enemy out of and over the breast-works from which they had driven the cavalry for over 200 yards. Owing to the largely superior force of the enemy (reported by prisoners as being 900 strong, while those who eft the trenches and in the charge was less than 100, including very few cavalry), we were again forced to fall back. Again the regiment was rallied, and drove them out of a large portion of the works, but, still being unsupported, were obliged to fall back again. Lieutenant-Colonel Neyland at this time was severely wounded in the thigh. Twice he had gallantly rallied the regiment and led them in the charge. Nothing daunted, I again rallied the brave little band, now considerably reduced, and charged them the third time, again driving them from the works, and succeeded in holding over 200 yards of the breast-works originally held by the cavalry with a thin line of skirmishers until re-enforced by two regiments from Generals Lowray's and Govan's brigades.

Our loss in this engagement was-killed, 9; wounded, 25; captured, 9.

On the morning of the 22nd instant this regiment took position upon the left of the brigade, and, after marching some distance, it was formed in line of battle, its left resting upon the right of General Govan's brigade, with orders to conform to the movements of that brigade. The country in front was broken and covered with very thick undergrowth, which made it difficult to march in line of battle with any regularity. After marching some distance, Govan's brigade became engaged with the enemy, and from the shouting I was led to believe he was driving the enemy in his front. Nothing could be seen in his front for the undergrowth. We still continued to advance for several hundred yards before meeting the enemy, crossing a very boggy marsh, fringed with thick bushes, which scattered the lines very much, entirely separating us from Govan's brigade upon the left. A short distance from this we came upon an outer line of the enemy's breast-works; drove him from them without difficulty, passing over a number of cannon, caissons, two wagons leaded with tools, and a second line of breast-works, capturing a large number of prisoners. The regiment, now almost become a line of skirmishers, still continued forward, passing over a small stream and deep ravine close to and under the breast-works of the enemy, which was their third line, capturing the battle and State flags of the Third Iowa Infantry. A portion of the regiment reached the beast-works and found the enemy leaving with their artillery; but finding but few men at their works, and not supported on the right or left for a long distance, they rallied, and reoccupied their works, our men falling back. I ordered my men to occupy the second line of breast-works captured, and to hold them as long as possible. Very soon other portions of the brigade formed on the right. Brigadier-General Smith, commanding brigade, coming up soon after, ordered the line to be held, but in a few moments after was wounded and assisted from the field. Orders were then given by the next senior officer to fall back; that the brigade was not sup-

48 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

