
Numbers 623.

Report of Colonel Charles H. Olmstead, First Volunteer Georgia Infantry, commanding Mercer's brigade, of operations August 2-September 1.
HEADQUARTERS MERCER'S BRIGADE,In the Field, September 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 2nd of August I returned to duty from the hospital, and by order of General Cleburne assumed command of the brigade, then in position on the right of the lines about Atlanta. August 3, moved from the trenches to give place for the militia, and marched two or three miles to the left, taking position in reserve, where we remained quietly until August 6. Marched still farther to the left, halting for the night at the Baugh house, on the Campbellton road. At daylight on the following morning took position on main line and intrenched. Nothing of importance took place here except slight skirmishing on the picket-line. On the morning of the 29th discovered that the enemy had disappeared entirely from our front. At 3.30 p. m. marched to the left, near East Point. August 30, moved at daylight, still going to the left. Halted at 8 o'clock and commenced to fortify. At 9 p. m. took up line of march for Jonesborough. On the road all night, reaching the village in the early morning.

For the operations of the brigade on August 31 and September 1 I beg to refer you to inclosed report, marked A. Inclosed also is a list of casualties in brigade from July 20 to September 1, inclusive, marked B. The reports of operations from July 20 to the date on which I assumed command are being made out by the proper officer, and shall be forwarded as soon as completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. OLMSTEAD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. K. DIXON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS MERCER'S BRIGADE,In the Field, September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the engagements of August 31 and September 1:

On the morning of the 31st, after a fatiguing night's march, I received orders to place the brigade in line of battle, Lowrey's brigade being upon our left, and Finley's brigade, of Brown's division, on our right. We remained in this position until between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when the order to advance was given, and the line pressed forward, taking the direction from the left. At first the advance was slow and steady, but on coming in sight of the first position of the enemy, the men could not be restrained and rushed on at the double-quick. The resistance of the enemy was exceedingly slight, and without difficulty we carried his first position and a second line not far behind it. Neither of these lines were very formidable. They were apparently only temporary works.

