HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, OFFICE CHIEF OF STAFF,August 2, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: The papers of Colonels Olmstead and Berkeley, presenting a question of rank, have been forwarded to Richmond. In the mean time, to prevent confusion, Colonel Olmstead will be regarded as the senior. This is thought to be in accordance with the merits of the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 625.

Reports of Lieutenant General John B. Hood, C. S. Army, commanding corps, of operations May 7-July 17.

JUNE 22, 1864-9.50 p. m.

GENERAL: The hour is so late, having been detained in arranging my troops, that I will not ride up to-night unless particularly desired. Will ride up in the morning. I have the honor to report that General Ferguson's cavalry being driven back to-day while establishing my line, I was attacked. I moved forward and drove the enemy back, taking one entire line of his breast works and a portion of his second on the right. Colonel Walker, of Third Tennessee, was killed, and Colonel Cook, commanding Brown's brigade, severely wounded. General Stevenson's division was mainly engaged; Hindman's slightly. Few prisoners captured belonging to Hooke'rs and Schofield's corps. The pursuit was stopped because of encountering an enfilading fire from a bald hill in front of Hardee of sixteen pieces. After burying the dead and taking off the wounded have assembled my troops near Mount Zion Church, with my right in the neighborhood of Hardee's left. I learn that two or three other field officers were wounded, but have not been furnished with their names.

Respectfully,

J. B. HOOD,

Lieutenant-General.

General MACKALL.
HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CAVALRY,In the Field, ---- --, 1864.

GENERAL: Agreeably to the directions of the general commanding, I have the honor to herewith submit the operations of the troops of my command since May 7.

On that day Major-General Stewart, with his division, took position at Mill Creek Gap, in Rocky Face Mountain, three miles northeast [northwest?] of Dalton, the enemy appearing in his immediate front. In the afternoon Major-General Bate, with his division, reported to me and was placed in position on the left of Stewart and west of railroad. On the 8th Major-General Cheatham, with his division, reported to me, one brigade of which was placed in position on the right of Stewart and along the crest of Rocky Face. On the right

