
attempt to break their lines was gallantly repulsed. About 10 o'clock at night Brigadier-General Granbury, with his brigade of Texans, made a dashing charge on the enemy, driving them from the field, their killed and wounded being left in our hands. During this engagement 200 or 300 prisoners were captured, all belonging to Howard's corps.

After the engagements around New Hope Church nothing of very great importance transpired while occupying that line. The army changed position to Lost Mountain, my corps in the center; afterward I moved to the right, near Kenesaw Mountain; subsequently changed position to the extreme left of the army. However, nothing of importance occurred on my line while in this position, save that on the 22nd of June the divisions of Stevenson and Hindman attacked the enemy, driving him from two lines of works and capturing some prisoners belonging to Schofield and Hooker. From here the army changed position to vicinity of Nickajack Creek, my corps on the left. We subsequently withdraw from this position and took up a line on the immediate north bank of the Chattahoochee River. After remaining here for several days the army crossed the river and went into bivouac. For further particulars I refer you to reports of generals of divisions.

I inclose Major-General Cleburne's report,* and will forward others as soon as received,

Respectfully,

J. B. HOOD,

Lieutenant-General.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Macon, Ga.

Numbers 626.

Report of Lieutenant General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding corps (formerly Hood's), of operations July 27-September 19.

COLUMBUS, MISS., January 30, 1865.

COLONEL: Owing to my temporary absence from the army and to the movement of troops, it would be impracticable to procure detailed reports from my subordinate officers, and I cannot, therefore, make a full report of the operations of my command during the recent campaign, but deem it proper to offer this, until one more complete may be substituted:

I assumed command of Hood's old corps, consisting of Stevenson's Clayton's, and Hindman's divisions (the latter commanded by Brigadier General John C. Brown), on July 27, 1864. The army was then in position and intrenched around Atlanta, daily shifting its position to meet the flank movements of the enemy. On the 27th Hindman's and Calyton's divisions were withdrawn from the trenches and massed on the Lick Skilled road. On the 28th, about 11 a. m., I received orders to move out on the Lick Skilled road and check the enemy, who was then moving to our left, as it was desirable to hold that road, to be used for a contemplated movement. I soon found

---------------

*See p. 724.

---------------

