
The enemy being behind works, and apparently no impression having been made him by the attack on my left, where his line was supposed to be weakest, and Brigadier-General Ross, commanding a cavalry brigade on my immediate right, having reported the enemy moving to my right, I was induced not to renew the attack.

During the night of the 31st, about 1 p. m., I received an order from Lieutenant-General Hardee to march at once to Atlanta. My corps was at once put in motion, and was halted by Major General M. L. Smith, chief engineer of the army, about six miles from Atlanta, and there put in position to cover the evacuation of the city.

On the morning of September 1 I was ordered to move my command toward Lovejoy's Station, which place I reached on the 3d. The army remained at Lovejoy's till September 18, when it commenced moving toward Palmetto Station, on the West Point and Atlanta Railroad, where it arrived on the 19th.

Not having received the reports of my division commanders, it is impossible to notice those officers and commands deserving especial mention. It is my purpose to refer to their gallant deeds in a subsequent of my division commanders-Major-Generals Stevenson, Clayton, and Brown, and afterward Patton Anderson, commanding Hindman's old division. They always displayed great gallantry and zeal in time of battle. I regret to state that Major-General Patton Anderson and Brigadier-General Cumming were severely wounded in the action of the 31st while nobly leading their troops upon the enemy's works, and their services were lost to us during the remainder of the campaign.

I take pleasure in making especial mention of the gallantry of Brigadier General (now Major General) John C. Brown during the engagement of the 28th on the Lick Skilled road, and of Major-Generals Stevenson and Clayton during the battle of Jonesborough on August 31.

The officers of my personal staff, as also of the corps staff, behaved at all times with gallantry, and were energetic in the discharge of their duties.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, Numbers 62. In the Field, August 7, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the officers and men of this corps the splendid conduct of a portion of Bate's division, particularly Tyler's brigade, in sustaining and repulsing on yesterday three assault of the enemy, in which his loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was from 800 to 1,000 men, 2 colors, and 300 or 400 stand small-arms, and all of his intrenching tools. Our loss was from 15 to 20 killed and wounded. Soldiers who fight with the coolness and determination that these men did will always be victorious over any reasonable number.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

