
sisting the numerous attacks upon them. In one of the charges of the enemy some of Deas' and Brantly's skirmishers allowed themselves to be bayoneted in the pits rather than be driven back. The skirmishers of Gibson's brigade on the 5th, and of Baker's on the 7th, permitted half of their number to be killed, wounded, and captured before the others would leave their position. These few instances of heroism out of many are mentioned with the hope that they may be imitated rather tan permit the enemy to approach our main line.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 627.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Brown, C. S. Army, commanding Hindman's division, of operations July 28 and 29.
HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S DIVISION,July 31, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as the part taken by this division in the action of the 28th of July in front of Atlanta:

On the afternoon of the 27th I moved from the position on the Augusta railroad, which I had fortified and held since the investment of the city, and marched to the left of Peach Tree street almost to the Marietta road, and was going into position near night-fall, when I received orders to march immediately to the Lick Skilled road, reaching which point after dark I was ordered into bivouacked, where I remained until 10 o'clock next morning (28th), when the lieutenant-general commanding corps gave me verbal orders to move with the utmost dispatch upon the Lick Skilled road until I reached the Poor-House, a mile in front of our line of entrancements, where I would find General Jackson's division of cavalry. I preceded the advance of my column, and arriving at the point indicated learned from General Jackson that his command was being rapidly pressed back to the road, and that his information indicated the enemy's infantry to be small. The lieutenant-general commanding arrived almost simultaneously with the head of the column, and directed me to form rapidly in rear of a commanding position in the road in advance of the Poor-House, so that my right might rest upon and at an angle of about forty-five degrees with the road, holding one brigade in reserve. I was directed to attack and drive the enemy to Ezra Church and hold that position. I formed, with Johnston's (formerly Deas') brigade on the right, Brantly's on the left, and Sharp's in the center, with Manigault in reserve, and instantly moved forward. The enemy's skirmishers were encountered at the road and his advance line a little beyond, moving rapidly to possess the road. It was routed and driven 500 or 600 yards and took refuge behind intrenchments. The woods were so dense that these works were not discovered until my line was upon them. In many places the works were carried, but the enemy re-enforced so rapidly and with such an immensely superior force, that my troops were driven with great slaughter from them. Brigadier-General Johnston in the first onset was severely wounded. Colonel Coltart, upon whom the command devolved, was in a few moments afterward also wounded, and Colonel

