
B. R. Hart, Twenty-second Alabama Regiment, the next in command, was wounded immediately after assuming command. The command then passed to Lieutenant Colonel H. T. Toulmin. At this juncture I relieved it with my supporting brigade, but behaving badly, its demoralization was so great it could not be made effective. My left brigade being outflanked was completed to retire, which made the withdrawal of the center indispensable. I succeeded in rallying a greater portion of the division on a ridge, when it again became necessary to charge the enemy, who, becoming emboldened by our failure to hold his works, was advancing upon us. The effort, as before, resulted in only partial success, and the enemy pouring fresh troops upon our front and flanks compelled us again to retire. After this we were content to rally and form line on the crest of the ridge between the Lick Skillet road and the enemy's position, so as to hold that road. Temporary defenses of rails, &amp;c., were constructed and the position held until the arrival of Stewart's corps, when we were relieved by Walthall's division and retired to the right and rear to support Clayton. About midnight we moved and took position on the prolongation of the defenses of Atlanta, about two miles west of the Lick Skilled road.

During the 29th we constructed a strong line of works, and in the evening of that day Major-General Anderson having arrived I turned the command over to him.

In the action Sharp's and Brantly's brigades acted with great gallantry. The major portion of Johnston's brigade behaved well. But justice to these commands which bore their parts so nobly compels me to state that the greater portion Manigault's brigade behaved badly.

We found the enemy in overwhelming number, and if additional evidence were wanting to prove the fact his own reports of his force show we were engaging four of his corps.

For details of the part performed by the several commands, I beg to refer to the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders, accompanying which will also be found lists of casualties.

I must be pardoned for bearing testimony to the conspicuous gallantry of Brigadier-Generals Brantly, Sharp, and Johnston, all of whom had received notice of their promotion a few moments before going into battle. Lieutenant Colonel H. T. Toulmin was no less gallant and efficient.

To the gentlemen [who] were with me as staff officers I am indebted for valuable services. All of them behaved with great gallantry.

I have the honor to be, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lee's Corps.

RECAPITULATION.

Brigades	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

Sharp's	 28	 168	 18	 214

Brantly's	 16	 87	 23	 126

Manigault's	 33	 139	 26	 198

Johnston's	 34	 189	 46	 269

Total	 111	 583	 113	 807

