
OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the signal detachment under my command, during the campaign now just ended with the fall of Atlanta:

On the 3rd of May I, with so much of my detachment as constituted the sub-detachments assigned to the Fifteenth Army Corps and to the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, the Seventeenth Corps not being present, marched with those corps from Huntsville, Ala., and vicinity for the scene of active operations then about toe commence in Northern Georgia. Marching by way of Bridgeport, Ala., and Chattanooga, Tenn., arrived at and passed through Snake Creek Gap, near Resaca, Ga., on the 9th. On that day the officers of my command were very active, established a station of observation, and reconnoitered the country on right and left, keeping well in advance. Lieutenant Sample, moving out with the skirmish line to gain at the earliest possible moment a prominent bald hill as a point of observation, had his horse shot under him, and, abandoning him, was one of the first to gain the hill. This hill, commanding a view of Resaca and the roads and fortifications of the enemy, was occupied throughout the day as a station of observation by Lieutenants Edge and Sample, who reported to Generals McPherson ad Logan the result of their operations. At night the army fell back to Snake Creek Gap, and on the following day I took the entire detachment, with the exception of Lieutenant Frerichs, who was placed in charge of an initial station, and went along the crest of Chattoogata Mountain, with a view to opening communication with Generals Sherman, Thomas, and Hooker, then in vicinity of Buzzard Roost and Tunnell Hill. We were unsuccessful this day, but on the following found a station on Johns' Mountain, occupied by one of the signal officers Department of the Cumberland, with which I opened from Chattoogata Mountain, placing Lieutenants Magner and Sherfy in charge of mountain station and Lieutenants McNary and frerichs in charge of station near General McPherson's headquarters. I reported communication open to tunnel Hill. This line was kept open until the Armies of the Cumberland and Ohio moved south through Snake Creek Gap and joined the Army of the Tennessee. On the 12th Captain McClintock established a station of observation on Chattoogata range, south of the gap, in communication by signal with a station in charge of Lieutenants Edge and Wilson at General Dodge's headquarters. From this station Captain McClintock reported movements of enemy's troops. On the 13th the army again advancing on Resaca, I established a station of observation on the right bank of the Oostenaula, from which I could see the enemy's position partially and their railroad and wagon road, together with all movements of his left. From this point I sent several communications of importance from time to time. I occupied this station alone until 3 p. m., when I was joined by Lieutenant Frerichs. On the 14th General Sweeny's division was sent to Lay's Ferry, four miles south of Resaca, to effect a crossing. Captain McClintock was sent, with Lieutenants McNary and wilson, to that point, to open communication back to General McPherson's headquarters, near Resaca. Placing Lieutenant Sample in charge of station near Resaca, Lieutenants

