
One on horseback, whom I took to be General Sharp, was particularly conspicuous. After having ridden along the line from Brantly's right, urging the officers and men to stand a little longer, when I had reached a point near Sharp's left I received a wound, which compelled me to leave the field, and which has resulted in my absence up to the present time. This occurred about 4.30 p .m.

Not having access at present to the reports of brigade commanders or of their subordinates, it is not in my power to state accurately the casualties in the division on this day at Jonesborough, though I am confident they will be found to exceed 500 in killed, wounded, and missing. Some idea of the severity of the engagement may be formed by comparing this list with the number carried into action, which, I am confident, did not greatly exceed 2,000. The same want of official reports, which prevents me from giving accurately the list of casualties in the division, also precludes me from embracing in this report the names of the many gallant officers who fell on the occasion. For these I must refer to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, where doubtless the names, conduct, and example of the dead are recorded in befitting terms.

A deep sense of the obligation I am personally under to the four brigade commanders above named, renders it no less my duty than a pleasure to express my thanks for their cheerful and cordial co-operation and assistance on all occasions, whether in the trenches, on the march, or upon the battle-field. To them and their subordinate commanders is due whether of spirit, discipline, and efficiency the division can boast. To the staff also, without exception, my thanks are due for that constant, intelligent, and efficient discharge of their respective duties which marked their conduct throughout the whole time of our official association. In the list of those who have thus performed well their parts are the names of Captain William G. Barth, assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant W. M. Davidson, aide-de-camp; Major Hill, acting division quartermaster; Captain J. P. Eggleston, chief commissary of subsistence for the division; Private Simon Mayer, acting assistant adjutant-general, and D. A. Kinchloe, chief surgeon of the division. To the latter, as well as to Assistant Surgeon Lundy, I am personally much indebted for attentive and skillful treatment on the field and elsewhere.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Lee's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 629.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harry T. Toulmin, Twenty-second Alabama Infantry, commanding Deas' brigade, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS DEAS' BRIGADE,In the Field, August 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the engagement of the 28th of July, near Atlanta, Ga.:

About 11 a. m. of that day the brigade, under the command of Brigadier General George D. Johnston, took position on the south side of

