
We mourn the loss of many brave spirits who that day gave up their lives in defense of their country's cause. Prominent among these was Colonel B. R. Hart, of the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment. It was in the first charge on the enemy's main line of works that he lost his life while gallantly leading his men and cheering them on by his heroic example. Here, too, Lieutenant J. t. Bruckner, of Fiftieth Alabama Regiment, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, fell while nobly doing his duty.

The thanks of the brigade commander are due Captain Robert Donnell and R. H. Williams, of the staff, who throughout the entire engagement performed their duties with great gallantry and efficiency.

The following is a list of casualties, &amp;c.:

Took into action-officers, 101; enlisted men, 1,042; aggregate, 1,143. Killed-officers, 8; enlisted men, 26. Wounded-officers, 16; enlisted men, 173. Missing-officer, 1; enlisted men, 45. Loss-officer, 25; enlisted men, 244; aggregate, 269.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. TOULMIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 630.

Report of Captain Isaac M. Whitney, Twenty-second Alabama Infantry, of operations July 28.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND ALABAMA REGIMENT,July 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the action of the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment in the engagement of the 28th instant, near Atlanta, Ga.:

The regiment, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, took position on the south side of the road leading from Atlanta to Alabama. It was then moved forward, and, advancing through an open field under a heavy fire from a stubborn line of the enemy's skirmishers, encountered his advanced line in position and protected by rails and earth-works. After engaging him only a few minutes a charge was ordered, which the men gallantly responded to, and resulted in driving the enemy back to his regular and strongly intrenched line of earth-works. Occupying the temporary works from which the enemy had just been driven, the regiment engaged him in his strongly intrenched position some forty or forty-five minutes, when we were again ordered to charge them, the ranks in the meanwhile having been so much depleted in the killed and wounded as to leave only a very light line. This order was again cheerfully and gallantly obeyed. The right of the regiment advanced through a thick copse of woods to within eight or ten paces of the works of the enemy; but his position was so very strong and his line so heavy, and, he taking advantage of the entirely exposed condition of our right flank, we were forced to retire to the road some 200 yards. At this point we halted and rectified the alignment, and again moved forward to the first line of works and engaged them some fifteen minutes. Our right flank in the meanwhile being still ex-

