
posed, we were subjected to a very heavy, destructive, and enfilading fire. We were then retired some forty or fifty yards to the crest of a hill, and there remained engaging the enemy about an hour, when a reserve line came up and relieved us. We were then ordered to the reserve line to replenish ammunition. We remained upon the reserve line until 1 o'clock that night, when we were moved to our present position.

It was in the second and desperate charge that our noble and brave Colonel B. R. Hart, while gallantly leading and cheering on his men, received the fatal missile that terminated his heroic life. Here, too, Ensign William R. Leary, who gallantly bore forward the colors of his regiment, fell with the fords covering his body. Here, too, Second Lieutenant Stackpoole fell at the head of his company.

The following are the casualties of the regiment:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Field and staff	 2	 1	 .......

Company officers	 1	 2	 .......

Enlisted men	 2	 32	 14

Total	 5	 35	 14

Grand total, 54.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. M. WHITNEY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain R. H. WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 631.

Report of Captain Napoleon B. Rouse, Twenty-fifth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 22 and 28.

IN THE FIELD, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the 22nd [July] the regiment with the brigade upon the front line advanced to the attack, with orders to keep the left flank within twenty paces of the railroad (Augusta), but owing to buildings, impassable fences, and slight curves of the road,when the regiment arrived at the breast-works of the picket reserve of the enemy the left was about 150 yards from the railroad. The works were carried at a heavy loss to the left wing of the regiment, as there were no troops between our left and the railroad, and the fire received being both from the front and oblique. Two elegant stand of colors and a large number of prisoners captured. The regiment continued the advance some distance farther and halted, reformed, and [was] placed in the second line with the balance of the brigade. If then advanced again and assisted in carrying the second line of works.

Carried into the fight, 273 men. Killed, wounded, and missing, 113, including 2 color-bearers.

