
On the 28th the regiment with the brigade having commenced the advance, after passing the road in its front and getting into the field beyond the road, was halted, lines rectified, and again moved forward. With the exception of the two left companies, the regiment had to advance through dense woods and undergrowth-almost an abatis by nature. It succeeded in getting within about fifty or sixty yards of the enemy's works, when the left commenced giving way, and a general giving way of the lines commenced in some confusion. The regiment was reformed with the brigade, taking part in all that the rest of the brigade was ordered to do.

Carried into the fight, 173 men. Killed, wounded, and missing, 23, including 2 color-bearers.

N. B. ROUSE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. H. WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 632.

Report of Captain Alexander J. Miller, Thirty-ninth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 22 and 28.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,August 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 22nd of July this regiment withdrew from our outer line of entrancements north of the Augusta railroad, and fell back to the works around Atlanta, immediately on the south side of the Augusta railroad, where we remained strengthening the works until about 3 o'clock, when we were ordered forward. This regiment was formed on the left of Walthall's old brigade (now Brantly's) and i rear of the brigade to which it properly belongs. On the advance we kept some 100 yards in rear of the first line, our left resting on the line of the railroad and dressing to the left. After the line in our front (Deas' brigade) had driven the pickets of the enemy, and had approached to within 350 or 400 yards of their main line of breastworks, they were halted, and we became the front line, and advanced rapidly up to forty or fifty yards of the works, when the enemy opened upon us with a most destructive fire of small-arms and artillery, which checked our farther progress. We remained here lying down for about ten minutes, when the order to retreat came down the lines from the right. After falling back some 400 yards the regiment separated from the brigade of General Brantly, and with eight officers and about fifty men rejoined our own brigade, when we were again ordered forward and some 300 yards farther to the right, and succeeded in driving the enemy from their works, which we held about fifteen minutes, until it was ascertained that the enemy were moving a heavy column by our right flank, which was entirely unprotected, for the purpose of cutting us off. The order was then given to retreat, when, after falling back some distance under a very heavy fire of artillery from the front and both flanks, further orders were received to form at our original position on the south of the railroad. During the engagement the regiment suffered severely in killed

