
and wounded, and among the number were 1 valuable officer killed and 6 severely wounded. Of those severely wounded was the commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Clifton, which devolved the command of the regiment upon Captain T. J. Brannon, who led the regiment in the second charge.

On the evening of the 27th of July we evacuated our position on the Augusta railroad and marched out on the north side of the Macon and Western Railroad, where we camped for the night. On the morning of the 28th of July we proceeded some two miles and a half on the --- dirt road, where we halted and formed in line of battle, our brigade being in the front line. The order was then given to forward, when, after going about 350 yards, we were halted and the lines reformed. We then charged forward through and old field, over a fence at the edge of the woods, and up to within eighty yards of the enemy's line,where we were checked and finally driven back, the line giving way from the right. After falling back to our original skirmish line, we were checked and finally driven back, the line, we were reformed and again went forward to the position which had been occupied by the enemy's skirmishers, where we remained some half hour, and then retired beyond the crest of the hill. After remaining here along while, we moved out by the right flank to the rear, down the main road for abut a mile and a half, where we finally stacked arms and camped until 1 o'clock that night.

The regiment in this engagement lost quite heavily, though the proportion of killed and wounded was not so great to the number engaged as on the 22nd of July. Captain T. J. Brannon, who has since become sick, was in command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. J. MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-ninth Alabama Regiment.

Captain R. H. WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 633.

Report of Captain Archibald D. Ray, Fiftieth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTIETH ALABAMA REGIMENT,In the Field, July 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the regiment in the engagement on the 28th, so far as came under my observation (I was not in command of the regiment at the commencement of the engagement, nor did not assume command until all my senior officers were wounded):

We left near Atlanta about 10 o'clock; marched three miles, when we came in front of the enemy's lines; formed line of battle and advanced on the enemy. Immediately after commanding the advance Colonel Coltart was wounded, but remained with us until we charged them in their breast-works, the officers and men acting most gallantly. The enemy being in strong force and intrenched, we were forced to fall back. During the time General Johnston was wounded, and Colonel Coltart was in command of the brigade and Captain

