
Arnold in command of the regiment. We then formed and advanced and charged their works the second time. A portion of the regiment came in possession of the ditches for a short time, but was forced to fall back. During the second advance Captain Arnold was severely wounded. We fell back to the rear and formed the regiment the second time, about 4 p. m., when I took command of the regiment. We then remained on the battle-field until 2 a. m., when we were ordered to fall back to the breast-works.

During the engagement the officers and men under my observation acted gallantly and did their duty.

Our loss 6 killed, 33 wounded, and 8 missing.*

A. D. RAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 634.

Report of Brigadier General Arthur M. Manigault, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS MANIGAULT'S BRIGADE, ANDERSON'S DIVISION, LEE'S CORPS,Near Atlanta, August 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: This brigade, together with the others of the division, known as Hindman's, and at the time under the command of Brigadier General J. C. Brown, moved at about 12 m. on the 27th of July, from the position it had occupied for some time previous in the trenches around atlanta, and bivouacked that night, after marching to several points just within the breast-works, on the Lick Skillet road. On the following morning, at about 10.30, we received orders to march left in front, and bringing up the rear of the division, moved out on said road. When within a short distance of the Poor-House the division was placed in line of battle on the left of the road and nearly perpendicular to it, this brigade being placed in reserve and formed in rear of the center of the line, with orders to be in readiness to move to any point where our services might be needed. At about 12.30 p. m. were ordered to move to the front to the assistance of General Sharp, whose brigade was heavily engaged. The advance was ordered. Dressing to the left on the thirty-fourth Alabama, Major Soughter, and on their right the following-named regiments, composing the brigade, in the order enumerated, completed the line: Twenty-eighth Alabama, Lieutenant-Colonel Butler; Twenty-fourth Alabama, Captain S. H. Oliver; Nineteenth South Carolina, Captain Getzen; Tenth south Carolina, Lieutenant Colonel C. Irvin Walker. The brigade advanced through a dense wood, then through an open wood, and halted for a minute or two to correct the alignment, its from there covered by a skirt of wood, beyond which was another open field, on the edge of which was a deep ravine, and a steep and high wooded ridge rising beyond this. On the slope of the ridge the enemy were posted, but in what force I believe was not known at the time.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 2 officers and 4 men killed, 4 officers and 29 men wounded, and 8 men missing.

---------------

