
about three-quarters of a mile, when the command was given "about face," and moved back in the rear of the brigade that relieved us, forming the second line, as I understood, where we bivouacked for the night.

The officers and men acted very well, moving forward at the command.

The regiment went into action with and aggregate of

-----

men. The loss was 2 killed, 14 wounded, and 4 missing.

Lieutenant Andrew Young, of Company A, was wounded while leading his men to the charge. Lieutenant Barbour, of Company F, was wounded near the enemy's works, while leading his men to the charge, and fell into the hands of the enemy.

Having given the general outlines of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment, I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. OLIVER,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE B. ENHOLM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 636.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William L. Butler, Twenty-eighth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 28.

LIEUTENANT: On the morning of July 28 the regiment marched to the front with the brigade and formed in line of battle, supporting Deas' brigade. About 11 a. m. we were ordered to advance to the attack of a hill our immediate front, from which our men had just been repulsed. We moved forward steadily, preserving a good line under a heavy fire of musketry, until we arrived within some thirty yards of the breast-works of the enemy. Here the men lay down, sustaining the enemy's fire about five minutes, when the right and left giving way we were forced to retire some 300 yards and reformed under cover of a hill. The line was again ordered forward. This time we advanced only about 150 yards to the edge of a wood fronting the enemy's line. Here we met such a determined fire from them that we were again forced back, and retired to a road some 100 yards or more in the rear. Again rallying the regiment, we remained in this position until about 3 p. m., when we were ordered to deploy in the rear of the division for the purpose of arresting stragglers. This duty was performed, and about dark the regiment received orders to rejoin the brigade. The loss of the regiment in this action was: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 4. Enlisted men-killed, 2; wounded, 20; missing, 2. Total-killed 4; wounded, 24; missing, 2.

Very respectfully,

W. L. BUTLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant G. B. ENHOLM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

