
Having rested the exhausted men a short time and learned that the brigade had moved to the right, I immediately moved up and joined the brigade. The rest of the day conformed to the movements of the brigade.

Our loss in this engagement was 69 killed, wounded, and missing.

The regiment behaved admirably, and advancing with promptness, and not falling back at any time without orders, and rallying readily at the command. We labored under great difficulties. The regiment was nearly without water, not having time to fill their canteens before going into action. They had marched two or three miles without resting. They marched at a rapid pace during the time of the whole of its movements previous to coming into action, and then the great sultriness of the day, all conspired against their strength and vigor for the last effort, and after their first charge the officers and men were entirely exhausted. In this, as in most other engagements, the regiments has suffered from rapid movements just before going under fire.

In this engagement but few failed to do their whole duty, and, as in previous engagements, it is hard to make distinctions where there was such universal good conduct on the part of both offices and men. Captain Welch behaved with his usual gallantry and coolness. Sergeant-Major Tinsley behaved with great gallantry, and, unfortunately, fell near the enemy's works. A young man of splendid mind, finished education, and heroic courage, his loss fills the regiment with gloom. The service has lost one of its braves and most efficient non-commissioned officers, and society one of its brightest ornaments. Sergeant Wright, Company A, behaved with distinguished gallantry, advancing in front of his company cheering on the men to the charge. Lieutenants Bickerstaff and Craig distinguished themselves. The former lost an arm and the latter a leg. Captain Rix conducted himself with his usual decision and coolness, and though in quite feeble health, distinguished himself for his gallantry and good conduct.

The regiment has conducted itself so well on all occasions and under all emergencies that it has only to be known that it was engaged to know that it has done well. It has been my privilege to be in all its general engagements, and to lead it in four out of five of these as an inferior officer. By the force of law and circumstances beyond my control, it is possible I man never lead it again. Having shared all its dangers in the battle-field, and most of its privations in the camp and on the march, I respectfully ask to be indulged in this probably my last official report, in giving it its just meed of honor and do justice to its merits. It has been faithful in the discharge of every duty; never has broken and fallen back in single battle, except by order, or when it support right or left has fallen back and left it to galling fire. On picket it has drawn froth the admiration of all for its coolness and determination and intelligent appreciation and use of circumstances to damage the enemy. On provost guard it made the highest character for the honesty, soberness, and steadiness of the men and officers. Captain Peden gave it the character of being the best he ever saw, and labored hardened faithfully to have it detailed for that purpose. It has been my distinguished privilege to be with it and to command most of the time when it was obtaining this enviable character in the field and on provost duty, and to share with it its well-merited and hard-earned honor and reputation. To whomsoever's lot it may fall to fill the

