
place it has been my high honor to occupy. I hope and pray that he may find them as faithful and gallant as they have been under my administration.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. N. SLAUGHTER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant ENHOLM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 638.

Reports of Captain Elijah W. Horne, Nineteenth South Carolina Infantry, of operations July 22 and 28.

NINETEENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,

In the Field, July 31, 1864.

GENERAL: At about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of July 22, 1864, much firing having been heard for about two hours in the direction of General Hardee's corps, as if his troops were engaged, this regiment, simultaneously with your brigade, was ordered forward from the breast-works east of Atlanta at the Georgia Railroad. The Tenth South Carolina Regiment was on its right, the Twenty-fourth and Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiments on its left, the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment being then in front on picket. The regiment advanced over rough ground, hills, narrow swamps, and thick forest, about 1,200 or 1,400 yards, when it was halted and dressed with the brigade, which had become somewhat scattered by the distance marched over the impediments mentioned. There, within about 300 yards of the works of the enemy, it rested about five minutes and was ordered forward. It advanced up a gentle acclivity in good order under a fire becoming more severe, from infantry and artillery, as it advanced, until within about 100 yards of the works of the enemy, by which time the firing on its part became general and the advance slow. Soon it began to oblique to the left, and found partial protection behind a large building, near where the works cross the railroad, known as the white house. Captain Horne, who was acting second in command with the regiment, got some men over the baluster to fire from the windows of the house. Then getting in and passing to the front, he saw many of the enemy leaving their works. He informed the men in rear of the house of what the enemy were doing, and soon the men were leaping over the works and capturing prisoners. Then, mingling with men of other regiments, they passed about 150 yards left along the works, on the enemy's side of them, to the brick house, where they captured other prisoners. Major James L. White, who was in command of the regiment, acted well his part. Now the regiment, having been assembled on the right in front of the white house, is marched a short distance to the rear and thrown into line by the white house, the line being at a right angle with the works and facing to the left. About the time the brigade had formed on this line on which it was halted to dress and rest in advancing. Being ordered forward, the regiment now advanced, and under heavy enfilade fire from cannon on its left, and reoccupied

