
the works. Then it was moved to the left and occupied the trench left of the brick house, Major White still in command; and now a few yards left of the house, the enfilade still very severe. Here Major White was severely wounded and carried off the field, when the command devolved on Captain E. W. Horne.

Soon he found that the brigade, except the portion with him had moved to the rear, and being satisfied that it had been ordered to do so, ordered his men to retreat. At about 300 yards in the rear he joined General Manigault, who was assembling his brigade; halted the regiment there and rested; then moved back half a mile; halted and rested until nearly dark; then returned to breast-works, and the regiment occupied the position from which the advance was made.

A report of casualties was ordered, which resulted as follows: Officers-killed, 3; wounded, 2; missing, 1. Men-killed, 9; wounded, 58; missing, 24. Total-killed, 12; wounded, 60; missing, 25.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. HORNE,

Captain, Commanding.

General A. M. MANIGAULT,

Manigault's Brigade, Army of Tennessee.

NINETEENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,

In the Field, August 1, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 28th day of July, 1864, this regiment, with the brigade to which it belongs, was moved from a position near the inner works west of Atlanta, along the --- road to a point outside the second works and near the Poor-House, where it was filed to the left 200 or 300 yards, where it was halted, dressed, and rested for awhile. Some infantry firing was heard in front and our line was shelled occasionally while here. Soon being informed that General Tucker's line was in front of us, we were ordered forward, Captain T. W. Getzen being in command of the regiment and Captain E. W. Horne second in command. The regiment advanced (considerable firing being heard in front) through a piece of forest and into an old field, where it was halted; line rectified and advanced; then passed into a skirt of forest and soon began to engage the enemy, the line that was in our front having been previously repulsed. Advanced (firing becoming more severe) through a narrow, old field and a short distance into a thick forest beyond, where the regiment remained engaged for considerable time, and, exposed to cross-fire (from the fact that the regiment on its right did not cross the last old field); it retired. Reformed the regiment, advanced again from the point where it was halted to dress in the first advanced again from the point where it was halted to dress in the first advance, but became engaged and did not again reach the point to which it at first advanced. Repulsed; it was again formed. Captain Getzen having retired with a wound, the command devolved on Captain Horne. Again it advanced with but little success, and retired a short distance. Here a fresh line came up, and it was ordered to the rear and formed with the brigade at the point where it was halted to dress in the first advance. While it was resting here Captain Horne was slightly wounded, and Adjt. James O. Ferrell, who, I should have stated, acted with much gallantry during the engagement, reported to General Manigault that all his captains were now wounded or killed, and the general ordered the adjutant himself to take command of the regiment.

