
Rested; moved back to the outer breast-works; moved back to a point near where the first advance commenced; moved a little to the left; advanced toward the enemy, and after other unimportant moves, rested and made a report of casualties. Rested about three hours and moved inside the outer breast-works by the road by which we went out. Moved left on the prolongation of that line; halted and commenced intrenching.

Report of casualties for the day: Officers-killed, 2; wounded, 7. Men-killed, 7; wounded, 27; missing, 8. Total-killed, 9; wounded, 34; missing, 8.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. HORNE,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General A. M. MANIGAULT,

Manigault's Brigade, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 639.

Report of Brigadier General Jacob H. Sharp, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS TUCKER'S BRIGADE,In the Field, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the action of this command during the engagement July 28 to the west of Atlanta:

On the 27th of July this brigade-consisting of the Ninth Mississippi Battalion Sharpshooters, Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, Forty-first, and Forty-fourth Mississippi Regiments-was ordered to move from the position it had occupied in the trenches to the east of Atlanta, and bivouacked that night in the suburbs west of the town.

During the morning of the 28th we were hurried out along the ---- road a distance of three miles to check the enemy, who was attempting to cross that road. As we arrived near the position to be contested the enemy had already engaged our cavalry.

The enemy being reported in possession of the road, the head of my column was oblique into the woods on the left and my line formed with the right resting near the road. The battalion of sharpshooters being too much reduced by casualties during the campaign to cover the front of the brigade, one company from the Tenth and another from the Forty-first Regiments were detached to co-operate with them, and deployed 200 yards in advance of the lines. About 11 a. m. I was ordered to move forward and engage the enemy and drive him from his position. The brigade moved forward in handsome style, the skirmishers driving the enemy's skirmishers and forcing a section of artillery posted on the line to retire. After advancing a short distance we entered an open field, where the command was halted and reformed. Deas' brigade was on my right and Walthall's on the left. We moved forward across the field under fire and descended a hill, where we entered the woods and commenced the ascent of the hill upon which the enemy were posted. The distance we moved under fire was 800 yards. I soon found that my right was unable to carry the enemy's position. This was because the enemy's line was so formed that he had an oblique fire along my right. I hastened to

