
Reaching Kingston early on the 19th, remained there in camp until the morning of the 23d, during which time a thorough inspection of signal equipments, glasses, stores, &amp;c., was held, and everything was placed in the best condition that our means would permit of. From Kingston Lieutenant Frerichs was, after some correspondence between myself and Captain Van Duzer, assistant superintendent, U. S. military telegraph, ordered by the latter officer to Huntsville, Ala., t turn over the field trains for which he was accountable. On the 23rd the army marched, crossing the Etowah River west of Kingston. During the march the officers of the detachment were generally in the advance, with the cavalry, in readiness to report by courier any discoveries that would affect the movement of the column. On the 25th the army reached Pumpkin Vine Church, and on the 26th entered Dallas, just outside of which place the enemy were met in force. Stations of observation were established by Lieutenants Edge, Sample, and Magner. On the 27th I placed Lieutenants Wilson and Sherfy in charge of an initial station which I had selected, and proceeded about three miles in a northeast direction to General Sherman's headquarters, with a view to opening communication by signals; found this line impracticable, but on the following day selected a new initial station, and, proceeding to General Hooker's headquarters, selected a station from which communication could be had. Notified General Hooker's signal officers that they could communicate with General McPherson through it, and they at once occupied it. This lie was kept open during the occupation of Dallas and vicinity by the Army of the Tennessee.

On the 1st of June stations at Dallas were abandoned, and the detachment moved with the army about two miles to the north and east. At this point Lieutenants Edge and Sample were placed in charge of a station of observation in view of a rebel signal station, relieving Lieutenant Hopkins, acting signal officer with the Twentieth Army Corps. This station was occupied until the 5th, the officers deciphering all the enemy's messages sent therefrom and reporting from time to time the movements of the enemy in their front. The other officers of the detachment were, during the five days that the army remained at this point, generally unemployed, after satisfying themselves that lines of communication were impracticable, in consequence of the heavy timber. At this point Lieutenants Sampson and Ware reported from Huntsville, with the officers just detailed, and instructed Lieutenants Worley, Allen, Weirick, Fish, and Shellabarger, and the 100 enlisted men sent from Washington. The officers and men were at once assigned to the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps, and with their men placed in readiness for duty. On the 5th, the enemy having evacuated their works during the night, the army moved toward Acworth, marching as far as Burnt Church. On the 6th we entered Acworth, where we remained until the morning of the 10th. While at Acworth stations of observation were established, one a mile south of the road on the Big Shanty road, by Lieutenant Sample, and one on the church in town. The latter also served as a communicating station in communication with one on the Allatoona Mountain worked by signal officers Army of the Cumberland, and communicating thence to General Stoneman on the left and General Thomas on the right. This station was worked by Lieutenants Worley and Allen. At Acworth Lieutenants Conard, Dunlap, and Stickney, constituting the sub-detachment with Seventeenth Corps, reported, having marched with the Seventeenth Army Corps from

