
the left of the brigade to move the Forty-first Regiment around to the support of the right, but found it so scattered that it was impossible to handle it as on organization. The fire on the right was too severe to be withstood. The Forty-fourth, [which] was on the extreme right, had lost within two of half its entire numbers, while the gallant Tenth, on its left, had been almost as severely punished, besides losing 5 color-bearers. These two gallant regiments, never known to falter when the order was to forward, were forced to retire. The other regiments of the brigade were advancing steadily, when they were forced to retire because the right had been repulsed. The Forty-first and Ninth, on the left, had driven the enemy from his position with but little loss. The brigade was then retired and reformed, when we were again moved forward. This assault terminated as the first. The left advanced until it was fired into obliquely from the right, while the right was unable to advance even as far as in the first assault. Walthall's division was then advanced, and we were ordered to retire. We were not again moved against the enemy.

For further details I have the honor to refer to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders.

My entire loss during the engagement was 214 killed, wounded, and missing. The number engaged (officers and men) was 1,020. We have to report may of our most valuable officers killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. H. SHARP,

Brigadier-General.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 640.

Report of Colonel William H. Bishop, Seventh Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,In the Field, July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: On the 28th instant when we first moved on the enemy I met with a little or no resistance on my front until after we crossed the Lick Skillet road and passed through the open field in front of it. Here, advancing rapidly along the lane running to the front and at right angles to the Lick Skillet road, we reached some houses nearly half a mile in advance of that road. At this point we were considerably in advance of the right of the line when it gave way and fell back. As the enemy had given rapidly back on my front, and all the firing this time came from the direction of the hill on my right, I formed my line along the lane so as to connect with that portion of the line on my immediate right, which had fallen back to the lane. Here I remained until the brigade was ordered to form on the Lick Skillet road.

The second time was advanced my left rested on the lane previously mentioned. We succeeded in passing through the field on the right of the lane nearly to the woods on the crest of the hill on our front under a heavy fire from the enemy on the hill on our right. The

