
enemy in our immediate front were formed behind a rail fence in the edge of the woods. We endeavored to drive them from their position, but the line had by this time become too much weakened to do so.

As the enfilade fire from our right had now become too severe to remain in that exposed position, we were compelled to fall back toward the left, again changing front to the right along the lane. Here we remained until ordered to retire.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. BISHOP,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major W. C. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 641.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Johns, Seventh Mississippi Infantry, commanding Ninth Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 28.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,In the Field, July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th instant, about 12 m., my regiment was formed in its proper place in the line, and soon after advanced through a dense wood to an old field, where the line was halted for a few minutes to reform. I had received the order that when I moved to continue the advance until I should find the enemy, when I should engage and drive him. A few minutes thereafter the order was received to advance, when the regiment moved forward across a ridge through a corn-field, a distance of half a mile, where a dense undergrowth was encountered, through which the troops moved about 400 yards, where the enemy were found posted behind a small clearing about 150 yards across. The enemy occupied some temporary works and houses. The regiment immediately charged across this open space and drove the enemy, killing and wounding several, and capturing 5 prisoners. A few of the enemy held the ground stubbornly and fought had to hand.

While pressing through the woods between the two fields before alluded to, the Seventh Mississippi Regiment, which was on my right, fell back, thus causing an opening in the line, which was never closed until the brigade retired. After the enemy was driven from his position in my front he took advantage of this opening and pressed forward, with the evident intention of cutting off that portion of the line to the left. At the same time I understood that there was an order to fall back. As the woods were so thick that it was impossible to see anything to my right, I retired to the corn-field, where the regiment was reformed. Here I received an order to retire across the field to the road, where we rested for a short time. Again, in obedience to orders, the regiment promptly advanced across the field as at first, but upon reaching the woods changed direction to the right to the field, where the line was again reformed, and then fell back under orders to the road. Some marching and counter marching was done during the remainder of the evening, but the regiment did not again engage the enemy.

