
I regret to report the death of Captain George W. Braden, Company I. He was a most valuable officer, and the loss to his company and regiment is irreparable. He was struck by a ball near the cheekbone and died almost instantly. Private Cyrus H. Johnston, Company C, well known in the commissary department, voluntarily shouldered his rifle and went into the fight. While bravely discharging his duty a ball struck the point of his shoulder and entered the body, causing death in a few minutes. Captain Holahan, of Company B; Lieutenant Cox, of Company F, and Lieutenant Barnes, of Company G, were painfully wounded. For the names of the other wounded I refer to the accompanying list of casualties.*

Respectfully,

B. F. JOHNS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 642.

Report of Colonel J. Byrd Williams, Forty-first Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 28.

FORTY-FIRST MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,

July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, requiring regimental commanders to make out a report of the part taken by their commands in the engagement of the 28th instant, I respectfully submit the following:

On the morning of the 28th of July, 1864, the Forty-first Mississippi Regiment, with the brigade, was formed in line of battle in front of the enemy near Atlanta, Ga. Orders were then given to move forward, engage and drive the enemy, which orders was promptly obeyed. After having advanced about half a mile we found the enemy behind a works thrown up hastily of rails and logs. We charged and drove him in great confusion from his position, capturing 9 prisoners, 3 of whom were wounded. Seeing that the Forty-first Mississippi Regiments had been made by some cause, entirely cutting my regiment and the Ninth Mississippi off from the balance of the brigade, I deemed it necessary to half my regiment and reform, as the men had become scattered, owing to the dense wooded country though which they had advanced. We here reformed and engaged the enemy at short range for half and hour until the enemy had turned our right flank and poured an enfilading fire down our lines. Seeing, if we remained in that position any longer, we would certainly be captured, as the enemy had passed some 150 yards to our right and rear, I therefore about-faced my regiment and retired, swinging around to the right, keeping my left connected with Walthall's brigade. While in this position I received orders from Major Richards, of General Sharp's staff, to fall back to a road in our rear and reform, on the balance of the brigade. After having reformed we were again ordered to advance, which was

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

