
promptly obeyed. Having advanced about 500 yards we again engaged the enemy, but failed to drive him, owing to the jaded condition of my men, but held our position and the enemy in check until we were ordered to retire to the road where we had first reformed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BYRD WILLIAMS,

Colonel Forty-first Mississippi Regiment.

[Major W. C. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 643.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Kelsey, Forty-fourth Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 28.

FORTY-FOURTH (BLYTHE) MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,

Near Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Forty-fourth (Blythe) Mississippi Infantry Regiment on the 28th of July, 1864, in front of Atlanta, GA.:

About 11 a. m., orders being received for the regiment to be placed under arms to advance against the enemy, the regiment was soon under arms, and moved off by the left flank on the Buck Head road some mile in advance of the breast-works. Line of battle being soon formed, the advance commenced about 11.30 a. m., my command having to advance through an open field for over a quarter of a mile before reaching the enemy's works, subject to an enfilading fire from the right. The works immediately in my front being some distance in the rear of the works on the right and in a large hollow, there being a large hill on the right and left, this destructive fire in my front and flanks thinned my ranks so much before I came in reach of their works that it was impossible to carry them, and was forced to fall back after the brigade on the right gave way.

The officers and men acted very gallantly, remaining on the field until half their number were shot down and ordered to retreat.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. KELSEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-fourth Mississippi Regiment.

Major W. C. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 644.

Report of Lieutenant J. B. Downing, Ninth Mississippi Battalion Sharpshooters, of operations July 28.

BIVOUAC OF THE 9TH MISSISSIPPI BATTLN. SHARPSHOOTERS,

July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the skirmishers of this brigade (composed of the Ninth

