
Mississippi Battalion; Company A, of the Tenth Mississippi Regiment, and Captain Nolan's company, of the Forty-first Mississippi) during the action of the 28th instant:

About 11.30 o'clock I was directed by General Sharp to take command of the skirmishers (Captain Nolan and Lieutenant James G. McGowan, my superiors, having waived their rank), deploy them in front of the brigade, which rested south of and nearly parallel with the Taylor's Ferry road, move forward about 200 paces, and await orders. I had just succeeded in reaching the position designated and dressed the line, when I received an order to move forward and drive in the enemy's skirmishers, who were posted about 250 paces in our front behind rail piles, and protected by a section of artillery posted a short distance in their rear. I immediately ordered the line to advance and charge them, which was promptly obeyed by Company A, of the Tenth Mississippi, and the Sharpshooters, who moved through an open field in a most gallant style, drove the enemy from their rail piles back upon their line of battle, with a loss of 6 wounded (4 from the Sharpshooters and 2 from Company A, of the Tenth Mississippi), and held the position they had occupied until our line of battle advanced and charged their works. I was then ordered to remain in rear and keep up stragglers, which the command faithfully endeavored to obey, but with what success I leave it to General Sharp to determine.

Captain Nolan's company, for some reason, not known to me, failed to advance from the position we occupied previous to the charge, and did not come up until our line of battle had passed the position from which we had driven the enemy.

I cannot speak too highly of the gallant conduct exhibited by Lieutenants James G. McGowan and Joseph J. Dean, of Company A, Tenth Mississippi, the men of their company, and the Sharpshooters.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOWNING,

Second Lieutenant, 9th Miss. Battln. S. S., Commanding Skirmishers.

Major W. C. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 645.

Report of Brigadier General Edward C. Walthall, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 7-20.
HDQRS. WALTHALL'S BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIVISION, HOOD'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In line of battle, near New Hope Church, Ga., June 2, 1864.

Pursuant to a circular order from division headquarters I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my command from the time it was put in position at Alt's Gap, near Dalton, Ga., till it crossed the Etowah River:

On the morning of the 7th of May I was directed by the major-general commanding to move my command from its camp near Dalton through Alt's Gap and take position in the trenches north of the gap, on the left of Manigault's and right of Tucker's brigade, facing

