
to the east. About noon on the 8th, under his orders, I moved my command, following Tucker's brigade in the direction of Rocky Face Ridge, but was halted when I had gone about half a mile, and in two hours or so was ordered back to my position in the trenches and remained there till 2.30 o'clock on the morning of the 10th. I then moved through Dalton to a point on the Resaca road nearly opposite Tilton. After I had been there about two hours I was directed to move rapidly back on the Dalton road to the railroad crossing, about three miles distant, and to carry my command by a train of cars then in waiting back to the trenches near Alt's Gap, there to be under the orders of Lieutenant-General Hardee. During the night I received orders from that officer to relieve Govan's brigade at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 11th. This I did at the hour appointed, and remained in Govan's position till the afternoon, when, by instructions from headquarters of the army I reported to the major-general commanding, and with my command rejoined my proper division in the neighborhood of Dalton.

Early on the morning of the 12th I was directed to move with the division to the neighborhood of Varnell's Station, and by 12 m. we reached the point indicated, and formed line of battle on the left of the Cleveland railroad. Two hours later I was directed to move back, left in front, through Dalton on the Resaca road. About an hour after dark I was halted, and after resting several hours resumed the march in time to reach a point six miles north of Resaca, where my command had been on the 10th, about an hour before daylight. I remained here till about the middle of the day on the 13th, when I moved about two miles farther in the direction of Resaca, and formed line of battle forcing northwest at a point indicated by the major-general commanding on the left of the road. At 6.30 o'clock in the evening I was directed by him to move to the left, and spent the night at a point where I was halted about dark by an order which he delivered to me in person.

Early on the morning of the 14th, as directed by him, I moved about a mile farther to the left and occupied a position from which a brigade of Major-General Bate's division had just withdrawn. As soon as my line was formed, and I had thrown forward skirmish line connecting with that on the right and left already established, I employed all the tools at my disposal in strengthening the earth works left by the troops which had preceded me, and in cutting out the undergrowth in front. The Thirty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Samuel Benton, occupied the right of my line, connecting with the left of Deas' brigade; the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiments (consolidated), col. R. P. McLelvine, the center, and the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Mississippi Regiments (consolidated), Colonel W. F. Brantly, the left. Captain G. W. Reynolds, with three companies of sharpshooters, previously selected from the several regiments of my command, and organized and drilled specially for such service, covered my front. Tucker's brigade was posted in my rear as support. My command was the left brigade of Lieutenant-General Hood's corps, and on my left was Lewis' brigade, the right of Lieutenant-General Hardee's. Between Brigadier-General Lewis' right and the left of my intrenched line was Hotchkiss' battalion of artillery, behind which, under cover of the hill it was posted on, Colonel Brantly's consolidated regiment was put in position, except the three right companies, which were put in the trenches, the major-general commanding

