
effect; but soon after his third repulse he opened a furious fire from the ridge opposite Bate's division, which furnished him very fine positions for his guns, opposite my left and about three-quarters of a mile distant. The fire of both small-arms and artillery was kept up till 8.30 in the evening. During the afternoon a battery from Martin's battalion was sent to my line. After the firing ceased most of the night was spent in strengthening the works all along the line, for they had been materially damaged during the day.

About 5 o'clock on the morning of the 15th the firing was resumed, and was kept up incessantly during the entire day. In the night artillery had been concentrated on the point I occupied, and besides the small-arms, which were used without intermission, not less than thirty guns were vigorously employed against us, and with considerable effect. The guns on my left enfilade the greater portion of my line of works, and the position would scarcely have been tenable but for the fact that its extreme left was its highest point, and in consequence furnished a partial protection for the remainder. The firing ceased about 8 p. m.

My loss in killed was disproportionate to the number wounded, because most of the casualties were caused by artillery, and those men struck by balls from small-arms were in most cases shot in the head or upper part of the body while in the act of firing over the breast-works. When the engagement opened I had in line, 1,158 men. Of this number 48 were killed and 116 wounded, and 5 of them mortally.

I think the loss of the enemy in my front was very heavy. None who have looked upon the field estimate it at less than 1,000 in killed and wounded during both days.

Except Lieutenant Wiygle, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, who, when 6 men of his company were killed and 5 wounded by a single shell, abandoned his command and fled from the field, every member of my command did his whole duty during the entire engagement. My regimental commanders and the members of my staff gave me the full benefit of their efficient support and cordial co-operation, for which here I desire to acknowledge my indebtedness. Troops were never more severely tested than mine were in this battle, and none could have endured with more steadiness than they the furious and continuous fire to which they were subjected. To discriminate would be invidious when all did their duty so well.

Herewith I submit the reports of regimental commanders, to which I refer for many details of interest touching the engagement, and also full lists of casualties.

I regret to name among the killed Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Jones, Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiment, who fell while discharging the duties of his position with that gallantry for which he had been distinguished on other fields.

From the artillery no reports have been received, and it is presumed that these will be sent up through the channel of communication pertaining to that arm. It is fitting, however, for me to attest the fearlessness and superior skill of both officers and men connected with the batteries along my line. They did their duty nobly and rendered most valuable service in a position of peculiar exposure, where unshaken they bore for two days a terrific converging fire from the enemy's guns advantageously posted.

