
I cannot withhold my special commendation of Lieutenant H. Shannon, the efficient officer commanding Swett's battery, of Hotchkiss' battalion, for his repeated acts of signal gallantry which came under my eye during the battle.

The fine brigade which was posted in my rear for support, though it had the shelter of the ridge, sustained considerable loss, mainly from the enemy's artillery. Its commander, Brigadier General W. F. Tucker, was severely wounded while observing the enemy's movements from my position during the first day's engagement, and was succeeded in command by Colonel Jacob H. Sharp. of Blythe's (Mississippi) Regiment. To both these efficient officers I am indebted for valuable suggestions and repeated offers of assistance, for which their command was kept in a constant state of readiness.

About 10 o'clock the night of 15th, pursuant to orders from [the] major-general commanding, I withdrew my command from the intrenched line we had occupied for two days and crossed the Oostenaula River on the railroad bridge at Resaca. By way of Calhoun and Adairsville we moved to Cassville, reaching there on the 18th. The next day we took up a line east of Cassville on a ridge, when we were fired upon heavily by the enemy's artillery and anticipated an engagement, a battle order having been read to the troops from army headquarters. Pursuant to orders received that night we moved at an early hour the following morning toward Cartersville and crossed the Etowah River in the afternoon of 20th.

All the marches referred to in this report were orderly. There was no straggling and no loss of property in any department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

24th Mississippi	 24 	 27	 .......

27th Mississippi	 6	 27	 1

29th Mississippi	 5	 24	 .......

30th Mississippi	 10	 29	 .......

34th Mississippi	 4	 11	 .......

Total	 49	 118	 1

Number of officers and enlisted men actually in the battle of Resaca, Walthall's brigade, Hindman's division.

Command	 Officers	 Men

24th and 27th Mississippi Regiments, Colonel 	 46	 559

R. P. McKelvaine

29th and 30th Mississippi Regiments, Colonel 	 30	 421

W. F. Brantly

34th Mississippi Regiments, Colonel Samuel	 20	 178

Benton

Total	 96	 1,158

IN THE FIELD,

Near New Hope Church, Ga., May 31, 1864.

