
of a goodly number who had no legitimate excuse, I was unable to hold the works. I retired the command about fifty or sixty yards behind a fence, where I remained fighting the enemy until I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to retire my line to the Lick Skillet and Atlanta road and reform it. Very soon I again received orders to move forward and engage the enemy, which I did, but was unable to drive him. Abut 3.30 p. m. I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to hold my position until Major-General Walthall's division came up and relieved me, and then retire my line, which I did. This ended the fight for this command.

I forwarded herewith the reports of the regimental commanders, together with a list of casualties.

The extreme heat, the scarcity of water, and the hurried manner in which we went into the engagement, caused a great many to fall out of the ranks and afterward to straggle, which led me to believe and report my losses immediately after the fight much larger than they really were.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BRANTLY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Report of casualties in Brantly's brigade, Hindman's division, &amp;c., in the engagement on the 28th instant.

Wounded

Regiment	 Killed	 Mortally	 Dangerously	 Severely

Twenty-fourth and	 11	 ......	 6	 34

Twenty-seventh

Twenty-ninth and	 4	 2	 1	 13

Thirtieth

Thirty-fourth	 1	 1	 ........	 6

Total	 16	 3	 7	 53

Regiment	 Slightly	 Missing

Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh	 16	 10

Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth	 5	 6

Thirty-fourth	 2	 7

Total	 24	 23

W. F. BRANTLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, July 29, 1864.

Numbers 647.

Report of Colonel Robert P. McKelvaine, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Infantry, of operations May 12-18.
HEADQUARTERS 24TH AND 27TH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENTS,Camp near Etowah River, [May 19, 1864].

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to state that on returning from a temporary leave of absence I assumed command of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiments on the morning of the 12th instant.

