
During the engagement of the 14th the conduct of both officers and men was gallant and commendable, every one doing his duty nobly.

In the engagement of the 15th our losses were 9 killed and 25 wounded.

In the action of this day all behaved with equal courage and gallantry, except Lieutenant W. P. Wyigle, Company F, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment.

At about 10 p. m. on this day we moved out of our trenches and began our retreat from the blood-dyed hills of Resaca, and not a heart but heaved a sigh of regret at abandoning a spot where we had struggled so hard for thirty-six hours for our common country's cause-a spot consecrated by the life-blood of so many of the best and bravest of our comrades in arms; but as we looked for the last time upon their graves, and knew that the vandal foe would tread upon them on to-morrow, [we felt] that they had not fallen in vain. At about 3 o'clock on the morning of the 16th the command was halted and about two hours' sleep allowed the wearied troops; and again at about 5 a.m. the march was resumed, and at about 3 p.m. reached the vicinity of Cassville, where we halted, and rations were issued, and where we bivouacked during the night.

At about 9 a.m. of the 17th the command was put in motion, moving through Cassville and out to the northeast of town about a mile and a half, but soon returned, and passing to the east of town, went into line of battle on the heights immediately south of the village and began to erect defenses. The enemy attempted an advance, but were held in check by our sharpshooters until dark, when, pressing down tow lines of battle, they forced our skirmishers back and took possession of the town. At about 2 a.m. we began to fall back, and at about 10 a.m. on the 18th halted near Cartersville, and began to move again at about 2 p.m. and crossed the Etowah River. The command proceeded about two miles after crossing, and went into bivouac at this place.

I forward with this report a correct list* of the killed and wounded of my command. Killed, 29; wounded, 56; missing, 1.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. McKELVAINE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Walthall's Brigade.

Numbers 648.

Report of Lieutenant William L. Lyles, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 28.

IN THE FIELD, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In regard to the part taken by the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiments in the action of July 28, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The line of battle of Hindman's division being formed at an acute angle with the Lick Skillet road and to the south of it, these two regiments, composing a portion of Walthall's brigade on the left of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

