
At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 12th we received orders to move with the brigade up the railroad leading form Dalton to Cleveland, which order was obeyed. At 12 m. that day we formed line of battle about eight miles from Dalton, facing north. A sharp cavalry skirmish occurred in our front, which resulted in the enemy being driven off. We were then ordered to return to Dalton and bivouac about one mile from where we camped the previous night.

About 1 o'clock on the morning of the 13th we received orders to move with the brigade in the direction of Resaca about nine miles, forming line of battle running parallel with the road, facing west, where we rested during the night.

On the morning of the 14th we moved to the left about a mile, and about half a mile in advance of the position we previously occupied, where we formed line of battle facing to the west, the left of my regiment connecting wit the right of Brigadier-General Lewis' brigade, Bate's division, the right reaching the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi, the regiment covering a ridge and supporting Hotchkiss' battalion of artillery. The ridge made an obtuse angle, in front of which the enemy held a strong position, controlling our line with their artillery, which consisted of three batteries-one to the southwest, strongly posted on a hill, controlling and enfilading the right of my regiment; one to the northwest, which easily controlled the position occupied by the left of my command, an one in front, not more than 1,000 yards, which played upon the front of my breast-works, frequently tearing the works so much as to cause me to reconstruct them. The battery to the southwest, which did the most damage to my line, was in such a position that it could not be replied to by our batteries, and its fire was directed with such accuracy as to prevent us from silencing the battery in our front. Frequently during the day the enemy attempted to fire by battery on our position, when the interval between the firing was sufficient to count the number of pieces used, which was ascertained to be about eight guns to the battery, making twenty-four guns playing on the position occupied by the brigade. During this mode of firing the enemy set my works, composed of rails and earth, on fire, and came near destroying the portion of the works occupied by the right of my regiment. We took our position in line about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 14th. About 11 o'clock the enemy's skirmishers were seen approaching, and were met and successfully checked by our skirmishers, and very soon he was seen to be advancing in three lines; and after some little hesitation in a skirt of woods in front of our position he attempted to charge our lines, and approached so near to my position as to get under our artillery and destroy the effect of the fire upon it, when, under the immediate eye of General Walthall, I ordered my regiment to charge the enemy, which was done, dislodging and scattering him with considerable loss, when the artillery opened upon his confused and retreating columns, inflicting severe loss upon him. My object having been accomplished, I was ordered to reoccupy my original position in order that the artillery might be used more effectual upon the retreating columns of the enemy. This attempt was repeated three times, and the last time the enemy hastily retreated upon the appearance of our infantry. After being thus repulsed they advanced a heavy line of skirmishers and kept up a constant fire until night closed the engagement.

