
During the day I lost in killed 12 men and wounded 50 men.

About daylight on the 15th again opened on us from a position they had gained during the night, and fortified and kept up a heavy fire of musketry during the entire day. The artillery firing during the day was the heaviest that I have known during the war.

During the engagement of the first day Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Johnson, Thirtieth Mississippi, was slightly wounded in the head and side, and Captain R. W. Williamson, Twenty-ninth Mississippi, severely wounded; also on the second day Major J. K. Allen was severely wounded in the face, which caused me to lose the service of these officers during a part of the engagement.

On the second day my losses were 4 killed and 8 wounded, making in all during the engagement 16 killed and 58 wounded.

During this engagement too much cannot be said for the men and officers of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Mississippi Regiments. All behaved well, and as their conduct came under the immediate eye of the brigadier-general commanding, I leave for him to say how they performed their part; but to Adjutant Powell I feel that my personal thanks are due for the prompt and gallant manner in which he executed my orders and performed every duty.

On the night of the 15th, at 10.15 o'clock. I was ordered to move from my position with the brigade across the Oostenaula, which was accomplished, and at daylight the next morning we were resting about three miles south of Resaca, and after remaining there about two hours were ordered by easy marches to Calhoun, and on the morning of the 17th the march was continued to Adairsville.

On the morning of the 18th we continued our march to Cassville, and on the evening of the 19th we formed line of battle at Cassville, facing northwest, where we threw up breast-works. Toward evening the enemy made his appearance and commenced a most furious artillery fire upon our position, during which we lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

About 1 o'clock that night I received orders to move, and about 2 o'clock on the evening of the 20th of May my command crossed the Etowah.

I submit the list of casualties, marked A.* I would further state that during the whole march the best spirits prevailed in my command. There was no instance of straggling among the men.

On the morning of May 8 the division provost guard, commanded by Lieutenant J. R. Porter, Twenty-ninth Mississippi, was assigned to duty with my regiment.

Both officers and men behaved with great coolness and bravery during the engagement at Resaca, and with becoming spirits during the marches from Dalton until it was relieved, about the 24th of May.

I forward the list of casualties, appended to the report of my regiment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BRANTLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found, but see brigade table, p. 798.

---------------

