
The total effective was 277 on the 28th instant, but owing to the fact that those thrown forward as flankers and skirmishers were not in the heat of the action, passing to my left flank when the direction to the right was taken, only 207 muskets were actually engaged. My skirmishers did good service in watching the movements of the enemy on my left flank, which but for their presence would have been uncovered.

My losses were 5 killed, 3 mortally wounded, 20 severely and slightly wounded, and 1 missing. Of those heretofore reported missing, 1 was killed, 1 wounded, and 1 has returned. The command captured about 20 prisoners in its advances upon the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. C. HARRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 651.

Report of Colonel Samuel Benton, Thirty-fourth Mississippi Infantry, of operations May 11-18.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,Trenches, near New Hope Church, Ga., May 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular calling for a report of operations from the time of entering the works at Alt's Gap, near Dalton, Ga., to the crossing of the Etowah River, I respectfully submit the following details from the time I resumed command of my regiment:

As stated in a former report, we were relieved in our occupation of the center of the fortifications on the afternoon of the 11th. I then relinquished the command of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiments to Colonel McKelvaine, of the Twenty-fourth, and took charge of my own regiment. We moved out just this side of Dalton, where we halted for the night. The provost guard of the brigade was here attached to my regiment.

A little after daylight next morning we were in line again, and marched six miles northward of Dalton, to support Major-General Wheeler in a reconnaissance near Varnell's Station. This accomplished, we returned in the afternoon, halting about 8 p. m. two miles this side of Dalton, on the Resaca road. After resting four hours we continued our march until within six miles of Resaca, where we again halted a little before day. About 10 o'clock we moved forward, going some two miles, and late in the afternoon we formed in line of battle on the right of the road, fronting in a northwestern direction. Subsequently we moved a mile or more to the left and rested for the night.

Early next morning (the 14th) we moved farther to the left and took position along a ridge about a mile and a half northward of Resaca. Here we at once commenced breast-works, and soon the enemy were visible on a high ridge some distance in front of us. We had scarcely finished our works before our skirmishers were attacked,

