
and a little before noon we got under arms in the trench. The enemy pushed forward their skirmishers, supported by a line of battle, and drove in our skirmish lines. My command was on the right of the brigade, which was near the center of the general line. In front of me was a hill (the termination of a ridge from the right), the top of which was about 250 yards from our works. The enemy occupied this with their sharpshooters, protected by the timber, a house, and the fences of small inclosures. From midday until near 8 o'clock at night they kept up an unceasing fire. We replied to it a intervals when they showed themselves or attempted to advance their position over the brow of the hill. They also moved up to the hill in line of battle, and there were indications of efforts to urge the men farther forward, but they did not come to the top of the hill. The ground behind our intrenchment gradually rose in elevation for a short distance, and minie-balls frequently grazed the breast-work and struck close to the inner bank of the trench, rendering it impossible to stand or lie in rear of it without imminent peril. In addition to this, the portion of the ridge occupied by our brigade protruded forward, while both on the right and left the line receded. The high ground in front ran round us in semicircular form. We were, therefore, exposed from the outset to a severe enfilading fire from a heavy battery on the left of the brigade. Shell frequently passed along the trench just above the heads of my men. In one instance a tree in the breast-work was struck, killing 1 man and wounding another.

The casualties during the day were 1 man killed and 8 wounded in my regiment at the intrenchments, and a litter-bearer killed in the rear. Of the provost guard on duty with me, Lieutenant P. Dever was severely wounded, 1 man killed and another dangerously wounded.

Sunday morning, the 15th, the enemy renewed their fire about daylight, and continued it without intermission until after 8 o'clock at night. A battery had been erected on the hill in front of us during the night, and toward noon a heavy fire from it opened on us, in addition to the enfilading shots from the left.

Among the casualties of the day I regret to say that Captain H. J. Bowen, Company I, was mortally wounded and died next day. He had done his duty during the action and gave his life to his country. Four men were wounded at the breast-works, and an ambulance driver was killed in the rear, all belonging to the Thirty-fourth Mississippi Regiment.

The men and officers of the entire command behaved throughout the engagement in a manner highly satisfactory. For nearly two days and nights they were constantly confined to the trench, watching or firing most of the time, and, cheerful and confident, they were ever anxious to see the foe come on. Though exposed whenever they returned the enemy's fire, they rose and executed it with deliberation, and I am satisfied that no small execution was done.

On Sunday night, in consequence of a flank movement of the enemy, we withdrew from our works and crossed the Oostenaula at Resaca. Leaving the railroad to our right, we marched two or three miles and halted before day until after sunrise. The march was then resumed, and continued, with intermissions, until we reached Cassville on the afternoon of the 18th.

The following morning we moved out upon information that the enemy was advancing, and after some maneuvering formed in line

