
front, in charge of Lieutenants Quinton and Howgate, acting signal officers Army of the Cumberland. These stations were kept open while the army remained in this position, and were abandoned on the 12th, when the army moved toward Roswell.

While the army was near the mouth of Nickajack Creek constant reconnaissances were made by the officers of the detachment not employed on stations, who tried from every prominent point to open communication with the central station. The Sixteenth Army Corps had on the 9th moved to Roswell, Ga., at which point Lieutenants Sherfy and Shellabarger, who immediately opened communication with signal officers Army of the Cumberland on Kenesaw Mountain, and with Lieutenants Worley and Allen at Roswell. Thus, when General Dodge's command reached Roswell, communication was established with the right. The army remained at Roswell until the morning of the 17th. Mean time signal officers had reconnoitered the country for four miles south of the Chattahoochee. On the morning of the 17th the army crossed the Chattahoochee and commenced its march toward Atlanta. En route the railroad was destroyed at several points, in some places by the cavalry and in others by the infantry. Officers of the detachment were constantly in advance, and upon our arrival in the vicinity of Decatur Lieutenant Edge reported to General Logan that the enemy were evacuating that place. Upon arriving before Atlanta stations of observation were established, overlooking the city and enemy's works, from which stations much important information was transmitted to the commanding generals. From one of these stations on the 21st Lieutenant Stickney reported to General Leggett the enemy moving a large force to our left, and on the morning of the 22nd Lieutenant Edge reported to Major-General Logan that the enemy were moving all available forces to our left. On the 22nd the enemy attacked the Army of the Tennessee in front, flank, and rear. Lieutenants Conard and Stickney were in charge of a station in General Leggett's front, from which they communicated to station at General Blair's headquarters, in charge of Lieutenant Dunlap. Lieutenant Conard's station was entirely uncovered by the falling back of the left at the time of the attack on our left and rear, but this station was held until the last moment, and messages were transmitted to General Blair from Generals Legget and Smith under a galling fire from front, flank, and rear. So nearly were they surrounded at one time that communication other than by signals could only be had at great risk. The lat messages transmitted were read over the heads of the enemy. Lieutenant Edge had a station of observation in the Fifteenth Corps front, 100 feet high. He saw the enemy preparing for a charge upon the Second Division, and informed Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding, of the fact, and received the reply, "I am ready for them." Lieutenant Edge remained at this station. The charge was made and our lines were broken and fell back past the station, and Lieutenant edge was compelled to descend and retreat before the advancing enemy under a heavy fire of musketry. On the morning of the 22d, accompanied by Lieutenant Allen, I had visited the entire front, and the station in charge of Lieutenant Stickney.

6 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

