
with Major-General Hindman, on the left of the Resaca road, and for this purpose moved two regiments across the road. Cumming and Brown were in my front line, Pettus being the second line to the former and Reynolds to the latter. During the morning there were several attacks upon General Hindman, and in my front the sharpshooters of the enemy obtained positions which entirely enfilade portions of Cumming's line. The men were sheltered as well as possible by such defenses as they could construct of logs and rails, but still suffered severely. The fire of these sharpshooters upon the artillery, some pieces of which were advanced in front on the line of General Cumming, was particularly destructive, and among the wounded was the brave Major J. W. Johnston, the battalion commander. About 5 o'clock that evening, agreeably to orders, I commenced a movement to dislodge the enemy from the high point of the ridge some distance in front of General Cumming. Brown and his support (Reynolds) were directed to move out in front of their trenches and then swing around to the left. After the movement commenced General Cumming was also directed to wheel all of his brigade, which was to the right of the backbone of the ridge, to the left in front of his works, the regiment upon the crest being the pivot. I was much gratified by the gallantry with which the movement was made, and by the success which attended it. Too much praise cannot be awarded Brown's gallant brigade. For particulars I refer you to his report. Late that night I received orders to retire from the position which I had taken, which was done.

The next morning I was ordered to retake it, which was accomplished without difficulty, the enemy not having reoccupied it. My command immediately went to work to construct defenses of logs and rails, and in a short time were quite well intrenched. During the course of the morning I received orders to place the artillery of my division in such a position as would enable it to drive off a battery that was annoying General Hindman's line. Before the necessary measures for the protection of the artillery could be taken, I received repeated and peremptory orders to open it upon the battery before alluded to. Corput's battery was accordingly placed in position at the only available point, about eighty yards in front of General Brown's line. It had hardly gotten into position when the enemy hotly engaged my skirmishers, driving them in and pushing on to the assault with great impetuosity. So quickly was all this done that it was impossible to remove the artillery before the enemy had effected a lodgment in the ravine in front of it, thus placing it in such a position that while the enemy were entirely unable to remove it, we were equally so, without driving off the enemy massed in the ravine beyond it, which would have been attended with great loss of life. The assaults of the enemy were in heavy force and made with the utmost impetuosity, but were met with a cool, steady fire, which each time mowed down their ranks and drove them back, leaving the ground thickly covered in places with their dead. When Brown's brigade had nearly exhausted their ammunition I caused it to be relieved by Reynolds' brigade, upon which assaults were also made and repulsed with the same success. During the attack I ordered General Pettus up with three of his regiments, which had remained in our position of the day previous. My intention was to employ his force in attacking the enemy in front of the battery and remove it. A portion of Gibson's brigade, of Stewart's division, was also sent me, but was soon recalled. The troops engaged, it will thus be

