
seen, were Brown's and Reynolds' brigades, and also the two right regiments of Cumming's. During the day Fenner's battery reported to me and rendered good service.

In the evening I received orders to move that portion of my force which was on the right of General Cumming out of the trenches, and co-operating with General Stewart, to swing around upon the enemy. At the moment that I received the order the enemy were making a heavy assault upon General Reynolds, and [General] Brown had not yet replenished his ammunition. The orders, however, were peremptory, and the movement was attempted. The Fifty-fourth Virginia, on the right, leaped the trenches and rushed bravely upon the enemy, but found that there was no connection with General Stewart's left, and being thus unsupported were compelled to fall back before the rest of the brigade moved out. In this attempt the gallant Captain George D. Wise, of my staff, was dangerously wounded, and the regiment in less than fifteen minutes lost above 100 officers and men. That night I received orders to withdraw, which was effected, owing to the coolness of the troops, without serious loss. My last brigade had not marched 300 yards from the trenches before the enemy made an assault. Especial credit is due the skirmishers of Brown's brigade for their conduct in this affair, and I ask attention to his report.

As I have stated I covered the disputed battery with my fire in such a manner that it was utterly impossible for the enemy to remove it, and I know that I could retake it at any time, but thought that it could be done with less loss of life at night, and, therefore, postponed my attack. When ordered to retire I represented the state of things to the general commanding, who decided to abandon the guns.

Upon my arrival at New Hope Church I put my command in position on the right of General Stewart, and very soon thereafter the enemy assaulted him in force. A small portion of my left brigade (Brown's) was engaged, and the men behaved with their usual spirit until relieved. The enemy kept up a heavy fire of skirmishers and artillery upon my front line (Brown and Pettus), and inflicted considerable loss, but my skirmishers behaved well, and were only driven back upon portions of the line.

On the 28th I was informed by General Baker that the enemy had succeeded in planting a battery a short distance in front of his works, and that having no long-range guns he could not drive them off. I sent him a regiment of rifles from Cumming's brigade, which soon dislodged the enemy.

The following statement will show my losses during the whole movement:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Brown's brigade	 39	 173	 10

Cumming's brigade	 19	 89	 270

Reynolds' brigade	 33	 126	 190

Pettus' brigade	 30	 177	 61

Total	 121	 565	 531

It affords me pleasure to bear witness to the uniform gallantry with which my division has acted, and to acknowledge my indebted-

