
ness to my brigade commanders, their officers and men, as well as to the officers and men of Johnston's battalion of artillery, commanded since Major Johnston was wounded by Captain M. V. D. Corput.

While in position near New Hope Church I regret to state that I lost the service of Brigadier-General Reynolds, who there received a painful, but I hope not dangerous, wound. The limits of this imperfect report will not permit me to make mention of particular individuals.

We have been called upon the mourn the loss of many gallant spirits, among them Major Barber, Third Tennessee, and Major Francis, Thirtieth Alabama.

I desire to express my renewed obligations to my staff-Majs. John J. Reeve, George L. Gillespie (wounded at Resaca), H. M. Mathews, Richard Orme, Capts. G. D. Wise (wounded at Resaca), W. H. Sykes, and Lieutenant Shane and Botts, and Chief Surgeon Henry M. Compton.

The above is a copy of the rough draft of a report made to Major J. W. Ratchford, assistant adjutant-general of Hood's corps.

CARTER L. STEVENSON.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,August 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the engagement of the 22nd of June last on the Powder Springs road. A brief account of that affair, taken in connection with the report heretofore furnished, will embrace all the more important fights in which my division has up to this time participated.

My division had for one or two days previous to the 22nd of June been lying in reserve on the extreme left of the infantry of the army, about three miles from Marietta, on the Powder Springs road. About 12 m. I moved the command farther from Marietta and halted it at Mount Zion Church. The enemy, as I moved forward, were driving in the cavalry. About 2.30 p. m. I was directed to take position on the left of General Hindman's division, about half a mile in advance of the church. I at once advanced my skirmishers, and, driving those of the enemy, established my line under fire of his artillery. Brown's and Cumming's brigades formed the first line, Reynolds' and Pettus' the second. The men hastily constructed breast-works of logs and rails. Soon afterwards I received orders to advance from my position and drive the enemy of the road toward Manning's Mill. The division of General Hindman was also directed to advance on my right. I placed General Cumming in charge of the first line-Brown's and Cumming's brigades, commanded by Cols. Ed. C. Cook (Thirty-second Tennessee) and E. P. Watkins (Fifty-sixth Georgia), respectively, and General Pettus in charge of the second line-Reynolds' and Pettus' brigades, commanded by Cols. R. C. Trigg (Fifty-fourth Virginia) and C. M. Shelley (Thirtieth Alabama), respectively. A good deal of time was occupied in getting and giving instructions and making the necessary preparations. About 5 p.m. we advanced and soon struck the enemy, driving him quickly before us from his advanced works, which consisted of one

