
and others. Also to General Baker's statements in regard to the color-bearer, Sergeant Gilder, Fortieth Alabama; the aged missionary, Rev. J. P. McMullen, and others. General Baker had his horse severely wounded.

During the retreat of the army at night the division remained in line of battle, crossing the railroad and Dalton and Resaca road, until the entire army had passed the bridges. The situation was perilous, and calculated to try the endurance of the men, as the enemy threatened an attack. They stood firm, however, and remained in position until about 3 o'clock in the morning, when we retired, in obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding corps.

On the skirmish line in front of Cassville on Thursday, May 19, I regret to say that a number of men belonging to the Eighteenth Alabama Regiment unnecessarily and disgracefully surrendered. Reference is made to the report of Major Austin, commanding at the time the skirmishers of Gibson's brigade, for the facts.

On Wednesday evening, May 25, being in line of battle near New Hope Church-Baker's brigade on the right, Clayton's in the center, Stovall's on the left, Gibson's in reserve, except Austin's battalion, and the Sixteenth [Louisiana], under Colonel Lewis, who were in front as skirmishers - the enemy, after firing a few shells, advanced and attacked along my entire front. Baker's and Clayton's men had piled up a few logs, Stovall's Georgians were without any defense. The entire line received the attack with great steadiness and firmness, every standing at his post. The fight began toward 5 o'clock and continued with great fury until after night. The enemy were repulsed at all points, and it is believed with heavy loss. The force opposed to us was reported by prisoners taken to be Hooker's corps, of three divisions, and their loss was stated at from 3,000 to 5,000.

Eldridge's battalion of artillery, consisting of Stanford's, Oliver's, and Fenner's batteries, was admirably posted, well weaved, and did great execution. They had 43 men and 44 horses killed and wounded. Our position was such that the enemy's fire, which was very heavy, passed over the line to a great extent, which accounts for the fact that while so heavy a punishment was inflicted on the enemy, our own loss, between 300 and 400, was not greater. The calm determination of the men during this engagement of two and a half or three hours was beyond all praise. The enemy's advance seemed to be in three lines of division front without artillery. No more persistent attack or determined resistance has any where been made. Not being allowed to advance and charge the enemy, we did not get possession of the ground occupied by the enemy, who intrenched, and during the two following days kept up a severe and galling skirmish fire, from which we suffered considerably, especially losing a number of valuable officers.

During the 27th the Thirty-seventh Alabama, Lieutenant-Colonel Greene commanding, suffered severely from the fire of a battery, and with the Fifty-fourth [Alabama], who re-enforced it (both of Baker's brigade), is entitled to special mention for the fortitude with which they endured the ordeal.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

Major RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hood's Corps.

