
We were returning toward the right when the attack on the extreme left was made, and immediately turned and accompanied General McPherson to the scene of action, to render such service in any capacity as best we could. By order of General McPherson endeavored to rally the broken left of the Seventeenth Corps, but with little success. We were here joined by Lieutenant Sherfy. We then accompanied the general through the broken line and into an ambush, where the general was killed, and we had a very narrow escape, Lieutenant Sherfy being badly injured by being thrown from his horse, and Lieutenant Allen badly bruised by coming in contact with a tree. I afterward directed the placing of a battery to resist the farther advance of the enemy; then reported to Major-General Logan who had succeeded to the command of the army, and rendered such services as I could. The station in charge of Lieutenants Conard and Stickney was reopened on the morning of the 23d, and kept open until night, when the removal of General Blair's headquarters rendered the line impracticable. At this station, on the 23d, Private Philip W. Ashton was mortally wounded. He died on the 27th. The army remained at this point until the night of the 26th, during which time the officers of the detachment kept a constant watch upon the enemy. On the night of the 26th the Army of the Tennessee marched to take a position on the extreme right. On the morning of the 28th, when the army was going into position west of Atlanta, stations of observation were established, one by Lieutenants Sherfy and Shellabarger, and one by Lieutenants Conard and Stickney. The latter was between the main and skirmish line; the skirmishers were driven in by the advance of the enemy, and the officers were compelled to abandon it. The station occupied by Lieutenants Sherfy and Shellabarger was held until 3 p. m., when a heavy fire of solid shot, shell, and spherical case was directed against it, and they were compelled to abandon it, and finally to abandon the hill on which the station was located. I remained at Lieutenant Sherfy's station until I was compelled to abandon it, when I reported to General Howard and did duty as aide. Lieutenants Edge, Fish, and Weirick were on duty in the front, and reported result of observations to General Logan.

Lieutenant Sherfy reoccupied his station on the following morning, and communication was opened to a battery in readiness to open, also to General Howard's headquarters, to which station he communicated result of observations. The country in which we operated during the month was very poorly adapted to communication by signals, and the lines established have been in such places where ordinarily such communication would not be attempted. The stations established have been from 60 to 100 feet above the ground. Lieutenants Magner and Adams were, during he latter part of the month, on duty with General Garrard's cavalry division. The station of observation in rear of the lines of the Sixteenth Corps, established July 28, commanding a view of the enemy's works, his roads, railroad, &amp;c., was occupied by officers of the sub-detachment with the Sixteenth Army Corps from morning till night each day until the 20th of August, when I directed that it should be constantly occupied day and night. The officers having familiarized themselves with every important occurrence within the lines of the enemy at any hour of the night, such as the burning of stores or buildings, any circumstances which should indicate the enemy's

