HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S DIVISION,In the Field, September 16, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report as follows:

Early on the morning of the 28th of July this division, with the exception of Stovall's brigade, was ordered to move from its position in the trenches on the northeast of Atlanta through the city to the west. Here it was halted until near the middle of the day, when, having been preceded by Brown's division, it moved out upon the Lick Skillet road about a mile and went into line of battle on the right of the road, facing to the north. I had placed Gibson's brigade on the left, and was superintending the formation of Holtzclaw's brigade upon the right-having directed Brigadier-General Baker to form his brigade in rear as a reserve-when I learned that without the knowledge of Brigadier-General Gibson or myself, his brigade had been ordered forward by Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, assistant inspector-general of the corps. This brigade soon struck the enemy, whose skirmishers, with the line supporting them, were promptly driven back on the main line. Moving Holtzclaw's brigade forward, with instructions to look well to the right (my formation having been from the left of Brown's division), I hastened to where Gibson's brigade was engaged. This brigade had struck the salient in the enemy's works and had suffered severely. I was informed by Brigadier-General Gibson that he needed support. The troops on his left had been driven back in confusion. I immediately ordered up Baker's brigade, which renewed the attack with spirit, but was in time driven back with great loss. I then ordered Holtzclaw's brigade to move by the left flank and take a position out of view of the enemy, but near their works, and covering the ground over which the other two brigades had passed, in order to meet an advance of the enemy should one be made. Hastily forming Gibson's and Baker's brigades (both of which had fought with gallantry and lost one-half of their original numbers) in rear, the firing upon my left having ceased, I notified Lieutenant-General Lee, commanding corps, of my position, and awaited orders. I had found the enemy in strong works and upon ground well chosen. Had my right brigade advanced to the attack it would have done so by changing direction to the left and moved through an extensive open field. I had also been instructed not to make the attack beyond the branch in my front, and which this brigade had then crossed. Soon after dark the troops were moved back through the breast-works near the city, and to a new position on the left of the army.

H. D. CLAYTON,

Major-General.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S DIVISION,In the field, -,-.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report:

This division was moved from East Point on the night of the 30th of August, and after an exceedingly fatiguing march reached Jonesborough about the middle of the day of the 31st. Here resting about two hours I received orders from the lieutenant-general commanding to send a brigade to report to General Stevenson, and to move out for

