
battle. I was directed to form my two remaining brigades, Gibson's and Holtzclaw's (Brigadier-General Stovall having been sent to report to General Stevenson), in the second line and on the right of General Manigault's brigade, which was also placed under my command. Between 3 and 4 p. m. the front line moved out of the breastworks to make the attack. Having a considerable quantity of brushwood to go through, and to pas the breast-works, both of which I knew would create confusion in the line, I ordered that it should halt so soon as it should reach the open field beyond, and gave the order to move forward so soon as the front line moved. A portion of the line in front seemed to move forward with great reluctance, and when I had reached the point where I had directed the alignment to be rectified, I found that many of the troops in front, who had then scarcely engaged the enemy, were coming back, and some of them were endeavoring to conceal themselves in the gullies of the old field. Fearing the effect of this upon my own men, and seeing, now that the attack had fairly begun, the importance of pressing it at once, I rode forward and ordered the whole command to move on. Brigadier-General Gibson seizing the colors of one of his regiments dashed to the front and up to the very works of the enemy. This conduct created the greatest enthusiasm throughout his command, which again, as in the engagement of the 28th of July, previously mentioned, moved against a salient in the enemy's works. Unfortunately a large portion of the whole command stopped in the rifle pits of the enemy, behind piles of rails and a fence running nearly parallel to his breast-works, and to this circumstance I attribute the failure to carry the works. Never was a charge begun with such enthusiasm terminated with accomplishing so little. This gallant brigade lost one-half its numbers, and was finally driven back, as also Manigault's, upon the left. Holtzclaw's brigade, Colonel Bush. Jones commanding, which, except its left, had no been so warmly engaged, was subsequently withdrawn.

H. D. CLAYTON,

Major-General.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 656.

Reports of Brigadier General Marcellus A. Stovall, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 7-15 and August 31.
HEADQUARTERS STOVALL'S BRIGADE,June 2, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular order of date, headquarters Stewart's division, May 31, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during that part of the preceding campaign which has already passed:

On the 7th of May last, in compliance with verbal orders from division headquarters, my command was ordered out of camp; moved up the Dalton and Tunnel Hill road about one mile and a half, halting after crossing the third and last crossing of Mill Creek. From this position I was ordered to form a line of battle on Buzzard Roost Ridge in order that the enemy's line might be developed. That night, however, I was ordered to change my position again and

