
I regret to report the loss of several valuable officers in this engagement. The only field officer present, Major M. S. Nall, of the Forty-first Georgia, fell gallantry leading his regiment. One-fourth of my entire brigade present in this action are of the killed and wounded, a list of which has already been forwarded.

Respectfully submitted.

M. A. STOVALL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Numbers 657.

Report of Colonel Abda Johnson, Fortieth Georgia Infantry, commanding Stovall's brigade, of operations May 15-June 1.
HEADQUARTERS FORTIETH GEORGIA REGIMENT,June 2, 1864.

MAJOR: On the evening of the 15th of May the illness of Brigadier-General Stovall devolved the command of his brigade upon me. Circumstances will not allow more than a very brief report of the operations of the brigade till his return on the 1st instant.

In the evacuation of Resaca on the 15th ultimo, Stewart's division brought up the rear, and in withdrawing from our extreme front to take position and await the movement of our army there was some confusion in the brigade. This arose from the fact that the command had passed over ground unfavorable for marching, and could not be properly closed up; that we were double-quicking to get into position; that the road across which we had to move out from the line of battle was covered with troops, and that when a few companies at the head of the column had crossed the railroad a train went by, cutting the column. The troops in advance went promptly into position. The other troops mistook those passing for their own command and passed by. As we crossed the road but a short distance from the point at which the column was cut before forming line of battle, the mistake of the troops was not immediately discovered. As soon, however, as they could be reached the troops returned promptly to their places. It may be added that these movements were made after dark.

While at Cassville the skirmishers of the brigade retired without orders. This was caused by the driving in or retiring of the line to our left. The nature of the ground rendered it impossible for Captain Maxwell, commanding the skirmishers, to know what occurred on his left. After retiring a short distance he withdrew by the right and returned to the brigade. Major Austin, of Gibson's brigade, who was in command of the skirmishers of the brigade, knew the circumstances, and, I learn, says the course of Captain Maxwell was proper.

On the conduct of the brigade in the affair of the 25th ultimo at New Hope Church it is unnecessary for me to speak at length, as General Stewart was present and saw how officers and men behaved. So far as fell under my notice they conducted themselves well. I may add that on that day Captain Summers, of the Forty-second Georgia, handled his skirmishers admirably. He was ordered to

