
hold the ridge in front against any force less than a line of battle. The enemy's skirmishers were closely followed by one or more lines of battle, but Captain Summers held his ground till the skirmishers on his right had been driven to the rear; in fact, he held a portion of his ground (on the left) during the action and rendered important service in protecting the left flank of the brigade.

My thanks are due to Captain Whitehead, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Dearing and Cahal for the prompt, faithful, and efficient discharge of duty while the brigade was under my command. Each of them was conspicuous for gallantry in the affair of New Hope Church.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

A. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 658.

Report of Captain J. N. Dobbs, Fortieth Georgia Infantry, of operations May 7-29.
HEADQUARTERS FORTIETH GEORGIA REGIMENT,May 29, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 7th instant:

On the 7th the command moved from camp near Dalton to position in Mill Creek Gap. It remained there until the night of the 12th, when the movement southward commenced. On the 13th the command reached Tilton, and was thrown forward toward Dalton to meet the enemy, but the enemy did not come. On the night of the 13th we moved from Tilton to Resaca. On the 14th we were thrown into line, and participated in the advance against the enemy on the 14th and 15th instant. The regiment was unable to preserve a good line in the advance of both days, on account of the thick woodland through which it had to pass. On the night of the 15th the command left Resaca, reaching Calhoun on the 16th. On the 17th we moved to Adairsville, and were again thrown into line of battle. On the 18th we moved from Adairsville to Manassa [Cassville], where, on the 19th, we were again placed in line. On the 20th the command crossed the Etowah River, and was posted about half a mile below the railroad bridge, to support a section of battery. On the 21st we were relieved, and moved to camp among the Etowah hills. On the 24th we again commenced the southward move. On the 25th we reached New Hope Church, where, from 5.30 p.m. until dark, we had a sharp engagement with the enemy. Since then we have been in the vicinity of the church.

Our loss during these operations has been as follows: Killed, 7; wounded, 36; missing, 43. Total, 86.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. DOBBS,

Captain, Commanding Fortieth Georgia Regiment.

Captain JOHN P. C. WHITEHEAD, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

