
Numbers 659.

Report of Major Mark S. Nall, Forty-first Georgia Infantry, of operations May 7-25.

FORTY-FIRST GEORGIA REGIMENT,

In the Field, May 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from brigade headquarters to-day, I have the honor to make the following report:

My regiment was ordered on the line at Mill Creek Gap, near Dalton, 7th instant, where it remained until Thursday night (12th); was not engaged with the enemy, except slight skirmishing. Had 1 officer and 1 private wounded on the 10th; 1 man missing since date of the 12th. At Resaca, on the 14th instant, was in a successful charge against the lines of the enemy, and assisted in driving him back one mile and a half or two miles with no loss. Sunday evening (15th) made a charge against the enemy's lines and was repulsed, with a loss of 4 men killed and 29 wounded; 8 missing. Three of the companies from the extreme right wing of the regiment were, under Captain Stallings, skirmishing at the time of this charge. The remainder of the right wing, arriving in the field before the remainder of the regiment, was repulsed by a heavy fire from behind the enemy's works. The left of the regiment was also repulsed on its appearance in the field. At this time General Baker's brigade was ordered forward, and I rallied my regiment in the field near the railroad, and took position at once behind the breast-works at the position from which we advanced. The night of the 15th instant I left Resaca, and was not engaged with the enemy again until Wednesday, the 25th instant, at New Hope Church, where the enemy attempted to carry our lines by charging them, and was handsomely repulsed.

My loss in this engagement was 1 officer and 4 privates killed; wounded, 55 men, most of them slightly.

In this engagement the company officers, and men behaved with considerable gallantry, being exposed to the fire of the enemy for two hours, many of them without any protection whatever, and the others with very inefficient breast-works.

M. S. NALL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN P. C. WHITEHEAD, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 660.

Report of Captain Lovick P. Thomas, Forty-second Georgia Infantry, of operations May 14-25.

CAMP FORTY-SECOND GEORGIA,

May 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders of this date from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the following:

This regiment was engaged in battle at Resaca on the 15th [14th] and 16th [15th] of May in conjunction with other regiments composing Stovall's brigade, and was led in a charge on the 16th [15th]

