
on the enemy's works very gallantly by our colonel (R. J. Henderson), who was wounded, and commanded the regiment at the time. Major Hulsey, who was conspicuous for his good demeanor on the occasion, being also wounded, the command devolved upon myself. In this affair the officers and men behaved, without an exception, with becoming bravery, an evidence of which is to be found in the number of killed, wounded, and missing in one charge, amounting to over 100 men. After being rallied again in our works the men showed a determination and eagerness for the contest seldom evinced by veterans after suffering so greatly. Acting Adjutant Griffin is deserving of mention in this connection for his fearless discharge of duty in assisting in rallying the men.

On the 25th instant we were again engaged at New Hope Church. In this engagement our loss was not so great, amounting to only 2 killed, 20 wounded, and 3 missing. In this fight, as on all other occasions, whether in battle or skirmish, the entire command behaved well. Captain Summers, who was actively engaged in skirmishing with the enemy, and who stubbornly contested every inch of ground, was spoken of in high terms of praise, as was also every officer and man under him. This fight lasted over two hours in an open woods without the slightest protection of breast-works of any kind, and although confronted by overwhelming numbers, not a man was seen to waver. Our comparatively small loss can only be accounted for in the fact of the great surprise of the enemy in meeting this force there and the stubborn resistance of our men, causing, when our first volley was given, great confusion among them, and was followed on their part by very wild shooting. But in the justice of our cause and in the protection of an overruling Providence, in meeting this assault and driving them back discomfited, is the greater reason.

Adjutant Wylie on this occasion assisted me greatly in discharge of duties, exposing himself constantly on different portions of the line; and before closing this report I must return my thanks to Captain Whitehead, Lieutenants Cahal and Dearing, of General Stovall's staff, who were constantly moving among us in the different engagements and on the march, going where duty called them and often where the fighting was severe, amid showers of bullets and shell, encouraging to deeds of daring and glory.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. THOMAS,

Captain, Commanding Forty-second Georgia Regiment.

Captain J. P. C. WHITEHEAD, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 661.

Report of Major William C. Lester, Forty-third Georgia Infantry, of operations May 1-30.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-THIRD GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,May 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following particulars of the operations of this regiment since its quitting winter quarters and entering upon active field duty on the 1st instant:

On the morning of the 1st of May we left camp two miles above Dalton to enter upon duty at Dalton, Ga. We remained there un-

