
molested on duty until the afternoon of the 8th instant, when the enemy attempted to force a passage through Dug Hollow Gap, some four miles west of Dalton. This regiment, with the Eighth Mississippi Infantry, was immediately placed under command of Colonel B. J. Hill (provost-marshal-general) as brigade commander, and moved rapidly to Dug Hollow Gap, arriving at the gap near night-fall. We took position on the extreme left the line, being there placed under command of Brigadier-General Granbury, of Major-General Cleburne's division, Hardee's corps. The regiment remained there in position until 9 a. m. 9th instant, during the night erecting a line of strong stone fortifications.

On the morning of the 9th instant we returned to Dalton, and on the afternoon of the same day moved out on the Resaca road one mile from Dalton, and took position in battle line to protect Dalton from an attack from the enemy's cavalry. Remained there until 12 m. 10th instant, when we returned to Dalton and resumed our duties at the post, where we remained until the morning of the 13th instant.

On the night of the 12th instant this regiment assisted in removing the Government stores from Dalton, and at daylight on the morning of the 13th instant we took up the line of march for Resaca, where we arrived in the afternoon of the same day. On the night of the 13th instant we moved two miles up the State road,toward Tilton, joined the brigade, from which we had been separated since the 1st instant, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 14th we took up position on the right of the State railroad in the second line. About 4 o'clock on the same day Hood's corps was put in motion, Stovall's brigade, of which this regiment formed the left center, occupying the extreme right of the second line. The movements of Stovall's brigade were rapid, and just after sunset we took position on the extreme right of the second line under a vigorous fire of shell and canister from the enemy's artillery, only a few hundred yards in front. Night very soon closed the scene, the enemy rapidly retiring. The movement of Hood's corps had been a left wheel, the left remaining fixed, and right advancing two or three miles. At night the entire line occupied a position on the left and parallel to the railroad. This regiment conducted itself with gallantry under the enemy's fire, losing 1 killed and 4 wounded. During the night we retired to our original position on the right of the railroad. We remained in our original position until 4 p. m. the 15th instant, when our position was advanced some 500 or 600 yards, and three companies (A, F, and D) of this regiment were deployed in front as skirmishers, under the command of Captain Stallings, of the Forty-first Georgia. Very soon after 4 p. m. the line all advanced by a left wheel and engaged the enemy in a strongly intrenched position, this brigade occupying the right of the first line. The attack was vigorous, but we failed to carry enemy's works, and retired to the works in good order and under proper command. The men acquitted themselves with gallantry, and the regiment sustained a loss of 3 killed, 23 wounded, and 7 missing. The three companies deployed as skirmishers were not engaged. We remained in position until near 12 o'clock on the night of the 15th instant, when the line gave way on the left of our position, and we were forced to retire some 500 or 600 yards, when a new line was established, which we held until near 3 a.m. 16th instant, when we retired in perfect order, crossing the Resaca bridge

