
near daylight. The three companies deployed as skirmishers were left exposed, but perceiving that the line had given way, they retired in good order and succeeded in crossing the bridge in safety.

On the 16th we marched to near Calhoun; on the 17th we marched to Adairsville; on the 18th we marched to Cassville, and on the 19th we marched to Etowah bridge and crossed over to the east side, where we remained until the afternoon of the 24th, when we marched in the direction of Dallas, arriving at New Hope Church, four miles southeast of Dallas, at 12 m. 25th instant. We immediately formed line of battle, and at 5 p. m. enemy advanced in heavy force and the battle at once commenced. Time after time the enemy advanced to the assault, but each time to meet defeat. Night closed the scene, with the complete repulse of the enemy.

This regiment did its duty gallantly, every man standing to his post firmly. Both officers and men acquitted themselves nobly. We expended forty rounds of cartridges, and lost in killed 1, in wounded 22, and missing none.

We threw up fortifications at night, and remained in our position on the front line until the morning of the 28th, when we retired to the line of reserve.

During our stay in the works, from the 25th to the 28th, we lost in wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters our gallant lieutenant-colonel, H. C. Kellogg, and 6 men.

Since the 28th nothing of importance has transpired with the regiment.

Very respectfully submitted.

W. C. LESTER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. C. WHITEHEAD, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 662.

Report of Captain Rufus R. Asburg, Fifty-second Georgia Infantry, of operations May 15-25.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLS.,In the Field, near New Hope Church,

Paulding County, Ga., May 29, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the late actions in which this command has been engaged:

Detachments from the regiments were engaged in the skirmishing at Rocky Face. One man wounded slightly by a piece of shell.

In the fight at Resaca Sunday evening, May 15, we were in the front line and were actively engaged in the fight. Aided in making the assault upon the enemy, driving them to their fortifications, when, finding them in strong force, we were compelled to retire.

Our loss was 2 killed, 23 wounded, 3 missing. Officers and men all performed their duty nobly, advancing to within sixty yards of their fortifications, which position they held for some time.

I cannot omit to make special mention of the coolness and bravery displayed by Sergt. William M. Murray, the color-bearer. He could always be seen in advance leading the charge. The action continued about one hour.

