
May 25, in the fight at New Hope Church, Paulding County, Ga., we were actively engaged with the enemy for about two hours, fighting upon the open ground, holding our position during the day, repulsing every assault upon our lines. All, both officers and men, never performed their duty better. They exhibited by their coolness and bravery that they were determined to teach the invader that they were fighting freemen, who knew their rights and would dare maintain them.

Our loss was 17 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

R. R. ASBURY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. C. WHITEHEAD, JR., Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 663.

Report of Brigadier General Henry D. Clayton, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 7-27.
HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S BRIGADE,Near New Hope Church, May 29, 1864.

MAJOR: The following report of the part taken by this brigade in the several engagements from the 7th to the 25th [27th] of May, 1864, inclusive, is respectfully submitted:

Being in winter quarters in Crow's Valley, near Dalton, Ga., early in the day on the 7th of May I received orders to hold my brigade in readiness for action. At 9 a.m. I took position with two regiments on Rocky Face Mountain, placing the other two in the railroad (or Mill Creek) gap, on the left. At 11 a. m. this brigade, with the balance of the division, was ordered to take position in front of the gap for the purpose of developing the enemy. The enemy, now appearing on Tunnel Hill Ridge, opened upon my line with artillery, which was continued at irregular intervals until night. At 10 p. m. the brigade was withdraw to its original position on the mountain and in the gap.

On the evening of the 8th Colonel Lankford, commanding Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment, occupying the rifle-pits on the south side of the mountain, extending toward the railroad, was repeatedly and vigorously assaulted by the enemy. The Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment (Colonel Gwynne), of Wright's brigade, having been sent to his support, the enemy was handsomely repulsed wit considerable loss. In these repeated and protracted engagements both regiments behaved well.

Near the close of these engagements, learning that the ammunition of the two regiments named was nearly exhausted, I ordered Colonel Woodruff to take his regiment (the Thirty-sixth Alabama) to their support. This he did promptly, though events showed it was unnecessary. The enemy made frequent demonstration at various points along my line, but were promptly repulsed, each time with a loss far greater than that inflicted upon my command.

With various but immaterial changes the brigade retained its position until 8.20 p. m. on the 12th, when it was withdrawn, leaving a line of pickets, and took up the march toward Resaca.

Early on the morning of the 14th the brigade went into line of battle near Resaca on the left of the division and connecting with Stevenson's division. At 6 p. m. the brigade, moving by the right

