
Numbers 665.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter F. Hunley, Eighteenth Alabama Infantry, of operations May 7-27.

BIVOUAC EIGHTEENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,

June 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to order from brigade headquarters, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighteenth Alabama Regiment in the several engagements since the 7th of May, 1864:

On Rocky Face Mountain the regiment was engaged from the 7th to the 12th, inclusive. Regiment's loss was 2 killed, 4 wounded, and 7 missing. Regiment left Rocky Face Mountain the night of the 12th and arrived at Resaca the evening of the 13th. On the 14th we commenced intrenching. Regiment was engaged a part of the 14th and 15th in advancing our lines. Regiment's loss, 1 officer and 5 men killed, 41 wounded, and 27 missing. Regiment left the night of the 15th and arrived at Cassville the evening of the 17th. On the 18th three companies were sent out as skirmishers. They were engaged about one hour, when they retired. Loss, 33 men missing. Regiment left Cassville the night of the 18th and arrived at New Hope Church the evening of the 25th, and was engaged for two hours and a half. Loss, 4 officers, wounded, 4 men killed, 43 wounded, and 2 missing. Regiment was under fire from sharpshooters and artillery during the 27th. Loss, 1 officer wounded, 2 men killed, and 4 wounded.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. HUNLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Alabama Regiment.

Lieutenant E. Q. THORNTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Clayton's Brigade.

Numbers 666.

Report of Captain James A. Wemyss, Thirty-sixth Alabama Infantry, of operations May 7-28.

BIVOUAC, June -, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and casualties of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Alabama Infantry at Rocky Face Mountain, Resaca, and New Hope Church:

May 7, being in winter quarters in Crow's Valley, received marching orders at 7 o'clock, and at 9 o'clock went into position behind breast-works on Mill Creek Gap ridge; thence forward a mile into line of battle, which at 4 p.m. was changed to the right. At 12 o'clock at night retired to Rocky Face Mountain, strengthened our breast-works, and remained under fire during the day of the 9th of May until 6 p.m., when we received orders to relieve the Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment, then hotly engaged in the rifle-pits in front; moved under a raking fire; relieved the Thirty-eighth Ala-

