
mained in line of battle until about 8 p.m. of the 7th, when they were ordered to withdraw and return to the intrenchments. The thirty-eighth Alabama was put into position in the rifle-pits at the foot of Rocky Face and the right of Mill Creek Gap.

About 2 p.m. of the 8th the two companies of skirmishers were relieved and rejoined the regiment in the rifle-pits, and about 5 o'clock that evening the enemy advanced in heavy force, driving in our pickets before them, commencing a heavy skirmish with the Thirty-eighth Alabama, which was kept up almost continually until 5 p.m. of the 9th, when the enemy advanced in very heavy force and made a desperate effort to drive us from the pits, which was handsomely an signally repulsed, inflicting heavy loss on the enemy. About 12 o'clock that night the Thirty-eighth Alabama was relieved and was marched to General Clayton's winter headquarters, where we rested until daylight Tuesday morning, the 10th, when it was moved on Rocky Face and rejoined the brigade, where we remained, skirmishing almost continually with the enemy until about 11 o'clock Thursday night, the 12th, when we were ordered to withdraw from Rocky Face, and took up line of march in the direction of Resaca.

The Thirty-eighth Alabama lost in the engagement at Rocky Face and vicinity 1 officer wounded, 1 non-commissioned officer killed and 4 wounded, 1 private killed, 10 wounded, and three missing; total, 2 killed, 15 wounded, and 3 missing. Total, 20.

After leaving Rocky Face the Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment, Colonel A. R. Lankford commanding, with the brigade, was marched through Dalton and via Tilton to Resaca, where it arrived about 6 p.m. Friday, the 13th.

Ealry Saturday morning, the 14th, line of battle was formed on the left and near the railroad in front of Resaca. Two companies (B and I) from the Thirty-eighth were thrown forward as skirmishers. As soon as the line was established the troops commenced throwing up rude breast-works of logs, rails, and such things as could be picked up in the woods near them, remaining there until about 5 p.m., when the command was ordered to move forward and charge the enemy's lines, which was handsomely and successfully done, driving the enemy in confusion before us until our advance was checked by darkness. During the night we were ordered to fall back to our original position behind our breast-works.

Early next morning (Sunday, the 15th) we were moved forward several hundred yards and formed a new line, where we hastily threw up rude but secure breast-works. The portion of the line occupied by the Thirty-eighth Alabama was in an open field, which continued open in our front beyond the lines of the enemy, who had advanced in very heavy force, being in three heavy lines of battle and about 500 yards in front of us. About 5 p.m. of the 15th we were ordered to leave our works and charge the enemy's lines. Notwithstanding the almost utter impossibility of success, apparent to every one, the order was promptly obeyed, and the Thirty-eighth Alabama moved gallantly forward for about 300 yards under a very heavy fire of both musketry and artillery, when it became exposed to a very heavy enfilading fire from both flanks in addition to the heavy fire from the front, when the regiment fell back to its position behind our works. During this charge the color-bearer (Sergeant Pate) of Company I was wounded, when color-corporal of Company A took the colors. Soon he was

