
wounded, when Sergeant Sheffield, of Company B, took them up, and had hardly done so when he, too, was wounded, when our gallant and brave colonel (A. R. Lankford) took them up and bore them forward until he was captured by the enemy, they deeming him too brave to be shot, as has been stated by some prisoners that we have since captured.

The Thirty-eighth Alabama lost in the engagements at Resaca as follows: 6 officers wounded, 1 officer (Colonel Lankford) captured, 10 non-commissioned officers wounded, 2 non-commissioned officers missing, 7 privates killed, 37 privates wounded, and 27 privates missing; total, 7 killed, 53 wounded, and 30 missing. Total loss, 90.

About 9 p.m. of the 15th the Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment, Captain G. W. Welch commanding (he being the senior captain present), with the brigade, was ordered to withdraw, and was marched in the direction of Adairsville, arriving there about 12 m. of the 17th, where we rested a few hours, when heavy skirmishing was heard in front, when the regiment and brigade was formed into line of battle a little to the east of Adairsville, where it remained until about 1 a.m. of the 18th, when we resumed line of march in the direction of Cassville, arriving there about 12 m. that day, and bivouacked to the west of that place, where we remained until Thursday morning, the 19th, when we moved into several positions during the day and night until about 1 a.m. of Friday, the 20th, when we again resumed line of march in the direction of Cartersville and Etowah Station, passing through Cartersville and arriving at Etowah Station about 11 a. m. of the 20th. Crossed over the river on the railroad bridge and camped near there that night.

At daylight next morning, the 21st, we resumed march, and halted about 10 o'clock that day near Allatoona Station, remaining there until the morning of the 23d, when the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered on picket near Etowah bridge, where we remained until about 9 o'clock of the 24th, when we were relieved and ordered to join our division that night at or near the dwelling of Mr. Nichols, on the Dallas road, where we arrived about 6 p.m. of the 24th.

Early on the morning of the 25th resumed march in the direction of Dallas, and about 1 p.m. that day, when near New Hope Church, heavy skirmishing was heard on our right. The Thirty-eighth Alabama, with the brigade and division, was immediately formed into line of battle and hastily threw up some rude breast-works of logs, &amp;c. About 5 p.m. the enemy advanced to within about 100 yards of our works in very heavy force, when we opened our fire on them, and a heavy engagement was kept up until about 1 a.m. Friday, the 27th, when the Thirty-eighth Alabama was relieved. During this engagement several fresh lines of the enemy were brought forward, but all were repulsed, as the first had been, evidently sustaining heavy loss.

The Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment lost in the engagement at New Hope Church as follows: 2 officers wounded, 3 non-commissioned officers wounded, 3 privates killed, 15 privates wounded, 1 private missing; total, 3 killed, 20 wounded, 1 missing. Total loss, 24.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. WELCH,

Captain Co. B, Commanding Thirty-eighth Regiment Alabama Vols.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

