
Lieutenants Pace and Stalker were wounded, and fell into the hands of the enemy. Lieutenant John H. Jones was unhurt in the fight, but was captured subsequently while endeavoring to have our wounded brought off the field.

On the morning of the 25th instant, while the brigade was halted near New Hope Church, my regiment was detached from the brigade, and I received orders to advance westwardly along a road which was indicated to me by Lieutenant Mathes of General Stewart's staff. After advancing a short distance, while halting to have a company of skirmishers deployed in my front, I was notified that my flanks would be protected by cavalry. Colonel Cunningham, of General Hood's staff, told me that General Hood wished me to advance along that road and drive the enemy back; that they were only mounted infantry and in small force. I am not positive whether this information was given by Lieutenant Mathes or Colonel Cunningham, but it was stated to me by one of them as from General Hood. In obedience to this order from General Hood I moved steadily forward, under a very light skirmish fire, for nearly a mile. Arrived at this point, the skirmishers of the enemy made a stubborn resistance. I halted my regiment, as the cavalry were driven back, uncovering my left flank, until Austin's battalion was deployed on my left. I received during this time several messages from Colonel Jones, commanding cavalry, that the enemy were advancing in line of battle and flanking me on the left. I requested Lieutenant Mathes to inform General Stewart that the enemy were in heavy force in my front, and that I had [advanced] as far as practicable with my force, then only 250 men. An officer of General Hood's staff (a major) then rode up and read to me the written instructions of General Hood to the officers in front to press vigorously forward make the enemy develop their strength, and then to hold the position. I was satisfied that the force advancing on me in line of battle was largely disproportionate to my own, and that I could make but a feeble resistance. My skirmishers were driven slowly back, they contesting the ground bravely. Austin's skirmishers were driven back from my left, when I ordered my regiment to charge the advancing line of the enemy. The charge was made with spirit and vigor, and broke the regiment in my front. As I ordered the charge Austin's skirmishers, who had been driven back about fifty yards, rallied and returned to the charge, but they were again soon repulsed. My regiment held a good position on the crest of a small hill, and poured a very heavy fire into the enemy for ten or fifteen minutes; but one regiment of the enemy that overlapped my right pressed forward, enfilading my right, as did also the line of battle extending several hundred yards beyond my left. I ordered a retreat, barely in time to escape the capture of the entire regiment; but the losses in killed, wounded, and missing were again very heavy, being equal to the average losses of a heavy battle. Retreating in the best order practicable, I had most of my wounded brought off the field, and kept my command intact.

Lieutenant J. G. Goldhwait was wounded in the wrist, and Captain G. W. Cox had his left thigh broken. Both behaved with distinguished gallantry. Lieutenant Mills was slightly wounded in the leg. I did not observe his bearing.

I had advanced as far as I deemed practicable, and would have retired without engaging the enemy's line of battle if I had not re-

