
ceived written and positive orders to hold my position. I thought the best means of holding it was to meet an attack by a counter attack.

As upon all former occasions, I report that my command behaved with rare and exemplary gallantry; that they charged with the courage of a forlorn hope and held their ground until ordered to retreat, and I believe that if I had resisted a few minutes longer my entire regiment would have been captured.

I reported in person to General Stewart immediately afterward my opinion as to the force and position of the enemy. I was ordered to report temporarily to General Gibson, and made a second advance over a part of the same ground without an engagement. Subsequently, about 4 p.m., I was ordered to report back to General Clayton, and was placed in reserve in rear of his line of breast-works. The engagement of my regiment with the enemy occurred between 11 and 12 a.m.

Lieutenant Curry and Captain Avirett were wounded by stray balls while in reserve late in the evening.

At daylight on the morning of the 26th I relieved the Eighteenth Alabama at the trenches, and was relieved in turn by the same regiment at daylight the next morning. I lost 3 killed and 5 wounded during the time by sharpshooters.

I herewith append the estimate of the strength of my command at the beginning and end of these engagement, and of the losses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BUSH. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. M. MACON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties.

Date	 Effective	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

 strength

May 15	 345	 15	 54	 32

May 25	 225	 3	 36	 22

Total	 ..........	 18	 90	 54

Of these in the battle of Resaca and the preceding skirmishes the casualties in officers were as follows, to wit: 2 wounded, 5 missing; at New Hope Church and the skirmishes since the 15th-officers, 5 wounded; but they are included in the above report.

BUSH. JONES,

Colonel.

Numbers 669.

Report of Brigadier General Alpheus Baker, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 7-June 2.
HEADQUARTERS BAKER'S BRIGADE,Near New Hope Church, Paulding County, Ga., June 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of this army since the appearance of the enemy before us at Dalton on the 7th ultimo:

On 7th ultimo took possession in the breast-works on Rocky Face Mountain, south of the Western and Atlantic Railroad, and skir-

