
One shell struck the top of my works and fell over and exploded, killing and wounding 4 men. Finding that the enemy had gotten range of my line, I ordered my men to sharpshoot the battery, which was about 300 paces distant. After considerable firing I discovered that the aim of the enemy was not disturbed, although my men fired with a great deal of deliberation. Having only Austrian rifles in my command, I went to General Baker and asked for twenty men with Enfield rifles. These were sent me. In a few minutes the fire of the enemy was evidently agitated, as his missiles struck large trees immediately in front of his guns or passed high above our heads. The fight lasted until nearly night, when the enemy ceased to fire. Although my men were subjected to a most terrible fire, had their works riddled by solid shot and shell, and had grape and canister poured through the breaches they had made, while many of them fell dead or frightfully wounded, and this at the hands of the enemy whom they could not reach, yet they gave no signs of wavering, and only two left their post unhurt. Almost all the suffering was sustained by four small companies, which did not number in the aggregate more than 100 men. My loss in this unequal contest was 56 men killed and wounded. Three men had their heads carried away, 1 had his right shoulder torn off, 1 had both hands carried away, and many had painful wounds in the head, and scarcely any man in the left wing of my regiment escaped unhurt.

My losses have been since the 7th of May 109 officers and men killed and wounded and missing; at Resaca, 4 killed, 33 wounded, and 6 missing, some of the latter known to be captured. The other 2 were lost on the march from Resaca and were not able to march.

My loss at New Hope Church, 25th and 27th of May, was 9 killed and 53 wounded. I have had 2 and 3 men killed and wounded at a time in different skirmishes since the 7th on May.

My total loss is as follows: Killed, 15; wounded, 86; missing, 8. The conduct of all my officers and almost all my men has been admirable in battle and on the weary march since the 7th of May.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

ALEX. A. GREENE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 671.

Report of Colonel John H. Higley, Fortieth Alabama Infantry, of operations May 7-27.
HEADQUARTERS FORTIETH ALABAMA,May 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late actions, commencing with May 7 and ending May 27, inclusive:

May 7, formed line of battle at 9 a.m. left of Mill Creek Gap. May 8, skirmished with the enemy (50 men under command of Captain E. Marsh, 100 under command of Captain E. D. Willett) until compelled to fall back by the giving way of the right. One man killed. May 9, moved to position on the right of railroad adjacent

54 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

