
to Rocky Face Mountain. May 11, skirmished with enemy in front of Rocky Face Mountain from 3 a.m. till 7 p.m. He made an assault on my regiment at 6 p.m., which was easily repulsed. Loss-Captain Marsh and 2 privates killed; Lieutenant J. C. Moore and 4 privates wounded. Total loss up to May 12, 4 killed and 5 wounded.

May 12, at 10 p.m., took up line of march for Resaca. May 14, formed line of battle at Resaca about 10 a.m., right of regiment resting near Oostenaula River. At 5 p.m. moved forward one mile and a half, drove the enemy back, and held the position till 12 m., at which time I returned to my position in line. Loss during the day, 3 enlisted men wounded, 3 missing (1 missing supposed to be killed).

May 15, at 8 a.m. moved forward, formed a line of battle parallel and near to railroad, then retired and built breast-works on the ridge 150 yards in front of former position. At 4.30 p.m. moved to the support of Stovall's brigade, charged the enemy, and retained our position in a strip of thinly timbered woods beyond the railroad, but ordered to retire. From misapprehension of this order this movement was executed in some confusion, but with the help of my officers I succeeded in rallying the majority of my command, which I reformed on the railroad. There I remained until General Maney retired, when I received orders to fall back to the breast-works. During the heaviest firing my color bearer, Sergt. P. S. Gilder, was killed several paces in front of the command. When the first order to retire was received the colors were left on the field. Adjutant Ellerbee, Lieutenant Knighton, Company F, and acting Lieutenant Peteet, Company A, volunteered to return to the battle-field and regain the colors, which they did under a heavy fire. I beg leave to call attention to the conduct of Sergt. William M. Murray, color-bearer Fifty-second Georgia Regiment, who remained on the field with his colors striving to rally any troops that might have become disorganized, irrespective of command, acting with the utmost coolness and gallantry after his brigade had retired. His conduct was such as to elicit praise from all, and his name and command were inquired for and taken down by many officers and men of my regiment. Loss in this charge 5 killed, 34 wounded; total, 39.

May 25 (Wednesday), formed line at noon two miles and a half from Dallas. At 5.30 p.m. charge attempted by enemy and repulsed. Loss, 5 killed and 9 wounded; total, 14. May 26 and 27, skirmishing with the enemy. Loss, 3 killed and 9 wounded.

I commenced the campaign, May 7, with 416 effective men. This number on the 12th had been reduced to 398, on May 25 to 346, and at present I number 326 effective men.

My total loss has been-killed, 17; wounded, 60; missing, 3; aggregate, 80.

The conduct of men and officers on all occasions was cool, brave, and praiseworthy, and all seemed to emulate each other in the prompt and cheerful discharge to their onerous duties.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. HIGLEY,

Colonel Fortieth Alabama Regiment.

Captain JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

