
erested breast-works out of logs, which protected them from the fire of sharpshooters. On the 26th Lieutenant-Colonel Lanier was severely wounded in the leg and disabled. I then assumed command of the regiment. On the 27th the enemy commenced a very heavy fire upon the part of the line occupied by the Thirty-seventh Alabama. Two companies of my regiment were sent to re-enforce Colonel Greene. Only 2 men were disabled out of Company D. On the 28th about daylight we were relieved in the ditches and sent farther to the right. On the 29th we went into line and erected very strong works on the crest of a hill. On the 30th Captain G. H. Gray, of Company H, and Captain T. C. Mitchell, of Company D, were severely wounded.

The loss of the regiment since 7th of May is as follows; 8 officers wounded, 2 men killed, 35 wounded, and 14 missing; total, 59.

W. D. McNEILL,

Captain, Commanding Forty-second Alabama Regiment.

[Captain JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 673.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John A. Minter, Fifty-fourth Alabama Infantry, of operations May 7-June 2.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FOURTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,June 2, 1864.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifty-fourth Alabama Regiment in the several engagements from May 7 up to the present date:

Ordered in line of battle May 17. Remained in line of battle with the brigade until Monday, the 9th, then ordered to the rifle-pits in front of our works. About 4 p. m. of the same day the enemy commenced an attack on the works we were ordered to hold. Three charges made by the enemy before dark; each repulsed with a loss, in my opinion, to the enemy of not less than 50 killed and wounded. The loss in my command was, 1 killed in detached company of the Thirty-seventh Alabama Regiment, 1 severely and 2 slightly wounded in my regiment. Relieved at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 10th. Ordered to occupy the ditches again on the morning of the 11th. Slight skirmishing during the day and no casualties in my regiment. Relieved again on the morning of the 12th.

About 8 o'clock on the night of the 12th orders received to be ready to move at a moment's notice. Marched the remainder of the night; all next day, arriving at or near Resaca on the evening of the 13th at 6 o'clock, distance being about seventeen miles. Remained in line of battle during the night. Next morning moved down the railroad about two miles; threw up temporal works. About 5 p. m. on the 14th ordered in front of the breast-works. After marching about half a mile encountered the enemy's skirmishers. A charge was ordered immediately. We drove the enemy back nearly two miles, with a loss of 1 man wounded and 1 missing. Made a halt and remained in line of battle until 10 o'clock at night, then ordered to reoccupy our former position at the works. Next morning ordered to the front again; threw up temporary breast-

