
works on the railroad half a mile in front of the old ones. About 4 p. m. on the 15th our skirmishers were driven in by the enemy. We were then ordered in front of the works. Ordered to advance upon the enemy, which we did, driving them back a short distance, with a loss in my regiment of 4 killed, 1 missing (supposed to be killed), and 20 wounded. The engagement lasted about fifteen minutes, when we were ordered to reoccupy our works. At 9 o'clock at night ordered to move. Marched the remainder of the night, and next day (the 16th) marched about twelve miles and encamped. Next morning ordered to move. Arrived at Adairsville about 12 o'clock. Halted there for three hours. Ordered to take our position in line of battle in a field; threw up temporary breast-works, and moved about 12 o'clock at night. Marched the remainder of the night, arriving at Cassville at 12 o'clock on the 18th. Encamped at Cassville until the 19th. Ordered to the front about 1 a. m.; threw up breast-works. Left there about 1 o'clock at night [20th]; moved about five miles and halted for a few hours, then continued to march to the Etowah River, arriving at the Etowah about 10 o'clock of the 20th. Crossed the river and camped during the night until about 9 a. m. of the 21st. Ordered to move about two miles; camped and remained the 21st, 22d, and 23d. Left camp on the 23rd and marched to New Hope Church; camped near the church.

About 2 o'clock on the evening of the 24th the regiment was ordered to the front of the brigade as skirmishers. Driven in by the enemy about 6 p. m. [with] the loss of 1 man wounded and 1 missing. There being no position for the regiment to occupy in the trenches, were held unreserve in rear of the Forty-second Alabama Regiment. During the day (25th) the enemy made an attack on the Thirty-seventh Alabama Regiment, when my regiment was ordered to its support, the engagement lasting about two hours under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. My loss was 3 killed and 18 wounded. Relieved by Lieutenant-General Polk's command about 4 a. m. on the morning of the 26th. Ordered to the right in reserve; remained in camp during the night. We were then ordered to the right of New Hope Church about three miles, on the 27th. On the evening of the 28th threw up breast-works. One man killed in working on the 29th. Remained in the entrenches during the night. On the evening of the 30th, about 4 o'clock, ordered in front of the works with my regiment to ascertain the position of the enemy if possible. After throwing out skirmishers, advancing about 400 yards in front of the works, encountered the enemy's skirmishers. Drove them from their position about 300 yards, enemy losing 3 killed and, in my opinion, not less than 10 wounded. Finding that we were under an enfilading fire right and left retired about 100 yards; there remained until sundown, with a loss of 1 killed, 1 missing, 1 wounded and brought in. Relieved in the trenches next morning (31st of May) by General Clayton. Ordered behind the hill in reserve; remained one day and night; ordered to reoccupy the trenches again at dark on the evening of June 1-position we now hold.

In the fatiguing marches and the different engagements the men have borne up with cheerful fortitude, like men who are determined to defend their rights and their country.

In every engagement Private Joseph Powell, of Company H, and Private James F. Flevin, of Company C, highly distinguished themselves for their daring bravery and coolness. With much regret I have to report Joseph Powell wounded and captured while recon-

