
noitering the enemy's position on the evening of the 31st, and Private James F. Flevin severely wounded in the shoulder in the same engagement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. MINTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fourth Alabama Regiment, Baker's Brigadier

[Captain JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 674.

Reports of Brigadier General Randall L. Gibson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 7-25, July 28, and August 31.
HEADQUARTERS GIBSON'S BRIGADE,June 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my command has been engaged with the enemy in a way to speak of at three points during the recent operations. While in position on the left in Mill Creek Gap, my right resting at Redoubt Fisk, very near the railroad, and my left on Redoubt Winass, in which was posted Fenner's battery, and which position was assigned to me on the 7th of May, the enemy attacked us with strong lines of skirmishers, and shelled the line three or four times, but accomplished nothing.

The day before quitting Dalton my command was moved to the right of Steward's division upon Rocky Face Ridge, from which elevated point we soon discovered the enemy moving from our front to the left. After taking position at Resaca my command, with the balance of the division, charged the enemy's left flank. In the first charge I could not get up with the enemy, who was at a considerable distance from us when we started, and retired hastily before us as we advanced, shelling the woods through which we were approaching. In the second charge mine was the supporting line, and just as we discovered that the first line had already retired through the thick chaparral, and as we were about to charge the enemy-whose fire we were receiving but not returning, as I had been instructed that Clayton's brigade was ahead of me-I received orders to retire to the ravine from which we had moved.

On the movement from Resaca my own and Stovall's brigade (Colonel Johnson commanding) were assigned the duty of protecting the rear of our army. I had not yet formed my own line of battle when the enemy attacked our pickets and began to throw shot at our position. I was ordered to take command of both brigades, and throwing forward a very heavy line of skirmishers, was soon prepared to drive back the enemy should he attempt to make a night attack. This disposition continued until long after midnight, when Major-General Stewart, directed me to cross the bridge and move with the army, holding the command in readiness to repel any attack. The steadiness of both commands on this occasion I was especially pleased with. There was a confident tone pervading both officers and men that was an earnest of their resolution to perform the responsible duty devolving upon them to the fullest extent. The shelling had no effect,and every man seemed determined to drive back any line that might show itself.

