
At New Hope Church I was ordered while on the march (by Colonel E. R. Cunningham, of Lieutenant-General Hood's staff) to send out two regiments on the Pumpkin [Vine] Creek road to hold the enemy in check, who was reported to be advancing. I was soon ordered out with the brigade to develop him. I increased my skirmishers very heavily and advanced about a mile, driving the enemy's skirmishers with ease. My skirmishers were ordered to charge, which they did, chasing the enemy to his barricades and developing a strong position occupied by two lines of battle. A prisoner captured reported that he belonged to Geary's division, Hooker's corps, and that three divisions of that corps were close by. I was ordered to retire to the division of that corps were close by. I was ordered to retire to the division and to place my command in reserve. We had hardly taken post when the enemy advanced in great force, driving in my skirmishers and assailing with vigor our main lines. The battle lasted two hours, hotly and stubbornly contested, and resulted in the complete repulse of the enemy at all points. I have not witnessed a more gallant fight. He continues skirmish since, but shows no disposition to charge.

During those and some slighter operations from the 7th of May I have lost in killed, wounded, and missing, out of 889 enlisted men, 34 killed, 150 wounded, and 19 missing; out of 85 officers, 4 killed and 13 wounded.

Throughout the campaign I have invariably found both officers and men prompt, energetic, intelligent, and devoted to duty. Captain E. J. Blasco, Company B, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, was killed in the charge of Resaca. He was a modest, skillful, and brave young officer, who had served under me from the beginning of the war,and to whom I had become greatly attacked. Captain M. G. Pearson, Company H, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry; Lieutenant J. T. Craddock, Company B, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, and Lieutenant F. Hammond, Company C, Fourth Louisiana Battalion, fell at their posts. They were excellent officers. Lieutenant Colonel J. McEnery, commanding Fourth Louisiana Battalion, was severely wounded in the charge at Resaca; Major S. L. Bishop, commanding Twentieth Louisiana Infantry, lost his right arm in front of New Hope Church, and Major W. B. Scott, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry, his leg, and has since died of the wound. Major W. B. Scott laid aside his ministerial robes for the sword, and while he served the brigade as a parson he gave up his life defending his native land. He was a devout man, characterized by great strength of purpose, devotion to duty, and ardent love of country. His death will long be deplored by those who knew him well,and loved and esteemed him as a soldier, patriot, and Christian. Captain J. W. Stringfellow, Company A, First Louisiana Infantry, and Adjt. O. O. Cobb, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, were also severely wounded. These officers and those of the wounded whose names I have mentioned were among the very best in the brigade, and on this, as upon other fields, gave evidence of their skill and valor.

The bridge is composed of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana, Colonel J. C. Lewis, commanding; Nineteenth Louisiana, Colonel R. W. Turner; Thirteenth Louisiana; Lieutenant Colonel F. L. Campbell; Twentieth Louisiana, Major S. L. Bishop; First Louisiana Infantry, Major S. S. Batchelor; Fourth Louisiana Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel J. McEnery, and Austin's battalion of sharpshooters.

I have received the cordial co-operations of regimental commanders, whose good conduct deserves praise, but I desire to commend

