HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders I moved my command in position on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps, which was the extreme right of the army in the field, on the night and morning of the 27th and 28th instant, and during my advance in line of battle to a more desirable position, we were met by the rebel infantry from Hardee's and Lee's corps, who made a desperate and determined attack at 11.30 a. m. of the 28th. My lines were only protected by logs and rails hastily thrown in front of them. The first onset was received and checked at 11.30 a. m., and the battle commenced and lasted until about 3 o'clock in the evening. During that time six successive charges were made, which were six times gallantly repulsed, each time with fearful loss to the enemy. Laster in the evening my lines were several times assaulted vigorously, and each time with like result. The most of the fighting occurred on Generals Harrow's and Smith front, which formed the center and right of the command. The troops could not have displayed more courage nor greater determination not to yield. Had they shown less they would have been driven from their position. Brigadier-Generals Woods, Smith, and Harrow, division commanders, are entitled to equal credit for gallant conduct and skill in repelling the assault. My thanks are due to Major-Generals Blair and Dodge for sending me re-enforcements at a time when they were much needed. My losses were 50 killed, 439 wounded, and 73 missing; aggregate, 562. The division of General Harrow captured 5 battle-flags. There were about 1,500 or 2,000 muskets captured. One hundred and six prisoners were captured, not including 73 wounded, who have been removed to hospitals and are being taken care of by our surgeons. Five hundred and sixty-five rebels have been already buried, and about 200 yet supposed to be unburied. A large number were undoubtedly carried away during the night, as the enemy did not withdraw until nearly daylight. The enemy's loss could not have been, in my judgment, less that 6,000 or 7,000. A more detailed report will hereafter be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 20, 1864.

In forwarding the within report, I wish to express my high gratification with the conduct of the troops engaged. I never saw better conduct in battle. The general commanding the Fifteenth Army Corps, though ill and much worn, was indefatigable, and the success of the day is as much attributable to him as to any one man. His officers, and in fact all the officers of this army that commanded my observation, co-operated promptly and heartily with him.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

