
bearing arms and fourteen officers present. Left our breast-works on May 11 and took position on Rocky Face to the right of Clayton's brigade. On May 12, about 10 p. m., took up line of march for Resaca. Up to this time no casualties occurred in my command. May 14, formed line in rear of Clayton's brigade, on the right, at Resaca. At 5 p. m. we moved from our breast-works to the extreme right, with a view of flanking the enemy, whom Stevenson's division our division, though actually not engaged, halted and bivouacked for the night. Resumed our former position early in the morning.

On Sunday, May 15, after having been ordered out to support Brown's brigade, the regiment, following the brigade, was moved in the ravine opposite our intrenchments to prevent flanking and enfilading fires of the enemy, as well as to support Clayton's brigade against an anticipated attack. Toward 4 p. m., the enemy not having made his appearance, we were moved out with the rest of Stewart's division to make a reconnaissance in force, my regiment being in the second line. The enemy's skirmishers were soon driven in half-wheel, Clayton's and Stovall's brigades having fallen back, was brought in position, under heavy fire, on the crest of a hill about 150 yards from the enemy. Here, I regret to say, I lost Captain E. J. blasco, commanding Company A, one of the most gallant and meritorious officers of the regiment, together with 1 private killed and a sergeant severely wounded in the arm. The enemy's fire was not at first returned, as I was not aware the first line had given way. After remaining in position from twenty to thirty minutes we fell back under orders, after delivering a volley, and resumed our position in the rear of Clayton's brigade in the rear of the trenches. At 10 p. m. we began falling back, and finally, with Stovall's brigade, formed line of battle perpendicularly to the railroad bridge across the Ootenaula River. Here we were subjected to some shelling, which resulted in no casualties. Toward daylight we crossed the river in good order, falling back in the direction of Calhoun, under fire from the enemy's batteries.

The 16th and 17th of May were occupied in marching, and on the evening of the 18th bivouacked near Cassville. On the morning of the 19th formed on the right in line of battle on the Canton road, but toward evening reformed line to the rear about half a mile. Here we wee subjected to heavy shelling for a short time. On May 20, about 2 a. m., resumed our retreat toward the Etowah River. When at the bridge we were held in support to Hidman's division, acting rear guard to the army. About 2 p. m. crossed the river and bivouacked to the left of the railroad for the night. On May 21 we fell back a couple of miles and remained in bivouac until May 24, when we resumed our march toward Dallas. Wednesday, May 25, about 12 o'clock, we arrived at Pleasant Hill, where we were ordered immediately forward, preceded by a line of skirmishers, to fell the enemy's position. This having been accomplished, toward 4 p. m. we were withdrawn and placed in reserve in rear of Stovall's brigade, who very soon after became hotly engaged for peace of over two hours. My loss was here 2 slightly wounded. At night we were ordered to relieve the Forty-third Georgia Volunteers and put up breast-works. May 26 was spent in the trenches under heavy fire of sharpshooters. May 27, erected breast-works under severe

