
shelling and fire of small-arms 150 paces in rear of front line. May 28, moved toward the right. May 29, were drawn up in position and erected breast-works on the left of the brigade, forming the right of our lines.

I have at present 58 men present bearing arms, having lost 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 4 detailed for the infirmary corps, 7 sent to the rea sick, and 2 extra duty in the field, and the sergeant-major having turned in his guns to the ordnance train, and 13 officers present, 1 having been killed.

I am, very respectfully,

F. L. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. H. BEIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 678.

Report of Major John E. Austin, Fourteenth Louisiana Battalion Sharpshooters, of operations May 7-29.

IN LINE OF BATTLE,

On Little Pumpkin Vine Creek, May 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of my command, beginning on the 7th of May, 1864, at Mill Creek Gap, near Dalton, Ga.:

On the evening of the 7th, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Gibson, my command, together with the division provost guard, under command of Captain Benjamin Lane Posey, was deployed to the right of Mill Creek Gap, the right resting on the slope of Rocky Face Ridge, and the left resting upon an eminence running parallel with Rocky Face Ridge, the line facing almost north. The enemy developed a force in my immediate front early on the morning of the 8th, and commenced pushing forward his skirmishers at 9 a. m. This line of skirmishers assailed my line during the day till 2.30 p. m., when my command was relieved by a force from Brigadier-General Clayton's brigade. In each assault the enemy's skirmishers were repulsed.

At 3 p. m. the 7th instant I rejoined my brigade and [was] assigned a position in the work on the left of the railroad, and known as Fort Fisk. This work was on the extreme right of the works occupied by Gibson's brigade. In addition to the occupation of this fort, I was charged with the direction and superintendence of the line of skirmishers in front, and the protection of the upper dam on Mill Creek. I remained for two days in this position discharging the duties assigned me, when I was ordered with the brigade to the right of the railroad on the top of Rocky Face Ridge, and took position with my left resting on what in known as the Signal Station. On the night of the 12th I retired with the brigade through Dalton, in the direction of Resaca. Near this place, on the evening of the 15th instant, I was ordered forward with the brigade on the enemy's left flank as a support to General Clayton's brigade, which was to attack. Learning that General Clayton's line was in front, I advanced with the expectation of having it engaged very soon (as it

