
were driven in by our fire, and their officers in vain tried to urge them on. The line battle again charged us, and we retired slowly, fighting them back stubbornly. I have never seen men behave with greater courage and coolness. The enemy's line was again halted for adjustment, as the woods were thick and ground uneven, and skirmishers urged forward by command and oaths, but without effect. They were driven in as before. The line of battle again charged and pushed us back toward our works, into which we retired in front of Stewart's division before their overwhelming numbers.

In this skirmish the casualties were 26 killed and wounded out of 85 effective; 15 killed and wounded in my own command out of 45 effective.

I desire to call particular attention to the gallant conduct of my sergeant-major, Augustus O'Duhigg, at the time acting adjutant. He was dangerously wounded in the engagement at New Hope Church while acting in the most gallant manner, and his name should be inscribed upon the imperishable tablets of his country's history.

Of the officers I can speak in terms of greatest praise. Captain Lowd, commanding Company A, and Second Lieutenant John J. Greany, same company, are entitled to great credit for their services, devotion, and energy. First Lieutenant A. T. Martin, commanding Company B, wad distinguished by coolness and courage throughout. He had a large company and no one to assist him in managing it, yet never were men handled with greater skill and to better purpose. Among the enlisted men I desire specially to mention the name of Sergt. James Delaney and Privates John Hagan, Company B, and Richard Kieley and J. B. McGraw, Company A, for great gallant and noble example.

My casualties since May 8, 1864, to this [date] are 22 men killed and wounded, 1 man missing; total, 23 killed, wounded, and missing. Total effective at beginning of the campaign, 60 men.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

J. E. AUSTIN,

Major.

Captain GEORGE NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 679.

Report of Colonel Joseph C. Lewis, Twenty-fifth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Infantry, of operations May 7-28.
HDQRS. 16TH AND 25TH LOUISIANA REGIMENT,Near New Hope Church, May 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, having been ordered, with my regiment, to prepare for action on the morning of the 7th instant, I immediately ordered my command to fall in and take position on the right of the brigade on the ridge to the left of Mill Creek Gap, which position I held under a heavy fire of the enemy, losing, while in the trenches, 2 killed and 9 wounded.

