
On the evening of the 11th instant I was ordered to the top of Rocky Face Mountain, which position I held until the army fell back to Resaca.

On the 14th instant we were ordered to charge of enemy's left, and drove them back. Late at night we returned to the position occupied previous to the charge.

On the morning of the 15th instant we were ordered to the support of Brown's brigade, after which we again returned to our former works to support Clayton's brigade in a charge, and to my surprise found ourselves under a heavy fire of the enemy,and owing to my understanding I withheld the fire of my command, as I was satisfied that Clayton's brigade was in my front; but to my surprise, after remaining under fire for thirty minutes, was ordered back, bringing my command out in good order, and learned that Clayton's brigade had fallen back before we were fully under fire.

Our loss was 2 killed and 13 wounded. Among the latter were Adjutant Cobb and Assistant Surgeon Bass. I will take this opportunity of doing justice to Assistant Surgeon Bass to say that his praise. At 10 p. m. we left the works and moved to Resaca, to form a part of the rear guard. After the whole army had passed over the river I was ordered to fall in rear of Stovall's brigade, which I did. The operations of my command up to our arrival at New Hope Church consisted in bivouacking and marching.

On the 25th instant, after arriving at New Hope Church, we were ordered in line of battle, and moved to meet the enemy. Not meeting them, as was expected, I was left, with my command, as a support to the line of skirmishers under Major Austin, and remained there until driven in by a heavy line of battle of the enemy, compelling us to retire behind our lines with a loss of 6 wounded and 2 missing. Among the wounded was Sergeant-Major Bradford. I them formed on the right of the brigade. Owing to the fatigue of my men, permission was granted me to retire my men from under fire and rest them, which I did.

On the morning of the 26th instant, about 7 o'clock, I was ordered to relieve the Thirty-sixth Alabama Regiment, Clayton's brigade, at the trenches. Both officers and men behaved with great gallantry under a heavy fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. On moving up to the works we lost 4 wounded, 1 mortally, a noble young martyr, Lieutenant James T. Craddock, than whom a braver, truer, and more efficient officer never served his country.

We remained in the works until the night of the 27th, when we were relieved and returned to the reserve of the second line, and remained until the 28th, and then moved, with the rest of the brigade, toward the right, returning at night to a position not far from where we started in the morning.

Our loss from the 8th to the 28th instant,inclusive, has been 11 killed, 47 wounded, and 5 missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HUGH H. BEIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

