
Numbers 680.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hyder A. Kennedy, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry, of operations May 8-13.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH LOUISIANA REGIMENT,May 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Sunday, the 8th instant, I moved into the intrenchments on the left of Mill Creek Gap. The left of my regiment rested on the right of a company of the Fourth Louisiana Battalion, which was placed between my left and Fort Winans, my regiment extending along the works to right until it reached the left of the Twentieth Louisiana Regiment. I remained in this position until the evening of the 11th instant under tolerably heavy cannonading at intervals during the time, sending out detachments daily of thirty-five men, with one captain and one lieutenant, to occupy the redoubts in front of the works. I had 1 man killed and 2 wounded while occupying this position.

On the evening of the 11th instant I was ordered to the right, crossing Mill Creek to the brow of Rocky Face Mountain, my left resting on the right of the Fourth Louisiana Battalion, and my right resting on the left Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment. I remained in this position until the night of the 12th instant, when I moved in the direction of Resaca, reaching that vicinity on the evening of the 13th instant, at which time Colonel Turner, who had been on detached service with the military court of Lieutenant-General Hood's corps, reported and assumed command.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

HYDER A. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment.

Captain H. H. BEIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

List of casualties in the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment from May 8 to 13 inclusive.

Men.

 Killed.	 Wounded. 	 Missing.	 Total.

Company	 ...........	 1	 ...........	 1

B..

Company	 1	 ...........	 ...........	 1

C..

Company	 ...........	 1	 ...........	 1

E..

Company	 ...........	 ...........	 2	 2

G..

Total..	 1	 2	 2	 5

Very respectfully,

H. A. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

55 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

