
Numbers 681.

Report of Colonel Richard W. Turner, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry, of operations May 14-28.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH LOUISIANA REGIMENT,May 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I assumed command on the morning of the 14th instant while the regiments as lying in bivouac along the railroad in the vicinity of Resaca. From this position I moved down the railroad and formed into line of battle in rear of Clayton's brigade, the right of my regiment resting on the left of the Twentieth Louisiana Regiment, the left of my regiment overlapping the right of Reynolds' brigade, so that I had to place the left wing of my regiment in rear of the right wing. While lying in this position I suffered considerably from the musketry on the left. During the evening I moved to the right, forming line of battle near the bank of the river and moving forward in support of Clayton's brigade. During that night I moved back to the position occupied in the morning, and then bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 15th instant I was ordered forward to occupy a gap between Baker's and Clayton's brigades. While there I improved temporary works, and in a short while was relieved by a portion of Stovall's brigade, and then returned to the position which I had left in the morning. At about 12 m. I moved forward to the works which had been occupied by Clayton's brigade. Just after this I moved forward to the support of Reynolds' brigade. After arriving in supporting distance I was ordered to report to General Stevenson in order to relieve a regiment in Reynolds' brigade, which was supposed to be out of ammunition. He ordered me to report to Brigadier-General Reynolds, who ordered me to report to Brigadier-General Pettus, who ordered me to occupy a position on the left of his brigade, as he purposed charging the enemy, in order to bring out two pieces of Corput's battery, which was just in front of our works and had been abandoned in the morning. After remaining in this position for some time I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, when I moved into a hollow in front of the works which I left,and just in rear of General Clayton's brigade. From this position I was ordered forward to support General Clayton in making a charge upon the enemy. In moving forward, not understanding the exact direction which General Clayton had gone, I moved too far to the right to give General Clayton any material aid, and being advised that there was a line of battle of our men in front, and not seeing the line retire, I moved up in easy range of the enemy's musketry, and there remained under a severe fire fro some time, not firing a gun, under the impression that our line in front had not given way. Here I lost 2 killed and 16 wounded. At this moment I received an order to retire (which I did in the most perfect order) to the breast-works from which General Clayton had moved forward. Here I occupied a portion of the works which Clayton had occupied, he moving to the left to give room. I remained until 10 o'clock at night in this position, when I was ordered to follow Clayton's brigade left in front. I moved from this position to the railroad, where the cars were being loaded with the wounded. At this moment there was considerable firing along the lines, and the car that was receiving the wounded was being shelled. Here I

