
was formed into line on the right of the railroad, and remained in this position for a few minutes, when I was moved by the left flank to the left of the railroad and across the dirt road. Here I detached Captain Pearson's company to report to Major Austin as skirmishers. After remaining at this point until about 3 o'clock in the morning I moved by the right flank down the railroad, crossing the railroad bridge just before daylight.

On the morning of the 16th I took up the line of march rather in the direction of Calhoun, bivouacking at night about three mils from Calhoun. On the morning of the 17th the march was continued until we reached Adairsville. There I bivouacked for a few hours, when the enemy made a demonstration upon our right flank, when I was formed in line of battle and bivouacked in that position for the night. Before daylight on the morning of the 18th instant I was ordered to move off, right in front, continuing the march until we reached Manassas [Cassville]. There I bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 19th instant I was moved off by the right flank for a considerable distance to the right of Manassas [Cassville], and there formed into line of battle in rear of Baker's brigade, my right resting on the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment, my left on the Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment. I remained in this position until late in the evening of the same day, when the line was retired to the rear of Major-General Stevenson's division. In this position I remained until after midnight. On the morning of the 20th instant I moved from this position by the right flank to the rear of the Etowah River, where I bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 21st instant I moved back about three miles from the river, and there went into temporary camp until the 23rd instant, inclusive. On the morning of the 24th instant I moved from this temporary camp in the direction of Lost Mountain, bivouacking at night on Nichols' farm.

Early on the morning of the 25th instant the march was continued until I reached New Hope Church. At about 1 o'clock on this day the enemy made his appearance on our right flank, when I was immediately ordered to form into line of battle, my right resting on the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment, and my left resting on the Twentieth Louisiana Regiment. At this moment the brigade was ordered forward to the brow of a considerable eminence, to the right of the road along which we had been marching. At this moment I was ordered to detach a company that was commanded by a lieutenant. In obedience to said order I detailed Company B, commanded by Lieutenant J. E. Carroway, to report to Major Austin as skirmishers. This company lost 7 wounded during the evening. About this time I was ordered forward to develop the enemy, which being done I was ordered to retire to the rear of Stovall's brigade. After passing to the rear of Stovall's brigade I was formed along the road just to the right of New Hope Church. I remained in this position during the engagement that was fought by Clayton's and Stovall's brigades. Here I sustained some loss, being in range of the enemy's musketry. Just after the firing had ceased I was ordered up to the line that had been occupied by Stovall's brigade, relieving the same. During the night I threw up tolerably substantial breast-works. I remained in this position until the morning of the 28th instant, suffering considerable loss in men and officers.

