
erston, posted on the ridge east of the mountain, which up to this time had been masked, now opened furiously upon the enemy at short range, which, in conjunction with the galling fire kept up by the sharpshooters, caused him to reel and fall back in confusion, leaving many of his dead on the field. In less than two hours the enemy was repulsed with great slaughter along our entire front, and retreated in confusion, leaving a number of prisoners and many dead and wounded on the field. Yankee reports estimate their loss in our front between 2,500 and 3,000 in killed, wounded, and missing, which is a low estimate.

Herewith I inclose the reports of the gallant division commanders who contributed by their courage and ability in inflicting upon the enemy so disastrous a defeat.

The officers and men of the command acted on this occasion as they have done throughout this terrible campaign, as brave men, and it is gratifying to know that the best troops in the Yankee army were selected to make the attack, and were beaten by them with but small loss to our command.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding Army of Mississippi.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

Consolidated return of the losses in the Army of Mississippi on June 27, 1864, in front of Marietta, Ga.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command	 Officer	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.

.	 s.	 	 s.	 	 s.

Loring'	 .......	 8	 2	 11	 .......	 1

s

divisio

n..

French'	 .......	 17	 .......	 92	 .......	 77

s

divisio

n a..

Walthal	 1	 5	 .......	 22	 .......	 ......

l's

divisio

n..

Total..	 1	 30	 2	 125	 .......	 78

a This return makes no distinction in officers and men-13 slightly wounded.

Numbers 685.

Report of Lieutenant General Alexander P. Stewart, C. S. Army, commanding corps (formerly Polk's), of operations July 18-September 29.
HDQRS. STEWART'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Tupelo, Miss., January 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with the wishes of the commanding general I respectfully submit the following brief report of the operations of this corps from July 18, 1864, the day on which General hood assumed command of the Army of Tennessee, to September 29, 1864, the day on which we crossed the Chattahoochee:

On the 18th of July we lay in bivouac on the south side of Peach Tree Creek, between the Marietta and Pace's Ferry roads. On that

