
I beg leave to refer to subordinate reports for the names of those who distinguished themselves by acts of special gallantry and of the brave officers and men whose blood was so freely, and it would seem so uselessly, shed on this occasion, as well as for those details it is impossible to embrace in this sketch.

Thursday night, July 21, the army fell back to the line around Atlanta, this corps occupying the space from Peach Tree street to a redoubt on a hill to the left of the Turner's Ferry road, being still the left of the army. On the 22nd we were ordered to bein readiness to attack the enemy again, following the corps on our right; but for reasons unknown to me the battle of that day did not become general. By the 28th the enemy by extending to his right had nearly gained the Lick Skillet road. Loring's and Walthall's divisions had been relieved at the trenches, and it was expected French's would be that night. As I understood the instructions, General Lee, commanding corps, was to move out on the Lick Skillet road, attack the enemy's right flank, and drive him from that road and the one leading from it by Mount Ezra Church. My own orders were to move with the divisions named to the point where out line of works crossed the Lick Skillet road. French's division (when relieved) and one from some other corps were to join us, and at an early hour next morning we were to move out on that road, turn to the right, pass in rear of the enemy, and attack. On reaching the point indicated Lee's corps was found to be engaged and in need of assistance. Accordingly, Walthall's division was moved out, Loring's following as support, and formed on Lee's left. It attacked the enemy, strongly posted on a hill, and failing, after a desperate fight and heavy loss, to dislodge him, Loring's division was placed in position along the Lick Skillet road and Walthall directed to withdraw his in rear of Loring's. A short time previous to this General Loring was wounded, leaving his division under the command of Brigadier-General Featherston. While his division was taking its position I was myself disabled and did not return to duty until the 15th of August. At this time the corps occupied the line from Marietta road to a short distance west of the Lick Skillet road. Nothing of special interest occurred beyond the constant skirmishing along the picket-lines until toward the end of August, when the enemy withdrew from our front and moved upon Jonesborough. This corps remained in position around Atlanta until it became necessary to evacuate the place, retiring toward McDonough, and finally to Lovejoy's Station, where it remained until September 18. On that day we marched for Palmetto, on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, and on 20th took position on the left of the army between the railroad and the Chattahoochee, where we remained undisturbed until the 29th, when we recrossed the river at Pumpkin town, near Cross Anchor.

It is due them to express my high appreciation of the conduct and services of the several members of my staff, viz: Lieutenant Colonel T. F. Sevier, assistant inspector-general, and his assistants Lieutenants Cahal and Hopkins, and Private Williams, of the Orleans Light Horse; Doctors Voorhies and Darby, at different times acting as medical director; Major Douglas West and Captain W. D. Gale, of Adjutant-General's Department; Major Foster, Captain Porter, Lieutenants De Saulles and McFall, of the Engineers; Lieutenants Ridley and Stewart, aides; Captain Vanderford, ordnance officer; Major Mason, quartermaster, and Major Murphy, commissary of subsistence.

