
Numbers 687.

Reports of Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 10-31 and July 20.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,In the Field, May 31, 1864.

MAJOR: In accordance with the request of Lieutenant-General Hood (which I immediately brought to your attention), in order to ascertain whether the enemy were in our front in force, the skirmishes of this division, on the right, were advanced in connection with those belonging to his command. Featherston's, on my extreme right, waited until those of General Hidman's were considerably advanced, when he moved thought the dense timber in his immediate front from 200 to 250 yards from our main breast-works, where he found the enemy's skirmishers strongly intrenched, from which they were speedily dislodged. Simultaneously a heavy fire was opened upon our skirmishers from the enemy's strong works, which proved to be only 150 yards distant from the first line. Our skirmishers were speedily withdrawn as soon as they ascertained the enemy in heavy force behind the second line, inflicting severe loss in the few minutes they remained, but suffering a loss of 24 killed and 98 wounded. At the strong position above referred to the enemy is about 400 yards distant from our main line of works. Scott's skirmishers were also advanced to support those of Featherston with but slight loss, and are now in better position-his left 140, right 120, and center 250 to 300 yards from our main line of works.

With respect, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

Major DOUGLAS WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,In the Field, near New Hope Church, June 1, 1864.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following memoranda of this division from the time of its arrival at Resaca until the 31st ultimo:

Scott's brigade arrived at Resaca on the 10th of May, followed by Adams', on the 11th, and Featherston's brigade on the 12th. Myself and staff arrived with Adams on the 11th. The advance of McPherson's corps was reported, on my arrival, to be halted four miles west of Resaca.

On the morning of the 13th the enemy resumed his advance upon Resaca, driving our cavalry slowly before him. Receiving orders from you to throw forward a brigade to check his advance, Scott's brigade was moved forward and took position in line on Bald Knob, about a mile west of town. About 1 p. m. the brigade became warmly engaged, and held the enemy in check three hours, and could have maintained its position longer, but was ordered to retire into our line of intrenchments. It drew off in perfect order and took position on the right of Vaughan's brigade, Cantey's division. Adams' was drawn up on the right of Scott's, with Featherston's in

