
opposite side of the field, occupying a ridge running east and west, and marked by a line of red earth, which plainly told the works that was before us. The division was here halted and the lines recertified. Perceiving the left of Cheatham's division, on my right, to be advancing through the woods with less than the prescribed 200 yards distance between us my command was still delayed for that division to get its full distance. It was again ordered forward, and the men moved with bold confidence and resolute step in face of the enemy's works and his two lines of battle, when, arriving within 400 or 500 yards of the enemy's works, a terrible fire from his batteries and small-arms opened upon us, but the command moved forward with quickened step and a deafening yell, driving the enemy from his position and not stopping until our colors were planted on different points of the breast-works from right to left in a distance of half a mile, and capturing a number of prisoners. On my left the Thirty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Forty-ninth Alabama Regiments, consolidated, of Scott's brigade, captured the colors of the Thirty-third New Jersey Regiment and twice captured a 4-gun battery. This brilliant charge of my gallant division was made so rapidly and with such intrepidity that up to this time we had sustained but comparatively a small loss. As the enemy fled in confusion from his works the steady aim of the Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana marksmen of my command produced great slaughter in his ranks. All accounts agree that his loss was very heavy; the enemy's official reports estimating those engaged with my division at 2,500 killed and wounded. At this time, when engaged in a desperate, through successful, struggle against overwhelming odds in our front, it was with pain that we discovered that the co-operating forces had not yet engaged the enemy (see Featherston's and Scott's reports for detailed particulars upon this point), thus enabling him to pour into our rank an enfilading fire from both directions, which gradually thinned my brave officers and men and enabled the enemy in our front to rally, finally compelling Featherston to fall back 250 yards on the right and Scott 150 on the left, under cover of a ridge, when a stand was made and the fight continued. satisfied that if the order of battle was carried out a brilliant victory could yet be won, I requested the lieutenant-general to strengthen my command with one brigade in place of Adams', and that by a united effort I had no doubt of the result, and requested that General Hardee aid us. We held our position and the fighting continued until dark. Shortly after this Adams' brigade joined us, when orders were received to remove our dead and wounded from the field and fall back to the trenches. By 9 o'clock all the dead and wounded were removed, except those that fell at and beyond the works, and my command was withdrawn.

Our loss upon this occasion was 1,062-less than one-half that of the enemy; theirs, as stated above, being nearly equal to our entire command.

The gallantry of Generals Featherston and Scott, as they pressed forward at the head of their brigades, commanded my admiration. Their brilliant example was followed by their heroic men, and through we lament the fall of our best and bravest, yet it is pleasing to know that the records of the enemy's dead and wounded bear witness not only to the courage and patriotism of the division, but that our honored dead have not been unavenged.

