
withdraw their guns, and our advance continued to Flint River, where a slight resistance was made to our crossing. At this point my skirmishers were reorganized, and, in conjunction with two regiments of cavalry from General Kilpatrick's command, made a dash for the bridge and secured it, and effected a crossing. The cavalry are entitled to much credit for the gallant style in which they made the charge on the enemy at the bridge. My command was then rapidly pushed beyond the stream, and moved forward until the darkness prevented a further advance; one hour more daylight would probably have secured us the railroad at Jonesborough. I placed my command in position, with General Harrow on the right, General Hazen on the left, and the troops of General Osterhaus occupying part of the line, on both right and left. I directed strong works to be made during the night which was done on my entire front. On the morning of the 31st skirmishing opened quite briskly the enemy occasionally using artillery.

It soon became apparent that the enemy was lengthening his lines, and it was judged that he was being re-enforced. At about 3 p. m. he opened batteries from all points of his lines, and at about 3.15 o'clock made a vigorous and determined assault upon General Hazen's front, which extended along the front of General Harrow and that part of the line on the right occupied by General Osterhaus. The attack upon Osterhaus and Harrow was, however, less vigorous than upon Hazen. The fighting was severe for about three-quarters of an hour, when the enemy was severely repulsed. In a few moments they had reformed and advanced again, but were severely handled as before, and were compelled to retire before the superior gallantry of our troops. From the reports of division commanders the enemy's loss in dead is estimated at 500, left on ground in front of our lines, from which they were driven. Their loss in wounded is variously estimated at from 3,000 to 5,000. A rebel surgeon left in charge of their wounded reports it at 5,000 on the 31st. Among the wounded was known to be Major General Patton Anderson. We captured 2 stand of colors and about 1,500 muskets and 167 prisoners, in addition to 82 wounded who fell into our hands. Our losses were 154 killed, wounded, and missing.

To Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, and Brigadier General William Harrow, division commanders, my thanks are due for the skillful management of the troops during the march and the engagement; and to the soldiers for their gallantry in action and good conduct on the line of march. A brigade belonging to the Sixteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Ransom commanding, on my right, and one on my left belonging to the Seventeenth Army Corps, Major-General Blair commanding, are entitled to much praise for the part taken by them in the engagement with the enemy, and i hereby tender my hearty thanks to the officers named for their co-operation during the engagement which resulted so satisfactorily to us.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Addenda.-The troops engaged against us were the corps of Hardee and Lee, prisoners being captured from the different brigades of both these corps.

