
and fled in much confusion. In this advance, as well as retreat, they received a severe punishment. Two officers were seen to fall and many privates. This regiment acted with great coolness, courage, and determination during the engagement.

Our whole loss during the engagement was 5 killed and 14 wounded; that of the enemy could not have fallen short of several hundred.

The action of the artillery was not only highly beneficial to us in its results, but very creditable to the batteries-both officers and men. The infantry of the entire division engaged in the affairs could not have behaved better-both officers and men.

A heavy fire from the enemy's artillery in our front was directed at our lines during the evening, but fortunately without effect, the shot and shell passing a considerable distance beyond our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 13, 1864.

SIR: Your letter of the 11th instant has been received. I was in command of Loring's division on the 27th of June, at Kenesaw Mountain. In the engagement of that day I think the enemy's loss in front of this division could not have been less than 1,000. The better opinion is that it was more; perhaps 2,000 or 3,000 would not be extravagant. I put it at 1,000 to be within the limits of reasonable certainty. I should have answered you sooner, but have been waiting to see my official report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,

Inspector-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 689.

Report of Brigadier General Winfield S. Featherston, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 20.
HEADQUARTERS FEATHERSTON'S BRIGADE,In Line near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

SIR: On the morning of the 20th of July my brigade occupied a position in the line of battle on the right of Loring's division, and formed the extreme right of Stewart's corps. My position was west of the Pace's Ferry road about half a mile. About 12 m. on that day I was ordered to have my command ready to move at 1 p. m., and at the hour designated my men were under arms and ready for the movement. I was ordered to follow Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps, with which I connected on my right. The order directed me to follow

