
was halted for alignment. It then moved to the front, the flanks passing through skirts of woods and the center through an open field. After emerging from the woods, the line moved at a double-quick step until it arrived at a marsh in the midst of an open field, about 300 yards from the enemy's works. At this point and immediately after crossing the marsh, the brigade came up with the line of skirmishers, and the majority of the skirmishers attached themselves to the different regiments of the brigade and engaged in the charge upon the enemy's works. Those who did not move forward with the brigade were assembled by me and moved to the right of the brigade, in front of which my right company was deployed. About this time the brigade commenced retiring, and I caused that portion of the battalion then with me to retire through the skirt of woods through which my right company had advanced, and moved it to the skirt of woods on the let of the field, formed line, and skirmished with the enemy until dark. My command was withdrawn about 8.3 p. m. and conducted to the trenches.

In this engagement I lost 32 men killed, wounded, and missing.

My command deported itself with its usual gallantry.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. STIGLER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain C. P. NEILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 691.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel M. Dyer, Third Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 20.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,July 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that my regiment on the 20th advanced in its position in line of battle of the brigade through an open field for about 400 yards, exposed to a heavy fire both from artillery and infantry. After driving in his skirmishes easily, I occupied a position on the summit of a slight elevation, partially protected by a rail fence, within about 200 yards of the enemy's line of battle, which position I maintained until it became untenable by the falling back of the regiments on my right and left, and exposing me to an enfilading fire. Colonel Mellon was wounded early on reaching this position, leaving the command to me. After holding my position about twenty minutes, and losing many of my best men, and exposed on both flanks, I fell back with the brigade to a position under cover of a ridge in the timber, and remained there until the withdrawal of the brigade from the field. Officers and men of the regiment acted with becoming bravery.

Very respectfully,

S. M. DYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. P. NEILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

