
I would respectfully recommend to the favorable consideration of the brigadier-general commanding Ensighn Michael Meager, Private J. T. Longino, Company A, and Sergt. Harrison Bailey, Company B, all of whom fell wounded while bravely bearing on the colors of this regiment. Adjt. C. V. H. Davis was killed with the colors in his hands encouraging his men to action. All who knew Adjutant Davis will mourn his death. After the fall of Adjutant Davis the colors were borne by Lieutenant Lea, Company E.

Respectfully submitted.

M. A. OATIS,

Major, Commanding Twenty-second Mississippi Regiment.

[Major HENRY ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 693.

Report of Captain Thomas J. Pulliam, Thirty-first Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 20.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST Regiment MISSISSIPPI INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part which this regiment took in the action of the 20th instant on Peach Tree Creek. (I was on picket with sixty men of the regiment, and did not participate in the early part of the action, and can only state what I have learned from others in reference to that part of the engagement.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Drane was in command of the regiment, Colonel Stephens being absent sick. The regiment, in conjunction with the brigade, charged the temporary works of the enemy and carried them, but was ordered to fall back by Lieutenant-Colonel Drane, as they were exposed to a galling fire from the left as well as from the front The entire brigade about this time fell back.

Lieutenant-Colonel Drane, now severely wounded, was carried from the field; Major Gillespie was also about this time severely if not mortally wounded, and was left on the field; Adjt. W. J. Van de Graff also fell, supposed to be mortally wounded, and was left on the field; and every captain on the field was either killed or wounded. This left the regiment wholly without a commander until First Lieutenant Shaw, of Company G, assumed command.

I about this time joined the regiment with my command, which had fallen back to a skirt of woods, where the fire was kept up at long range until night put a stop to the conflict.

The regiment suffered severely in the action, having lost in killed, wounded, and missing 164 officers and men out of 215 that went the field and staff were either killed or wounded. Twenty-two company officers were in the action. Of that number 17 were killed, wounded, and captured.

All the officers and men acted with great gallantry. I regret that I am unable to give a full account of this sanguinary conflict, as it was not my fortune to be with the regiment in the charge upon the enemy's works.

