
Lieutenant-Colonel Drane, [who] is now in hospital suffering from severe wounds, will, I hope, live to give a full account of the engagement.

I have the honor, captain, to be, your obedient servant,

T. J. PULLIAM,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-first Mississippi Regiment.

Captain C. P. NEILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 694.

Report of Captain Moses Jackson, Thirty-third Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 20.

IN THE TRENCHES, Atlanta, July 23, 1864.

SIR: Permit me to make a report of the part taken in the battle by the Thirty-third Mississippi Regiment on the 20th instant, commanded by Colonel J. L. Drake.

The regiment formed in front of the works in line of battle about 3 p. m. preparatory to advancing upon the enemy. The regiment moved forward to an old field about 300 yards, halted and, moved by the left about 100 yards across a ravine, where the line was rectified. The command then moved forward, crossing the ravine again, which ran in front of the regiment, in full view of the enemy through an open field of about 600 yards. The evening was very sultry. The charge was made immediately. The regiment moved through the open field under a galling fire from the enemy's works in front, with a heavy enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries on the left with shell, grape and canister. The enemy's works were temporarily constructed of rails situated on an old road, which was soon carried. The command halted a short time, firing upon the enemy. The men were so completely exhausted and overcome with heat it was difficult for them to load and fire their pieces. The command soon moved forward beyond the enemy's works about 100 yards in a ravine, where a halt was again made and fighting very seen just over the turn of the hill. Our regiment was at this time on the extreme right of the brigade. The battalion had been thrown forward as skirmishers. Not being supported on the right,which rested on the edge of the woods, seeing a heavy column in front of us, and hearing commands given by the enemy to flank us on the right,they advanced, their left swinging around us, with a charge and a heavy cross-fire. Seeing our perilous condition, I being on the right at my post, I immediately ordered a retreat. About this time the whole command was in full retreat. After retreating about a quarter of a mile we saw Wright's brigade in a line of battle in the woods at a halt, which should have engaged the enemy on our right. The failure in this caused our defeat. The men were rallied opposite this point and formed a line, and held it until they were withdrawn after 9 p. m., placing out pickets, which were withdrawn after 11 p. m. After night-fall every means were used in getting off the field the dead and wounded. All were taken except those too near the enemy's line.

