
midable strength of the enemy in front, and its partial disorganization, the regiment retired with irregularity to the woodland above mentioned (it is necessary here to state that the regiment held the enemy's works about twenty-five minutes before retiring), where it reformed and kept up a brisk fire with the enemy until the darkness of the evening forbid activity. At 10 o'clock at night the regiment returned, by order of Brigadier-General Featherston, to our line of works.

The casualties have been already forwarded.

Respectfully submitted.

C. A. HUDDLESTON,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain NEILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 696.

Report of Brigadier General John Adams, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 19.
HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE, LORING'S DIVISION,In the Field, July 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of my brigade this evening:

The Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment and two companies of the Sixth Mississippi were relieved by a brigade of General Walthall's division, under General Reynolds, this evening. No sooner had General Reynolds taken the line than the enemy advanced in force, driving in vedettes. General Reynolds, this evening. No sooner had General Reynolds taken the line than the enemy advanced in force, driving in vedettes. General Reynolds requested Colonel Farrell to remain and assist him in driving back the enemy. This Colonel Farrell did, and when the enemy advanced he (Colonel Farrell) moved forward his regiment and two companies of Sixth Mississippi on the left of Reynolds' brigade in gallant style, easily driving everything before them, retook his old line on the creek, and demanded the surrender of the regiment in his front. The whole regiment surrendered, when, on looking to his right, he (Colonel Farrell) found that Reynolds' brigade had not advanced in concert with him, thereby exposing his (Colonel Farrell's) right, which being perceived by the enemy, who should have been confronted by Reynolds, he (the enemy) moved in the rear of Colonel Farrell, which being seen by the colonel (Farrell), he immediately faced to the rear and captured all who passed his front, about 60, including a lieutenant-colonel [Clancy] of Colonel Daniel McCook's regiment (Fifty-second Ohio). This move, of course, liberated the regiment which had surrendered to Colonel Farrell. Had General Reynolds co-operated and connected with Colonel Farrell a thousand prisoners might easily have been taken. As it was, however, I lost heavily both in killed and wounded. Colonel Farrell is satisfied that he inflicted severe punishment on the enemy. General Reynods' entire line is now back on the road, the river being free from pickets a mile to my right. Even now a heavy force of the enemy are reported as crossing on General Reynolds' right. I, to cover a section of Bouanchaud's battery, on Reynolds' front, sent forward seven companies of Twentieth

