
Mississippi Regiment to protect it or support General Reynolds. Unless General Reynolds hold his front, or his brigade is replaced by a much larger one, my line will be in great jeopardy, and I would most respectfully suggest that Generals Walthall and Walker drive the enemy across the creek at once. On my left I have only a chain of sentinels connecting with Extor's right, and I fear the enemy may attempt to cross on Ector's right at or near the mouth of Peach Tree Creek, where the bridge formerly crossed it. Should he attempt to do so I fear he might succeed, as Ector's brigade is so very small and my line on his right a mere line of skirmishers. Ector's center should at least rest on the bridge, but this he cannot do on account of the size of his brigade. He should be relieved by a larger command.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Commanding

Major HENRY ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,July 20, 1864-12.50 a. m.

Respectfully forward for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding.

It is obvious that larger brigades are wanted on the right and left of Adams at the earliest moment. It is to be regretted that Farrell could not have secured after his gallant charge the regiment which he captured, because the brigade on his right did not advance as stated in this communication. I fear as things now stand Adams will not be able to hold his position long. Be kind enough to return this paper in the morning after you have examined it.

With respect, your most obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General E. C. Walthall for such action as he may deem proper.

By order of Lieutenant-General Stewart:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION,July 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General D. H. Reynolds for statement on within report.

By order of Major-General Walthall:

W. R. BARKSDALE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

