
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. REYNOLDS' BRIGADE, WALTHALL'S DIVISION, ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,In the front of Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The official report of Brigadier General John Adams of the part taken by his brigade in the engagement on Peach Tree Creek at Moore's Mill on the 19th instant having been referred to me for statement, I would respectfully state that there are some errors in said report which were perhaps unavoidable, as General Adams was not present during any part of the engagement.

After I relieved Colonel Farrell he moved his regiment in the direction of Moore's Mill, and when the attack commenced on my line he sent by my inspector tendering his services. I at once sent my inspector to Colonel Farrell, directing him to form on my left, as I was preparing to advance on the enemy, who were rapidly advancing. This Colonel Farrell did not do, but my brigade (except one small regiment, which was still on the skirmish line several hundred yards to the left of the point assailed) formed and charged the enemy and drove him back along the front of the entire new line, punishing him severely, capturing a number of prisoners and 2 stand of colors; but as Colonel Farrell failed to move as directed I was flanked on my left and compelled to throw one or two companies back to save the flank, the rest of the line to the right of the center remaining stationary. I sent my inspector a second time, with orders to Colonel Farrell to move to support my left; and still failing to come, I sent my assistant adjutant-general with the same order, and still failing I sent the same officer a second time to Colonel Farrell. This time he found that Colonel Farrell had moved the right of his regiment in an open field, and extending across the road at nearly right angles with my line,and several hundred yards to my left, and had commenced throwing up a defensive work of rails, &amp;c.

At the second call of my assistant adjutant-general, Colonel Farrell moved into the road and moved up and connected with the left of the regiment, which had arrived from the extreme left of my skirmish line; and I shortly after gave the order for the right and left wings of the brigade and Colonel Farrell to advanced and the center to remain stationary, it being posted in open ground, and, from its position, could render great assistance to the wings by pouring an enfilading fire upon the enemy as soon as he should become engaged.

The enemy having a large force under the hill some 250 yards in my front, I did not feel satisfied of my ability to drive him from that position, unless by driving his flanks in confusion on it, but designed to retake my skirmish line, and then if possible to drive the whole force from my front; but should I move forward my whole line and be repulsed there was danger of losing my position, as I had no reserve and but a thin line. I, therefore, adopted the plan of moving my flank forward. On the left, at the command "forward," the Twenty-fifth Arkansas and Fifteenth Mississippi moved gallantly, driving the enemy before them, but having to march some 150 yards through the woods to connect with the line which had held its position, and instead of moving to the right oblique they moved a little to the left and failed to connect, and through this gap some of the enemy passed and got in upon the flank, when both regiments withdrew, bringing prisoners with them.

