
As to the regiment of the enemy having surrendered to Colonel Farrell and he being compelled to leave it, I would say that it is indeed very strange that an officer should about-face his regiment in front of a regiment of prisoners and move back to secure "all who had passed his front-about 60." I think the statement simply unworthy of serious denial. There are other errors and sage suggestions in said report that I do not deem it necessary to notice.

In the early part of the engagement I captured some prisoners, and hearing that my right had been driven back and the enemy were in possession of the road leading back to the works, and fearing I would be compelled to fall back, I sent a number of these prisoners to General Adams' command, and when sent for after the engagement was over was informed they were never received, but a staff officer of General Adams when taking prisoners to Atlanta on morning of 20th said they were the joint capture of a part of my command and the Fifteenth Mississippi.

General Adams called on me after dark on 19th, and after I informed him of my small force, only 600 strong before the engagement, eighty of which were still on the line occupied by General Gist; that my line was nearly or quite two miles long; that the enemy were in force on my entire front and extending to the right; that a force would soon be out from the division to relieve a part of my line, and after he had heard, as he states in his report, that a heavy force of the enemy was crossing on my right, and that General Gist had fallen back from his position on the creek to my right-after all this he requested and almost demanded that I at once relieve his troops. I told him that it was at the time quite impossible for me to do so, but that I would as soon as my men arrived who had been left in front of General Gist, or the force from the division arrived. He returned to his brigade and shortly after sent a staff officer again asking that his troops be relieved. Shortly after Major Knox arrived with his regiment and I relieved General Adams' troops, and they retired in the direction of Moore's Mill

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. H. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 697.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas M. Scott, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations July 20.
HEADQUARTERS SCOTT'S BRIGADE, LORING'S DIVISION,July 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 20th instant I was formed in the trenches to the left of Brigadier-General Featherston and about one mile west of the Pace's Ferry road. I was notified by a staff officer of Major-General Loring that an advance on the enemy would be made. After moving a division length by the right flank I was then ordered to move to the front, keeping aligned with Brigadier-General Featherston until the enemy was found, when I was to engage him and drive him down Peach Tree Creek. If intrenchments were found no halt was to be made, but they were to be immediately taken at the point of the bayonet.

