
Under these orders I followed Brigadier-General Featherston in the movement to the right until my left flank rested near half a mile east of the Pace's Ferry road.

At about 4 p. m. I advanced by the right of companies to the front for about half a mile, when I formed line upon finding the skirmishers of the enemy and drove them until I came to a large field, where I received a heavy fire from the main line of the enemy's rifle-pits and from two redoubts, mounting from four to six guns each. My line was momentarily checked, and a portion of it fell back some few paces, but promptly rallied, when I moved to their front and they followed me across an open field for near 600 yards to the enemy's works, portion of which they took, as did the brigade of Brigadier-General Featherston on my right; but the position could not be held, as these works on my left and Brigadier-General Featherston's right had not been assaulted; consequently we were subjected to a reverse and enfilade fire.

The Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth, and Forty-ninth (consolidated) Regiments and nine companies of the Twelfth Louisiana Regiment struck the enemy's works at an angle in the timber and did not advance across the open field, which accounts for their loss bein lighter, although they took a redoubt and four guns. The annexed diagram* will enable you to understand the situation.

Finding that I would subject my command to heavy additional losses by remaining, I gave the order to retire, and remained until all had retreated, leaving many of my dead and wounded in the hands of the enemy. After retreating to the timber I formed in two lines in a ravine within 150 yards of the enemy's works, but protected by unevenness of ground and timber from fire. Here I was soon joined by Major-General Loring, who entirely agreed with me that it was useless to again take the works unless we secured co-operation on our right.

It was now near dark, and I received orders to remove my wounded as fast as possible to the works in our rear and retire to our former position at 9 o'clock, which was executed without any difficulty, leaving my skirmishers near the enemy until 11 o'clock, when they quietly withdrew and joined the command.

The following is a list of casualties:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

55th Alabama	 29	 63	 43

Regiment,

Colonel

Snodgrass..

57th Alabama	 13	 98	 38

Regiment,

Lieutenant-

Colonel

Bethune..

27th, 35th,	 2	 31	 ..............

and 49th

Alabama

Regiments,

Colonel Ives..

12th Louisiana	 11	 57	 5

Regiment,

Colonel

Nelson..

Total..	 55	 249	 86

Grand total, 390.

In conclusion, I must express my admiration of the dauntless courage exhibited by the officers and men of my command. I have not had an opportunity of ascertaining the names of some that were conspicuous for gallantry, and beg leave to forward their names in a future report.

THOS. M. SCOTT,

Brigadier-General.

Major HENRY ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

