
Numbers 698.

Report of Colonel Samuel S. Ives, Thirty-fifth Alabama Infantry, commanding Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth, and Forty-ninth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 20.
HDQRS. 35TH, 27TH, AND 49TH ALABAMA REGIMENTS,In Fortifications, July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 20th instant:

In pursuance of orders I left my position at 1 p. m., and moved my regiment about one mile along the intrenchments to the right. Here I was ordered to deposit my knapsacks in rear of the center of the brigade and form for action outside of the intrenchments, with orders to move forward by the right of companies to the front and allow no natural of artificial impediment to check our onward progress. Arriving at our skirmish line I received orders to form line of battle and load, which was promptly executed. We then continued to advance, driving the skirmishers of the enemy and a line of battle formed in their rear, who fell back to the works. At this point the ensign and colors of the Thirty-third New Jersey Regiment were captured by John E. Abernathy, Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment. When within 100 yards of the enemy's works and while under a galling cross-fire, Lieutenant-Colonel McAlexander, commanding the right wing of the regiment, received an order, through Colonel Nelson, of Twelfth Louisiana, from Lieutenant Alexander, of General Scott's staff, to fall back. This order was immediately communicated to me, and I marched my regiment about fifty yards slowly and reluctantly to the rear, where I met with Captain McCranie, of General Scott's staff, who informed me that no order to fall back had been given. He also stated to me that the works of the enemy had been captured on the right, and without awaiting for orders I immediately about-faced my regiment and charged over the enemy's works, capturing several prisoners and 3 pieces of artillery.

The enemy offered but feeble resistance, and in their precipitous flight threw away their knapsacks, guns, and accounterments. To my great astonishment Lieutenant-Colonel McAlexander, commanding right, and Major Wright, commanding the left wing, communicated to me the information that we had no support on our right or left, when I immediately dispatched Colonel McAlexander to General Scott to ask for a support, but I soon discovered that my position was so untenable for reasons apparent that I ordered the regiment to fall back under cover of the hill about 150 yards, and reported the facts to General Scott. As soon as I fell back I threw out vedettes and awaited orders.

Owing to the peculiar conformation of the ground over which we advanced and the hasty retreat of the enemy, my loss was only 32 killed and wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

S. S. IVES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. McN. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

