
Numbers 699.

Report of Colonel John Snodgrass, Fifty-fifth Alabama Infantry, of operations July 20.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,July 24, 1864.

I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 20th instant:

After the order to charge was given my regiment moved forward under a terrible enfilading fire of grape, canister, and minie, as well as a galling direct fire, until they had passed considerably the first line of the enemy's works, and the troops on the right and left not coming up on a line, I ordered my regiment to fall back under the crest of the hill; but the troops on each flank having begun to retire at the time, I followed up with what few of my regiment were left. In consequence of the heavy loss of officers I found my regiment considerably scattered, but none left the field.

Very respectfully,

JOHN SNODGRASS,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Alabama Regiment.

Captain GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 700.

Report of Captain Augustus L. Milligan, Fifty-seventh Alabama Infantry, of operations July 20.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-SEVENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,July 24, 1864.

SIR: The long list of casualties in this regiment in the engagement of the 20th instant will be sufficient evidence of its deep devotion to the cause of Southern liberty and independence. The regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bethune, went into action numbering about 330 aggregate. It lost in killed, wounded, and missing 157, including 2 field and 1 staff officer, and 15 line officers. Although our losses have been severe, and we regret the loss of so many good and brave men, we are ready to again meet the enemy at such times and places as the commanding general directs. We can console ourselves by believing that the enemy were severely punished. We charged and took a portion of his works, capturing some prisoners, but for want of support had to withdraw without prisoners, he being well supported by two lines of battle. Our gallant brigadier-general (Thomas M. Scott) was to be seen in the midst of danger cheering the men with his presence and cool determination.

A. L. MILLIGAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain E. McN. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

57 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

