
Lieutenant Colonel T. C. Standifer, Major H. V. McCain (who was severely wounded in the early part of the action), Lieutenant M. S. McLeroy, acting adjutant (who was mortally wounded), and Sergt. Major H. Brunner were all their positions and did their duty nobly.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

N. L. NELSON,

Colonel Twelfth Louisiana Regiment Volunteers.

Captain E. McN. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Scott's Brigade.

Numbers 702.

Reports of Major General Samuel G. French, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 16-31, June 27, and July 17-September 6.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Near New Hope Church, May 31, 1864.

GENERAL: In reply to your circular requiring a memorandum of the engagements in which my division has served since May 6, I will state:

ROME.

I arrived in Rome on the 16th and soon after forward Sears' brigade to join you at Resaca by rail.

On 17th, when about to start General Ector's brigade, at 1 p. m., I was informed, the enemy was within two miles and a half of the city in force, by General Davidson. Ector's brigade at once was crossed the river and a part placed in the works and the rest thrown forward as skirmishers on the crest of the ridge in front. Soon after Generals Ross and morgan arrived with some cavalry. They were dismounted and put on the crest of hills to strengthen skirmishers. About 5 p. m. General Ross moved forward with his men, while Davidson moved to the right and drove back the enemy's line of skirmishers to their line of battle.

In this affair Hoskins' battery lost 2 men, and from the verbal report of the chief surgeon to me that night the whole number of killed and wounded was about 100.

As I had to leave the place, under orders, I did not see General Ross again after the advance. Cockrell's brigade arriving that night after a march of thirty-two miles, it was sent to Kingston, and Ector's was withdrawn at midnight and arrived in Kingston by 7 a. m., and the same day (May 8) we joined you at Cassville.

CASSVILLE.

My division was on the left of General Hood's corps, and during the skirmishing and shelling on the afternoon of the 19th I sustained a loss of - men killed and 5 wounded. Number of horses killed, 3.

