
Inclosed I send you the report of General Cockrell and that made by Colonel W. H. Young, who was on duty as observing officer on the mountain.

Our loss, I regret to say, was pretty severe, being 17 killed, 92 wounded, and 77 missing; total, 186. The enemy's loss is not known, but by those who had the best opportunity to observe, it is computed at 500.

I must express my thanks to General F. M. Cockrell, his officers and men, and Colonel W. S. Barry, who was in command of Sears' brigade, and a portion of his troops for their gallant conduct in repulsing the enemy. I regret to say, however, that the enemy gained a hold nearer my main in front of the left of General Sears' brigade than I had reason to expect.

The officers and men of Guibor;s Ward's, Hoskins', Lumsden's. and Bellamy's batteries, and Major G. S. Storrs, my chief of artillery, are entitled to much praise for their good conduct under the severe fire of the enemy's artillery. Brigadier-General Ector, commanding brigade, was not attacked.

Respectfully submitted.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Atlanta, Ga., August 31, 1864.

SIR: In reply to your note of this morning asking me to report the loss sustained in my command in front of Marietta and that of the enemy on the 27th of June last, I will state my report shows 17 killed 92 wounded, and 77 missing; total, 186. My estimate that day of the enemy's loss was computed at 500. Since then the official reports of the enemy state their loss in the assault on West (or Little) Kenesaw Mountain to have been 60 officers and about 500 men. It is fair to presume that, as usual, they have reported a smaller number than their actual loss. My division was posted from the Marietta road, thence on and over West Kenesaw, and partly up Great Kenesaw. This assault of the enemy from chose troops and led by General M. L. Smith only attacked my left, and was a completely distance and isolated assault. I drove the enemy with my artillery from General Walker's front, and my center and right were not attacked except on the skirmish line, which did not give way. Whatever credit is due for the complete repulse of this assaulting column, therefore, belongs exclusively to the brigade of General Cockrell, and the left of General Sears', then commanded by Colonel W. S. Barry. The enemy in the action brought fifty-one of artillery to bear on my front. I mention this respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain D. WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

