
that General Hood was placed in command until we left Lovejoy's Station. Circumstances have delayed my forwarding it at an earlier date; besides, I expected after my arrived here to deliver it is person on my return. As I am now from some cause, separated from the corps, permit me here to return my thanks for the kindness I have always experienced and have had extended to me by General Stewart and yourself during a long and vexatious campaign. I shall leave here this week for Macon, Miss., where I have some business, and proceed thence to report for duty.

Remember me kindly to the general, and with respect, believe

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Near Nashville, December 6, 1864.

Sir; In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the operations of my division in and around Atlanta from time General Hood was placed in command of the Army of Tennessee until we left Lovejoy's Station.

On the morning of July 17, when the charge of commanders was announced, my division formed the extreme left of the army. General Actor's brigade was stationed on the Chattahoochee River at the railroad brigade, its right extended up the river to the month of Peach Creek, and thence up the creek to where it joined Adams' brigade, Loring's division. General Sears' brigade rested, with its left on the Marietta and Atlanta road, near Montgomery Chapel, about a mile from the river, its right extending toward the Pace's Ferry road. General Cockrell's brigade was on the right of General Sears. On the 18th and 19th I intrenched my line. On the 20th, at 12m., I received orders to move to the right, leaving Sears' brigade at the railroad brigade, where it had been sent to relieve Ector's brigade. Proceeding as far as the Pace's Ferry road we were halted and formed line of battle, Ector's brigade on the left. General Walthall's division was on my right. About 4 p. m. I received orders to advance in echelon of brigades, keeping about 400 yards in rear of General Walthall. The order of battle was that the right of our army should attack the enemy, cross his line, swing to the left, and as the enemy was forced down the creek the brigades to attack in succession. A report of this action has already been forwarded.*

July 21, the army fell back to Atlanta, and during the night this division went into position on the west side of the city, Cockrell's brigade on the left of the Turner's Ferry road, and Sears' and Ector's brigades on the right, occupying a front of about 3,000 yards, and at once commenced fortifying the line. On the 22nd the enemy advanced and some slight skirmishing occurred on our right. Heavy firing was heard on the east side, which continued till dark, it being an engagement of the forces under General Hardee and the enemy. On the morning of the 23d, under orders from General Stewart my division made a demonstration on the whole of its front, causing the enemy to open fire from his batteries then in position. But few casualties occurred. All night the enemy fired occasional guns.

---------------

*See p. 902.

---------------

