
quarters of a mile, and only when he encountered the fire from the enemy's main line works. Finding the enemy was re-enforcing his line I directed the troops to be withdrawn and return to our lines. The loss of the enemy on this occasion could not be ascertained. We sustained a loss of 1 officer (Lieutenant Mothershead) killed, 4 privates killed, and 39 wounded; also Major Redwine, of the Texas brigade, was wounded. The demonstration caused the enemy to bring up several batteries of artillery in addition to those in position, for in the afternoon they commenced a rapid fire of artillery from all along their lines in my front and continued it until after dark. On the 7th 8th there was less firing than usual, except on the skirmish line; that never stops, day or night. There the works of death never ceases. 9th, as soon as the fog rose this morning the artillery of the enemy opened and continued for seven hours without intermission; but from all this we sustain but little damage. On several occasions over 2,000 rounds of artillery has been expended in a day on my front by the enemy. It makes my house an unpleasant residence and annoys the soldier a little. 10th to 25th, during this period, as indeed ever since we have been here, the works of fortifying and strengthening my front has continued often all day and night. The main line was made very strong, and the whole front obstructed by a double line of sharpened stakes firmly set in the ground at an inclination of about sixty degrees. In addition to this abatis was placed in front. The advanced skirmish line was a continuous rifle-pit, made very strong, with a stockade in front throughout nearly its whole length. A reserve line of rifle-pits was also constructed for a second skirmish line, redoubts were built on the main line, and several batteries were casemated with great care vast ;arbor. At intervals interior lines were also constructed. From time to time the enemy would continued to press in my vedette line until at last the skirmish line of the enemy was established by gradual advances in a few places to within 200 yards of mine. Along these lines the firing was incessant to the end, and so severe was the fire that all the ordinary timber between them of moderate size was killed and the foliage dried up and withered. In one small field in front of my line the expended balls covered the ground like, and from there I believe it was over 10,000 ponds of rifle-balls were picked up by my soldier and delivered to the ordnance department. By thus maintaining my skirmish line so far in advance the troops in the main line were generally free to move where they placed unmolested from the fire of musketry. The fire of the artillery of the enemy continued to the last, both day and night. At night, however, it often ceased from the batteries operating on our lines, but from those erected to shell the city there was no cessation for darkness. A careful examination of the enemy's lines showed that the fire our artillery, especially from the 32-pounders on my front, had been very destructive.

August 26, this morning at daylight information was brought me that the enemy had abandoned their works in front of the right of my skirmishers line, and an immediate advance disposed that the enemy had withdraw his troops from his works around the city. On the west side they were this morning in force on my extreme left, and thence on in front of General Loring. In making the enemy disclose his force this afternoon, Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Samuel, of the Missouri brigade, was killed. It showed that the enemy's left rested on the Lick Skillet road. 27th, this morning found the enemy

