
had withdraw entirely from my left. Under orders I moved out with Ector's and Sears' brigades, on the Turner's Ferry road, and did not encounter any resistance until we approached the Chattahoochee. I there halted the brigade and front line of battle, and advance two of the regiment of Ector's brigade as skirmishers-the one under command of Colonel Coleman, and the other under Colonel Camp-while Captain Hoskins, following on, came into position with a section of artillery on the brow of the plain that overlooked the river. After a spirited contest, these two regiments (the Thirty-ninth North Carolina and Fourteenth Texas) drove the enemy from their trifle-pits on their skirmish line, and advanced until they received the from the enemy's main intrenched line, and his artillery from well-constructed works. Prisoners captured informed me that the Twentieth Army Corps was there in position, and the appearance of the long, continue works corroborated their statement, with proved to be true. Being satisfied that the Twentieth Army Corps was at Turner's Ferry and at the railroad crossing of the Chattahoochee, I returned to Atlanta and reported the result of my reconnaissance. 28th, 29th, and 30th, nothing of importance occurred on my line. It seemed strange this silence after so long and continued booming of the artillery. On the 31st my division and the State force were the only troops in the works immediately around the city. General Stewart having informed me that the enemy had advanced a party of 300 men on the railroad to near Atlanta, and directed me to endeavor to capture them. I ordered Colonel W. H. Young, commanding Ector's brigade, to take four regiments and move out on the Turner's Ferry road, and thence by the crossroads gain the railroad in their rear. On reaching the railroad near the river, he discovered they had gone back to their lines on the river.

September 1, to-day order for the evacuation of the city was received. I caused preparations to be made to spike the heavy guns on my line, and to have their carriages burned when the skirmishers should be withdrawn, at 11 p. m.; but to my astonishment they were sent on fire without my knowledge, by orders of the chief of ordnance of the army, during the afternoon, which I could not but consider rather a premature signal. After dark, and after Generals Loring and Walthall and the State troops-when all were gone but stragglers-this division moved out of the city, forming the rear guard. Taking the McDonough road, we marched all night, all day of the 2d, and came into camp late at night.

September 3, resumed the march this morning. From the sound of the guns in front, we knew that General Hardee alone was still holding the enemy in check, for we had passed the corps of General S. D. Lee on the road. On arriving at Lovejoy's Station, on the railroad, my division was detached and sent to relieve General Bate's division, in line of battle in the center of Hardee's corps, and after dark it was ordered to relieve his left division, which held a miserable line and salient that was enfilade on either face by the enemy's artillery. Did not, however, make the change.

September 4, considerable artillery firing on the lines to-day. Labored all night on a new line to cut off part of the salient, which improved it very much.

September 5, my division is now in the line of the division of Hardee's corps, which it has relieved, and so completely is the old part of it enfilade that about 40 men were killed and wounded from shells.

