
September 6, at 4 o'clock this morning information was sent me by the officers of the day that the enemy had left my front. I directed the skirmishers to advance and occupy the works of the enemy, and reported the fact to Lieutenant-General Stewart. General Cockrell asked permission to follow the enemy, which was granted, and he purposed them beyond Lonesborough. Coming up with the enemy south of this village, he drove them to their works just this side of the town. From these works they were driven by a charge of four companies, under the command of Captain Canniff, to their main line on the north side of Jonesborough, where they were discovered in force. A number of prisoner were captured and many killed and wounded. Our casualties were 2 officers (Lieutenants Welch and Strong) and 8 private wounded. The enemy falling back toward Atlanta, afforded some rest to our forces.

I will here state that my division, from the day it joined the Army of Tennessee until the fall of Atlanta, was, with one single day;s exception, constantly under fire of the enemy. The labor they performed, their gallantry, and the privations they endured are lasting evidences of their valor and patriotism.

During the operations in and around the city, though my division was not engaged in either of the battles of the 22nd of July or the 28th, it sustained in the various conflicts with the enemy a loss of 64 killed, 296 wounded, and 53 missing, or an aggregate loss of 413. Among the slain we have to lament the loss of Lieutenant Colonel James K. McDowell, a most valuable officer; Lieutenant Colonel D. Todd Samuel, Capts. Bradford Keith and Samuel A. Kennerly, Lieutenants J. R. Mothershead, J. B. Carty, J. B. Ferrell, L. Deboard, F. M. Sherrill, J. F. Norman, D. R. Balding, W. T. West; also Captain Ward, of the artillery, a most estimable gentleman and gallant officer.

Among the wounded were Brigadier General M. D. Ector and Colonel Elijah Gates, both too well known to need commendation. To Generals Ecor, Cockrell, and Sears, and to Colonels Gates, Barry, and Young, each a long time in command of brigades, I am under obligations for valuable services.

Major Sanders, Shingleur, Morey, Dearing, and Captains Danner and Kent, members of my staff, were zealous in the performance of their duties. My aides, Lieutenants James R. Yerger, Wiley Abercrombie, and W. H. Cain, rendered me valuable assistance in the performance of my duties on the lines. Major Storrs and Captain Hoskins and Lieutenant A. W. Harris, of the artillery; Captain Henderson, provost-marshall, and Lieutenant E. T. Freeman, acting assistant inspector-general, were always noted for distinguished gallantry in the presence of the enemy.

I must here also return my thanks to Dr. Williams B. Harrison, chief surgeon, for his untiring care of the wounded and sick during this arduous campaign.

During this siege of forty days the officers and soldiers composing this division were ever vigilant and faithful in the performance of their duties and always conspicuous for their gallantry.

Along with this I send the reports of the brigade commanders.

Respectfully submitted.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain W. D. GALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

