
Rome and Resaca roads; General M. L. Smith's division being on my right, its right resting about a quarter of a mile south of the Resaca road, the line of battle crossing that road and about a quarter of a mile north of it, retiring until the formation was nearly parallel with our line of communication-the Resaca and Villanow road. Osterhaus' division connected with its left, and continued the line substantially in the same direction. Harrow's division was in reserve. In connection with the forces of General Dodge, this disposition covered the eastern approach to Snake Creek Gap. On the 10th skirmishing was kept up with the enemy's light troops during the entire day. Indications going to show that the enemy contemplated an attack i overwhelming force, a new defensive line was selected, nearer the mouth of the gap, in a stronger natural position.

In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 5, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, I commenced withdrawing my command about 3 a. m. of the 11th, and by 6 a. m. had occupied the new position on the left of the Resaca road, the right of M. L. Smith's division resting on the road, Osterhaus in the center, connecting with him, and Harrow on the left. The pickets were withdrawn soon after the troops without loss. The 11th was occupied in completing the works. On the 12th I moved General M. L. Smith's division toward Resaca, to the intersection of the Dalton and Rome road, as a support to Kilpatrick's cavalry, the whole movement being a reconnaissance in force with a view of developing the force and position of the enemy in our immediate front. On the morning of May 13, in pursuance of Special Field Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, the divisions of Osterhaus and Harrow moved out of their works and advanced on the Resaca road to the cross-roads, two miles from Resaca, where I deployed them into line of battle on the left of Morgan L. Smith's division. The line being perfected at about 1 p. m. the command, preceded by a strong line of skirmishers, commenced steadily driving the enemy toward Resaca, over broken and irregular ground, with heavy growths of timber and underbrush, with occasional small cleared fields. The enemy's skirmish fire was rapid and effective, but he made no decided stand until our line debouched from the woods into a wide extent of cleared fields, along the farther edge of which at a distance of about 700 yards, extended a range of commanding hills, which bounded the valley of the Oostenaula River on the west, but their particular direction was that of Camp Creek, a small stream whose banks they fringed. The enemy having taken position on those hills, their infantry firing from behind slight barricades and pits, and having opened artillery with some effect, some pieces of the First and Fourth Divisions were placed in position, and the rebel battery promptly silenced. I then moved forward the entire line,which advanced steadily, and resisting drove the enemy from his position and carried the Camp Creek hills. The crests immediately on the right and left of the road overlooked the enemy's forts, the town of Resaca, and the railroad and bridge over the Oostenaula River. I caused artillery to be placed in position on these crests, and opened vigorously, causing considerable confusion and interrupting the passage of railroad trains. My lines were formed in the most advantageous positions, using, wherever practicable, the crests of the Camp Creek hills, General M. L. Smith's division, being on our right of the Resaca road, and extending across

