
this day the enemy attacked the skirmishers of the brigade, consisting of the Fourteenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted) and detachments from other regiments, all under command of Colonel Camp, Fourteenth Texas. With a heavy force they succeeded in gaining a portion of the line of pits and compelled the regiment of the whole. The movement, however, was made in good order, and especially on that part of the line where Colonel Camp happened to be. The coolness and decision of this officer on this occasion reflected great credit upon him. Another skirmish line was established and held until the withdrawal of the troops had been accomplished. On the morning of the 22nd the brigade had taken position in front of Atlanta between the Marietta and Turner's Ferry roads, its center resting at the redan first occupied by Ward's battery, and were busily engaged in constructing a continuous line of intrenchments and a line of pits for skirmishers, both of with were speedily and substantially completed and strengthened-the main line by two substantial rows of abatis, one of sharpened stakes firmly set in the ground in an inclined position, the other of brush sharpened (the skirmish by one of brush). In the two succeeding days the brigade also constructed a rectangular redoubt for infantry, about fifty feet square, on its left flank.

During all these operations, and up to 27th of July, the brigade was under command of Brigadier General M. D. Ector. On that day, while in the redan occupied by Ward's battery and directing the fire of the same, General Ector received, by a piece of shell which exploded in the redan, a painful wound above the left knee, which caused the amputation of the left leg about midway the thigh. A piece of the same shell, I may mention, inflicted upon the gallant Captain Ward a mortal wound. From that day to the present time the command has evolved upon myself.

Before proceeding I must be permitted to pay tribute to the gallantry and sterling worth of General Ector. During most of the campaign, having but a single staff officer, he had borne upon his own shoulders to an unusual degree the burden of the management of his brigade. Yet, though often feeble, by his patriots zeal, his tireless energy, his undaunted bravery, he was enabled to perform every task imposed with promptness, and to conduct his brigade through every contest and trial with great credit and honor.

On the afternoon of the 27th of July the brigade was ordered to move to the left, and on the morning of the 28th relieved Cantey's brigade, taking position in trenches, with the resting near the redan, several hundred yards to the left of the Turner's Ferry toad, occupied by Hoskins' battery. About 3 p. m. on the 28th I received orders to report to Major-General Walthall, on the Lick Skillet road. The brigade was reported, as directed, two miles beyond our intrenchments, but General Walthall was in command of Stewart's corps, and referred me to Brigadier-General Quarles, commanding his division. In obedience to orders the brigade took two position in reserve and immediately constructed at each temporary breast-works. Finally, about dark, the brigade was placed in echelon by wings on General Quarles' left, the extreme left of the entire line of skirmishers having been thrown out from the second position. At 11 p. m. moved, b direction of General Quarles, to the position from which we had gone out. The brigade remained in this position, perfecting the works and strengthening them by an addition of brush and row of stake abatis, until the afternoon of the

