
and feel of the enemy strongly. At same time ordered Captain Hoskins to put two pieces artillery in position at the chapel and open on the enemy, who were in view between that point and the river. The two regiment advanced, and after a sharp contest drove the enemy's skirmishers from their pits. Continuing the advance they next received a fire from a line of the enemy behind a continuous intrenchment. Here the contest was maintain for some time and the result sent back to the brigade commander. The information was refereed to Major-General French, who had been present during the operations. Captain Hoskins had also been replied to by a battery of the enemy. General French thought the position and force of the enemy sufficiently ascertained, and by his direction I directed the battery withdraw and the skirmishers to retire. The column was then moved back in the direction of Atlanta, and at dark the brigade was deployed as skirmishers along the line of works recently occupied by the enemy from Turner's Ferry road to the left. On the 29th returned to the position so long occupied. On the 31st, at 3 p. m., Major-General French communicated to me information received through Lieutenant-General Stewart that a party of 300 of the enemy had left the railroad bridge on the Chattahoochee on a reconnaissance, and instructed me to go with sufficient force in search of them. I moved immediately with four regiments down the Turner's Ferry road till within two miles of the river, then turned to the right and moved across to the Marietta road, striking it also about two miles from the river; moved a mile nearer the river, when, night overtaking me, faced about and moved by the Marietta road to Atlanta. The reconnoitering party of the enemy had returned about 12 m.

By September 1 the brigade had almost completed along its entire front a palisade work eight feet above the ground. At 9 p. m. on this day took in advance of the division the march from Atlanta. After a tedious march reached Lovejoy's Station about 3 p. m. on the 3rd of September and took position east of the railroad in reserve of the division. On the evening of the 4th took position in line on left of the division, connecting with Adams' brigade, Loring's division. Here built substantial intrenchments, and had in part covered them by stake abatis when, on the morning of the 6th, the enemy were found to have evacuated their works in front.

For the more particular operations of each regiment I would respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders, herewith inclosed.

The casualties of the brigade have been previously furnished in a separate report.

During the time comprehended by this report the officers and men of this brigade have evinced the highest qualities of the soldier, though they have not participated in a pitched battle. Their courage, patience, and endurance have been frequently severely tested. They have never been found wanting in either. As they may not be found recorded elsewhere, I deem it fitting to record here the names of the officers of the brigade who have laid down laid down their lives while nobly battling in freedom's behalf during this eventful campaign-Lieutenant J. B. Carty, Company I, and Lieutenant J. B. Ferrell, Company G, of the Ninth Texas Infantry; Lieutenant L. Deboard, Thirty-second Texas Cavalry; Lieutenant F. N. Sherrill, Company H, Twenty-ninth North Carolina Infantry; Lieutenant J. F. Norman (Company D), D. R. Balding (Company E), and W. T. West (Company B), Thirty-ninth North Carolina Regiment.

