
Would that the name of each private might also be so remembered, but it is impossible. Casualties occurred almost daily in all the regiments, and in the aggregate are as great as they would have been in a pitched battle.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. YOUNG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major D. W. DANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, French's Division.

Numbers 704.

Report of Colonel William H. Young, Ninth Texas Infantry, of operations June 27.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH TEXAS INFANTRY,June 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of some observations made by myself from the southern part of Little Kenesaw Mountain on the morning of the 27th instant.

The first indication observed was the formation of the lines of infantry behind the enemy's main line of works, to the right of the road leading by the house formerly occupied by General Johnston as headquarters to Marietta. Shortly after this formation began the enemy's batteries on either side of the road opened our line, and soon a line of skirmishers rose from the advanced works of the enemy to the left of said road, and advanced on a run into the strip of woods dividing the fields on the left of the road. At the western edge of the field, next to our works, were a line of rifle-pits occupied by our men. Some time after the enemy's skirmishers had entered the strip of woods the line their infantry moved by the right flank out of the works to the right of the road across the road, and facing to the front commenced rather obliquely to the right toward the strip of woods. About this time our men occupying the pits on this edge of the woods came out from them and retreated across the field. When the lines of the enemy's infantry (two in number) had crossed their outer works they advanced into the strip of woods at a run, and I had seen some few of them at this edge of the woods near the road when I saw a line of men, afterward ascertained to be Confederates, move by the flanks from the southwest corner of the field next our works along the strip of woods, about two-thirds the distance from the corner of the field to the road, when they halted and occupied the rifle-pits contiguous to them. The pits next the road were not reoccupied. After the lapse of some time these men opened a sharp fire, and soon after a heavy line of the enemy appeared at the edge of the woods immediately at the rifle-pits, and could be distinctly seen firing down into the pits. After a short but spirited contest, a few of our men succeeded in getting out of the pits and retreated across the field under a fire from the enemy, but it was my impression that a greater portion of them were killed or captured. Very soon after this I left the top of the mountain. Just before leaving some one called my attention

58 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

