
to the fact the enemy were advancing also in the woods to the right of the road. Upon looking I could see some few among the trees, which prevented, however, the movements there from being distinctly see, Captain Booty, of the Tenth Texas Cavalry, and Lieutenant Gibbons, of the Fourteenth Texas Cavalry, were with me during the time.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. YOUNG,

Colonel Ninth Texas Infantry.

Captain TOAD HUNTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

{Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Kenesaw Mountain, June 28, 1864.

This report chiefly relates to the operation of the enemy on the left of the Marietta road, which formed the right of Walker's division.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Numbers 705.

Reports of Brigadier General Francis M. Cockrell, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations June 27 and July 17-September 7.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MISSOURI BRIGADE,Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that about 8 a. m. to-day a very heavy line of skirmishers, closely followed by two lines of battle, advanced into the skirt of timber in front of the open field at the foot and south of Kenesaw Mountain, just south of the road leading from Marietta to General Johnston's old headquarters, and drove in the extreme right of the line of skirmishers resting on the northwestern corner of the said open field, and immediately began to press back the left flank of my skirmishers, which rested in the bottom just north of the road. All the reserves of my skirmish line were thrown out to protect my left flank, and the enemy's skirmishers were held in check until the lines of battle closely following closed in upon them. when this was done the enemy rapidly drove back my left and center, passing along the base of Kenesaw Mountain in front of my main line. The companies on the right of my skirmish line were holding the enemy in check in their immediate front, but the enemy advanced so rapidly against and in rear of my left that before Lieutenant-Colonel Carter, commanding skirmishers, ordered the right of the line to fall back the enemy had gained their rear and they were thus exposed to a double fire, and in falling back were compelled to pass through the enemy's lines, and many thus fell into their hands.

Lieutenant Samuel Ross, a most gallant officer, and 41 men are now missing, many of whom are known to be either killed or wounded. My skirmishers fought very stubbornly and were pressed back up the gorge on the right, followed by the enemy at the distance of thirty to forty paces. The enemy appeared in force on the west

