
edge of the open field on my left, but were quickly driven back into the woods by a few volleys from the left of my main line. They also appeared in force at the base of the mountain in front my left regiment, but were easily kept back in the woods. In front of Colonel McCown's regiment, the second from my left, they made an assault in force and succeeded in getting within twenty-five paces of the works, and secreting themselves behind rock and other shelter held this position for fifteen or twenty minutes, and were distinctly heard by my officers in the main line to give the command "fix bayonet." They advanced up the gorge along the line as far as my right, and succeeded in gaining the spur of the main mountain in front of my right and on General Sears' left at point higher up than my main line, and for some time had a plunging fire on my works. All attempts on my line were handsomely repulsed with loss to them.

The bodies of 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and some 30 soldiers of the enemy were left dead in my front, and so close to my lines that they could not be carried off. A number of their wounded also fell into our hands, and 1 or 2 prisoners.

My loss in the engagement to-day has been 10 killed, 2 mortally wounded, 27 severely, 28 slightly, and 42 missing, as before stated, making an aggregate of 109. Lieutenant A. D. Manning, a minister of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church and a most exemplary Christian, is among the killed and 27 of the wounded belonged to Colonel McCown's regiment, where the heaviest assault was made.

From memoranda found on the bodies of the dead, and from the statement of the captured, wounded, and prisoners, a portion of the old Fifteenth U. S. Army Corps, commanded by Major General John A. Logan, it is manifest, was in our front, and orders to assault and carry Kenesaw Mountain. The engagement along my front lasted nearly an hour. A portion of Colonel McCown's regiment fired sixty rounds to the man.

Respectfully submitted.

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI BRIGADE,September 6, 1864-7 p. m.

MAJOR: I have just returned with my brigade from the front, and have the honor to report that, in obedience to the permission granted me by Major-General French, I moved with my brigade along the Jonesborough road, and first encountered the rear of the enemy's army about two miles this side of Jonesborough, and at once began to skirmish with and drive them back. This was about 10 a. m. My skirmishers drove them back steadily and slowly about one mile, and here encountered the enemy posted in strong skirmish pits. The enemy's skirmishers held their position in their pits with much stubbornness, and the skirmishing was quite heavy for about one hour, and the enemy fired two pieces of artillery some ten or twelve times on my skirmishers. I did not use my section of Captain Guibor's battery.

