
Having fully developed the skirmish line of the enemy, my skirmishers charges and drove them from their pits, and they retreated into Jonesborough, and thence to the line of works built by Lieutenant-General Hardee, just north of the town. My skirmishers then advanced into the north part of the town and drove the Yankee skirmishers from our old works back to the line occupied by them when attacked by General Hardee.

In these skirmishers we captured 6 prisoners-belonging to Fourteenth Army Corps, and 1 from Fifteenth Army Corps, captured in our old line westward of Jonesborough. From these prisoners, and also from citizens, I learn that the Fourteenth Army Corps has been stationed at Jonesborough since its occupation by the Yankees, and that the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Corps were both in their old works, north of Jonesborough, and probably two other corps, when my skirmishers advanced. The Fourteenth Corps marched through Jonesborough as rear guard.

From citizens and prisoners I learn that the enemy lost from 20 to 30 killed and wounded in my skirmish with them, including 1 lieutenant killed. I lost 10 wounded-7 slightly wounded, including Lieutenant B. F. Welch, Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry, and 3 severely, and I fear mortally, including Lieutenant Strong, of the First and Third Missouri Cavalry (dismounted). My aide-de-camp, N. M. Young, had his horse killed under him.

After finding the enemy in so large force in a fortified position, I withdrew from Jonesborough and marched back from one and a half to two miles, and here found General Gist's division. General Gist and staff were in person present with me during a part of the skirmishing.

After meeting General Gist's division on my return I received orders from him to remain with him during the night, and after halting and remaining till sundown I then received authority from him to return. When near our present line I received Lieutenant-General Stewart's order to return. The enemy evinced no disposition to, advance, and acted entirely on the defensive, and the stubborn resistance of the skirmishers was, I think, owing to the fact that their train had not arrived inside their fortifications just north of the town. When I withdrew they did not pursue. The railroad track is torn up in places and the ties burned and the rails bent in other places. Near Jonesborough it is completely destroyed. From what I have seen and learned from prisoners and citizens, Sherman is falling back to Atlanta with his main army.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI BRIGADE,I n the Field, September 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Missouri brigade in the operations of the Army of Tennessee, under command of General J. B. Hood, from July 17 to September 7:

When General Hood assumed command of the army July 17 [18] I was absent in consequence of a wound previously received, and that

