
gallant and fearless officer, Colonel Elijah Gates, of the First and Third Missouri Cavalry (dismounted), was in command of the brigade, and continued in command of the brigade till August 8, when I returned and assumed command, and I am wholly indebted to Colonel Gates for all the operations of the brigade during my absence.

On the morning of July 17 this brigade occupied a line of temporary works just commenced south of the Chattahoochee River, and labored assiduously in completing and strengthening the same during that day and during the 18th, 19th, and to 12 m. 20th, and then moved by the right flank to Peach Tree Creek road, and then fronted and moved to the front by the right of companies about half a mile, and formed in line about 5 p. m., with the right resting in rear of Selden's battery, then engaged in a fierce artillery duel. The brigade was a reserve, and was ordered by Major-General French to keep at a distance of 400 yards from Major-General Walthall's division. The brigade remained in this position till after dark, and then moved back to the original position on the Chattahoochee south of Peach Tree Creek. Although the brigade did not have an opportunity to fire, yet it was exposed to a heavy artillery fire, particularly the right regiment, the First and Third Missouri Cavalry (dismounted). The losses of this day were Sergeant Craighead, Company B, killed, and Captain H. Wilkerson and Lieutenant J. T. Mahan, both excellent officers, and 6 men, all of the First and Third Missouri Cavalry, wounded, and from the First and Fourth Missouri Infantry 3 severely wounded, from the Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry 2 wounded, and from Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry 1 slightly wounded, making an aggregate loss of 1 killed and 14 wounded.

On the morning of July 21 the brigade was moved to the right about one mile and half, and deployed at intervals of four paces, and so remained till night-fall, when it was moved to the immediate defenses of Atlanta, and took a position west of the city, with the right resting on Turner's Ferry road, and at once began the construction of field-works, and here performed immense labor, working by day and by night. The brigade was here formed in one rank and completed works covering its front in one rank, and was` then moved to the left a greater distance than its front in one rank, and at once constructed works covering its new front, and when these last were completed moved back to its first position with the right on Turner's Ferry road. The brigade not only completed this long line of works, twice the length of the brigade in one rank, but also constructed a triple line of picker works, with abatis between each line, in front of the main line, and also digger a continuous rifle-pit for the entire skirmish line, and constructed in its front a line of picket work with an abatis, and in rear of this skirmish line constructed a reserve skirmish line with picket work and abatis in its front, and in addition to all this did much labor in construction of redoubts for the batteries.

On the 6th day of August three regiments (First and Third Cavalry, Second and Sixth Infantry, and Third and Fifth Infantry) of this brigade and two regiments of Brigadier-General Sears' brigade, all under command of Colonel Gates, were ordered to advance and feel the enemy's position in front and develop the same, and at once moved forward, engaged and drove back the enemy's skirmishers, and advanced about three-quarters of a mile to the front, in view of the main line of the enemy, and withdrew at 12 m. to our main line. In this day's operations the brigade suffered the following loss: Lieutenant

