
J. R. Mothershead, of Company B, Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry (a most gallant officer and exemplary Christian gentleman), killed, and 5 privates of the First and Fourth Infantry, 6 privates of Second and Sixth, 3 privates of Third and Fifth Infantry, and 4 privates of First and Third Cavalry, wounded, making an aggregate loss of 1 killed and 18 wounded.

From the 6th to the 26th of August there was continued skirmishing, and my main line was exposed to artillery fire and random minieballs, and from August 10 to 26, both inclusive, my brigade suffered losses daily.

August 16 Lieutenant F. M. Baker, of Company E, Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry, the model officer and Christian, was mortally wounded and afterward died.

August 14 Lieutenant F. Reeves, Company K, First and Fourth Infantry, was slightly wounded.

August 19 Captain C. L. Edmondson, Company K, First and Fourth Infantry, an efficient and gallant officer, was severely wounded.

August 23 Colonel Elijah Gates, of the First and Third Cavalry, was slightly wounded in right arm. This was the second wound received by Colonel Gates during the campaign, having been slightly wounded in left arm June; but Colonel Gates never left the post of hardships, duty, and danger for either wound.

August 20 Lieutenant Colonel James K. McDowell, of the Third and Fifth Missouri Infantry, a most fearless, efficient, and accomplished officer, was killed while in charge of a fatigue partly in front of the main line.

August 25 Captain Bradford Keith, of Company G. First and Fourth Missouri Infantry, a brave and reliable officer, was killed while commanding the brigade skirmishers. Captain Keith had just been most favorably recommended for promotion to major of the First Missouri Infantry.

August 26, the enemy had withdrawn from my immediate front, and on the evening of the day Lieutenant Colonel D. Todd Samuel, of the First and Third Missouri Cavalry, in command of the brigade skirmishers, was ordered to advance his line and develop the enemy's force in their rear lines of works in my front, and while most gallantly leading the skirmish line against the enemy was killed.

From August 26 to September 1 we remained quietly in our works, sending out scouting parties, two of which (composed each time in part of the same men, and both under command of Lieutenant G. R. Cannon, of the First and Fourth Infantry) were very successful, having crossed the Chattahoochee twice, captured prisoners, and mules and horses, and gained valuable information, and returned with their prisoners and booty safely. The particulars of these, with the name of the parties, have been heretofore fully reported. On the night of September 1 Atlanta was evacuated, and this brigade, in rear of the corps and division, marched through Atlanta and thence on the McDonough road, marching all night, all the day of September 2, and till 10 o'clock of that night.

On the evening of September 3 we arrived at the line of works north of Lovejoy's Station, and at once relieved a portion of the line occupied by Bate's division, Hardee's corps, with my left resting near to and of the railroad.

On the night of september 4 we moved to the left and occupied the line, with my right resting on the railroad. These works were indifferent and exposed to an enfilading, and in some places almost

