
exemplary cheerfulness, and a most determined, unflinching perseverance and energy; and in commendation of all alike I bear my personal testimony.

The members of my staff-Captain J. M. Loughborough, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. M. Flangan, assistant inspector-general; aide-de-camp; Captain J. M. Weidemeyer, acting ordnance officer; Major A. G. Anderson, commissary of subsistence; and Captain A. Danner, brigade quartermaster-have all, in their respective positions, faithfully discharged their every duty. Captain B. F. Herr, assistant quartermaster, of the Second and Sixth Missouri Infantry, has served on my staff a portion of the time, and rendered me most valuable service.

Especially do I command to your most favorable consideration and action Colonel Elijah Gates, of the First and Third Missouri Cavalry (dismounted), for his judgment, skill, and gallant bearing at all times and amid all dangers.

I have the honor, major, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 706.

Report of Brigadier General Claudius W. Sears, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations August 4-27.
HEADQUARTERS SEARS' BRIGADE,September 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor of rendering the following condensed report of operations of this brigade while on the Atlanta line:

On the evening of the 4th of August the enemy drove in our vedettes. Our main picket-line, under Colonel Clark, Forty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, charged the enemy and drove him back, regiment our position against a heavy force. Loss of the enemy supposed to be heavy. We captured 21 prisoners (small-arms not counted), 2 Spencer rifles, knapsacks, intrenching tools, &amp;c. We lost in killed, 7; wounded, 25; missing, 1. The gallantry of the Forty-sixth Mississippi Regiment was highly commended in this affair.

On the 6th of August picket-line, under Major Durr, Thirty-ninth Mississippi Regiment, made a demonstration against the enemy's lines, which continues about one hour, with a loss as follows: Killed, 3; wounded, 16. On the same day the Thirty-fifth Mississippi Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Shotwell, was detached to from a reconnoitering party, under command of Colonel Gates, Missouri brigade. They advance about 1,000 yards and took position in the enemy's vacated picket-line. Loss-killed, 1.

On the 12th of August at daybreak our picket-line, composed of Thirty-fifth Mississippi Regiment and sixty men from Lieutenant-Colonel Pound's dismounted cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Shotwell, Thirty-fifth Mississippi Regiment, had its vedettes

