
soldier stepped out with alacrity and confidence, although they were ignorant of what might be the additional strength opposed to them. My command advanced within sixty yards of the enemy before we were discovered, when they fired, the balls mostly passing over us, at which time I ordered, "Fire and charge with a yell." The men gallantly charged the enemy out of our original vedette line, passed beyond into the vedette line of the enemy, when I ordered them to fall back to our original vedette line. The enemy reformed behind some hills in our front, and advanced in two lines of battle with a heavy skirmish line in front, but the steady bearing, defiant shout and galling fire of the troops under me drove them back. The officers of the enemy could be heard endeavoring to rally their men, but they could not succeed. Night coming found us in possession of our original vedette line, when I doubled the sentinels on the vedette posts and withdrew the regiment of the troops to the picket-line.

My command numbered in the aggregate 420 men. We lost in killed 7, and 25 wounded and 1 missing. We took 21 prisoners, some small-arms, among which were two fine Spencer rifles, shooting sixteen time before reloading, knapsacks, intrenching tools, &amp;c.

I had no data by which to estimate the number of the enemy killed and wounded with any degree of accuracy, but our own and the vedette posts of the enemy being very near each other, the enemy's vedettes acknowledged a loss of killed and wounded at 250. Subsequently a Yankee paper fell into the hands of some of my officers, in which was stated that in the acting of the 4th of August they lost between 300 and 400 men, and that they were driven back by a superior force, and that they had a part of three corps in the action.

It were invidious to particularize any officer when all acted so gallantly.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. H. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-sixth Mississippi Regiment.

Major DOUGLAS WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 708.

Report of Major General Edward C. Walthall, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations June 27 and July 18-September 3.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION,Kenesaw Mountain, July 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in obedience to orders, the following report of the part taken by my division in the combat of Monday, 27th of June:

The division occupied a position in the line with its right resting on the Marietta and Big Shanty road, extending to the left up the Big Kenesaw Mountain and down its western declivity into the gorge between it and the Little Kenesaw, with the brigades in the following order from right to left: Quarles', Cantey's, Reynolds', the first commanded by Brigadier General William A. Quarles, the second

