HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S DIVISION,August 31, 1864.

MAJOR: I submit the following report of losses in my division in front of Marietta on the 27th of June last; also a statement of the estimated loss of the enemy in the same affair:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

Quarles' brigade	 .....	 1	 .....	 5

Reynolds' brigade	 1	 4	 .....	 9

Cantey's brigade	 .....	 .....	 .....	 8

Total.....	 1	 5	 .....	 22

a Five men slightly wounded in Quarles' brigade.

b Two men severely wounded and 8 slightly in Cantey's brigade.

Brigadier-General Reynolds estimated the loss of the enemy in this front at 50 killed and wounded. Brigadier-General Quarles, the position of whose line rendered it liable to a more general assault, estimated his loss (the enemy's) at 300. Colonel O'Neal, commanding Cantey's brigade, estimated the enemy's loss in his front at 30 killed and wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

Major DOUGLAS WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. WALTHALL'S DIVISION, STEWART'S CORPS,Verena, Miss., January 14, 1865.

I respectfully submit the following of the operations of my command from the 18th of July, 1864, till the close of the campaign in Tennessee:

Since July 10 this division, except Brigadier General D. H. Reynold's brigade, had been in bivouac about five miles west of Atlanta Early on the morning of the 18th Quarles' and Cantey's brigades were put in position, the line extending in the direction of the road from Atlanta to Pace's Ferry from a point near the Marietta road, where the left rested. Reynolds' brigade, which on the 14th instant had been posted at the bridge across Peach Tree Creek, on the Pace's Ferry road, to support the cavalry and to burn the bridge when all our troops had crossed, was relieved on 19th by Gist's brigade, and Brigadier-General Reynolds was directed, under instructions from corps headquarters, to cover the space along the creek, about two miles in extent, between the command which had just relieved him and Adams' brigade, near Moore's Mill. While in the act of establishing his line he was suddenly assailed by a force much large then his own, which had already crossed the creek, and in a sharp conflict which ensued, wherein a part of Adams' command participated, he captured 2 stand of colors and about 100 prisoners, and the enemy, though opposed by an inferior

