
force at great disadvantage, was checked and suffered heavy loss. For details reference is made to his report of the affair, which is submitted herewith.

On the morning of the 20th Reynolds' brigade, having been relived by that of Brigadier General W. A. Quarles, returned and took its place in line. About 11 o'clock I was directed by Lieutenant-General Stewart to prepare for a movement, and informed that the army, after moving two brigades front to the right, at 1 o'clock would advance upon the enemy; that the movement would be in echelon by division at intervals of 200 yards, commencing on the right, and I was directed in observance of this arrangement to guide by Loring's division to my right in the line. Quarles' brigade was to be where it then was, with orders to await the advance of my division past its front, and then, forming in its rear, to keep in supporting distance. I was to carry but one battery, leaving the other two in position on the line we were to move from. Lieutenant-General Stewart advised me that the design was, when the enemy were driven back to the creek, to press down it to the left, in which event it would be necessary for successive commands, as those on their right became engaged, to give distance and swing slightly to the left. The movement made to the right was much more than two brigade lengths, and when in had been accomplished, Cantey's (my right) brigade, commanded by Colonel E. A. O'Neal, extended more than half its length to the right of the Pace's Ferry road. The hour was as late as 2.30 when the advance began, and from some cause unknown to me, the movement as planned so far miscarried as to compel my command, in guiding right, instead of swinging to the left, to move in the opposite direction so far that when I engaged the enemy the entire line, except about half of my left brigade, was to the right of the Pace's Ferry road and far to the right of Quarles' position. I moved by right of companies to the front till I reached the point where my skirmish line had been posted, near---Church, and then came into line. The enemy had no works where we first encountered him, and was easily driven back to his intrenched line near Peach Tree Creek, but from this it was impossible to dislodge him. At several point along the works in my front my troops carried the line, but for want of general co-operations and equal success at other points, these lodgments had to be abandoned, the detachments effecting them retiring to the line occupied by the main body near the enemy's intrenchments, in every case bringing with them prisoners captured within them. Support being required on my right I made known the fact to the lieutenant-general commanding, who ordered the Twenty-fourth South Carolina Regiment, commanded by its lieutenant-colonel, to report to me. Before this regiment arrived Colonel O'Neal, commanding Cantey's brigade, reported to me that his center was broken, and when the regiment came up I gave Colonel O'Neal control of it restore and strengthen his line. Just then Colonel J. R. White, of Fifty-third Tennessee Regiment, division officer of the day, came up with the skirmishers who had covered my front when the advance was made, whom he had been instructed to from, when needed no longer as skirmishers, and hold in readiness to move to any point where support might be needed. I directed him also to report to Colonel O'Neal.

When we first struck the enemy in his intrenchments it was discovered that his right extended far beyond our line, and the left of

