
Reynolds' brigade was subjected to a galling fire from a force that fell upon his flank, was firmly endured with order undisturbed till Selden's battery, under the immediate command of Lieutenant Lovelace, was gotten into an advantageous position, where it was so skillfully and rapidly severed that the flanking force was soon driven off in confusion.

Major W. C., Preston, the gallant and accomplished officer who commanded the battalion of artillery attached to my division, was with me on the field, and lost his life by a cannon shot from the enemy while personally superintending in an exposed position the firing of section of Selden's battery directed against the force which had turned my left.

Between sunset and dark Brigadier-General Quarles, whom a short time before Lieutenant-General Stewart directed should be withdrawn from the position he had occupied, arrived with his command and took position in rear of Cantey's brigade, and there remained till after dark. Firing had now ceased, and soon I was directed to withdraw to the position I held in the morning.

accompanying this I send up the reports of subordinate officers showing their losses and the particular parts taken by their commands in this engagement. I need make no special mention of the bering of my command on this occasion, as Lieutenant-General Stewart was present and observed it in person.

On the night of the 21st of July I was directed to retire my command to the position assigned me in the line around Atlanta on the left of the Marietta road, Loring on the right and French on the left. Early on the morning of the 22nd I received orders to hold myself in readiness for action, but no movement was ordered which involved my command. The line I was naturally weak, much of it being lower than commanding points without held by the enemy, and it was so near the salient at Ponder's house that without heavy traverses to shelter the men from the fire which came from the right it would have been untenable. This weakness, however, was cured by constant labor, so between night and day in strengthening the earth front that the line became in a few days so strong that it could not have been carried by any force against even a thin line of resolute troops, aided by the artillery then in position. On the morning of the 25th of July my division was relieved by a part of Major General G. W. Smith's command of Georgia State troops, and withdrawn to a position of shelter and support in rear, leaving out its line of skirmishers in front, and these I was ordered to relieve and supply till further orders. On 26th Major Youngblood, with his battalion of Government mechanics from Columbus, Ga., was ordered to report to me, and on the following day Colonel John McGuirk, commanding Gholon's brigade, was temporarily assigned to my command. The two having less than 500 effective men, I attached them both, for the short time they were with me, to Reynolds' brigade, which was greatly reduced.

On the morning of the 28th of July I moved my command to a point on the Lick Skillet road just in rear of our line of works, and soon after Lieutenant-General Stewart had indicated to me where to halt, and parted from me to ride out on the Lick Skillet road, a messenger from him came to direct me to move rapidly out on the road to a point near the Poor-House, where Lieutenant-General Lee's troops were engaged and where I would received orders. My command was

