
and from that time there was slight skirmishing along the front both division till night, and about 10 o'clock we moved, by orders from the general commanding, within the line of works around the city.

I beg leave to refer to subordinate reports, which accompany this, for a fuller statement of the details of the engagement than can be furnished here, and for a full account of casualties as well as the names of those who had an opportunity of distinguishing themselves.

On the 29th of July, under instructions from Major-General Cheatham, commanding Stewart's corps, I conducted my command back to the point from which it had been moved the morning before, and was notified that the skirmishers in front of the Georgia State troops, some of whom were upon the line formerly held by Major-General Stevenso, on the right of the Marietta road, would thereafter be furnished from his division and my own jointly. On the morning of 31st the corps was put in the trenches, commencing at the Lick Skillet road, on the left, and by this arrangement my right, being the extreme right of the corps, rested near the Marietta road, my troops in single rank and Major-General French's division on my left. After this, it being supposed it might became necessary to hold our intrenched line with a very small force, much labor was spent upon our works, already very strong, in strengthening them by every means in our power and multiplying the obstructions in front. During the time skirmishing was incessant and frequently very heavy cannonading both day and night. Efforts were constantly made to drive in the skirmish line, which, being strongly intrenched, held its ground and had no occasion to use much stronger works in its rear, which had been prepared to be occupied when the first line became untenable. In view of the probability that there might be a necessity for throwing my command to some point to my right, and to enable my troops in such event to cross the exposed point near Ponder's house without loss, I was directed to cut a ditch to severe as a covered way across the salient on the right of the Marietta road. Much of this work could only be done during the night, as was the case with that done along the line and in front of it. From the enemy's batteries, which were constantly changing position, and from the fire of his skirmish line, as well as his sharpshooters, who were very active and accurate, casualties, of course, were constantly occurring, and from this and the sickness engendered by exposure to the sun in the trenches, and the immense tax upon the powers of the men in the fatigue duties they had to perform at night, and the heavy and trying service they did on the skirmish line, the brigades grew perceptibly weaker from day to day.

On the night of the 18th of August I was information by the general commanding, in presence of Lieutenant-General Stewart, that it was determined to withdraw my command from the trenches and post it near the headquarters of the army, where it was to be held in readiness at time to move to any point where support might be needed, and he directed me to move at 3 o'clock the following morning. On the 19th he called on me to furnish him a brigade, to be sent by reil to the rear, to aid the cavalry in repelling a raiding paltry who were threatening our connections. Brigadier-General Reynolds was sent to report for this duty with his own brigade and a small detachment of Quarles' brigade, furnished to supply the place of some of his own men not yet relieved on the skirmish line.

