
He return on 22nd and report to the general commanding the action of his command in an engagement with a heavy force of cavalry, which was encountered near Lovejoy's Station and driven off.

On the evening of the 19th I was directed by General Hood to take my command by rail to East Point to support Major-General Cleburne, who held the extreme left of our line, but before this order was executed it was so far modified as to require me to take but one brigade, the other to follow if additional force were found necessary on my arrival. The next morning I was ordered back, and during the following week from time to time was sent to first one and then another point along the line where it was supposed support might be necessary. On the 27th, after the enemy's left wing had disappeared from our front, I was directed to advance one brigade toward the Chattahoochee River along the railroad, and report whether any force was to be seen. Accordingly Brigadier-General Quarles was sent with his command, and reported on his return that his skirmish had gone within half a mile of the railroad bridge and found a force encamped on this side and that a large camp was visible beyond. On 18th Brigade-General Reynolds, under instructions from General Hood went with his brigade to Jonesborough, and was not under my orders again till he rejoined me on the march to Lovejoy's Station.

On the 1st of September I was directed to move out on the Marietta road to meet a force of the enemy reported advancing. About two miles and a half out I hayed, and sending skirmishers to the neighborhood of the river and finding no enemy, I returned. Reaching my camp after dark I received orders from Lieutenant General Stewart to move with the corps out of Atlanta in the direction of McDonough, in six miles of which place we encamped the following night. The next day we resumed the march, and turning toward Lovejoy's Station, that evening reached the right of Hardee's line, when I was directed to take position in support of Major-General Cleburne. The next day I was ordered to rejoin my own corps and bivouac on its left, with a line of skirmishers out in extension of Major-General Loring's.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Major-General.

Captain W. D. GALE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 709.

Report of Brigadier General William A. Quarles, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations June 27 and July 20 and 28.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Kenesaw Mountain, July 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I ask permission to adopt the clear, and concise report of Major Knox of the affair of the 27th.

During the action I had a position on the mountain side above the field in which the fight occurred, and hence could see the whole line.

---------------

*For continuation of report relating to operations in North Georgia and North Alabama, and the movement into Tennessee (Nashville campaign), see Cols. XXXIX and XLV.

59 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

---------------

