
the assaulting columns. The average distance to the objective point was about one-third of a mile, over a marshy bottom, nearly clear of standing timber, but full of fallen tree trunks and thickets, and intersected with miry sloughs. At ten minutes before 6 p. m. the advance sounded, and the lines of gallant men started at the double-quick over the difficult ground, followed by the cheers of their fellow soldiers on the Camp Creek hills, and met by a storm of lead and iron from the enemy. The rebel infantry poured in from the hills in front a close, destructive, and well-directed fire. The artillery from their forts opened in one continuous roar. The direction of most of their artillery fire was at first diagonally across the lines, the angle growing less as the storming column advanced, until it nearly enfiladed them. Their practice was excellent, the bursting of shells directly over the devoted lines seemed continuous, but neither thicket, nor slough, nor shot, nor shell, distracted for a moment the attention of the stormers from their objective point. Lines temporarily disarranged were reorganized without slackening the speed, until, without firing a shot, they, at the point of the bayonet, planted their colors on the summits of the conquered hills. Under the soldierly and efficient direction of their brigade commanders the troops were at once disposed in the most advantageous positions for holding the ground, and for protection from the artillery fire still furiously kept up. Pioneers and intrenching tools were sent over, and work was immediately commenced making rifle-pits. The indications being that additional troops had been brought up by the enemy, and that an attempt would be made to retake the hills, the vigilant brigade commanders kept their troops ready for every emergency, and the line of skirmishers well advanced and on the alert. The indications proved true, and about 7.30 o'clock in the evening the skirmishers came in, and shortly after them a large force of the enemy, in column of regiments, advanced to the assault. They were met by a withering fire, which, at first, they received steadily, soon shook, and finally broke their lines and forced them to retire and reform. It being evident that their lines were of greater extend than ours, and that their next attack would endanger our flanks, General Lightburn's brigade, of the Second Division, was sent to their assistance. This brigade responded in the most prompt and a gallant manner. From the Camp Creek hills they had seen the progress of the engagement; had noted the first repulse of the enemy, and as the red flame from the muskets (showing plainly through the night) defined exactly the position of the opposing forces, they had seen the lines of the enemy gradually closing around and in rear of our flanks, every man felt he would be needed, and without orders prepared to go; so that when the orders came it needed but the word, and the gallant brigade was wading Camp Creek waist deep, and in some places neck deep, and off at the double-quick. General Lightburn reached General Giles A. Smith's position with astonishing quickens, and, forming on his right, the united lines poured a fire on the enemy which swept them entirely from that front, defeated and disheartened. About the time General Lightburn's brigade was sent over, two regiments of the Sixteenth Corps, the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin and Thirty-fifth New Jersey Infantry, were sent over by General McPherson, to re-enforce General Woods in the position where they were most needed, and gallantly did their duty, until, about 10 p. m., the last body of the enemy retired, broken and disheartened, from the field. It was evident to the meanest comprehension

