
above order could not be carried out. About 5 o;'clock another order was received from the major-general commanding, through Lieutenant Smith, informing me of the extension of the line to the right, and ordering me to move up as rapidly as possible to support the division, then going into action. In the execution of this order some little delay was occasioned by the difficulty of withdrawing the left of the line, exposed as it was a severe fire of artillery and small-arms. The brigade arrived at its position in rear of the division about sunset, when we threw out a picket force of 200 men, and the whole force withdrew to the main line of intrenchments.

The casualties on the skirmish line were 7 killed and 17 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. QUARLES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Walthall's Division.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

August 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with directions from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of the 28th ultimo:

On reaching the battle-field my brigade was placed in reserve some fifty yards in rear of the front line, composed of Cantey's and Reynolds' brigades. The division being on the extreme left of the attacking force, I was instructed by the major-general commanding to watch with great vigilance the left flank. In order to do this a third line of skirmishers was deployed down the road a distance of half a mile, with instruction to send out small scouting parties in their front. The report from these scouts satisfied me that the enemy's line of battle did not extend beyond the point of the hill immediately in our front, and from that point his line was retired almost at right angles with his front to protect his flank. In the mean time our front line had been hotly engaged, and an order sent me to advance two of my regiments to support the only battery then on our line. The Forty-ninth and Forty-second Tennessee Regiments were ordered, both under the command of Colonel W. F. Young, acting under the immediate supervision of the major-general commanding. Their gallant conduct is attested by his personal observation. In a few minutes afterward the order came for me to advance, marching by the left oblique until the field in our front was passed, when the whole line fronted and immediately be came hotly engaged. The enemy's resistance was stubborn. He was evidently in large force and fighting from behind breast-works. We gained ground upon them but slowly and at heavy cost, still the line did not falter, nor did it halt until by orders from the major-general commanding I was instructed to hold my position. We were at this time near the enemy's works, varying from twenty-five to fifty paces, and a farther advance with my line of battle, attenuated by casualties to a more line of skirmishers, would have been fatal to the few left, and even if successful in driving him from his works, would have been barren of results. I made application for re-enforcements, but they could not be sent, and simply because every available man subject to the orders of the major-general command-

