
My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Ashton Johnson, of Saint Louis, Mo., was killed in leading one of the regiments in a charge upon the enemy.

Exiled from his home on account of his adherence to our cause, though a mere boy he entered our service with all the ardor of his are, and had already embellished his life with all the marks of a high-toned gentleman, a fearless and chivalrous soldier.

Polh G. Johnson, my acting aide-de-camp,, had his horse shot under him, and being entirely disabled from duty on the field, requested and was permitted to aid serving the guns of Yates' battery. One of my couriers (Hethman) was disabled for duty in a similar manner, and at his request was assigned to similar duty. Another courier (Private McCollum) was severely wounded.

To my corps of assistant surgeons-Drs. A. Gupton, Forty-second Tennessee; R. S. Napier, Forty-ninth Tennessee; J. M. Borders, Forty-sixth and Fifty-fifth Tennessee; S. W. Godwin. Forty-eighth Tennessee; W. H. Buch, Fifty-thirty-third Tennessee, and Lieutenant Neal, acting assistant surgeon, First Alabama-I am much indebted for the zeal and promptness of their conduct. They coolly and deliberately discharged their high but disagreeable duties in the very midst of the engagement.

I cannot refrain from mentioning the conduct of the Rev. J. H. McNeily, chaplain of the Forty-ninth Tennessee Regiment. At all times a consistent and faithful follower of his Master, on this occasion he exhibited the qualities of the Christian soldier. Following the blood-stained path of his regiment, he was everywhere to be seen ministering to the physical and spiritual comfort of the dying and the wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. A. QUARLES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Walthall' Division.

Numbers 710.

Report of Major Samuel L. Knox, First Alabama Infantry, of operations June 27.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, June 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of the enemy's assault on the picket-line of this brigade on the 27th instant:

Immediately after dark on the evening of the 26th instant I was placed on picket with the right wing of my regiment, numbering 188 effective men. About 10 a. m. on the 27th instant the enemy, having already shelled our works very severely, threw forward a very heavy line of skirmishers, moving up at double-quick against my right, which rested in an open field, before a destructive forced them to oblique to the right, thus massing their whole force into a very dense line of battle in front of above one company and a half canter. Their extreme right oblique to the left in a similar manner. By directing the fire of my right companies, however, to the left oblique and

