
the left to the right oblique, I brought my whole strength to bear upon them. At most points of that portion of the line immediately pressed the enemy only succeeded in getting within twenty or twenty-five of the works; at other points they came within ten feet; at one or two point they leaped into the pits, thinking they had carried them, but were forced to surrender. They attempted to from within thirty yards of the works, but found it impossible. About the time we had succeeded in checking their front line they were attempting to from a line of battle in the rear of the first and about 150 yards in our front, under cover of a slight sassafras hedge. A rapid and well-directed fire from the three right companies of my line soon resulted in confusing and dislodging this line. I am informed by officers, who from Kenesaw Mountain had a better point for observation, that the enemy formed another line still in rear of this, rather under cover of their own advance works, but of this I had no knowledge at the time, and hence did not inform the brigadier-general commanding, nor call for re-enforcements.

After the most careful reconnaissance possible I am convinced the loss of the enemy in killed and wounded in front of my line was not less than 300. Other officers estimate that at least 100 were killed. We captured 18 prisoners, one them a Captain Wakefield, I believe, of the Fifty-third Indiana. I can mention only two other commissioned officers who were singled out as such and shot dead Within twenty-five or thirty yards of our works we collected 27 Minie muskets, with accouterments.

The regiment which relieved us arrived promptly at dark, thus allowing us only a few minutes in which to gather the arms, and in the dense sassafras undergrowth it was impossible to make the collection more thorough.

We lost 1 sergeant killed and 5 privates slightly wounded. Two of the latter did not leave the works. I regret the loss, because it may seem to have been unnecessary, inasmuch as the enemy' infantry could not fire while assaulting us; still, some of the enemy, who were checked within thirty feet of our works, fired a few shots, and it was thus our loss occurred.

It would seem unjust to mention any one for distinguished gallantry when every officer and man displayed the most perfect coolness and bravery.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

SAML. L. KNOX,

Major, Commanding First Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Captain G. THOMAS COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 711.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel H. Reynolds, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations June 27, July 14-20 and 28.
HDQRS. REYNOLDS' BRIGADE, WALTHALL'S DIVISION,June 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 27th instant the enemy advanced a heavy line of skirmishers, and

