
after a short interval of brisk skirmishing succeeded in driving in two groups of my skirmishers posted on the left center of my line. This breach, however, was soon replaced, and my original line reestablished.

I lost during the day from my skirmish line 2 killed, 3 severely and 3 slightly wounded. There was no firing from my works. My loss in the trenches was 2 killed, 2 severely and 1 slightly wounded, all from the enemy's artillery, that kept up almost a continual fire upon my brigade during the entire day. Included in the enumeration of killed from my skirmish line was Major L. L. Noles, of the Twenty-fifth Arkansas Infantry, at the time in command of the line, and a very gallant and estimable officer.

Total loss-1 officer killed; 4 men killed, 9 men wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. H. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. REYNOLDS' BRIGADE, WALTHALL'S DIVISION,In front of Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 14th instant my brigade was placed at the bridge over Peach Tree Creek, on the Pace's Ferry and Atlanta road, as a support to the cavalry and to destroy the bridge when our forces should be withdrawn to the south side of the creek.

On the 18th, about 2 p. m., our forces crossed to south side of the creek and the bridge was destroyed. Shortly after the bridge commenced burning the skirmishing commenced across the creek and continued during the night, Captain Yates using one section of his artillery with effect. During the night I extended my pickets to those on the right, and one mile to my left, and within 400 or 500 yards of Brigadier-General Adams' brigade pickets.

At 1 p. m. on the 19th General Gist's brigade relieved me, except eighty men, who could not be relieved from posts on Pace's Ferry road on account of the exposed position, and eighty on my extreme left. I at once moved with my brigade, so relieved, down the creek to the gap between General Adams' right and the eighty men on my own extreme left, and then relieved a port of General Adams' pickets, and my left resting in sight of Moore's Mill and some 300 yards from it. The men were deployed at from five ten paces apart. I then proceeded to look over the gap between those just deployed and the left of my old line and on the line to the right of the gap. While there I learned that the enemy were passing to the left in front of our skirmishers, and had been doing so for some time; and anticipating an attack I proceeded at once to where my command was resting in the road, but before reaching the road I heard the shout of the enemy, who charged across the field in front of the gap and the right of the line just posted. The regiment was compelled to retire, leaving 2 of their number prisoners. I at once ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Smith to move rapidly to support the regiment that was resting with his regiment, and directed the remaining regiments (the First [Rifles] and Fourth Arkansas) to follow rapidly and deployed to fill up the gap, thinking it might only be a line of

