
skirmishers. The troops moved at a double-quick, but before they arrived at their designated positions I found the enemy were in force in line of battle and extending across and to the right and left of the gap, and were at the road in front of which (on each side of the gap) ran our picket-line. I at once formed a line of battle, part of it in one rank parallel with the road, with my whole force present except the Twenty-fifth Arkansas, which was still on the skirmish line, leaving a space of several hundred yards between the left of the line and the Twenty-fifth Regiment. As soon as formed the line moved forward and soon engaged the enemy, who was at points not more than seventy-five yards distant, and drove the enemy back on all parts of our line except on extreme right, occupied by skirmishers, who had exhausted their ammunition and were compelled to fall back. Hearing that the right skirmishers had fallen back to the road, I feared we were cut off from ambulances and ordnance wagons, and directed the wounded to be carried directly to our rear some distance, and prisoners to be carried to General Adams' command. A number were carried to that brigade; the exact number I have no means of knowing. As soon as ammunition was supplied, the skirmishers on the right advanced to near their old position and relieved all fears of losing the road. The brigade captured some 80 or 100 prisoners. The Ninth Arkansas captured 2 stand of colors, which were sent to division headquarters. While forming Colonel Farrell tendered the services of his regiment (the Fifteenth Mississippi), just relieved, and my inspector was ordered to conduct him and form his regiment on the left of the line. Colonel Farrell failed to join on my left as directed, and I again sent my inspector, directing him to so from, but failing to do so, and my inspector failing to return (being captured), I sent my assistant adjutant-general, and had to sent him a second time, when he found Colonel Farrell fortifying with rails, &amp;c., at a distance from my left flank and at nearly right angles with it. I had been outflanked on the left, and two companies of the Ninth Arkansas were deployed back from their left to act as vedettes and prevent the enemy from coming down on my flank without notice. After the fourth call on Colonel Farrell, he moved and formed on left of the Twenty-fifth Arkansas that had just joined from the skirmish line on my extreme left. I now ordered forward both wings and directed the center to remain stationary and aid by an enfilading fire as soon as the wings should became engaged. I feared to risk a general advance, as the enemy were in strong force in my front, and line was very thin, but by advancing both wings hoped to recover my old picket-line and be prepared to take advantage of any disorder in the main force of the enemy by throwing his flanks in confusion on it. The right retook its line and was compelled to yield it again, as the enemy, by extending to the right, outflanked me. The right fell back a short distance and maintained its position. On the left the Twenty-fifth Arkansas and Fifteenth Mississippi in moving forward failed to connect with the left of the Ninth Arkansas, on left of the line. This failure to connect left a space of 150 or 200 yards, through which some of the enemy passed on the flank of these regiments, and after they had driven the enemy before them were compelled to retreat. Both brought prisoners with them in withdrawing. As these regiments drove the enemy into the open ground, the center of the line poured a deadly fire on them, killing and wounding a number. The enemy

