
having retaken the picket-line, the fighting ceased, leaving me in possession of our entire line, though some parts of it were retired from 100 to 200 yards. The Twentieth Mississippi was deployed front of the Fifteenth Mississippi, and, with the left of my brigade extended, a new line was formed about 100 yards in front of the road from left to right, until it struck the open field and former gap, and then it continued to and up the road to the right. I learned that General Gist had fallen back some distance from the creek, and had been relieved by General Maney's brigade, and heard the rumor that the enemy were passing through the gap to my right, there being at this time a gap of near or quite a mile. Immediately sent out scouts and ascertained that the enemy's line extended from my left across the Pace's Ferry road, and that he was intrenching along his whole line. About 11 p. m. the First Alabama relieved the Mississippi regiments and two regiments on my left, it being extended at intervals of five paces. With my brigade I extended my line by deploying from five twenty paces interval, and established a line connecting with General Maney's left.

During the night on the line held by a portion of my brigade, and being but a very small part of the ground fought over, I gathered up and brought in 102 stand of small-arms. The moon shone brightly, and only such guns as lay on our immediate line could be gathered, as the enemy [continued] to fire on and going in front of the lines either for guns or to care for their wounded. From the number of killed and wounded left near our line the enemy must have at the hands of my brigade alone over 500 in killed, wounded, and prisoners-a number greater than my whole force engaged.

The fighting lasted from 3 p. m. until 7.30 p. m. Could the co-operation of the Fifteenth Mississippi been secured when first called on I think we would have captured a much larger number of prisoners and retaken and held all the line to the left of the gap. During the night I strengthened my line across the open ground by rails and earth-works and at other points by logs and rails.

My loss was 8 killed, 48 wounded, and 3 missing.

Among the wounded were Major J. P. Eagle and Lieutenant Kirkpatrick, of the Second Regiment [Rifles], being severely wounded while nobly discharging their duties.

The Fifteenth Mississippi acted gallantly when brought into action. The officers and men of the brigade acted nobly.

I am indebted to the regimental commanders for their gallantry and efficiency, the troops being moved into line at a double-quick, and yet there was no confusion, although they knew the enemy were advancing and were but a short distance from them at the time.

My inspector (W. M. Dyer), was captured during the engagement. My assistant adjutant-general (Capts. W. A. Wilburn and H. Waldrop) were both very efficient.

At 9 a. m. on the 20th I was relieved by the brigade of General Quarles, and I moved my brigade inside the fortifications, except the Ninth Arkansas, which was placed on the skirmish line in front of the works.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. H. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

