
My loss was very heavy in officers. Lieutenant Colonel M. G. Galloway, commanding First Arkansas Riflemen, was severely wounded; Colonel H. G. Bunn, commanding Fourth Arkansas Regiment, severely wounded; Lieutenant Colonel James T. Smith, commanding Second Arkansas Riflemen, killed, and Lieutenant Colonel Eli Hufstedler, commanding Twenty-fifth Arkansas Regiment, killed, and several subordinate officers were killed and wounded.

Out od about 400 take into action the brigade lost 167 killed and wounded. The loss in General Gholson's brigade, some 450 strong, was 144 killed, wounded, and missing. Youngblood's battalion, about 150 strong, lost 9 wounded, making the total loss in my command 320.

The members of my staff were prompt in the discharge of their duties. My aide-de-camp (Lieutenant James H. Hart) was severely wounded in the left arm.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. H. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 712.

Reports of Colonel Edward A. O'Neal, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry, commanding Cantey's brigade, of operations June 27 and July 20 and 28.
HEADQUARTERS CANTEY'S BRIGADE,Kenesaw Mountain, July 1, 1864.

In obedience to circular order of the 30th of June I have the honor to submit the following report of the report of the operations of the troops this brigade on the 27th of June, the day the enemy assaulted our lines:

The enemy attempted to charge our line of skirmishers, commanded by Captain Sid. B. Smith, but did not succeed in approaching more then from 30 to 100 yards, and were handsomely driven back.

In this affair we had none killed and but 8 wounded. The loss of the enemy as compared with ours was heavy, at least 40 or 50.

Captain Smith, his officers and men, behaved with great gallantry, and firmly held their line. This was the only attempt to vary our line, and since this effort but little fighting had occurred except shelling the line of pickets.

Inclosed I send you list* of casualties since we have been in line of battle on this mountain.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

