
I regret to state Lieutenant Samuel H. Moore, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Thomas S. O'Brien, assistant inspector-general, were captured. They were experienced, energetic, efficient, and gallant officers, and their capture is a serious loss to this brigade.

We captures a number of prisoners (293), including several officers, a list of whom has already been sent in. Inclosed I send you a list* of casualties, which shows our loss to be 279 killed, wounded, and missing.

I cannot close this report without remarking that each regimental commander bore himself gallantly, and regret to state Major Turner, Twenty-ninth Alabama, a cool and collected officer under fire, was severely wounded, and several line officers were killed while bravely leading their men.

I am, captain,m very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CANTEY'S BRIGADE,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., August 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the operations of this brigade in the engagement of the 28th of July at the Poor-House, on the Lick Skillet road:

The brigade was moved from a position in reserve in rear of the trenches on the morning of the 28th, and after a somewhat fatiguing march, the weather being excessively hot, arrived at the scene of conflict about 1 o'clock, where it was halted and formed on the left of the road in rear of a line of battle, then engaged, preparatory to a forward movement. The Thirty-seventh Mississippi, Major S. H. Terral commanding, on the right; the battle;ion of sharpshooters, under command of Captain A. L. O'Brien, on the left; the Twenty-sixth Alabama, Major D. F. Bryan, in the center, and the Seventeenth Alabama. Major T. J. Burnett, and the Twenty-ninth Alabama, under Captain J. A. Foster, the right and left center. About 2 p. m. the command to, advance was given and the brigade moved forward in perfect order through an open field, exposed at every step to the fire of the enemy, who were posted on the crest of a hill, sheltered by a skirt of dense woods. The advance was continued some 300 yards, and until we had passed down and across the declivity intervening between the open field and the position occupied by the enemy, when the fire became so hot and galling the men sought shelter behind a fence, from which they opened on him a heavy fire along the whole line. Besides the protection which the hill and woods afforded him the enemy had some slight and hastily constructed field-works. For more than two hours the sanguinary conflict raged with great fury and slaughter, and finding it impossible to dislodge him from his position him from his position, I sent to the major-general commanding for assistance. General Quarles was ordered up. He obeyed the order with alacrity. His troops came up in splendid style, and at once opened on the enemy a heavy fire; but even

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

