
with this additional force it was found impossible to break his line, although at one time some parts of our line gained a footing in forty or fifty yards of the enemy. The regimental commanders having me that their ammunition was exhausted, the brigade was ordered back to the point from which it had advanced, and ammunition distributed to the men shortly afterward. General Quarters was compelled to fall back, and the command of the corps having devolved on the major-general, in consequence of the wounding of General Stewart, General Quarles took command of the division, and I was ordered by him to move to the left some 300 or 400 yards, where line of battle was formed, and where we remained till night, when we fell back to the trenches and bivouacked for the night.

During the engagement the Thirty-seventh Mississippi and the right wing of the Seventeenth Alabama became somewhat detached from the brigade in consequence of the woods on our right, and also in part owing to the wounding of Major Burnett, who fell early in the action severely wounded, and who was the only field officer present with his regiment.

During the whole of this sanguinary conflict the officers (field and line) and the men, with some exceptions, behaved with the coolness and intrepidity of veterans, and held third ground with a steady and stubborn worthy of the highest admiration, and I trust it will not be deemed invidious to say what truth demands should be stated, that if the troops on the right of our division had moved forward and kept pace with our line of battle, the enemy would have been driven from his position, if not routed.

Inclosed I sent you list* of casualties, which is large for the number engaged.

Among the slain we have to mourn the loss of some valuable officers. Captain Ragland, Seventeenth Alabama, and Captain Hanna, Twenty-ninth Alabama Regiment, two gallant and meritorious officers, are among the killed. I cannot close this report without acknowledging my obligations to Captain S. B. Smith, of the Twenty sixth Alabama Regiment, and Captain J. F. Tate, Seventeenth Alabama Regiment, and Sergeant-Major Banks, who were acting on my staff in the absence of the regular staff. Each behaved with gallantry, and faithfully performed his duties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. R. BARKSDALE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 713.

Report of Major gen. Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, of operations May 6-31 and July 17-October 9.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 1, 1864.

I have the honor, in obedience to your order of this date, to submit the following memoranda of fights in which cavalry under my command has been engaged since May 6:

My command, consisting of Grigsby's, Allens, and Humes' brigades, and one regiment and one battalion under Colonel Hannon,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

