
lines of battle, and were always supported by strong lines of battle. On the 19th and 20th I was so heavily pressed as to be obliged to call for re-enforcements, but none could be sent me. About 4 o'clock the enemy charged my line with a heavy line of battle. General Ferguson, who was on the right, gave way, but on reaching his position I re-established his lien on ground equally as favorable, and maintained the line thus established until night.

About daylight the following morning General Cleburne with his division of infantry came, pursuant to General Hood's orders, to relieve me, while I was ordered to extend my line to the right. General Cleburne placed his troops so closely together that only a little more than half my line was occupied by General Cleburn'es troops. While changing position, and before my troops had faced toward the enemy, a general attack was made on my own and General Cleburne's front. General Ferguson, who was on the right, reported a force turning his right flank, when, at the same moment, a general assault of several lines of battle was made by the enemy. Ferguson gave way in some confusion, which exposed the right of Allen's brigade, which, with the Georgia brigade, nevertheless, fought brilliantly, repulsing a desperate assault and killing the enemy in hand-to-hand conflicts. On the enemy's second assault both the Georgia and Alabama brigades, with the right brigade of Cleburne's division, were forced from their works by an overwhelming force. After falling back a short distance the Georgia and part of the Alabama brigades, rallied, charged the enemy, and retook the works, with 2 officers and 20 privates, beside a number of the enemy's dead and wounded, some of whom were killed in our rifle-pits. This was a most brilliant feat, and the Georgia brigade deserves great credit for its conduct upon that day.

Our loss in killed and wounded was not severe, and we did not lose any prisoners. The loss of the enemy was severe. I then established my line and maintained my position until relived late in the day by Cheatham's division.

On the night of the 21st, pursuant to orders from General Hood, I moved around to the enemy's rear to attack him in conjunction with Lieutenant-General Hardee, who also moved upon their flank for the same purpose. My orders from General Hardee were to attack Decatur at 1 p. m., which was the enemy's extreme left, and, owing tot he curvature of his line, was far in his rear. General Hardee supposed the place to be occupied only by cavalry, but on reconnoitering the position in person about 12 o'clock I found that a division of infantry, strongly intrenched, occupied the town. Having communicated this fact to General Hardee, I dismounted my command and moved upon the enemy at the appointed hour. Just as I was moving my line the enemy commenced to throw out two regiments of infantry to meet my approach. These were overthrown, a number of prisoners captured, and the remainder driven in confusion into the enemy's works, from which we received a most galling fire from both infantry and artillery. Seeing the strength of the position in front, I threw a force upon his right flank and rear and formed my main line so as to bear obliquely upon the enemy's right with the right of my line covering and engaging the enemy's front. From these positions simultaneous charges were made upon the enemy, the troops bearing upon the enemy's right being somewhat the most advanced. At first the galling fire made the most exposed portion of my line waver, but, quickly rallying, the onset

