
was renewed, and with a triumphant shout the entire line of works was carried. Some 225 prisoners, a large number of small-arms, 1 12-pounder gun, 1 forge, 1 battery wagon, 1 caisson, and 6 wagons and teams, together with the captain of the battery and most of his men, were captured and brought off. We also captured his camp equipage, stores, and hospitals. Just as I was pursuing the enemy beyond the town three of General Hardee's staff officers came to me in rapid succession, directing that I should re-enforce General Hardee as quickly as possible. The pursuit was stopped and all my available troops moved at a gallop to General Hardee's position. The forces under my command fought warmly until the pressure upon him had ceased, and night coming on we 3480u for the night. Just before the troops were formed for the attack I reported to General Hardee that a large raiding force of the enemy had moved toward Covington, but he directed that it should not be followed, as he thought the attack about to be made would cause the raiders to return.

The following day at 12 m. I was relieved from my position with a portion of my troops and ordered to pursue the enemy. My troops were in motion in ten minutes after I received the order, and by midnight I had traveled forty miles, only to find that the enemy's cavalry had returned to his main army before I had received orders to pursue. On returning I took my place on the right of the army, skirmishing with the enemy until the 27th. At daylight on that morning, pursuant to orders, I relieved General Hardee's entire line with my cavalry. While doing so I discovered that the enemy had abandoned their strong position in my front and fallen back to his position north of the railroad. At the same time I discovered that a large raiding party of the enemy, under Major-General Stoneman, had moved toward our line of communications. This was reported to the general commanding, and after being relieved I was ordered to pursue, but not to continue the pursuit in person unless it was absolutely necessary to take the greater portion of my command.

By daylight the following morning I had got ahead of the enemy and driven the advance of Garrard's division, which was marching for Jonesborough, across Flat Creek. He, finding himself so strongly opposed, retreated rapidly toward the left of the enemy's main army. We pursued a few miles, capturing a few horse and arms, and caused him to abandon three wagons.

About this time I discovered that General Stoneman, with 2,200 men, had moved early that morning on toward Covington with the intention, according to statements of prisoners, of continuing his march toward Macon. I felt unauthorized with my orders to pursue Stoneman's force of 2,200 men in person, particularly as I had received a dispatch from General Shoup, chief of staff, that the left of the army was also threatened by a raid. I, therefore, ordered General Iverson, with his own, General Allen's, and Colonel Breckinridge's brigades, to follow Stoneman rapidly and attack him wherever found. While this order was being executed I received additional dispatches from General Shoup stating that a large cavalry force, estimated at over 3,000, had crossed the Chattahoochee near Campbellton, and was making its way toward the macron railroad. General Shoup further stated that he feared Brigadier-General Jackson could not check its movements, and that General Hood desired me to move immediately to oppose this force with such troops as could be spared. I immediately ordered Ashby's brigade, under

