
Tennessee and Clinch to accomplish the desired object. I here learned that the enemy had made extensive arrangements to procure forage for their army from the country along the line of railroad from Cleveland to Loundon. Feeling that it was important o stop this source of supply, I made a demonstration upon Cleveland, and with hard labor destroyed the railroad from Cleveland to Charleston. I then crossed the Hiawassee and captured Athens with a large quantity of valuable supplies, and destroyed the railroad almost completely from Charleston to Loundon, during which we were almost continuously menaced by the enemy's cavalry, who were, however, repulsed in every attack. this was accomplished with hard labor on the part of our troops.

At Stewart's Landing we attacked and captured a garrison of about 100 men, captured some 30 wagons and between 200 and 300 horses and mules, besides sorties of the troops.

We crossed Little Tennessee River with but little difficult, when, to our disappointment, we found the Holston River had risen too high to be crossed, which compelled me to move still farther up and cross it and the French Broad above Knoxville. The crossings of the Holston were guarded by the enemy, which caused us some embarrassment, but we succeeded in crossing and captured or drove off the enemy. While crossing we were warmly attacked by a column of cavalry from Knoxville. The attack was quickly repulsed. We then charged the enemy and drove them back at full speed to the city with a loss of over 100 in killed, wounded, and prisoners, all of whom fell into our hands.

Before crossing the river General Williams urgently requested permission to be allowed to take two brigades, including his own and half my artillery, with which he promised to capture the garrison and destroy the bridge at Strawberry Plains. I at first objected to the movement upon the ground that it might cause delay, while rapidity of movement was of the first importance. Upon his further urging the matter, and promising to overtake me that night by traveling by moonlight, I consented. General Williams failed to take the garrison or to touch the bridge. I then ordered General Williams to follow on rapidly and join me soon as possible. This he failed to do, and left me with the balance of my command to carry out the principal part of the expedition with the embarrassment of making numerous delays in endeavoring to bring the troops under General Williams to my assistance.

After crossing the river and mountain I destroyed the railroad at various points between Chattanooga and Nashville, captured 2 trains of cars and a number of small depots of stores, including McMinnville, and caused the abandonment of several posts, all of the public property connected therewith being destroyed. We captured several stockades or block-houses, and destroyed bridges and the railroad to such an extent as to completely stop communication for fifteen days. When near Nashville I was attacked by General Rousseau with a superior force of infantry and cavalry. The attack was repulsed. Harrison's brigade charged the enemy and drove him rapidly for two miles, capturing 3 stand of colors, a number of prisoners, arms, &amp;c. Near this place we also captured some 30 wagons and teams and a number of prisoners.

After spending two days upon the Chattanooga railroad I moved over to the Nashville and Decatur road, which I most the roughly

