
Third. The capture, destruction, or appropriation of stores.

Fourth. Breaking up depots and fortified posts in Tennessee and Georgia.

Fifth. Capture of 1,000 horses and mules, 200 wagons, 600 prisoners, and 1,700 head of beef-cattle.

Sixth. Capture and destruction of over 20 trains of cars loaded with supplies.

Seventh. Bringing into the service of the Confederate States over 3,000 recruits.

All this was accomplished behind the enemy's line with a loss of but 150 men killed, wounded, and missing. In every engagement with the enemy's cavalry we were in all respects victorious, capturing prisoners, colors, and arms.

During the time embraced in this report my command has averaged twenty-five miles a day in direct marching, either swam or forded twenty-seven rivers, and has captured, killed, or wounded three times the greatest effective strength it has ever been able to carry into action. Besides this it has captured and turned over to the Government an amount of property of more value than the entire expense my command has been to the Confederate States.

This report is necessarily brief and imperfect. The capture and destruction of property on the raid in Tennessee, and the great success and large captures in the victories during the enemy's [raid] in the latter part of July, reflect the highest credit upon my officers and men. I cannot commend them too highly.

I desire to return my special thanks to Generals Humes, Allen, Dibrell, Robertson, and Anderson, and to Colonels Breckinridge, McLemore, Wheeler, Harrison, Crews, Hagan, and Hobson, all of whom were brave and faithful. General Anderson was wounded in our brilliant victory at Newman and has since been absent. Colonel Hobson was also badly wounded at Franklin, Tenn.

To my brave division commander, General Kelly, who gave up his life at Franklin, Tenn., while gallantly fighting at the head of his division, I ask his country to award its gratitude. No honors bestowed to his memory could more than repay his devotion.

Lieutenants Warren, Staples, and Lowery, of my staff, were killed while gallantly discharging their appropriate duties. Their gallantry and devotion were highly appreciated by me.

To Lieutenant Hudson, my aide-de-camp, [and] Major Wailes, my assistant adjutant-general, who were wounded by my side, and Lieutenant Bellinger, signal officer, also severely wounded, I desire to express my appreciation of their gallantry and devotion.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Colonel A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

P. S.-During the period embraced in this report, which records such brilliant and continued successes, and such large captures of prisoners, cannon, colors, arms, and all kinds of materials, on no occasion did my command, as far as I could learn, have a single man or any material whatever captured by the enemy in any action.

61 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

