
Numbers 714.

Report of Colonel D. T. Blakey, First Alabama Cavalry, Allen's brigade, of operations August 31.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ALABAMA CAVALRY,On picket six miles from Murfreesborough, August 31, 1864.

MAJOR: I have sent you three couriers to-day before this one, and none of them have returned, so that I am ignorant as to whether hey have reached you; therefore I give you a summary of my operations to-day:

I moved up toward Murfreesborough this morning, passing a stockade at Smyrna, and one at the railroad bridge over Overall's Creek, both garrisoned, and struck the railroad just three miles from Murfreesborough. i spent about one hour in destroying the road and think that I thoroughly destroyed about 200 yards. I had sent a scout down the pike toward Murfreesborough; they ran upon a regiment of mounted infantry about one mile and a half from Murfreesborough, got very close to it before they were discovered, and had the opportunity of examining closely and determining exactly what the force was. this command fired on my scout and drove them back; they then advanced and drove in my picket. As I had accomplished all that was ordered in the way of destroying the road, and was in a very difficult position, having Stone's River on one side and Overall's Creek in my rear, with a force in a stockade that commanded the crossing, I decided to leave the position and move to the north side of Overall's Creek, which I did by crossing the river, moving down on the east side below the mouth of the creek, and recrossing the river. I then posted my command on the railroad six miles from Murfreesborough, and picketed the railroad in sight of the stockade, also the pike at the bridge across Overall's Creek. I am still in that position; my pickets are skirmishing with some mounted men of the enemy. I am one mile and a half in front of any working party.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. T. BLAKEY,

Colonel First Alabama Cavalry.

Major E. S. BUFORD,

A. A. G., Wheeler's Cavalry Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 715.

Reports of Brigadier General Lawrence S. Ross, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry brigade (Army of Mississippi), of operations May 17 and July 28-30.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS CAVALRY BRIGADE,In the Field, May 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with General French's desire, as expressed in your note just receive, I have the honor to submit the following report of the fight made by my brigade at Rome, Ga., on the 17th instant, to wit:

I had been posted to guard the crossings of the Oostenaula River above Rome, and was eight miles distant when I received a dispatch

