
from Brigadier-General Morgan informing me that the enemy wee advancing upon the town, and requesting me to move at once to aid in its defense. My command was promptly in motion. Arrived in Rome, I found Major-General French three in command, and reporting to him for orders, was directed to move at once to the front and learn, if possible, the strength of the advancing fore. Dismounting my men, I advanced them on foot, drove in the enemy's line of skirmishers, and attacked vigorously his main force, which proved to be General Davis' division of infantry, and pressed back his center near a mile, charging and driving it from two positions. Finding the enemy's force so far superior to my own in numbers, and being almost enveloped by the wings of his line, which had not fallen back as the center was driven, I deemed it prudent to withdraw my command from its advanced position, and therefore directed it to fall back half a mile. This enemy did not follow, however, nor make any effort during the day to recover the ground from which he had been driven. Late in the evening I moved back within our works, having accomplished the object for which I had been sent out.

The loss of my command during the engagement was 50 killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain D. W. SANDERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, French's Division.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 4 p. m. July 28, I received the order of General Jackson directing me to withdraw my command from its position near Lick Skillet and move to Owl Rock Church, on the Campbellton and Atlanta road, which I did without delay, and at the church designated received your dispatch of 7 p. m., urging me forward to the support of Colonel Harrison, then engaging the enemy near Campbellton. At 9.15 p. m. I came up with Colonel Harrison's command and notified the brigadier-general commanding of my presence; while waiting further instructions my men were allowed to dismount in the road and rest bridle in hand. At daylight we were again ordered forward.

It was now become generally circulated that we were in pursuit of a party of raiders who, having crossed the Chattahoochee River at Campbellton, were moving toward the railroad, and the utmost eagerness and enthusiasm prevailed among men and officers. About noon we came upon the trail of the foe clearly defined by smoking ashes of burned wagons and the sad havoc and destruction of property everywhere visible, and the eagerness of all to overtake and chastise the insolent despoiler was increased two fold. At about 4 p. m. the wish was gratified. We came in sight of the Yankees on the Fayetteville and Jonesborough road,one mile and a half from Lovejoy's Station, and without halting to form the order to charge was immediately given. At the word, the Ninth texas, led by its gallant colonel, D. W. Jones, dashed forward with a shout and was in a moment

