
engaged in a hand-to-hand struggle. The enemy at first had considerably the advantage in numbers, and it must be admitted, boldly met the charge at half distance. for awhile the issue appeared doubtful. The men of the Ninth Texas having discharged their guns, and not being provided with sabers or pistols, began to waver before the successive onslaughts of their better armed opponents, when the charge of General Jackson's escort and the opportune arrival of the Sixth Texas Regiment, under its brave lieutenant-colonel, P. F. Ross, restored confidence and forced the enemy from the field. In the mean time the remaining regiments of my command (the Third and Twenty-seventh Texas Regiments) having come up, dismounted and formed several hundred yards in rear of the Sixth and Ninth, and when the enemy, immediately after his failure on horseback, began advancing his forces on foot, these last-named regiments were withdrawn and took position in line with the others. This disposition being made we waited further instructions from the brigadier-general commanding, who being present in person had control of the operations of the day. Toward evening the firing of Colonel Harrison's brigade on the right indicated that the enemy were moving off in that direction, and very soon we were ordered to our horses. The enemy retired, passing round the flank of Colonel Harrison, and took the direction of Newnan, leaving 20 dead and wounded and 50 prisoners in our possession.

Colonel Jones was ordered to pursue and harass his rear while the rest of my command turned back through Fayetteville. Of the chase to Newnan, where the raiders were again overtaken and severely chastised, it is not considered necessary to give particulars. General Wheeler, with a portion of his cavalry from the right of our army, had come up and joined in the pursuit, following immediately in rear f the retreating raiders. I was directed to cross rapidly to the road upon which the enemy was moving and strike his column in flank, or intercept his rear-guard, but was unsuccessful. His rear had passed before we could reach his line of march. We then became joined with General Wheeler in pursuit, and continued so to the end of the chase. Near Newnan, after much trouble and delay, the raiders were overtaken and promptly engaged by General Wheeler's advance. The enemy fought with desperation and were evidently gaining ground when my brigade dismounted, charged, and drove them from the woods across an open field. At this moment a large force which had not been engaged charged around our left, and succeeded in getting between us and our horses. Without halting to consider, the command to "'bout face" and move back was promptly given, and as promptly obeyed. The struggle was a desperate one, and only after an hour's hard fighting were our efforts crowned with success, the enemy again repulsed,a nd our horses recaptured and saved. In this affair my men and officers exhibited that coolness and daring which is almost always sure of success. Many instances of individual heroism were evinced. The fighting occurred in thick woods, the underbrush concealing the combatants until within a few paces of each other. Friends and foes were mixed up in the struggle,without regard to order of organization, and frequent hand-to-hand encounters were the consequence. Many instances of capture and recaptures occurred during the day, the victor one moment becoming a captive to his prisoner the next. Colonel X and Lieutenant-Colonel Boggess, with their respective commands, for awhile became separated from the

