
other part of the brigade, but on other portions of the field continued to render most valuable and efficient service. Having recovered possession of our horses and remounted, I received orders to move to the left and get in rear of the enemy, and had no sooner done so than a considerable force (including the Eighth Iowa Regiment) signified by flag of truce their willingness to surrender. The remaining and by much the larger portion of the enemy, however, began moving off on the Decatur road, in a direction opposite our position, which fact, as soon as reported to me, was promptly transmitted to division headquarters for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

I now proceeded to take possession of the prisoners and captured property, and, this done, bivouacked on the field during the night. Next morning, summing up the fruits of the victory, I found my command had captured 587 prisoners, including 2 brigade commanders, with their staffs, several field and a number of company officers, 2 stand of colors (the Eighth Iowa and Second Indiana Regiments), 2 pieces of artillery, 11 ambulances, and a large number of horses and horse equipments and small-arms. We also recaptured the colors of the Second Regiment Dismounted Arkansas Cavalry, and those of another regiment, number not known.

Our casualties in the affair of the 29th, near Lovejoy's Station, was 16 wounded. Near Newman on the 30th the loss was 5 killed and 11 wounded. Total loss during the expedition, 5 killed and 27 wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Cavalry Div.

Numbers 716.

Report of Brigadier General Philip D. Roddey, C. S. Army, of operations May 27-29.

MOULTON, ALA., May 29, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 27th a large force, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, crossed Flint River at Red Bank, near Somerville, with a very large train of wagons. On the 28th another large force, consisting of two regiments cavalry, several regiments infantry, with a large number of wagons, was traveling in the direction of Somerville from Decatur. On the 27th six regiments of cavalry and four regiments infantry, with four of artillery, advanced from Decatur in the direction of Courtland. I impeded their advance as much as possible as far as Courtland. The next morning they retired, the cavalry in the direction of Moulton and infantry toward Decatur. Last night I moved my command to this place and attacked at daylight this morning, the first lasting about three hours. The force I engaged estimated at 3,000. I withdrew three miles south for position. The enemy did not pursue, and is going in the direction of Somerville. The movement on Courtland was evidently intended to withdraw attention from their movements. I am satisfied

