
that there is a move in large force going somewhere to the interior of the State. I am making preparation to harass and, if possible, destroy their trains.

My estimate of the force going south, from all the information I can gain, is from 8,000 to 9,000, half of which is mounted, with about 400 wagons.

You will please communicate with General Forrest and General Lee.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

General G. J. PILLOW,

Selma.

[Indorsement.]

General Roddey thinks they are moving to the interior of the State, and estimates their force at 8,000 or 9,000, half of which is mounted, and about 400 wagons. Will leave here in the morning at daylight via Fulton and Russellville.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

Numbers 717.

Report of Colonel Josiah Patterson, Fifth Alabama Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations May 26-29.
HEADQUARTERS PATTERSON'S BRIGADE,Near Moulton, Ala., May 29, 1864.

On the 26th I received orders from General Roddey to move at once with my brigade to Talladega. I ordered a concentration of the troops the same day at Danville, but the enemy advancing with heavy force prevented the regiments from getting together.

On the night of the 26th instant the enemy crossed Flint River, moving east, while at the same time a heavy force was pressing General roddey in the valley. On the night of the 28th General Roddey succeeded in concentrating his forces at Moulton, and this morning at daylight attacked the enemy. A desperate engagement ensued, which lasted for three hours. We at first drove the enemy a mile and a half, and were still driving them, when we were forced to leave the field for want of ammunition. The ammunition for our artillery was completely exhausted, and many of the men were without a cartridge. We fell back three miles. the command is now being supplied with ammunition, and as soon as we can took rations we will move in pursuit of the enemy, who are going toward Rome, Ga., Their force consists of the Seventeenth Army Corps and one division of cavalry. My scouts have been all through them. they have about 5,000, and from 3,500 to 4,000 cavalry, making in all a force of 9,000 men. They have a very heavy train, evidently loaded with supplies. The number of wagons is estimated at from 300 to 400. Their cavalry is well supplied with pack-mules. They will, necessarily, with so large a train, move slowly. They tell the citizens their destination is Rome, Ga. I will throw a force on their flank and keep you posted. Our horses and men are already very

