
fire. We continued the fire until after sunset, having expended 260 rounds of ammunition, or 65 rounds to the piece. No enemy advanced in our front while on the field. The battery in front was silenced, and the one on our right finally ceased to fire or directed its fire elsewhere. Sharpshooters continued to fire on us until after sunset.

Casualties-15 men wounded, 2 horses killed, and 1 wounded.

At twilight, under orders, we retired to fortifications.

Respectfully submitted.

R. L. WATKINS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Barry's Battery.

Major JOHN D. MYRICK,

Commanding Battalion.

Numbers 720.

Report of Major George S. Storrs, C. S. Artillery, commanding artillery battalion, of operations June 27.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION ARTILLERY,Kenesaw Mountain, June 29, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my batteries on the 27th instant:

Soon after sunrise Guibor's and Ward's batteries and one of Hoskins' guns, on Kenesaw Mountain, opened a fire on a column of infantry, supposed to be a brigade, passing to the left. About the same time the guns on the west slope of the mountain and Burnt Hickory road, composed of Hoskins' section of 10-pounder Parrotts, Bellamy's 10-pounder Parrott battery, and Lumsden's battery of napoleons, under the immediate command of Captain Hoskins, opened on a body of infantry which appeared behind the enemy's line of works.

At about 9 o'clock from the top of the mountain I heard rapid musketry firing on our left and soon perceived the enemy driving in our skirmishers on and to the left of the Burnt Hickory road. I opened on them as soon as possible with a section of Ward's battery, but they soon came so near to the base of the mountain that the guns could not be depressed enough to reach them. I at the same time brought a gun from Guibor's battery around on the left brow of the mountain and opened a very effective fire with shell. A large body of the enemy when repulsed halted in a wood on the west of the Burnt Hickory road, in front of General Walker's right, within easy range of the gun, which kept up a rapid and accurate fire for some two hours, driving large numbers, if not all of them, back to their main works. One shell exploded directly in their line while they were for a short time in the open field, and a great many in the woods t which they had retired. They were evidently much demoralized by this fire, as those who went from the woods to their works were going at their utmost speed.

Their loss was heavy. Many litters were seen carried out of this place, and ambulances were running to a point in rear of this for several hours afterward.

The guns of the left, under Captain Hoskins, could see the enemy but a short time, but did good execution while they were in sight.

