
The enemy's advancing lines could not be seen in front of Kenesaw, nor by any means distinguished from our own, being covered by the woods, so the guns bearing in that direction were not used.

Our loss was 2 men wounded in Guibor's battery.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. S. STORRS,

Major, Commanding Battalion Artillery.

Major D. W. SANDERS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 721.

Report of Lieutenant Charles W. Lovelace, Selden's (Alabama) battery, of operations July 20.

CAMP OF SELDEN'S BATTERY,

Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 15, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders received I respectfully submit the following report:

This battery was conducted into position in the battle of Peach Tree Creek on the evening of the 20th of July by Major W. C. Preston, then commanding this battalion. The position occupied was upon the left of the Pace's Ferry road in an open field upon the slope of a hill, in rear of Reynolds' brigade, of Walthall's division. In order to successfully resist the enemy's fire I had continually to change front, being exposed, when firing in support of Reynolds' brigade, to a severe fire from one of the enemy's batteries directly on our left flank, and when changing position to silence the artillery fire, which was successfully accomplished. the enfilading fire of musketry then on our right was equally severe. It was the first serious engagement in which the battery had ever been engaged, and the ordeal was a severe one for the men under such circumstances, but they behaved with a courage and coolness which could not have been surpassed.

I cannot make any distinction when all did their duty so well without doing injustice to others. Lieutenants Duggar and Smoot were in command of sections and discharged their duty well. Major Preston was killed in the early part of the engagement. The battery was withdrawn after all the ammunition was exhausted.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. W. LOVELACE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Selden's Battery.

Major DOUGLAS WEST, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 722.

Report of Major General Gustavus W. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Georgia militia, of operations June 1-September 15.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION GEORGIA MILITIA,Macon, Ga., September 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Georgia militia under my command during the operations at and near Atlanta:

My appointment was dated the 1st June. I took command a few days thereafter, reliving Major-General Wayne, who returned to the

