
within which you were operating, I was invited to and participated in your councils. I had every opportunity of knowing what was going on. Your plans were fully explained to your lieutenant-generals, your chief of artillery, chief engineer, and myself. Opinions and views were called for, and then specific orders were given. I have never known one of them to express dissent to any plan of yours that was attempted t be executed, never a doubt expressed as to the meaning and intent of your orders, nor a suggestion made by them of a plan they supposed would be better than that your ordered. If they are not now unanimous there is but one, if any, who dissents from the opinion expressed above, viz: Sherman would have been beaten had your orders been obeyed on the 20th and 22nd of July, or 30th of August. Whatever the press or the people may say, the militia of Georgia are more than satisfied with you as their Confederate general, and when they again enter that service in defense of their homes will be glad to hail you as their Confederate chief.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, near Lovejoy's Station.

Numbers 723.

Report of Major General Howell Cobb, C. S. Army, of operations July 30 and 31 (Stoneman's raid).

MACON, GA., August 1, 1864.

(Received 2d.)

General Stoneman, with a cavalry force estimated at 2,800, with artillery, was met two miles from this city by our forces, composed of Georgia reserves, citizens, local companies, and the militia, which Governor Brown is organizing here. The enemy's assault was repulsed and his force held in check along our entire line all day. Retiring toward Clinton, he was attacked the next morning by General Iverson, who, having routed the main body, captured General Stoneman and 500 prisoners. His men are still capturing stragglers.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 724.

Report of Lieutenant John A. Vaughan, Eighth Confederate Cavalry, commanding scouts, of operations July 27-31 (McCook's raid).

W. B. WOOD'S FARM-HOUSE,

Fourteen miles southeast of Wedowee, Ala.,

July 31, 1864.

The raid made by General McCook on the Macon and Atlanta Railroad has been driven across the Chattahoochee River, with the loss of one-third of his command. Colonel Harrison's brigade (Yankee)

