
Numbers 727.

Report of Major John C. Bruch, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, of operations July 13-16 (Rousseau's raid).
HEADQUARTERS,Montevallo, July 16, 1864.

GENERAL: General Pillow directs me to say to you that he is informed by Major Falconnet and Colonel Lea, at Elyton, that the enemy's column divided at Ashville, over half going to Talladega, which you engaged; the other half coming down on the est side of Coosa River, moving, as it was said, for this place. If we were to advance for the purpose of forming a junction with you that force might cut off our supplies and put both i a very awkward position by seizing this place. He has, therefore, determined not to advance until he can ascertain definitely whether the force on the west side of Coosa is coming down. This information he will have in a day or two. The stock of this railroad is now ordered to run no farther than Coosa bridge, to which point it will be necessary for you to fall back temporarily to get forage and supplies. By that time he will advance his force, and the two united will be strong enough to take the field and advance to the former position at Oxford and Blue Mountain. He excepts you to act promptly on this information, unless you are satisfied that no such column has come down on the west side of the river. Send by return courier whatever information you have of this column.

Respectfully,

JNO. C. BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[General J. H. CLANTON.]

Numbers 728.

Journal of operations of the Army of Tennessee May 14-June 4.*

Saturday, May 14.-Several attack made on our line, beginning on our left and extending toward the right as far as Stevenson's left; only vigorous in front of Hindman. Our loss during the day generally slight, except in officers and artillery horses. At 6 p. m. Stewart and Stevenson, supported by Walker (two or three brigades, swing round, driving the enemy easily. Stevenson's movement particularly "promptly and vigorous;" Stewart not engaged; no enemy in his front.

P. S.-About 4.20 p. m. I was sent to General Hardee to tell him to feel if any enemy was in his front, as enemy was attack Hindman vigorously, so that, if possible, General Hardee might aid General Hood. Found the former behind Bate's line, where fighting was brisk. Just then a staff officer came from Cleburne and said that though not at that time engaged he could see two lines of battle and he "could hold his position." General Hardee then sent word to General Mackall that so far from being able to aid Hood he could

---------------

*Kept at headquarters Army of Tennessee by Lieutenant T. B. Mackall, aide-de-camp to Brigadier General W. W. Mackall, chief of staff, and furnished by General J. E. Johnston.

---------------

