
our guns of thirty on Polk's front are said to have opened to keep back the enemy. Officers of one staff in Polk's corps said the enemy holds the hill gained in evening; others said it had been retaken; others that it was to be. Impossible to learn the truth.

N. B.-In the afternoon, when General Johnston ordered me to tell General Hood to make preparations to "continue the movement" the next day at daylight, following up the success, he directed me to impress upon General Hood his wish that in executing the plan he should keep his face toward the mouth of Snake Creek Gap, he mouth of the gap the object to be reached.

T. B. MACKALL,

Aide-de-Camp.

RESACA.

May 15, 1864.-Selden's battery, 5.30 a. m., sharp skirmishing on our left. Enemy appears to be preparing for a general attack in the fog. Last night General Walker crosses to south of Oostenaula. 6.45 a. m., very sharp skirmishing and an occasional cannon on Hardee's line during last hour. Our skirmishers last night occupied original position on extreme left; enemy not holding the hill commanding railroad and wagon bridge (see below).

(Two divisions of enemy reported on south side of river; wagon train has been started; pontoon bridge laid yesterday above exposed bridges; no chance of Cockrell, advance of French, getting up to Rome to-day).

7 a. m., General Johnston has been on the hill where Selden's battery is posted since firing began; is just going to ride to the right, leaving General Mackall here. Skirmishing and artillery still going [on]. 10 a. m., General Johnston returned to Selden's battery an hour ago. Answer sent to cipher of the Present received yesterday:

Sherman cannot re-enforce Grant without my (General J.'s) knowledge, and will not as skirmishing along our entire line. We [are] in presence of whole force of enemy assembled from North Alabama and Tennessee.

Ferguson's brigade of cavalry, also Brigadier-General Jackson have reached Rome. Wheeler has just gone to upper pontoon bridge, which will not be ready for crossing for fifteen minutes. It is in long range of the 6-gun battery put up last night on the hill which they captured. 11 a. m., very heavy musketry and artillery firing going on, apparently on Hindman's line. Just before it became so rapid General Johnston road up the Dalton road, apparently on account of some news brought by Hampton from Hardee. 12 m., about 11.15 battery on our extreme right opened. Firing slackened on Hindman's front. Battery on hill on our left enfilades our trenches; riflemen annoying to our gunners. 12 m., General Johsnton has come back to Selden's battery. The firing on extreme right three-quarters of an hour ago caused by enemy's cavalry crossing Connesauga in rear of Hood, capturing Hood's hospital. A brigade of our cavalry after the, supported by a brigade of Stewart's. Captain Porter, who went with General Johnston, came back. Says last reports represent our troops driving enemy's cavalry. 1.30 p. m., heavy musketry and artillery on Hindman's front; began about fifteen minutes ago. Lieutenant Wigfall has just come up to say enemy are making a very determined attack on Hindman. General Johnston preparing to mount to ride to Hood's. Firing continuous. 3.30 p., few minutes after writing above rode off to General Hood's with General Mackall, who accompanied General Johnston.

