
Found Hood where Dalton dirt road and railroad are near each other and where we now are. Hindman, a few minutes after we arrived, repulsed the enemy, who came up in some places to his breast-works. Our reserves not used. Orders given for Stewart to take enemy in flank; for wagons which wee sent back to be brought up to Resaca. Stevenson and Hindman to take up movement of Stewart. Featherston brought from Polk's line, also Maney and ---- from Cheatham. these supports came up in very short time. Stevenson, however, sent word that enemy in three lines, were preparing to attack Stewart's center. 3.40 p. m. (in rear of Stewart's line near railroad), Stewart directed to receive attack and pursue. But slight skirmishing now; enemy not making attack. 9.30 p. m., at house behind Selden's battery (headquarters at night). Orders given to withdraw from this place; arrangements made and trains moving. This afternoon, about 4.30 p. m., Stewart, in obedience to orders to attack if his position was not 3514XX, advanced; soon his line was broken by a terrible fire of Hooker's corps, who were ready to attack. I had been sent to accompany Major Ratchford to General Featherston (held in reserve), to order him in the general's name to take position in support of Stewart, near Green's house.

Monday, May 16.-On Calhoun and Adairsville road, two miles south of Calhoun. While in field in rear of Stewart's line and near railroad last night, about dark, corps and division commanders assembled, and instructions given to effect withdrawal of army to south bank of Oostenaula. Enemy had crossed force to south bank of river, at Dobbin's Ferry; reported two divisions. Walker was facing them, immediately in our front. He was intrenched, his line extending from Oostenaula River to Tilton, on Connesauga. Stewart had been repulsed in attempting to flank him. What was to prevent him from detaching 40,000 and striking our communications, holding on at same time to their works with a force equal to ours? We could not send a force sufficient to beat the force equal to ours? We could not send a force sufficient to beat the force in our rear and at same time hold present position. In two hours after Stewart's repulse Cheatham, Hindman, Cleburne, &amp;c., were assembled around the camp-fires. Hardee had been there all evening. Routes and times fixed; cars to be sent for wounded; wagons and ambulances and most of artillery to cross pontoons above; troops and artillery on Polk's line on railroad and small trestle bridge; an hour occupied in giving orders, &c., and all dispersed, going to their headquarters. We rode in; wagons not brought over. After writing dispatches to dictation of General Mackall to Polk, Hood, and Hardee, telling latter to notify P.; after troops and skirmishers driven in, lay down (sleeping on porch of house in rear of Selden's battery; waked by noise-firing, confusion, &c.; saddle and mount. General Loring comes up; all ride to roadside at foot of Selden's battery, passing through Hindman's column going to railroad bridge; Cheatham's pass from his line over small trestle bridge below. Night cloudy. Firing of musketry and small-arms on Hood's line, which was rapid and continuous on first waking; decreased. These troops (Cheatham's and Hood's) did not seem at all armed, rather noisy and in very good humor. Enemy's line on river remarkably quiet. Matters had been alarming on Hood's front. Enemy learning probably through [sic]. Near Calhoun, 5.30 p. m., order given to send wagons back one mile and a half south of Adairsville; 6.30 p. m., our wagons parking; saddling.

