
(Following written Thursday, 19th): Hood and Hardee and Polk at headquarters discussing over map plans for morning. Prisoner of Hooker's corps brought in; I questioned him. His command was behind Howard's; latter skirmished with Cheatham afternoon of 17th and all army was assembled close by. Next morning (on 18th) whole command in motion. Howard moved into Adairsville, halted, and cooked dinner. Prisoner got lost among Howard's men and was told Hooker had moved toward our right, and endeavoring to join his regiment was captured by our cavalry; was told that an additional corps was following behind Hooker; knew nothing of other commands. All appear in good spirits. Telegram received in afternoon from Thrasher reporting enemy acknowledge loss of 45,000 and 31 generals in Virginia. General J[ohnston] said Confederacy was as fixed an institution as England or France. Troops very much wearied by night marches; in good spirits and confident; press confident. Anxiety, however, to fight, particularly among officers, certain of whom thought good effect of Virginia and Louisiana news in raising gold in New York to 210 would be impaired by this retreat. Many thought Sherman would not fight-merely wanted to drive us across Etowah and to occupy territory acquired and send re-enforcements to Grant.

Thursday, May 19.-Moved out to attack enemy, but column reported advancing on Cartersville road; line changed; brisk skirmishing. General Ross reports enemy throwing pontoons across Etowah at Wooley's Bridge, and crossed a force-main force.

(Following written May 21 near Allatoona): Line changed under fire. Brisk skirmishing in afternoon and toward evening to effect the change. New line principally along a ridge running nearly north and south, covering Cassville and Cass Station road and facing westwardly. The signal corps and General Hardee reported in forenoon that enemy in front of Cassville were moving toward Kingston, all advantageous to the designed attack on his left flank. An order was written about 7 or 8 a. m. thanking troops for patience, and telling them they would be led against enemy. General J[ohnston] rode over to General Hood's and then passing by general headquarters rode out Spring Place road, north of creek, with Hood and Polk and Hardee to show former where he was to form his line for attack. General M[ackall] rode from headquarters east of town to join him; found Generals J[ohnston, P[olk], and Hardee returning (Sears' Mississippi brigade formed across road). Riding back, all passed Cockrell's Missouri brigade resting on road, and in town met Hindman's column, advance of Hood's corps, moving to take position on Polk's right. After a few moments in town rode rapidly back out Spring Place road; general saw Hood and returned to camp-ground and dismounted; Hood's corps passing, Polk's troops shifting. About this time, 10.20 a. m., a few discharges of artillery on Adairsville and Cassville road, and in ten minutes report of artillery in easterly direction. General M[ackall], who had ridden out to Hood with directions "to make quick work," sent word back by courier, who reported to me that "enemy in heavy force close to Hood on Canton road." I tell general, who says it cant' be. (Armstrong on that road reported none.) Called for map; said if that's so General Hood will have to fall back at once. Presently General M[ackal] rode up at a rapid rate, spoke with general, who sent him back in haste, riding one of his horses. Mason went off on another; still firing had ceased; confusion in passing backward

