
made north of Chattahoochee, where supply train is sent. Dispatch of President of May 18 received; he had read dispatch of --- with disappointment. Governor Brown has ordered all militia to assemble at Atlanta.

Saturday, May 21.-Headquarters still near Moore's house on Etowah and Allatoona road. Every measure taken to prevent straggling and bring back absentees. Went to Acworth to see General D. Saw Colonel Beard, inspector-general, who said he could find but few stragglers; many broken-down men with sick tickets going to rear. Marietta reported full of stragglers. Over ---- thousand barefoot men. Some dissatisfaction, but all will be rectified by rest of few days. Campaign unusually severe, according to officers who have been through those in Virginia. President's dispatch of 18th answered and misstatement of dates in General J[ohnston's] previous dispatch corrected. (Mistake owing to my giving date of leaving Dalton instead of Resaca, which I understood was asked.) About dusk enemy's cavalry appear near Etowah; our artillery drive them away. In night Brigadier-General Jackson (Walker's division) reports considerable skirmishing near railroad crossing-enemy occupying works on north side.

(Later): Armstrong, commanding Jackson's cavalry, all west of railroad. Jackson (disabled) reports enemy's cavalry crossed at Gillem's Bridge (south of Kingston) and infantry and artillery on north side. Colonel Ewell telegraphs to know if service of conscripts will be received; thousands can be had. Newspapers of to-day say nothing of retreat south of Etowah. Expect battle at Cassville. Supply trains south of Chattahoochee River. Other wagon trains moved south of Allatoona to a more open country. Return called for.

NEAR MOORE'S HOUSE.

Sunday, May 22, 1864.-(Memorandum: On 20th asked General M[ackall] who reported force of enemy on Canton road on 19th when we were at Cassville. He said General Hood, who said they had a line of battle close to him. General M[ackall] could see nothing and didn't believe it.) 9.30 a. m., dispatch this morning, written last night by Allen, of cavalry, gives report of a scout. Enemy fortifying on both sides of river at Gillem's Bridge; their cavalry had gone out several miles to Stilesborough; inquired minutely about road;s said that to-day an army 150,000 (?) strong would march out on Cedartown road to Atlanta; excepted but little opposition, thinking this army utterly demoralized. Enemy on short rations. (memorandum: Left Cleveland and Ringgold with twenty days'.) This report sent back to Wheeler, with note advising him not to carry out his expedition without being fully informed of position of enemy. Immediately afterward he was sent for to come to headquarters, where Hood and Hardee are. Copy of said report sent to Armstrong. Wheeler not yet arrived. Jackson's division cavalry picketing river below as far as Rome; Wheeler's above as far as Canton. Wheeler is to cross the river. Wheeler started in afternoon after considerable delay, crossing near Eatowah bridge. At 3.30 p. m. lieutenant-generals and chief of artillery notified to have everything in readiness to move at moment' notice. Major Moore notified that troops are to carry three days' rations in haversacks. Guides obtained for country south of Etowah and west of railroad. Two bridges being

