
built over Pumpkin Vine Creek, and road made, cutting off considerable distance in moving down river. Country hilly and rocky. Heat oppressive and road dusty. Many disloyal people in this section.

Monday, May 23, 1864.-(After sunset, near Moore's house, one mile and a half from Allatoona.) After breakfast, headquarters wagons packed and horses saddled, ready for a move; waiting information from cavalry. During day, Wheeler, who had crossed with escort night before, and was followed by his command in morning, sent back several dispatches giving reports of scouts sent to Carterville, Cassville, Cass Station, &amp;c. Enemy's infantry (force not known) at Cartersville. Hooker's corps and headquarters at Cassville. (Following written 24th:) (Memorandum: Learned about failure at Cassvilel from ---; mistake about name of road, "Canton.") Wheeler sent word in evening that more than one division at Cartersville. Hooker's headquarters and corps at Cassville. Thomas between Cassville and Kingston. Wheeler ordered off on expedition to cut communications. Burning of Etowah Iron Works and of town of Cartersville afternoon of 22d, and small force then observed at Cartersville and few cavalry east. Had produced impression on some that entire force of enemy either moved considerably to our left or were falling back. Many rumors of latter kind. Wheeler, after crossing Etowah, said citizens said enemy reported they were falling back. One report that they were going to Knoxville. Jackson's cavalry, under Armstrong, sent unsatisfactory reports, but in afternoon and night reported 5,000 cavalry crossed at Milam's Bridge, apparently to cover passage of infantry. Heavy columns of dust and of infantry and wagons seen moving on north bank of Etowah toward our left, and Ferguson thought main army on north bank. Ferguson reported infantry having crossed. During day Hardee moved ten miles southwest, and polk moved on road from Allatoona to Dallas. Hood still watching crossings near railroad. At night orders reiterated for Hardee to move to Dallas and Atlanta road, and Polk to do same and communicate. General Hardee made mistake; sent word back (date, 10 p. m.; received 11.50 p. m.) that unless received further orders would cross Chattahoochee at Nelson's Ferry; would start his command 2 a. m. Major M[ason] sent to correct mistake, and note sent by courier telling him he was to take position near intersection of road on which he was, with Atlanta and Dallas road, and protect it, supported by General P[olk]. Armstrong's cavalry, in moving farther to left, strangely had fallen back to Burnt Hickory, leaving enemy's cavalry unobserved. Armstrong told of utmost importance to have strong force at position held by Ross and observe enemy closely. Immediate information necessary. Jackson's commanders think main Yankee army west of our position, from Milam's Bridge to Rome. Telegram from General B. received. Quarles ordered from M[ississippi] on 21st. After terrible crisis, sacrificing communications, all well in Virginia. Expect great results here, from tone of army reported. S. D. L[ee] ordered part of Roddey to Talladega; Chalmers' division from Tupelo to ---. Blair passed Paducah on 10th, to join Sherman; thirty-seven transports and gun-boats. Headquarters wagons unpacked. 3 p. m., go into camp. Wheeler told to observe particularly what force could march directly from Cartersville on Allatoona.

