
Tuesday, May 24.-(Near Moore's house, one mile and a half to Allatoona.) All ready to move to Polk's command.

(May 25, yesterday all rode from headquarters near Bartow Furnace (near Moore's) to Powder Mill and Dallas road, and camped at night on the road four miles from Dallas. Hood moved his troops by afternoon nearer Dallas from Etowah bridge, and headquarters where Hardee's had been night before, at Doctor Smith's. Hardee at night camped in supporting distance of Dallas. Polk camped on Marietta and Dallas road. In afternoon four of enemy's cavalry run into lines of a brigade at Dallas and carry off some of our men; not a gun loaded. Jackson's opinion that main army of enemy approaching Dallas and one corps and 2,500 cavalry going by Villa rica. This information sent to Hood, who is told to move early in morning, that his advance may reach New Hope Church (on allatoona and Dallas road), about four miles and a half from Robinson's, in order to guard against separation. Polk is to move up on marietta and Dallas road to Robinson's. Join hands to be ready to fight. Witherspoon, of Quarles' staff, report brigade coming 2,800.)

Wednesday, May 25, 1864.-(5.30 p. m., at Robertson's house, four miles south of Dallas, near intersection of road from marietta, Atlanta, and Allatoona to Dallas.) Half hour ago few discharges of artillery near New Hope Church, where Hood is, three miles distant. Prisoner says Hooker's corps is in front of him. General J[ohnston] rode there an hour ago. We have been waiting here nearly all day. Few developments of enemy. Reports of their having crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek; citizens think moving around our left. All quiet in front of Dallas. This morning all of Hardee's division in line. Polk got in wrong place. Wheeler reports captured and brought off from near Cassville 80 wagons loaded, and destroyed 170 and took 150 prisoners. Stewart's division repulsed Hooker's corps.

Saturday, May 28, 1864.-(11 a. m., Cleburne's intrenched line, where enemy were repulsed last afternoon, Rogers' house.) Few minutes ago started with General M[ackall] to Wheeler's to see General Hood; met him after going few yards and returned. Brisk cannonading apparently in front of Loring, and slight skirmishing along line. Blanton,of Hood's staff, came from the right about 9 a. m., after our arrival here (Cleburne's headquarters, with message from General H[ood], who was at Wheeler's headquarters. Captain McFarland, of Cleburne's staff, who came with him, says Hood found enemy's right on Allatoona road intrenched, could not attack; disappointed in not being able to get in his rear, as he expected last night and this morning. Wrote at sunrise his corps had not crossed; feared he would have some difficulty in crossing Little Pumpkin Vine Creek, where our right last evening rested; when he crossed he would be in enemy's rear. At 11 a. m. fight on French's line; 11.30 generals ride away; follow in fifteen to twenty minutes; when I leave, Cleburne says his skirmishers pressed in. However, no attack on him. All ride to house, where headquarters are established at night. While on Cleburne's line walk over field; about 700 dead left by Howard. Prisoners from palmer and Schofield, who were supporting but not engaged, captured. Enemy advanced in five to six lines.

Monday, May 30.-(8 a. m., Widow Wigley's deserted house on Dallas and Allatoona road, three-quarters of a mile from New Hope Church.) All very quiet along line except occasional cannon opposite

