
French; hardly a musket fired. Last evening early, on account of reported movement of enemy toward our left, extending from Pumpkin vine Creek, from which point forces said to be moving to Dallas, arrangements made to move to Lost Mountain, six miles east. At same time enemy's pickets on their left were contracted, and reports of troops moving to re-enforce Dallas. At 9 o'clock at night some cannonading on French's line kept up more than half hour and renewed two or three times later. About 11 p. m., cannonading heavy on Bate's line for two hours, fortunately Cleburne supporting; various conjectures at the time and since about origin. Cantey's line very weak and seventy-five yards from enemy's intrenchments; second line was being made 200 yards in rear. Was enemy attempting to prevent working? Making genuine attack? False alarm? Latter general impression, confirmed toward morning by officers who reported no enemy seen either in front of Cantey or Bate. Cantey said it was a stampede on part of his men. There we did most of firing. On left it was principally enemy;s artillery; great waste of ammunition; reminded some of occurrences at Yorktown; both sides aroused by false alarm. On the heavy firing, movement of the night suspended; all unsaddle; intrenching tools sent to lines. Toward morning scouts reported enemy moving to our left. For several days he has been approaching railroad gradually, intrenching at every point. Yesterday Hood on right, Polk in center, holding Hood's former position, while Hardee on left, his line extending several miles, and for long intervals only skirmishers, principally on the Ellisberry Hills. Bate in front of Dallas, supported by Cleburne, moved up yesterday. In enemy's line a similar gap opposite cheatham; enemy a mile distant. Stewart on Hood's extreme right across Little Pumpkin Vine Creek; enemy also across creek. Information received now by Hill's, Granbury's, and Jackson's and Wheeler's scouts more regular and reliable. One of Longstreet's scouts reports heavy baggage sent back from chattanooga, and all forage and subsistence sent forward, twenty days', of which ten had been exhausted. Small garrison at Chattanooga. Other day man reported small garrisons at Tullahoma and Huntsville; 1,500 at Bridgeport. Many rumors of Forrest having crossed Tennessee River, but nothing from Mississippi to show suspension of order revoked. Forrest would be of more service between Sherman and Chattanooga. Mississippi threatened by raid from memphis, and other day infirmation that A. J. Smith had landed troops from Red River at vicksburg. Southwest drained of troops to strengthen this army. Fleet and transports with 2,800 infantry off Mobile. No infantry except enough to man batteries. Tennessee over the bar and down the bay; admiral hesitates to attack. 9.30 a. m., Major Preston says firing on right originated by enemy's heavy lie of skirmishers advancing on Cantey's line where new fortifications being built. firing there only few minutes-taken up by other troops. now new lien on ridge farther back. Sharpshooters troublesome; artillery lose heavily in men and horses-40 men and 40 horses in one battalion; ammunition wasted; only forty rounds allowed to each man.

Tuesday, May 31, 1864.-(Three-quarters of a mile from New Hope Church at Widow Wigley's; headquarters same for several days.) Prisoner of Fifteenth (Logan's corps), captured night before last in

