
front of Bate, and brought to headquarters yesterday afternoon, says Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps near Dallas, on enemy's right; doesn't' think any corps immediately on left; said Seventeenth came up two days before. In night, without drawing in pickets, firing was suddenly commenced by his people; he lay down, and when all was quiet, in endeavoring to escape, got among our skirmishers-so the enemy raised false alarm on Bate's line as Cantey did. Bate reported enemy made several attacks. In the previous affair when B[ate] advanced, became hotly engaged, effected lodgment temporarily in enemy's breast-works, and was forced to retire with loss; he says ardor of men could not be restrained, went too far before could be recalled. Lewis, who lost most, and other brigadiers say orders positive to take works.

Jackson's scouts report enemy's cavalry between Dallas and Craketown moved back during attack of Sunday night; don't's know which road they have gone; told [by] citizens, horses starving, forced to go back. (Prisoners say army on half ration for several days, and various confirmations of short supplies; stock suffering.) Captain Johnson, of a Georgia regiment under Wheeler, just from a scout north of Etowah River, says no enemy at Etowah, Cartersville, or Cassville; 1,000 to 2,000 infantry and one regiment cavalry at Cass Station and Kinston; 5,000 infantry at Resaca; citizens and soldiers say two supply train cut off. Forrest captured Chattanooga (no official information received here of his having started). On 29th s. d. Lee telegraphed that Roddey had been driven back to Jonesborough by 10,000 infantry, artillery, and cavalry from Decatur; yesterday said they had returned, probably a diversion to cover movement of troops to Kingston (probably those landed at Clinton). War Department day or two ago gave notice that nineteen transports with troops had passed Grand Gulf and stopped at Vicksburg, supposed to be Smith's troops from Red River (on way to Sherman doubtless). Yesterday afternoon late, brisk skirmishing and rapid artillery firing on Stewart's line. With this exception, day and night remarkably quiet. Enemy's sharpshooters in trees very annoying. Yesterday colonel and captain of First Missouri killed in trenches. Some supposed 150 guns in position would open. Sick and wounded had been moved back and many thought army would change position. Troops in good spirits. Press in southwest support the general. A victory will confirm all. In one and two weeks enemy will have considerable re-enforcements. Logan's corps go out service in three months. Lincoln calls for 400,000 more.

Gap in enemy's line. General believes force (McPherson) in front of Bate is there only to cover roads. Hooker in center, then Howard, palmer, and Schofield. Wheeler's scouts learn from citizens that from questions [of] enemy's engineers, who examine country and roads to Allatoona, a movement to Allatoona is contemplated.

Thursday, June 2.-(Sunset.) Headquarters moved yesterday evening from Widow Wigley's to camp in woods three miles farther to our right in rear of Hood on settlement road leading into Marietta road. Yesterday telegram sent to General Bragg (last was on 28th); another to Governor Brown. The quiet of the enemy on Tuesday on the left, sharpshooting only, no reply being made to our batteries, and the small force observed from Ellisberry Mountain, opposite Walker, induced the belief that the force at Dallas was small. Yesterday morning at daylight enemy commenced moving his forces

