
from Dallas to his left. From left of Mercer's brigade on Ellsberry Mountain heavy columns of infantry well closed up became visible at 7 o'clock, and continued in sight until 9 or 10 a. m. Major Lee and others observed them from mountain, and reported frequently. About midday the general rides to mountain. In front of walker the enemy kept their skirmishers close to ours, but no troops at the time to support them in the intrenchments, two lines of which had been erected several days before. We could see a few wagons passing in their front on the Burnt Hickory road, but in the distance the roads to burnt Hickory and that from Burnt Hickory to New Hope Church could be seen miles off, and wagons three miles off passing continually. The dust marked the progress when the road could not be seen. Wagons were moving to New Hope Church, and the dust also showed traveling beyond the cross-roads to Burnt Hickory, in direction of river. Officers observing the movements early in the day, said a column moved from left and occupied breast-works in front of Mercer and Cheatham to cover passage of others along road. Afterward line of battle was formed at right angles to fortifications. I saw lien of battle when rode first to mountain to see Major L[ee] and observe with map. Jackson's scouts reported same movement, and about 1 o'clock Armstrong entered Allas. He reported one-half enemy had taken the Burnt Hickory or Cartersville road leading toward Douthardt's bridge (so General Walker was told by residents) and the other corp had taken the Acworth road leading from Dallas to New Hope Church. No cavalry at Dallas since Sunday. cleburne was moved from supporting distance of Walker farther to right. Last evening heavy column of cavalry, with artillery, moved from Cartersville, and encamped at Allatoona; another cavalry column, reported 5,000, moved last evening up Dallas and Allatoona road to Allatoona. It seems all their cavalry is on our right. Yesterday confidential circular directing withdrawal at night to Lost Mountain recalled 4 p. m. Last night all quiet; also to-day, except some cannonading on Hood's line. About noon Hood reported enemy double-quicking to his right and attack expected. Bate, Cleburne, and Walker sent to right; attack expected in morning, though all quiet now (dusk); all quiet in front of Wheeler. Yesterday information about movements of enemy from Decatur toward Sherman received from S. D. Lee; from jackson's and Wheeler's scouts, 7,000 or 8,000 moved from Decatur on Somerville road on 2d.

Saturday, June 4, 1864.-(Midday.) No attack yesterday by enemy, as Generals Hood and Hardee expected. Headquarters unchanged. Telegram yesterday from General Bragg. Lee in line near Mecahnicsville, confronting Grant. Butler gone to join G[rant]. Beauregard at Richmond. Two more ciphers from Lee yesterday (S. D.); the last said the Sixteenth Army Corps, with eighteen pieces artillery, was moving toward Okolona rapidly, and that Forrest had been recalled from Russellville, and he would have to withdraw most of his cavalry from Middle Alabama. So, the great results anticipated from a raid of the Mississippi cavalry in Sherman's rear are not to be fulfilled at an early day. This column from Memphis may eventually endeavor to join Sherman. Before receipt of these dispatches General J[ohnston[had telegraphed Lee that a raid between S[herman's] army and Chattanooga would do much harm. Telegraphed also to General B. for information of movements

