
of Mississippi cavalry, to which reference was made in B.'s dispatch. Accounts of progress of the column moving toward Rome; from many sources expected at Gadsden on 1st of june, four days' march from Rome; according to one account 1,000 sent from Huntsville by rail. Chalmers was to move from Montevallo to Blue Mountain a day or two ago. Rumor already places him at Rome. Blair (or Griffin) said to be moving rapidly-fourteen miles per day; made forced marches from Clinton and Pulaski. He hasn't over 6,000 to 10,000; is mounting infantry as fast as [he] can seize horses, desolating the country. One account represented this force from Louisiana, that from Memphis no doubt is. Large detachments were made from Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, and sent, under A. J. Smith, to Red river. Besides these re-enforcements prisoners and scouts report 100-days' men coming down to guard communication.s One of thomas' couriers recently captured says nineteen regiments expected soon. Scouts say 3,000 of 100-days cavalry at columbia, Middle Tenn. Many officers of this army, as well as the people and army in the East, think there is very little disparity in the size of this army and Sherman's, and urge an immediate attack. S[herman] has at least 60,000 effective infantry now, supposing him to have lost 12,000 to 15,000 since leaving chattanooga. Our effective total infantry about 44,000. Rousseau expected with a division, from rear. Since leaving Dalton our entire loss not over 6,000. Many new troops sent to rear foot-sore, will come up. Army better fed (one-half pound bacon with meal or hard bread) than ever, whisky or coffee occasionally issued. Troops in fine spirits. Implicit confidence. All baggage wagons south of Chattahoochee. One wagon for cooking utensils of a brigade detached from general train. This campaign of a month shows that the army can get along with no baggage, and can be supplied twenty miles from railroad. General Jackson says captured letters of General Hazen show enemy to be in straits about rations-not paid for three months. (Thomas' orders say men and horses well fed.) Enemy yesterday reported commencing to rebuild Etowah railroad bridge; his line moving gradually to right, followed by ours; will not attack, but will fortify on Allatoona Heights and wait for supplies and re-enforcements. No fight for two weeks. Cheatham on extreme left, next Polk, then Hood and Hardee (and their divisions) on right. Colonel Cole, transportation quartermaster, here. Feeling in army: One lieutenant-general talks about attack and not giving ground, publicly, and quietly urges retreat.

Numbers 729,

Findings of the court of Inquiry upon the loss of confederate stores at Atlanta.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 51. Richmond, March 2, 1865

* * * *

II. A court of inquiry, convened at or near the headquarters of the Army of Tennessee, by order of General J. B. Hood, upon the

