
Numbers 730.

Report of Major William Clare, Assistant Inspector-General, upon the removal of citizens from Atlanta.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

September 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report in reference to the removal of the families from Atlanta under Major-General Sherman's (Federal Army) order of expulsion:

Receiving verbal orders from General Hood on the evening of the 11th to conduct the truce agreed upon between himself and Major-General Sherman, I started as soon as possible, reaching Rough after Ready at 7.30 on the morning of 12th of September. Shortly after reaching there I met the commanding officer of the Federal guard, and soon afterward Colonel Warner, of General Sherman's staff, the Federal truce officer. Having established with these officers the preliminaries of the truce and the manner in which it should be carried out, and made arrangement sin regard to the guards. I awaited the arrival of the trains from Atlanta. (The inclosed report of the names of the families arriving, their number and the date of their arrival, will give all the information on these points.*) Some delays and irregularities in regard to the arrival of the trains having occurred, I demanded of the Federal officer in charge the reason thereof and their correction. He informed me that every means of transportation were placed at the disposal of the citizens for the purpose of removing their families and effects. On sending form Mayor Calhoun and the committee of citizens charged with removing the people of Atlanta, I ascertained that his statement was correct. I had then only to urge upon the people, through the mayor, to come during the early days of the truce to guard against the accident of having too little transportation when the truce was about to close. This advice they disregarded, and the consequence was suffering and inconvenience. This was, however, to no great extent. From Rough and Ready to Lovejoy's Station, I think I can safely say, under my orders, were moved as comfortably and safely as possible the unfortunate people who were driven from their homes.

Receiving information from you that the government was being embarrassed by the heavy demands made upon the acting commissary of subsistence at Lovejoy's, I arranged with the Federal authorities to supply the exiles with five days' rations on their application to Colonel Le Duc, quartermaster twentieth Army Corps, at Atlanta. This, I was informed, was done. The apportionment of transportation among the different corps was made as you directed. On receiving your order I sent for Major Mason, the quartermaster in charge of the transportation reporting to me, and read the first as well as the supplemental order to him, and directed him to carry it out literally. This he, as well as Captain John McLaughlin, his assistant, informed me had been done.

Having been informed that six teamsters belonging to Captain Clark's train had deserted while the train was at Rough and Ready, I made a formal demand for them of the Federal flag of truce officer. He assured me that they should be returned if found, at the same

---------------

*The nominal lists inclosed with original show the following totals: Men, 98; women, 395; children, 605; servants, 70. Grand total, 1,168.

---------------

63 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT III

