
time stating to me that thirteen of the Federal guard and teamsters had deserted to our lines.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Colonel Anderson, in command of the guard from our army on duty at Rough and Ready, for the riding discipline he at all times maintained.

W. CLARE,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE, Inspector-General.

Numbers 731.

Report of Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, C. S. Army, of operations June 24.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Oxford, Ala., June 30, 1864.

MAJOR: Accompanying this will be found my official report of the action at La Fayette, Ga.:

While I did not realize all that I hope to have done, yet I am persuaded I did all that was possible under the circumstances. From the facts as they are detailed in that report it will be seen that with artillery I would have captured the entire command, with all its stores and equipments. the knowledge I acquired of the roads and resources of the country during this excursion would materially aid me in any future movement, if one should be ordered by the major-general commanding. I am satisfied that the resources of the country are amply sufficient to forage the command as long s would be necessary to operate in that region. I learned from scouts I met direct layout from Middle Tennessee that about the only forces left in that portion of the State are small garrisons of new troops (from 200 to 300) in the interior towns. The force left at Nashville is somewhat larger, but it does not exceed 2,000, part of whom are negroes.

I have made arrangements by which I feel confident trains of cars will be thrown from the track and mashed up in the tunnels on both roads north of Tennessee River. I had similar arrangements for like work in the tunnel on the Georgia Railroad if I failed to blow up the tunnel.

I would be glad to know if I have the general's permission to operate against the enemy's gun-boats on Tennessee River, or to renew the effort on his line of communication, when my command shall have been rested and somewhat recruited. I am satisfied I could go into Tennessee, crossing near Florence, tear up the railroad,s capture the garrisons in the interior towns, destroy his stores, and bring out a large number of recruits. If Forrest and myself could both go in we could inflict such damage upon the enemy and his sources of supply that months would elapse before he could draw-anything more through that channel. I do not see who these commands can well be spared, but this region might be held and defended by ordering up to the front the reserves of Alabama; and by strengthening my command with Roddey my force could inflict irreparable damage on the enemy in Middle Tennessee or in North Georgia. The guns of Carpenter's battery, under Lieutenant Jenks, have reached me, but the horses, coming up by the dirt road, will not arrive before Sunday.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

