
combat. These I shall seek to place before a court for trail. I refer to the reports of subordinate commanders for further particulars.

My brigade commanders (Colonels Neely and Armistead) performed their duty to my entire satisfaction, both officers having acted with great coolness, judgment, and skill.

Colonel Armistead's command suffered much more severely, having first entered the square and received the enemy's fire, and occupied all the approaches to the enemy's stronghold. After Colonel Armistead was wounded the command of his brigade devolved upon Colonel Ball, whose gallantry and skill in command was all that I could expect or wish.

Accompanying this is a list of killed, wounded, and missing. It is believed that the missing are mostly among the stragglers, and generally have gone to the rear and will join their commands.

Having myself accompanied Colonel Neely's command and ordered it into action, I am satisfied that its failure to attack simultaneously with Armistead was owing to the inaccurate information under which I acted as to the distance each had to march to reach their respective front of the town, the roads by which they advanced having diverged about six miles from the town.

I acknowledge my obligations for the prompt assistance I received from my personal staff-Major Burch and Captain Pillow, my senior and junior assistant adjutants-general, from Lieutenant Johnson, my ordnance officer, and Lieutenant Underhill, aide-de-camp of Major-General Lee, who accompanied me on the expedition; also to Major Glass, my commissary, and to Doctor Perrin, my chief surgeon, who rendered every assistance in his power to the wounded.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Major ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Subinclosure.]

Return of casualties in Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow's cavalry command, at La Fayette, Ga., June 24, 1864.

[Compiled from nominal list.*]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers	 Men.	 Officers	 Men.	 Aggregate

Armistead's

brigade.

8th Alabama.	 +2	 5	 4	 14	 25

12th	 ...	 12	 4	 9	 25

Mississippi.

Lewis'	 ++1	 ...	 ...	 5	 6

battalion

Alabama

cavalry.

Total.	 3	 17	 8	 28	 56

Neely's

brigade.

12th Tennessee.	 #1	 2	 1	 3	 7

14th Tennessee.	 ...	 1	 2	 3	 11

15th Tennessee.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 3	 3

Total.	 1	 3	 3	 14	 21

Grand total.	 4	 20	 11	 42	 77

---------------

*Signed by Surg. E. B. Perrin.

+Major R. H. Redwood and Lieutenant S. S. Johnston.

++Major T. H. Lewis.

#Lieutenant R. B. Bone, adjutant.

---------------

