
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, 12TH CORPS,Decherd, Tenn., January 23, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with recommendation that the troops be withdrawn from Tracy City, as I cannot see the public necessity of guarding a private trading establishment and coal mine.

SAML. ROSS,

Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Vol. Infantry, Commanding First Brigadier

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Joseph M. Sudsburg, Third Maryland Infantry.

COWAN, January 21, 1864.

Our force at Tracy City was attacked yesterday afternoon by a mounted force of about 150 men. The force made a most determined resistance, being summoned three times to surrender. Captain Upson is shot through the body, and, it is feared, mortally wounded, and quite a number are missing. Captain Tipton's cavalry are nearly all missing. They burned the depot and other buildings. The re-enforcements which I sent last night have returned, and I now send a detail of 50 men to permanently re-enforce the post, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster. I also sent a surgeon to the wounded. The rebel force is supposed to be Murray's gang from the vicinity of Collins River.

JOSEPH M. SUDSBURG,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant-Colonel RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,Cowan, Tenn., January 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you report of Captain J. F. George, Company E, Second Massachusetts Infantry. I have sent to-day 1 commissioned officer and 50 men of my regiment for re-enforcement to Tracy City.

General Knipe, with whom I had an interview some days ago, informed me that Tracy City was not under my command, but under Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, Twentieth Connecticut. Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster not being able to support the post at Tracy City from his regiment, of which the headquarters are in Tantalon, I considered it my duty under existing circumstances to act from here.

I would respectfully request further instruction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH M. SUDSBURG,

Colonel Third Maryland Regiment, Commanding Post.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

