
tieth Connecticut. The enemy then, after deploying along the edge of the woods surrounding the town, sent in under flags of truce four separate summons to surrender, which being refused, they proceeded to set fire to the depot, engine-house, and some buildings connected with the coal works. They paroled and set at liberty 10 of their prisoners. Of the remaining, nothing has been heard. A man named Kennedy, who owns a house in the place, and who was arrested several nights before on suspicion of being a spy, but who effected his escape, is supposed to have guided this rebel party into the town. I remained whit my command in the town till 8 a. m. of the 21st, when, seeing no signs o f the enemy in the vicinity, and accordance with your orders, I embarked my command on board the cars and returned to Cowan, where I arrived at 12 m.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. GEORGE,

Captain Co. E, Second Massachusetts Infantry, Commanding

Colonel JOSEPH M. SUDSBURG,

Third Maryland Infantry, Commanding Post.

JANUARY 21, 1864.-Scout from Chattanooga to Harrison and Ooltewah, Tenn.

Report of Co. Geza Mihalotzy, Twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. 24TH Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tenn., January 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report, detailing additional results of the expedition under my command of detachment Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to Harrison and Ooltewah:

On the 20th instant the following-named 4 deserters from the rebel army came into our lines, whom I sent to Provost-Marshal-General Wiles the same day: John L. Tanner, private, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry; J. C. Cantrell, private, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry; T. J. Cantrell, private, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry, stationed 4 miles below Dalton, and report the strength of the rebel forces at those places respectively as follows: At Tunnel Hill, three brigades of infantry and a large force of artillery; at Dalton, two divisions of infantry.

On the 21st instant, the morning after receiving you dispatch, in obedience to orders, I proceeded with my command Ooltewah, while I sent my train to chattanooga by the direct road. With the train in charge of Lieutenant Hodges, Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, I sent 3 citizen prisoners from the neighborhood of Harrison (J. T. Gardenhire, J. A. Hunter, and

-----

Lyon) to Provost-Marshal-General Wiles, who are charged with having aided rebel guerrillas.

On approaching the town of Ooltewah about 10 a. m. I encountered a squad of rebel cavalry, some 60 men strong, who, however, precipitately fled from my advance guard, and having no cavalry at

