
guerrillas infesting that region, and that the rebels have signified their intention to burn the town, of Ooltewah as soon as the families of the Misses Locke and Barnet, above mentioned, quiet the town. After obtaining the above information from my scouting party, who returned about two hours after I arrived at Ooltewah, I took up the march to Chattanooga and arrived in camp at 9.30 o'clock the same day with my command, without having sustained any loss.

In conclusion I would again most respectfully beg leave to call the attention of the general commanding to the advantages to be gained by permanently stationing a small force at the town of Ooltewah. A force of two regiments with a half battery of battery of artillery could, in conjunction whit the organization of citizens above mentioned, hold all the mountain passes in that region, thereby effectually preventing all raids, securing our river transportation, and afforcing to the almost exclusively loyal population the protection which they so much deserve. A great amount of most valuable information could also be obtained by such a force with the aid of the citizens of the band previously mentioned, they being intimately acquainted whit the country thereabouts and able and willing to put in operation a most effective system of espionage for that purpose.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MIHALOTZY,

Colonel 24th Regiment Ill. Vol. Inf., Commanding Expedition.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, January 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, and attention called d to the highly judicious suggestions of Colonel Mihalotzy.

J. M. PALMER,Major-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 21-22, 1864.-Skirmishers at Strawbery Plains (21st) and at Armstrong's Ferry, Tenn. (22nd).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Ninth Corps.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Erskine Gittings, Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanidng First Division, Ninth Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Erin's Station, East Tenn., January 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report fort he information of the commanding general:

According to instruction received I marched the Ninth Army Corps on the morning of the 16th instant at 9 a. m. from Blain's

