
my line, which would have proved destructive to my men had they been allowed to remain. I accordingly ordered 2 companies of the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers to charge and carry the crest, which they did in a most gallant manner, causing the enemy to make a most precipitant retreat. Occupied the position during the night without further molestation from the enemy.

At daylight on the morning of the 23rd, I ordered a company of the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers to advance as skirmishers, supported by the Second Maryland Volunteers. After having scoured the country for a distance of 5 miles, and not being able to find the enemy, rejoined the command, where we remained during that day and night.

On the morning of the 24th, I received instructions to march the command to some suitable camp within supporting distance of Knoxville.

The losses during the above engagements are 1 private, Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, and Lieutenant Mentzel, of the Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, killed.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the men and officers for their patience and endurance during the march from Strawberry Plins, dragging 2 pieces of artillery a distance of 10 miles over rough, muddy roads, without a murmur. Great credit is dare to the brigade commander for their promptness in carrying out my orders in detail; also to the members of my staff for their valuable assistance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. R. MIGHLELS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, January 22, 1864-4.15 p. m.

SIR: With Special Orders, Numbers 22, received,t he last one, to select a camp near the Twenty-third Corps, I had anticipated by moving down with General Manson's division, before the enemy, tot he intersection of the Knoxville and Armstrong's Ferry roads. I am now carrying on a brisk skirmish with the enemy's dismounted infantry, holding a position about half a mile above cross-roads, my right resting on a crest and my left and center in the valley, covered by underbrush and broken ground. I took this stand in order to develop, if possible, the character of the force advancing. So far I have discovered nothing but a division of mounted troops. I did not wish either to divide the force or to march into Knoxville with the enemy on my heels. Having no cavalry, I cannot tell anything more than is before me. The enemy's flanks are both covered with woods. If you determine that I shall hold this position to-morrow, please send me commissary stores and ammunition to-night.

O. B. WILLCOX,Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

