
only shots fired by me after their battery ceased firing, were from the rifled 6-pounder guns near the depot. At night-fall I took a position a little farther to the rear of my first one, and by 12 p. m. received orders to take the Knoxville road, following in rear of he trains, &amp;c. The only loss in material which I sustained was one wagon abandoned by the driver on account of breaking the tongue of the wagon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. GITTINGS,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery.

Captain H. R. MIGHELS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 21-23, 1864.-Scout from Rossville toward Dalton, Ga., and skirmish (22nd).

Report of Colonel William P. Boone, Twenty-eight Kentucky infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Rossville, Ga., January 24, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I moved out of camp at Rossville ont eh 21st instant at 10 a. m., with the following effective force: Twenty-eighth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, 220 men and 11 officer, Lieutenant Colonel J. Rowan Boone, commanding; Fourth Michigan Cavalry, 211 men and 4 officers, Captain Alfred Abeel, commanding. Total, 431 men and 15 officers.

Commanding moved in direction of and through McLemore's Cove to a point between Blue Bird Gap and Dug Gap, 25 miles south of chattanooga, and bivouacked for the night, placing strong pickets on the approaches thought those gaps.

At 3 a. m. on the 22nd instant, the march was resumed, and crossing Lookout at the intersection of Pigeon Mountain passed through Broomtown Valley to Summerville, thence across Taylor's Ridge to Dirt Town, and thence I proceeded about 8 miles in direction of Dalton to the camp of Colonel Culberson, commanding Home Guards, where some 300 of hat officer's regiment were routed; the camp was destroyed with a considerable number of arms and other properly, but the main body of the enemy escaped in direction of Dalton, where the Confederate forces were strongly posted.

Having gone as far as indicated by orders and being encumbered by considerable number of prisoners, horses, mules, &c., the propriety of advancing upon Dalton was doubtful, and I moved back in direction of chattanooga, recrossed Taylor's Ridge and bivouacked for the night, 3 miles from Summerville. The command marched on this day 59 miles, captured one government wagon, which was afterward burnt, 15 prisoners, among whom was one Captain Hubbard.

At 5 a. m. I moved in direction of Rossville, and arrived in camp at 10 p. m.

The prisoners have been turned over tot eh provost-marshal at Chattanooga. There were no casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. P. BOONE,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

