
was not here. The detachment is in command of Major Kimmel, a good officer, provided with an efficient guide, and will execute your order if possible.

There is no pontoon at the mouth of the Chucky. I am informed there was one 3 miles above the mount; another 12 miles above that. It will be necessary to cross the French Broad to get at either of them. Even with bridges destroyed, there is no difficulty in crossing with infantry and artillery, or trains. The guide, mr. Inman, tells me that there are half a dozen excellent fords, both above and below the bridges, that can be crossed at this stage of the river without finding water more than knee deep to a man.

The total result of the expedition yesterday was 22 wagons with their teams, and 90 prisoners, 2 captains and lieutenant.

My headquarters are on the Dougherty road, about opposite Fair Garden. Your dispatch of 2.30 p. m. is just received (5.40 p. m.). Colonel La Grange with all his brigade not barefooted, is away in the direction of Wilsonville, and the guides, who know the ford roads, with him. I took the responsibility of sending him out this morning in order to keep the revels form crossing into the bottoms. I can procure no other guides, and cannot move until to-morrow morning at daylight. I will suggest to Wolford that he move on the main road at the same time, and effect a junction whit me at Wilsonville. I ordered La Grange to destroy the boats at Hays' Ferry if he could get them. I will have full information form him and from Dandridge to-night.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain and Actg. Aide-de-Camp, in absence of Colonel McCook.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Sevierville, tenn., January 25, 1864.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,Commanding Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: The general commanding he cavalry instructs met o say that it gives him great pleasure to send you the following extract of a letter, written by order of Major-General Foster, commanding the department:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, January 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: By direction of the general commanding I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by him of your dispatch announcing the capture of train of the enemy by Colonels McCook and Palmer, and to express to you his gratification and to ask you to make in his name the proper compliments to Colonels McCook and Palmer and the officers and men serving under them.

JAMES H. STRONG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

