
Had we got across the Obion before it commenced to rise we could have gone by the way of Dyersburg, and should have had no difficulty in going as far as the Hatchie River beyond what would have resulted from the bad condition of the roads. As the streams to the east of us are now falling rapidly, and the roads are drying up, we may be able to get through reasonably fast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel 4th Mo. Cav., Commanding Cav. Brigadier, 6th Div., 16th A. C.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 23, 1864.-Skirmish near Newport, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of the Ohio.

SEVIERVILLE, TENN., January 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I have just returned from Fair Garden and McCook's position near Dandridge.

Yesterday I ordered a party of 150 men under Major Kimmel to attempt the destruction of a pontoon bridge reported to be near the mouth of the Chucky. The party returned early this morning, having gone up the Chucky some 3 miles, but found no pontoon. The Chucky is very low and fordable at nearly all points.

Yesterday evening Colonel La Grange (First Wisconsin) was sent with his brigade to intercept a reported train of wagons (said to be 100) with infantry escort war Newport, and conveying forage to Morristown. The colonel has returned, but found no wagons. He captured 15 prisoners. Both these scouting parties examined the country with a view to its resources of forage, &amp;c., going into and through the Dutch and Irish bottoms, and report that the forage has been nearly all hauled by the enemy to the north side of the river, where it is protected by strong guards of infantry. Colonel La Grange estimates that in what was reported to be the richest portion of the valley a division of cavalry could not subsist longer than three days. From these reports it will be seen that there is nothing left for this force but to settle about this place until it shall have exhausted the country, which will be but a short time. What is to do then it is difficult to say.

I do not know that it can be avoided, but I may say that it is a pity that circumstances should compel us to entirely exhaust the country of these loyal people. If we remain here long they must suffer, and it will be impossible for them to raise anything next

