
year. The necessity for pressing supplies leads so immediately to plundering that soldiers find no difficulty in taking the step from the one to the other, and in spite of all I can do to the contrary. It is distressing to witness the sufferings of these people at the hands of the friends for whom they have been so long and so anxiously looking. You cannot help it; neither can I, and I only refer to it because my heart is full of it.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The enemy has made repeated attempts to cross to this side, but have been driven back in every attempt. The infantry of the enemy was sent back to Morristown on Monday morning last.

S. D. S.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Fain's Ford, Tenn., January 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the scout from the Second Brigade proceeded by way of Dutch Bottom through Irish Bottom to he house of William Jack, 2 1\2 miles from Newport. At this point about 300 of the enemy were found drawn up in an advantageous position, and it being near night and our horses somewhat jaded it was not deemed prudent to attack him.

One of the enemy's outposts was attacked, 3 killed and 16 with arms and horses captured. No loss sustained by the scouting party. Only about 3,000 bushels of corn observed on the entire route.

Most respectfully,O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

JANUARY 23, 1864.-Affair near Woodville, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General Charles R. Woods, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

WODVILLE, ALA., January 26, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday night, the 23rd instant, about 9 o'clock, a party of rebels, about 60 in number,

