
made a descent upon the corral of unserviceable animals under charge of the division quartermaster and drove off a portion of them besides taking off 17 citizens teamsters. The number of animals now missing is about 90, but I have reliable information that only about 40 were got across the river. The division quartermaster has parties out picking them up. The corral is situated by the side of the railroad, about 3 miles east of Woodville, and within 400 yards of the railroad, about 3 miles east of Woodville, and within 400 yards of the railroad guard of 25 men and between their post and this station. The animals and teamsters were taken by a bridle-path over the mountain within 2 miles of Woodville. The existence of this path was not known. The rebels kept on the summit of the mountains, avoiding the roads, and crossed at a ferry about 4 miles below Larkin's Ferry. They reached the ferry about daylight.

Owing to the fact that all the teamsters were taken away, and that 3 or 4 men were left at the corral to prevent a citizen giving the alarm, I did not get the information until about 10 o'clock a. m.

I immediately sent out Lieutenant-Colonel Gage, assistant inspector-general, with about 60 mounted artillerymen, in pursuit, with instructions to take the trail and follow as fast as possible. I sent Lieutenant Lacey with 20 mounted infantry in the direction of Guntersville and Major Seay with 200 infantry in the same direct of Guntersville and Major Seay with 200 infantry in the same direction to support either party. As the enemy had in all probability crossed the river by the time the pursuing parties started, the pursuit was fruitless.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 23, 1864.-Scout from La Grange, Tenn., to Ripley, Miss.

Report of Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, La Grange, January 23, 1864.

SIR: A scouting force of this regiment, just back from Ripley, captured 3 prisoners and lost 3, taken prisoners. May I send now flag of truce proffering exchange?

E. PRINCE,Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Numbers

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

