
and commanding reports that he met a party of rebels, about 20 in number, yesterday morning at 3 a. m., and had a brisk little skirmish with them, between Vienna, and the Tennessee River, near Cobb's Mill. The rebels were driven back and dispersed, seeking shelter in the mountains. No casualties among our men, and none known of among the rebels.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, 15th Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala.

Numbers 4. Reports of Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Cavalry Division.

BLUE WATER, January 26, 1864.

GENERAL: A portion of Roddey's command, Johnson's brigade, crossed the Tennessee River at Bainbridge, 6 miles above Newport Ferry, and 3 miles below Florence, with the intention to make a junction with a brigade of infantry, who were expected to cross the river at Lamb's and Brown's Ferries, thence proceed to Athens to capture the force occupying the same. We engaged the enemy near Florence, routed them, killed 15; wounded quite a number, who we have in our possession. We have a number of prisoners, among whom are 3 commissioned officers. Captain Ingram, commanidng a battalion, is among the killed. Our loss is 10 wounded, 1 mortally.

Captain Smith, Company B, Ninety-second Illinois, was severely wounded in the arm.

Prisoners report Corinth evacuated and burned.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. O. MILLER,

Commanding Division Mounted Infantry.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Huntsville, Ala., January 28, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received from you I proceeded with a portion of the Third Brigade, Colonel Atkins commanding.

On the 25th, at Bainbridge Ferry, 6 miles above Florence, we came upon a portion of Johnson's brigade crossing the Tennessee River. After a sharp skirmish those who had crossed the river took to the hills. I learned form prisoners taken that the balance of the brigade was crossing the river below Florence for some purpose. I started the command at once for that place. Arriving on the Florence and Athens road I found the vedettes holding inc heck the enemy. Four

