
Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Huntsville, Ala., January 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, agreeably to order, I marched whit my command on the 23rd instant in the direction of Florence via Athens. Arriving within 1 mile of Bainbridge Ferry I sent one company of Ninety-second Illinois to the ford, who succeeded in capturing 6 and killing 5 of the enemy. The prisoners captured reported a large force crossing at Florence to co-operate with another column on Athens.

On the morning of the 25th instant, after marching 1 1\2 miles toward Florence, the advance had heavy skirmishing whit the enemy posted in a log building. The Ninety-second Illinois was sent immediately in support. The enemy charged them on horseback, but were repulsed with loss. the Seventy-second Indiana, Captain Robinson commanding, and Ninety-eight Illinois, Captain McCraken commanding, were dismounted and deployed across the road, charged with a shout, scouting the enemy, driving him form his position, killing 15, including Lieutenant-Colonel Windes, of Johnson's regiment, Captain Ingram, Fourth Alabama, and la lieutenant,a nd capturing 1 man and 2 officers.

Orders were found on the body of Captain Ingram showing that he was advancing to co-operate in the attack on Athens.

Our loss was 6 wounded. By command of Colonel A. O. Miller, commanding division, the column marched to Athens and reached Huntsville 27th instant.

I inclose copies of reports of Captain Van Buskirk, commanding Ninety-second Illinois; Captain James E. Robinson, commanding Seventy-second Indiana, and Captain W. McCracken, Ninety-eighth Illinois Volunteers, which I beg may be taken as part of this report, and to which I refer for more minute details.

I add whit pleasure that every man and officer in the brigade did his entire duty during the affair.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,SMITH DYKINS ATKINS,

Colonel 92nd Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Matthew Van Buskirk, Ninety-second Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Huntsville, Ala., January 27, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report:

The Ninety-second Illinois marched form camp near Huntsville on the 23rd instant whit 22 officers and 343 enlisted men for Florence via Athens, Ala.

On the 25th instant Company I (Captain Backer) made a dash on Bainbridge Ferry, capturing the enemy's pickets, 6 men, and killing 5 [men] and some 25 horses. Owing tot he difficulty of approach and

