
their position being covered by their sharpshooters, the balance made their escape. Resuming our march, we came upon the enemy in force near Sweet Water in strong position, their center being posted in and around buildings, and their flanks approachable only over an open field, while they were sheltered by woods. They charged us on horseback. We repulsed them and routed them form their position, capturing 1 man, 1 lieutenant, and 1 captain, and killing some 15.

we returned to camp on the 27th, having the following list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MATTHEW VAN BUSKIRK,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE B. THATCHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain William McCracken, Ninety-eight Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Huntsville, Ala., January 28, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters I marched with my command January 23, at the time specified, whit the brigade, in the direction of Athens; went into camp at the Widow Robertson's, 15 miles from Huntsville.

Next day I proceeded on through Athens toward Rogersville, and camped that night at Lanier's, on the west side of Elk River.

On Monday, the 25th, I started at daylight on the road to Florence without any interruption until we crossed Shoal Creek. Arriving at the cross-road leading to Bainbridge Ferry, I was ordered to take half of my command and proceed on the right of the road tot he ferry, which I did, finding no obstacle. The other haled of my command was ordered to hold the road to Florence. After returning from the ferry I took up my march with the brigade toward Florence. After proceeding half a mile skirmishing commenced briskly, when I was ordered to dismount and form my battalion on the left of the road, connecting my right ahead Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers, and charge the enemy on double-quick through an open field to get possession of the woods occupied by the enemy's right, which I did most effectually, killing and wounding many. My loss was none. After the rout of the enemy, I received orders from Colonel Atkins to remount and fall back to the east side of Shoal Creek, where I went into camp.

At 12 p. m. we resumed our march toward Rogersville, and halted at 4 a. m,. on the west side of Blue Water. At daylight I marched back toward Florence, and having proceeded about 10 miles received orders to return to Athens, where we arrived at 7 p. m., and returned to Huntsville next day (the 27th instant).

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WILLIAM McCRACKEN,

Captain, Commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois.

Lieutenant GEORGE B. THATCHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 7 wounded.

---------------

