
odd prisoners, destroyed all the niter works at Rawlingsville. Wheeler's force is at Gadsden. Quite a force of the enemy have concentrated at Kingston, and quite a number have passed through Montgomery to Mobile some three weeks since. There is no forage or subsistence after leaving the Tennessee until you reach the Coosa. What is there is being removed as rapidly as possible. I leave a force at he river, and will send out again soon in that direction. I think the object has been accomplished, however. I leave for Huntsville this morning and push the work on the road between Huntsville and Decatur as rapidly as possible. A great many Alabamians in the country desire to enlist in the Alabama regiment. They have shown themselves very useful men. If I had the authority I could fill the regiment and use them to a good purpose. They are the best scouts I ever saw, and know the country well clear to Montgomery. My veterans are very anxious to go home. Have heard nothing from General Thomas; I know nothing of his movements on the La Fayette road, &amp;c.

JNO. A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, U. S. Army,commanding expedition.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Larkin's Landing, ala., February 5, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from general Logan, received on the 25th ultimo, the Eighth Missouri Volunteers took the pontoonboats out of Mud Creek, thence down the Tennessee to Larkin's Landing, where, under the superintendence of Captain Jenney, of General Sherman's staff, the pioneers of my own and General Ewing's division constructed a bridge. Upon the arrival of the boats at 8 p. m. of the 26th, I immediately ferried over six regiments of my division to endeavor by a rapid movement to carry out yours views and capture some of the pickets operating in the valley of the Tennessee, arresting conscripts, and intercepting deserters from the army about Dalton.

The crossing was effected and the horses swum over by 9.30 p. m. The command was divided into three parts. Two regiments, under Colonel Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, moved down the river to surround a camp between Santa and Town Creeks. One, under Colonel Jones, proceeded to Gourd Neck, in the mountains, and the gird, under Major Froman, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, which I accompanied, made a forced march to Smith's Gap, in Sand Mountain, about 12 miles from the landing, to intercept any fugitives from the valley. These gaps were occupied by 2 a. m., and the combined movements resulted in the capture of 1 lieutenant, 8 privates, and several guerrillas. Many shots were exchanged in the night, and some horses killed and captured. We returned tot he landing next day and completed the bridge. This movement created great consternation among the guilty and caused a general stampede of citizens, negroes, and horsed for the other side of the Coosa River. It also enabled men o come out of the

