
JANUARY 26-28, 1864.-Operations about Dandridge, Tenn.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Jan. 26, 1864.-Skirmishes at Flat Creek and Muddy Creek.

27, 1864.-Skirmishers at Kelley's Ford and McNutt's Bridge.

Engagement near Fair Garden.

28, 1864.-Skirmishes at Fain's Island, Indian Creek, Island Ford, Kelley's Ford, and Swann's Island.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Edward m. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 6.-Captain Eli Lilly, eighteenth Indiana Battery.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 8.-Major Edward G. Savage, Ninth Pennsylvania, Cavalry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 27, 1864.

The enemy's cavalry are pressing General Sturgis quite vigorously between Sevierville and Newport, but he holds his ground his ground. Longstreet, with all his infantry, are at Morristown and Russellville in winter quarters. The re-enforcements received by him consist of Pickett's division of his corps. He has no apparent idea of advancing before spring. My own situation is secure, and the communication to the rear is well guarded. The supplies received form out depots at Chattanooga and Camp Burnside would be entirely inadequate were it not for the supplies gleaned form the country by out distributed parties. I am pushing work on Loundon bridge. Colonel McCallum has arrived, and will also go to work on the road. With this road and the road via Decatur opened, supplies may be accumulated for trains for campaign in the spring. I am sending all broken-down animals to the rear for forage.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

---------------

*See also Foster's report, p. 42.

---------------

