
NASHVILLE, TENN., January 29, 1864. (Received 10 p. m.)

Major General J. G. Foster telegraphs from Knoxville, Tenn., under date 9 a. m. 28th, as follows:

I have the honor to report that the cavalry under General Sturgis achieved a decided victory over the enemy's cavalry yesterday near Fair Garden, about 10 miles east of Sevierville. McCook's division drove the enemy about 2 miles, after a stubborn fight, lasting from daylight to 4 p. m., at which time the division charged with the saber and yell, and routed the enemy from the field, capturing 2 steel rifled-guns and over 100 prisoners. The enemy's loss was considerable, 65 of them being killed or wounded in the charge. Garrard's and Woford's divisions came up, after a forced march, in time to be pushed in pursuit, although their horses were jaded. General Sturgis hoped to be able to make the rout complete.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, January 30, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received February 1.)

General Sturgis pushed the pursuit of Morgan's rebel division until he broke it up entirely, but Armstrong's division took position and with infantry supports repulsed the attack of Wolford's division. In the mean time several brigades of infantry, having crossed the river below Dandridge,forced back McCook's and Garrard's divisions. General Sturgis then withdrew his whole command toward Maryville. I have now sent him orders to move all his best mounted men (which I hope to make up to 1,500 or 2,000) to make a raid on Longstreet's rear, and to attempt Saltville. As he cannot go by the eastward he will move by the west, passing Cumberland Gap, Jonesville, &amp;c. Otherwise, all is quiet as usual.

I have received no answer to my application for sick leave. My knee-joint is becoming more and more painful, and I am fearful that permanent lameness or loss of the limb may ensue if I do not have something done soon.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Ohio.

SEVIERVILLE, TENN., January 26, 1864-8.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy advanced this afternoon, from the direction of Fair Garden, two brigades with artillery. We checked him some 4 miles from this place, at Dickey's. Colonel Wolford, however,

