
who was posted in what is called the Flat Creek road, some 6 miles from here, at a place called Fowler's, was attacked by Armstrong's division and was driven back, when last heard from, some 2 miles.

Many of his men came into this place, and report that the enemy had infantry. Colonel Garrard, who was stationed at Tom Evans', on the French Broad, guarding the fords, has been ordered down to Wolford's assistance. Wolford's division is so greatly reduced that it only numbers at most 900 men, and I think that is a large estimate.

I am sending an order to the footmen who left Knoxville this morning to march all night and get up if possible, but I fear they will not get up, as colonel Buatler says that the communication addressed to him from your office was opened by the officer in command, and that it is more than probable he halted soon after leaving Knoxville.

The enemy is evidently very strong, and exultant over their last few days' operations.

We will do the best we can, but I don not feel like promising much.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

General E. E. POTTER

Chief of Staff, Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Dickey's House, January 27, 1864-12.45 p. m.

GENERAL: Last evening Colonel Wolford fell back to within 2 miles of Sevierville, and there remained. The force on the Fair Garden road was held in check by Colonel Campbell's brigade,a nd I brought Colonel La Grange's brigade back to within 2 within 2 miles of Sevierville. Colonel Garrard remained a Nichols' watching the river road, and I moved up the troops which were watching the fords below the Little Pigeon to Cannot's, on the Little Pigeon. Learning that the enemy had concentrated on this (Fair Garden) road, I directed Colonel McCook to attack him at daybreak. The morning was very foggy, and not much could be done. We have driven the enemy, however, a coup.e of miles, and I have just sent La Grange up the left-hand road from this place toward Fair Garden. Campbell is non the main road, and I am looking for Wolford to come in on the left. How affairs will turn out it is hard to say, but we hope to whip them. The guns are just opening good, and I will have to cease. I will inclose a rough sketch,* so that you can follow the movements I have spoken of.

Yours, &amp;c.,S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville.

---------------

*See p. 133.

---------------

