HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Dickey's, January 27, 1864-6 p. m.

GENERAL: After riving the whole cavalry force of the enemy steadily all day long, our troops went in about 4 o'clock whit the saber and a yell and routed them, horse, foot, and dragoon, capturing over 100 prisoners, which I am sending down, and 2 pieces of artillery, 3-inch steel guns. Our troops are very much worn down with continuous fighting and little to eat, but they are a band of as patient and brave soldiers as i have ever seen thus far. Some 50 or 60 of the enemy were wounded and killed in the charge alone. In the whole day's fighting their loss must be very large. As Wolford and Garrard were brought form a long distance, they fell in as reserves, so that this glorious day's work was performed alone by the gallant men of La Grange's and Campbell's brigades, of McCook's division.

Respectfully yours, &amp;c.,S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

My gallant aide, Captain Rawolle, charged with line and captured a horse. We will pursue them until we drive them out of the country, or are driven out ourselves. Garrard and Wolford have been marching hard all day and yesterday too; but I am pushing them up now, tired as they are, with the hope of making this rout complete.

S. D. S.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, January 29, 1864-9 a. m.

GENERAL: In pursuance of my intentions, when I wrote last, we pursued the enemy very rapidly yesterday morning to the river at Swann's Island, above Dandridge. The rout of the enemy was complete and Morgan's division is utterly destroyed and Generals Martin and Morgan both reported lost by the rebels.

On reaching the river I sent a reconnaissance to Fain's Island, below Dandridge, where we found three brigades of rebel infantry crossed to this side and still crossing, wading with knapsacks and overcoats strapped on. I determined at once that it was impossible for us to occupy this country any longer, as the men and animals were perfectly worn out form constant marching and fighting. Without any time for gathering anything, either for man or beast, we could not live her and fight Longstreet's infantry. I determined, however, to live here and fight Longstreet's infantry. I determined, however, to destroy Armstrong's division, if possible, before infantry would get destroy Armstrong's division,if possible, before the infantry would get up, as I had just learned form Palmer heat it was on the main (river) Newport road near Indian Creek, 3 or 4 miles up the river.

I put Wolford in at once, supported by La Grange, and left Garrard and McCook to watch the infantry. Armstrong, however, was strongly posted on a heavily timbered bank of the creek on a hill and had fortified himself strongly. Was joined during the fight by three regiments of infantry. The battle lasted until sundown, when, finding the infantry in our rear advancing, I withdrew to this place by way of Fair Garden.

