
Our loss in this engagement is pretty severe; about 8 officers that I now know of, and a great many men i fear.

As soon as I determined to vacate the country I ordered everything away from Sevierville-the wagons, &amp;c., to Maryville via Trundle's Cross-Roads; the footmen and captured artillery to Knoxville. I will go down by way of Trotter's Bridge and Wear's Cover for the sake of forage.

It is hard to leave these loyal people to the mercies of the enemy, but it can't be helped. If I had had a division of infantry at Sevierville, I could have annihilated both these divisions of rebel cavalry, for the rout was complete and the men scattered beyond all possible hope of organization in Morgan's division.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

We will camp to-night in Wear's Cove and to-morrow night probably in Tuckaleechee Cove.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Maryville, E. Tenn., February 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command, consisting of Colonel wolford's and Garrard's cavalry divisions, Army of the Ohio, and Colonel McCook's cavalry division, Army of the Cumberland, on the 26th, 27th, and 28th of January, 1864:

Having consumed almost all the forage and supplies on the south side of the French Broad River not absolutely necessary for the support of the Union families during the winter, and the enemy's cavalry having crossed the river at Swann's Island Ford, so that we were daily contesting with him for the little forage still remaining inside of his lines, I made the following dispositions of my command on the 26th ultimo: colonel Garrard with his division picketed all the fords and ferries below Tom Evans' Ford, on the French Broad River, with his reserve in position in rear of Flat Creek; Colonel Wolford with his division was posted on the Flat Creek road near Tom Fowler's house, 6 miles form Sevierville, to be within supporting distance of Colonel Garrard, and vice versa; Colonel Campbell' cavalry brigade of Colonel McCook's division, was in position on the main Sevierville and Newport road, 4 miles from the former place, and Colonel La Grange's brigade, of the same division, was held in readiness 1 1\2 miles form Sevierville, on the main Newport road, to move either to the assistance of Colonels Wolford or Campbell, as might be required by the developments of the enemy's intentions.

In these positions Colonels Wolford and Campbell were attacked the enemy making no very determined assault. Finding that Colonel Campbell had the rebel cavalry division of General Morgan in his front, and that the force attacking Colonel Wolford was part of the rebel cavalry division of General Armstrong, I determined to strike

