
first at the force in front of Colonel Campbell (on the main Newport road), and destroy it if possible before the other division could come to its relief.

Early on the morning of the 27th, while a dense fog made it impossible to see ut a short distance, Colonel Campbell was ordered to charge a ridge occupied by the enemy on our left, beyond the bend of he Little Pigeon River, near Hodsden's house, which was the key point to the rebel position. Then opening whit rifled guns of Captain Lilly's battery, his brigade charged the entire line of the enemy, driving him more than half a mile.

The enemy taking up a new position in rear of the creak crossed by McNutt's Bridge, I now advanced Colonel la Grange's brigade unobserved over a by-road turning off at Dickey's house, 4 miles east of Sevierville on our left, and running nearly parallel with the main Newport road, which it again enters at Jim Walker's, 2 1\2 miles west of Fair Garden. The enemy discovering this flank movement too late to oppose it, fell back rapidly. At the same time I ordered Colonels Wolford and Garrard with their commands (except sufficient force to watch the lower fords and to picket the line form Tom Evans' to Jim Newman's on the Flat Creek road, 4 miles from Sevierville) to hold the position occupied by Colonel mcCook's division, to prevent the rebel division of Armstrong form re-enforcing by any of the by-roads leading in the direction of Fair Garden. The enemy, commanded by Generals Martin and Morgan, were now pushed back to the intersection of the by-road taken by Colonel La Grange on our left flank and the main Newport road.

At 4 p. m. Colonel Campbell's brigade charged dismounted, while Colonel La Grange advanced his line to within pistol-shot of the enemy, the enemy using canister at this time, but soon ceased firing and prepared to move his pieces from the filed, when Colonel La Grange, with the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, charged him with the saber at a gallop, capturing about 150 prisoners (including the commanding officers of three regiments), 2 rifled 10-pounder guns, 1 caisson, 1 ambulance, 4 flags, arms and horses, besides many of his wounded, the pursuit being kept up until after dark.

The enemy was on this occasion entirely routed, his men hiding and escaping in every direction. Throwing away their arms and equipments they presented the appearance of a panic-stricken mob as they were running through the mountains, according to the statement of citizens, who reported their passing until late after midnight. In the pursuit Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow encountered the advance of the other rebel division. Firing a volley into it, the direction of the column was changed toward the French Broad River. Colonels Wolford and Garrard arrived at Fair Garden too late to take part int eh pursuit, their commands being completely exhausted from excessive fatigue and want of forage and supplies.

On the morning of the 28th I moved my whole command toward the French Broad River, on the direct road from Fair Garden to Dandridge, with the view of engaging the enemy's cavalry wherever it might be found. Colonel Palmer, commanding the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was ordered to take a plantation road (5 miles from Dandridge) leading to Indian Creek and entering the river road 5 miles above Dandridge. The advance soon discovered the enemy's pickets about 3 1\2 miles from Fain's Island Ford, who were driven to their main line near the creek. Finding that the rebel division of Armstrong and the fragment of the division scattered the previous

