
day had remained on the south side of the river, I immediately ordered Colonel Wolford's division and Colonel La Grange's brigade, of Colonel McCook's division, to the attack. At this moment (4 p. m.) I received information from Colonel Garrard, who was protecting the road in Wolford's and La Grange's rear in connection with Campbell's brigade of Mccook's division, that the enemy was crossing infantry at Fain's Island Ford, and that an officer of his command had watched them wading the stream for more than an hour, estimating the force at three brigades.

The enemy being thus re-enforced and threatening to cut us off by the only road to Fair Garden (he having already advanced in that direction), I moved Colonel Wolford's division forward rapidly on both sides of the river road, supported by Colonel La Grange's brigade. The enemy was here driven from a strong position on a ridge, running at right angles with the river near Indian Creek, and compelling him to fall back behind breat-works and rifle-pits he had constructed. Colonel Wolford succeeded in forcing him from the on our extreme left. The enemy having now re-enforcements tot he extent of three regiments of infantry already engaged, so that he was superior in numbers, besides holding a strong position, and receiving reports that he was also crossing troops at Evans' Ford, 6 miles below Dandridge, and advancing on Cannon's, 3 miles form Sevierville on the Knoxville road, where I had a small force of dismounted men commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, and having already pushed forward another force to within 1 mile of the cross-roads to withdraw his division at dark, to be followed by Colonel La Grange's brigade, Colonel McCook bringing up the rear with Garrard and Campbell, he having opposed the enemy's infantry advance from Fain's Island to the last moment. I then moved my command by the way of Fair Garden, Trotter's Bridge, and Wear's Cove to Maryville, camping one division in Miller's Cove to pickert the country 20 miles east of maryville, there not being sufficient forage for the whole command, which it now became necessary to haul from the bottoms of the Little Tennessee River.

I cannot give our exact loss in these engagements, but do not think it will exceed 100. Among the number killed were many valuable officers, such as Colonel [Major] Lesslie, of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, who fell pierced by a bullet while gallantly leading the charge of a battalion of his regiment. The enemy's loss was very severe, and I do not think will fall short of 400. As soon as the reports of division commanders are received a correct list will be forwarded.

While in Tuckaleechee Cove I received information that the force of Indians and whites commanded by the rebel Thomas (formerly U. S. Indian agent for the Cherokee Nation) was near the forks of Little Tennessee and Tuckaseegee Rivers in North Carolina, who had become a terror to the Union people of East Tennessee and the borders of North Carolina from the atrocities they were daily perpetrating. I ordered Major Davidson with hid regiment (the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry) to pursue this force and to destroy it.

I am just in receipt of dispatches announcing the surprise of the Indians ont eh 2nd instant near Quallatown. The enemy were 250 strong. Of these, 22 Indians and 32 whites were captured, including some officers. It is reported that less than 50 made their escape, the remainder being either killed or wounded, so that this nest of Indians may be considered as entirely destroyed, nearly 200 of them

