
having been killed. In this affair Lieutenant Capron, a gallant young officer of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, was severely and perhaps mortally wounded while charging the enemy. This was an enterprise of great difficultly, thought a rugged, mountainous country destitute of supplies of any kind, and Major Davidson is deserving of great credit for the manner in shish he executed his instructions.

I will avail myself of this occasion to call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that for nearly two months my command has been almost daily engaged with the enemy and compelled to live mainly on parched corn, most of which has been gathered at a distance of from 6 to 15 miles. The weather at times has been intensely cold and the suffering very great, most of them being without shelter of any kind; yet they have fought well and been successful in almost every instance, and have borne their hardships with the fortitude of true soldiers, sustained by a sense of the justice of their cause.

Colonel McCook, colonel La Grange, colonel Campbell, colonel Garrard, Colonel Wolford, Lieutenant-colonel Miner, Lieutenant-colonel Bond, and Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanders of divisions and brigades, and Colonel Palmer, commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, are deserving of great credit for the handsome manner in which they handled their commands, in this last, as well as the many previous actions since I assumed command. There are many officers of less rank whose names should be recorded her for their gallantry, but it would render this report too long and I will have to refer you to the sub-reports, wher justice I hope may be rendered them. I take great pleasure in calling attention of the general commanding to the intelligence, courage, and energy displayed by Captain William C. Rawolle, my aide-de-camp, on this last as well as all previous occasions.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cav. Corps, Dept. Ohio.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, January 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,Commanding Cavalry Corps.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 6 p. m. 27th is received.* The commanding general congratulates you upon your handsome success, and desires you to thank, in his name, colonels McCook, La Grange, and Campbell for their gallantry in the affair. The report of Longstreet moving toward Kentucky had proved to be unfounded. General Garrard sends word that the enemy attacked Tazewell on the morning of the 24th instant whit a force of about 600, but were repulsed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p. 134.

---------------

