
Numbers 3. Reports of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Maryville, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following report of the operations of my division in its engagement whit the enemy near Fair Garden, Tenn., on the 27th ultimo:

The enemy's cavalry, commanded by General Martin, and consisting of two divisions, under Generals John T. Morgan and Armstrong, had on the afternoon of the 26th advanced to a position on the fair Garden road, between Little East and Middle Forks of Pigeon River and west of McNutt's house.

Colonel Campbell's (First) brigade was advanced to near Dickey's house late in the afternoon, the enemy opening upon his line whit artillery. The Second Brigade and battery were in position about dark, but this brigade, with three pieces of artillery, was subsequently retired to a point near sevierville, where it was in communication whit Colonel Wolford, whose division had been engaged on the Flat Creek road.

At daylight of the 27th, Colonel Campbell's brigade, whit two pieces of artillery, advanced from their position across Middle Fork of Pigeon, and charging the enemy's position, which was sa strong one, took it without difficulty. The enemy were now discovered in a strong position east of McNutt's house, occupying a commanding wooded eminence. Colonel Campbell's line, form the paucity of numbers in his brigade, was exceedingly weak, and form the extent of the enemy's line and the nature of his position was necessarily thin and extended. Upon advancing the First Brigade across the Little East Fork of Pigeon the enemy's first line was broken, but they were massed in heavy numbers behind barricaders, and the Second Michigan Cavalry were obliged to fall back across the fork to the timber west of McNutt's. The retiring of the Second Michigan Cavalry necessitated the withdrawal of the entire brigade from the east side of the fork.

Colonel La Grange's (Second) brigade had been sent on the Stafford road to the left of the Fair Garden road and intersecting the latter, about 2 miles form Fair Garden. His advance encountered the enemy's pickets about three-quarters of a mile from the rear of the left flank of Colonel campbell's line and drove them in upon the main body, three regiments of which he discovered in position upon arriving at a point on the Stafford road opposite to and about a mile from the left flank of Colonel Campbell's skirmishers. I now ordered an advance of my entire line, Colonel Campbell's brigade again advancing on the right across the bridge and stream at McNutt's, meeting the enemy in a new position in the timber, about three-quarters of a mile from the stream, where they made a stubborn resistance, opening with artillery. They were steadily driven, however, from the several positions that they attempted to hold, and near Fair Garden became involved in the confusion hat that overtaken their right under the dashing advance of Colonel La Grange upon our left.

