
[CHAP. XLIV.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

Killed and wounded at the battle of Buzzard Roost, near Dalton, on

February 24 and 25, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Aggreg

 rs.	 	 rs.	 	 ate.

Fourth Army Corps	 -	 5	 1	 51	 57

Fourteenth Army Corps	 -	 9	 6	 185	 200

Cavalry	 1	 2	 1	 28	 32

Total*	 1	 16	 8	 264	 289
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report as follows the operations of my command during the month of March:

On the 1st the positions of the different divisions remained nearly as mentioned in my last report, viz: Johnson's division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps (Palmer's), at Tyner's Station, except King's brigade, which was at Graysville; Davis' division, Fourteenth Corps, at Shallow Ford, near Rossville; Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps, at Ringgold; Stanley's division, Fourth Corps (Granger's), at Blue Springs, near Cleveland; the balance of Granger's command being still on duty with Army of the Ohio. Long's brigade of cavalry was at or near Calhoun, picketing toward Columbus and Benton. The Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Colonel T. J. Harrison commanding, was stationed at Leet's farm, on the road leading from Gordon's Mills to Ringgold and La Fayette, covering Baird's right flank. The Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, Major General Joseph Hooker commanding, were guarding the railroad from Nashville to this point.

March 1 General Matthies and his command were ordered to rejoin the Fifteenth Corps at Huntsville, their services being to longer required; Long's brigade of cavalry was ordered to take position at Cleveland; Colonel Innes, with eight companies of the First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, and two regiments of colored troops, ordered to commence the construction of block-houses and other defenses along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, the First Missouri Engineers and Mechanics being detailed for similar duty along the Nashville and Decatur Railroad.

On the 3rd General Gordon Granger, commanding Fourth Army Corps, was directed to send one brigade of his command to Calhoun, with instructions to picket the approaches from Dalton, at Columbus and Benton; Wagner's brigade, of Sheridan's division, accordingly took position at that place; Colonel A. P. Campbell, commanding First Brigade. First Division of Cavalry, having reported the arrival of his command at Calhoun, was ordered on the 4th to proceed to Cleveland, and remain at that place for the present. Major General Gordon Granger sent the following information from Loudon, on the 5th:

---------------

*For loss from February 22 to 27, see p. 421.

---------------

