
our small loss by the rapidity of our movements and the consternation produced by the saber charges.

I do not deem it improper to say that no other forces were engaged in this affair except my division.

I have not mentioned in the body of this report the operations of the artillery, which were important. The Eighteenth Indiana Battery was, by sections, assigned to various positions in the several movements made, and in each the admirable practice of captain Lilly and his subordinates materially aided in dislodging the enemy from his positions and covering our advances. The several regiments and battery did their whole duty, and in a manner worthy of all commendation. The opportunity of the day, however, was presented tot he Second and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, and led by Colonel la Grange, their brigade commander, they gladly availed themselves of it.

To Colonel Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding the First Brigade, I have to tender my thanks for the able manner in which he managed his brigade, weak in numbers, ahead an enemy in his front strongly posted and far exceeding his own. Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanidng the Second Brigade, disposed and maneuvered his command in a masterly manner, and by the effect of his personal example in leading the magnificent charge by which the enemy were finally routed and dispersed, in a great measure accomplished the crowning success of the day.

The several regimental commanders executed all orders and made the several advances with promptitude and precision, and by them and to the discipline, bravery, and determination of their officers and men a signal success over the enemy was obtained.

The various members of he division staff, Captains Pratt, assistant adjutant-general; Porter, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Mitchell, Second Indiana Cavalry,acting aide-de-camp; and Lieutenants Gennett, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, ordnance officer, and Cunningham, Fourth Indianan Cavalry, commanding escort,w ere, aa usual, prompt and efficient in the discharge of their duties, and I have to thank them for the assistance rendered me. I inclose herewith copies of reports of brigade and battery commanders.

I have the honor to be, captain, your very obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel Second Indiana Cavalry; Commanding Division.

Captain WILLIAM C. RAWOLLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Maryville, E. Tenn., February 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit copy of report of Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding the Second Brigade, of engagement near Swann's Island, tenn., on the 28th ultimo.

With the exception of two companies of the Second Michigan Cavalry, who were skirmishing whit the enemy's infantry, who crossed the French Broad River below Swann's Island, no part of the division but the Second Brigade was engaged.

