
I should state that "our men," of which Colonel La Grange speaks in connection ahead the killing of Lieutenant Stover, were not troops of this division.

I am, captain, your very obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry command, D. C.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Maryville, Tenn., february 2, 1864.

E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Cav. Div., Dept. of the cumberland:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Sturgis, commanding cavalry, directs met o inform you that it gives him great pleasure to thank you in the name of Major General J. G. Foster, commanding the department, for your gallantry in the engagement of the 27th instant, when your division scattered and dispersed the rebel cavalry commanded by Major-Generals Martin and Morgan.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, A. A. D. C., U. S. Army, and A. A. A. General

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Archibald P. Cambell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF HE CUMBERLAND, Wear's Cove, Tenn., January 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this brigade in the action of January 27, 1864:

In accordance whit orders from the colonel commanding, I took position on the hills near Dickey's house at daylight [with] the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, dismounted,a nd First Tennessee Cavalry, mounted, the Second Michigan took the center ont he Fair Garden road, the Ninth Pennsylvania on the left and First Tennessee Cavalry on the right of the line, with one company mounted on the left of Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry as flankers. The enemy were in very strong position on the hills beyond, and their lines extended along my whole front. I ordered the Second Michigan to advance to Pigeon River an the Ninth Pennsylvania to advance skirmishers on the left of my line.

The enemy's skirmishers opened fire on the line with small-arms. I ordered the Second Michigan to cross the river and advance, which they did through the valley, and charging the enemy's position on the hills with a yell, supported by a section of Lilly's Eighteenth Indiana Battery, firing over their heads into the enemy's lines. The Ninth Pennsylvania advanced and gained the hills to the left. A section of Captain Lilly's Eighteenth Indiana Battery was then brought forward, and my command lay under cover while he shelled the enemy in position across the East Fork, Pigeon River. I was ordered to advance my brigade at 11 a. m., with instructions that

