
the Seventh kentucky Cavalry would move forward on my right flank and protect it. I ordered the Second Michigan Cavalry forward and across the river at McNutt's Mill in the face of he enemy's fire; also the Ninth Pennsylvania crossed on the left, and First Tennessee advanced tot he river on the right. The Second Michigan Cavalry rushed forward rapidly, charged the enemy with a yell, driving him whit a very inferior force, when the enemy charged both in line and column, repulsing the Second Michigan and driving them back across the river. They charged to the river and driving them back across the river. They charged to the river sand thought the bridge, and drove the First Tennessee back from the river, but were repulsed by the Second Michigan near the bridge and driven. The Ninth pennsylvania advanced on the left, but as the center and right had fallen back, and the enemy formed to charge them hit superior force, they retired to the cover of the woods a short distance.

Soon after I advanced my lines and moved forward rapidly, dismounted, 2 miles without resistance, when I met the enemy's skirmishers and drove them 1 mile, when I was joined by the right flank of the Second Brigade, which was fighting on my left.

I advanced by the right flank under cover of the woods to within easy musket-range of the enemy's artillery, which was strongly supported. I asked Lieutenant Miller, Eighteenth Indiana Battery, if he could get his gun in position there. He answered, "Yes, before the enemy can load." I then order my line to charge the enemy and dislodge him from his position,a nd, whit the assistance of one piece of artillery, compelled him to abandon his position, and he fled in utter confusion, when the fourth Indiana Cavalry charged and captured the enemy's artillery. Lieutenant Miller did the best of execution whit his gun. I then advanced at ad double-quick whit my whole command. The enemy were utterly routed; many prisoners captured. Colonel Brownlow was ordered forward with this regiment (the First Tennessee Cavalry), and charged down the road, taking several prisoners, and, returning, routed and scattered the advance guard of General Armstrong's division.

My thanks are given to officers and men of my command for their gallantry and endurance during the day.

My loss is 20 killed, wounded,a nd missing;* 7 prisoners captured.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Reports of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, Sevierville, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 11 a. m. on the 27th the Second Brigade moved by order on the left-hand road from

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 1 man killed, 17 wounded, and 3 men missing.

---------------

