
Dickey's to Fair Garden. The enemy's picket was met within three-fourths of a mile, and fell back half a mile when a force of three regiments was displayed, which was driven by our skirmishers to the cross-road leading to McNutt's Bridge, where a determined stand was made. A battalion of the Second indiana and one of the First Wisconsin were now sent to make a demonstration on the right of the force opposed to the First Brigade, and attack, if their assistance should be needed or any advantage offer. At this point our artillery was put into position and the enemy now having the advantage in position,a nd the two battalions sent tot he right having returned without engaging, our dismounted men were relieved by a fresh detail. The Second Indiana, two companies of the Fourth, and one of the First Wisconsin advanced cautiously through the woods, and were enabled to deliver a telling fire at short range upon the enemy, whose shots flew high above them.

Our mounted column was discovered by the enemy, who opened upon it with two pieces. Fortunately but one shell of the first discharge exploded, killing 2 horses and wounding 2 men of the Fourth Indiana. Before the discharge could be repeated the column was sheltered in a hollow to the left of the road. The First Brigade was driving a superior force on our right, and as our dismounted men had broken the enemy's extreme right; two companies on our right halted and poured a steady flank fire at half range upon he force opposed to the First Brigade, and the remainder of our dismounted men advanced to within 150 yards of the enemy's battery, which opened a rapid abut ineffective fire of canister upon their shelter in the woods. Six companies of the Fourth Indiana were now ordered up at a gallop, and charged in column of fours. Just as the battery was moving to the rear the supports parted right and left, and our dismounted men rushed forward whit wild cheers.

Finding that the enemy's mounted supports more than doubled our column, and fearing they would close in behind it, the two first companies were sent forward after the battery, and the other four wheeled into line and charged to the left, where the enemy had planted his battle-flag and was seeking to rally his broken lines. In this charge Lieutenant-Colonel [Major] Lesslie lost his life. No nobler solder or truer patriot has fallen in this war. The battery was overtaken, the rivers sobered, and the teams stopped in a deep cut within a quarter of a mile.

Seeing our force so small, a battalion of the enemy formed and advanced to retake the guns. A horse in each wheel team was hot to hinder his moving them, and he had barely time to carry off his wounded when the remaining four companies of the Fourth Indiana arrived and drove him precipitately across the field.

The First Wisconsin now reported a brigade of the enemy advancing on the Dandridge road, and while our lines were reforming that regiment was sent to relieve a battalion of the First Tennessee, which had been cut off by the enemy's column. They charged the enemy in rear, opened the road, and the battalion returned in safety.

