
Our loss was 1 killed, Colonel [Major] Lesslie, and 7 wounded.* Twelve of the enemy's dead,and 10 severely wounded, were left on the field where our brigade fought.

We captured 105 prisoners, including 7 taken by the Seventh Kentucky in the morning, of whom 9 were commissioned officers, besides 2 pieces of artillery (3-inch Rodman's), 1 caisson, an ambulance, and a division battle-flag.

Lieutenants Jackson, of the Fourth, and Hill, of the Second, also Sergeant Winkler, of the Fourth, distinguished themselves in the charge. major Presdee, of the Second, Major Purdy, of the Fourth, and Adjutant Anderson of the Fourth, behaved in a most gallant manner.

The command shares whit myself renewed obligations to Lieutenant D. S. Moulton, acting adjutant, for his gallantry and efficiency.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA. GRANGE,

Colonel Frist Wisconsin, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Seviervile, Tenn., January 29, 1864.

I have the honor to report that at 4 p. m. on the 28th the Second Brigade was ordered to support Colonel Wolford's command, then engaged whit the enemy near Rainwater's house, 2 miles form Fain's Ford.

Finding the enemy had checked his advance, the Fourth Indiana and one company of the Second were dismounted and moved up on our left past Colonel Woford's lines, while the Seventh kentucky was sent in column to our right to flank and if possible to drive the enemy from the strong position he held immediately in Colonel Wolford's front. This regiment advanced in fine order to within 200 yards of the enemy, and was the first to discover the breastworks of logs and rails which were masked by the dense woods, and from which the enemy, and was the first to discover the breastworks of logs and rails which were masked by the dense woods, and form which the enemy poured a destructive fire, remaining himself in comparative security. As soon as the discovery was made our line was halted and a reconnaissance made ont eh enemy's right flank, where a similar beast-work was found.

At this time an order was received to fall back, and the First Wisconsin and Seventh Kentucky covered the retrograde movement. Our loss was 1 killed and 4 wounded.

Lieutenant Stover, of the Second Indiana, was killed within 60 yards of the enemy's breastworks, where he had led his company, and it is believed was shot accidentally by some of our own men in his rear. Thousands of rounds were fired in this skirmish by men who did not see the enemy. The habit of allowing cowards to fire over the heads of their own party from a safe distance in the rear is one of the most reprehensible, and officers who cannot prevent it ought to be shot themselves.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 1 man killed and 7 men wounded.

10 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

---------------

