
Lieutenant Stover had taken part in every engagement of his regiment,a nd had been twice wounded. The entire command lament his loss.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA. GRANGE,

Colonel First Wisconsin, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Eli Lilly, eighteenth Indiana Battery.

HDQRS. 18TH INDIANA BATTERY, 1ST DIVISION CAVALRY, Marysville, Tenn., January 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of January 27, 1864, near Fair Garden, Tenn.:

At daylight of the above day, I took position in the lines of the First Brigade of this division to the right of the Sevierville and Newport road,a nd immediately west of the Middle Fork of pigeon River, with three guns, the opposite bank being occupied by the enemy.

About 8 a. m. the First Brigade advanced, driving the enemy from the stream. In the endeavor to gain the first range of hills east we met whit sharp resistance, when I opened whit shell, and our troops moving under cover of my fire took the ridge, the enemy retreating across the East Fork of Pigeon to the dense timber lying on either side of the Newport road. I now advanced my guns, placing a section under Lieutenant Rippetoe, on the ridge just taken, at a point half a mile east of Hodsden's house, which commanded the open ground, to the timber across East Fork; the other piece, under Lieutenant Miller, quarter of a mile to the right and front of this, covering the bridge at McNutt's Mill, which point had been taken by the Second Michigan Cavalry. I directed the woods to be shelled while the troops crossed the stream to occupy them which was accomplished; but the enemy having massed a heavy force on this road, drove our lines back to the creek, when I gave him canister form the piece at the ridge and shell form the other pieces tot he edge of the woods, preventing his farther progress.

Two guns under Lieutenant Beck, which early in the morning had been sent whit the Second Brigade, now reached a position whit that command to the right-rear of the rebels at McNutt's Mills, and opened a brisk and very accurate fire on their mounted lines, dispersing them in great disorder. Here we received a reply form two rifled guns, which were soon silenced and driven form the ground. During this fire the Second Brigade advanced and took the rebel position, which was near the intersection of the roads, and the enemy at McNutt's Mill, finding their line of retreat threatened, beat a hasty march to keep communication whit their right, followed closely by the First Brigade, with which I also advanced my three pieces, to the open ground within 600 yards of the junction of the roads, near which the

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 1 officer killed and 4 wounded.

---------------

