
enemy had posted his artillery. Seeing the Fourth Indiana Cavalry in column of fours in the road tot he left, ready to charge whit the saber, I brought my guns into position at the gallop to within 500 yards of the rebel battery and opened furiously. They fired a few shots and left the field, when I paid attention to their dismounted lines, which were soon in disorder. The Fourth Indiana now charged, I maintaining a rapid fire across their front until they reached the main road, when I ceased in this direction and worked with two guns to the right over the First Brigade, now going forward at the doublequick. One gun (supported by the First East Tennessee) was moved at he gallop to support the charging party, which had captured two rifled guns. Arriving on the ground, I found our men in undisputed possession and the enemy flying in all directions. The main column on the road presenting a good target, we practiced on it with lively effect till out of range. One shot form my left section killed 1 man, a mule, and 3 horses; a second took off a gun-wheel, and cut in two a sponge-staff in the cannoneer's hands; a third went thought a caisson. From my guns on the right one shot killed 1 and wounded 3 at the rebel guns.

My loss is as follows: Private Samuel Mills, detailed from Fourth Indiana Cavalry, killed by a gunshot wound in the head.

Ammunition expended, 150 rounds.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

ELI LILLY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Army of Ohio.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Ellejoy Creek, E. Tenn., February 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 27th, I was in position near Nichols' house on the road form Cannon's on Little Pigeon, to Tom Evans' Ford and other points on the river above, when I received orders to over by way of Cannon's and Sevierville to Dr. Hodsden's, on the East Fork of Pigeon. Having reached that point, I halted to feed and await orders.

About 9 p. m., in obedience to roaders to move to the front and attack the enemy at daylight in concert ahead Colonel Wolford, I moved to the vicinity of Fair Garden, and went i not camp with Colonel Wolford's command.

During the night I was ordered to delay my movements until the command of Colonel McCook came up within supporting distance. This occurred about 8 a. m., and, in obedience to orders, and under the immediate personal direction of yourself, I moved rapidly to the vicinity of the fords at Fain's and Swann's Islands, just above and below Dandridge. The picket (rebel) at the intersection of the main road near Rainwater's house was driven in, and 1 of them captured by the advance under command of Lieutenant Capron, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry.

No rebel force was found on this side of the river, but both fords were found to be picketed by the enemy. A short time after we

