
reached the fords a movement of rebel infantry was made to both of them at Swann's Island, evidently whit the intention of resisting our attempt to cross. At Fain's Island the character of the movement was entirely different; the force was a large one. It was moved rapidly, and on reaching the river dashed in without hesitation and crossed on to the island and moved toward the other crossing to our side of the river. This was done so quickly that they gained a position on this side before the picket, sent to that ford under Lieutenant Capron, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, could be sufficiently strengthened to prevent it. These facts were reported by me to the general in person. I did not consider that his orders required me to move my command to Fain's Island and enter on the heavy engagement, which the reported strength of the enemy would have caused. A scout sent out ascertained that they had advanced their pickets on this side about 1 mile form the ford. I therefore made use of the discretion left with me by the general, and withdrew my command from the vicinity of the river. I sent one regiment down toward Fain's ford to check their advance while moving my two guns back tot he main road, and, in obedience to my orders, I returned to camp near Fair Gardern. I moved 2 miles toward Sevierville, owing tot he report sent to the general by Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, commanding at Cannon's, which had come into my hands on its way to him, that the enemy were crossing at the lower fords and threatening Cannon's and Sevierville.

About 11 p. m. I received orders that my command would remain in camp until morning and would form the rear guard. I remained in camp until 9 a. m., when I moved to Rotter's Bridge, on the West Fork of Pigeon. I reached that point just after the column, moving by the other road, had passed. I went into camp in Little Cove.

The next morning I moved out at a late hour and marched about 8 miles through Wear's Cove, into Tuckaleeche Cove, and camped until next day. At this point, in obedience to the general's order, I detached the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, under Major Davidson, on an expedition over the mountains into North Carolina, against the Indians and rebels in camp near the Forks of the Tuckaseegee and Little Tennessee Rivers. From there I moved into Miller's Cove, and finally to this point, just outside of the Chilhowee range of mountains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Division.

Captain RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Major Edward G. Savage, Ninth Pennsylvania calvary.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, January 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 27th instant, at 5.30, the regiment formed line in front of camp at daylight, ordered to form a line of battle on the ground occupied the previous afternoon. The regiment marched out of camp tot he ground, and dismounted the men. horses were sent back to the camp. The line

