
of skirmish being formed, whit Second Michigan on the right, advanced to a corn-field, and, passing thought,took a position near the east branch of Pigeon Creek, when we met the enemy's pickets and skirmished a short time whit them, charging the hill they occupied and drove them from their position; here the line halted until reenforcements arrived. Colonel La Grange taking position on the left of the regiment at 12 m., the line of skirmishers was ordered to move forward. Second Michigan and a portion of this regiment, under command of Major Kimmel, advanced, charging across an open field to a wood. Here that portion of the command halted (the enemy being in strong force in the woods) and received a cross-fire from the Second Michigan Calvary, the charge being made before I could form a junction whit Major Kimmel. As soon as I moved whit the Third Battalion a new line was formed, when we advanced to and through the woods, driving the enemy across a branch of Pigeon Creek to Fair Garden. Here the skirmishers withdrew form the woods to the road, marching in column a distance of nearly 2 miles, and coming up whit the enemy I deployed to the left, passing through the woods to an open field, where the enemy opened whit artillery, shelling the open ground and woods occupied by our skirmishers. The line now advanced, driving the enemy and capturing their artillery. The regiment, during the engagement, was dismounted from daylight until dark.

The casualties during the engagement were 3 wounded, viz: Private Michael Smith, Company A, wounded in the hip; Private Sam. Low, Company M, wounded in wrist; Private Oliver B. Ball, Company M, slightly wounded in the face, caused by fragment of a shell.

The line of skirmishers of the Second Michigan had been moved by the right flank across the Fair Gardern [road] before I received orders to move. The horses coming up at dark, the regiment was mounted and marched back tot he woods near McNutt's house and encamped.

At 7 a. m., January 28, regiment marched out on road running to Newport, a distance of about 5 miles, turning tot he left, taking the road leading to Evans' Ford. When about 2 miles from the ford the regiment formed line of battle across the road, remaining in line a short time. Company C sent out as picket on road to Wilson's Ford. Companies A, E, and K sent out to re-enforce Company C. At dusk regiment ordered back to guard roads until pack-mules, &amp;c., had passed out. Called in two companies Second Michigan Cavalry and battalion of the regiment. Marched back to camp near McNutt's house, arriving there about 3 a. m. January 29.

Respectfully reported.

E. G. SAVAGE,

Major, Commanding Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant EDWIN HOYT, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9.

Reports of Lieutenant General james Longstreet, C. S. Army.

MORRISTOWN, January 29, 1864.

General Martin had a severe cavalry fight on the 27th. He was driven back 4 miles, whit a loss of 200 killed, wounded, and miss-

