
ing, and 2 pieces of artillery. The enemy's cavalry has been greatly increased by the cavalry form Chattanooga. Most of the cavalry force from that place is now here. The men, about half that should be in our regiments here, are, I understand, in the camps about Dalton. I hope they may be sent here, or there sent there. We can do but little while this superior cavalry force is here to operate on our flank and rear. Do send me a chief of cavalry.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MORRISTOWN, February 1, 1864.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Armstron's cavalry had a successful fight whit the enemy's cavalry on the south side of the French Broad on the 28th. The enemy retreated during the night and the following day and is now at Maryville. Our forces occupy Sevierville. The enemy abandoned Tazewell on the 26th ultimo. Major Day took possession ont eh next day, and got 8 wagons without teams and some artillery ammunition.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER.

JANUARY 27, 1864.-Skirmish near Knoxville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Marshal W. Chapin, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin P. Estes, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Major william W. wheeler, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Marshal W. Chapin, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTY-THIRD A. C., Knoxville, Tenn., January 28, 1864.

SIR: Inclosed I forward you the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Estes, Thirteenth kentucky Volunteer Infantry, and Major Wheeler, of the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, of an attack made on our picket-line between he hours of 2 and 3 p. m. yesterday. I have the honor also to report that I received information of the attack at 3.10 p. m. yesterday. Immediately ordered the two regiments of my brigade at this point (One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry) to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's

