
corporal and 4 privates, who are still in the enemy's hands. My reserves on the right and center were compelled to fall back; that on the right, resting between the Strawberry Plains and Miller roads, was driven within 200 yards of my camp.

In consequence of my isolated position, the like circumstance will occur so often as the enemy see proper to make an attack, unless cavalry patrols are sent out in my front on these roads to defect the advances of the enemy and warn me of their approach.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. ESTES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 13th Kentucky Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant C. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major William W. Wheller, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Camp Pratt, January 28, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the picket of my regiment, stationed on the Strawberry Plains road, was attacked yesterday p. m. (27th) at nearly 2 o'clock by a cavalry force of the enemy, numbering between 150 and 200 men, and driving in with a loss of 1 man mortally wounded and 1 corporal and 5 men prisoners. The enemy was enabled, through cover of woods, to form line of attack very near to our advance sentinels without observation.

Four of the 6 prisoners lost by us were on post as sentinels, and as often as the enemy attacks so often shall we lose the greater portion of our sentinels, unless mounted men may patrol the roads to points beyond the view of infantry sentinels and patrols. A large force of the enemy, probably 400 or 500 men, was held in his reserve. Many of the enemy were carried back on the saddles of their comrades.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WHEELER,

Major, Commanding.

[Colonel M. W. CHAPIN.]

JANUARY 27, 1864.- Affair on the Cumberland River, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army.

LEBANON, KY.,

January 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Scouts sent to Cumberland River attacked Guerrilla Richardson, killed 2 of his men, charged them 5 miles, and scattered them in very direction; compelled them to abandon their goods. The probability is that a number of Richardson's men will be captured.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

