
Cavalry. They had not gone more than 5 miles from the camp when they encountered a body of rebels variously estimated from 300 to 1,000. A lively skirmish ensued. Our men were driven back, but in good order, to within about 3 miles of the camp, when the re-enforcements I sent forward reached them and checked the rebel advance and maintained their ground, fighting until dark set in.

The skirmish commenced about 10 a. m., but I did not hear of it until about 4, although Lieutenant Chapman. commanding scout, promptly dispatched me to two couriers, who from some cause or other failed to reach me.

Our loss is 2 killed and 5 or 6 wounded. Among the latter was Captain Newport, Company E, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry, in the groin. I fear the wounded will prove mortal.

From all the information I can gather to-day from scouts and citizens, there was a considerable force of the enemy hovering around me in the front and right last night. The roads indicate that they were traveled. The farm fencing was torn down, and corn taken from the fields, &amp;c., which citizens say was done last night.

I consider my position up here rather hazardous unless the Iron-Works road to my right is well guarded and scouted. I respectfully ask you, if you have the mounted force, to guard me from that quarter.

Colonel Davis, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry, reports the loss of the enemy heavier, if anything, than ours.

Write me by return courier and give me any instructions you may think necessary. I shall feel the enemy to-morrow and try and find out his number and intentions.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Cavalry Corps.

[Brigadier General T. T. GARRARD.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH,Cumberland Gap, Tenn., January 29, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER:

GENERAL: The above dispatch (this is a copy) I received lost night at 12 m. I shall report on the subject hereafter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. T. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of the Clinch.

CLOUD'S HOUSE,

January 29, 1864 - 10 a. m.

GENERAL: I am skirmishing with the enemy. They are in force in front advancing in two columns, one of infantry about 4,000 strong, and a force of 3,000 advancing on my right down the Iron-Works road.

I have started my trains back and will fall back slowly. I would like to have support of at least one regiment at the forks of the road.

I expect to come there to-night.

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Brigadier General T. T. GARRARD.]

