
ROBERT ELY'S HOUSE,

January 29, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have fallen back 5 miles from Ball's Bridge, skirmishing nearly all the way with the enemy. I am now in line of battle with the cavalry. The dismounted men are at McPherson's at the stone house. My train is all safe inside your picket-lines. The enemy is still advancing in force with artillery and wagon trains; it is so reported to me by the skirmishers in front. They advance in two columns, about two regiments of cavalry and three of infantry; infantry on the flank and cavalry in the center. Their line of skirmishers (infantry) number 2 to 1 of my cavalry.

This is no sensation dispatch, but true. Officers commanding the mounted force so report.

I shall remain where I am, unless driven from it, until night, and then fall back and camp at Weinman's Mill.

I fear a flank movement on the Iron-Works road, as they are reported moving by the flank in that direction. I would have made a stand at the bridge, but a citizens scout reported 1,200 cavalry on that road, and I through it prudent to fall back this far to secure my train and rear.

I have had 1 man killed to-day, and Captain Newport, who was wounded yesterday, died about one hour ago.

S. P. LOVE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Corps.

[Brigadier General T. T. GARRARD.]

JANUARY 28-February 8, 1864.- Expedition from Gallatin to Cumberland Mountains, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Henry K. McConnell, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Thomas, Tenn., February 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the expedition from January 28 to February 7, 1864, to the Cumberland Mountains:

As the forces were under command of yourself in person until we passed Carthage, it is not necessary for me to say anything until from that point.

In obedience to your orders, I crossed the Cumberland River at the mouth of Caney Fork River, on the morning of the 30th January, with the detachment of the Seventy-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the battalion of Tennessee troops, under command of Major Garrett, and pushed directly to Flynn's Lick, the Seventy-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry going directly up the Cumberland and the Tennessee troops by the way of Chestnut Mound, with orders to concentrate at Flynn's Lick at 10 a. m. of the 31st.

In our advance on this place we had numerous running skirmishes with detached squads of Hamilton's marauders, killing and capturing about 20. We found Flynn's Lick occupied by Hamilton with about 40 men, who ran upon sight of our advance. Learning from citizens that Hamilton had said he would fight us at that place, I selected 30 men, and leaving the balance of the command 2 miles

