
out, I went into Flynn's Lick in some hope that with this small force he might risk an engagement, but he dashed wavy as soon as we came in full view. At this point we awaited orders from you.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, as per your orders, I started in pursuit of Hamilton and Hughs, who were in the direction of Livingston, Tenn. I followed until the 5th instant, which found us at Old Miner's. There I separated the detachments, and gave orders to sweep the country between the road on which we had come and the Cumberland River back to Flynn's Lick. While at Livingston I received a communication from Colonel Stokes, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, in which he informed me that he would move from Cookville up the Calfkiller River to Sparta, and cover that country. The net results, so far as I have received valid information, are 102 prisoners, 33 killed, 8 wounded, making a total loss of 143 to the horde of rebbers that infest that country.

Finding Old Columbus, 3 miles above Gainesborough and between the Cumberland and Roaring Rivers, to be the veriest den of thieves and murderers, I removed the women and children and burned it. I have no means of knowing the number of mules and horses taken. It was considerable, but the quality and condition of the stock was so inferior that its only importance to us was to get them out of the hands of the enemy.

I have the honor to respectfully suggest that the country between Carthage and the Cumberland Mountains through which we passed is bordering upon famine. Families without regard to politics are eaten out and plundered by those common enemies of making (rangers) until even those formerly wealthy are utterly reduced, and many of the poorer are now actually starving. The people are sick of their folly and of the evil they have contracted and brought t upon themselves. They are asking for counsel. They are anxious to have such gentleman as Honorable Mr. Campbell and Mr. Stokes (I use these names because they used them), to whom they formerly listened, but whose counsels they learned to despise, to come and directly them, make speeches to them and form a nucleus around which they may gather. In Jackson, Fentress, and Overton Counties rebels go to Glasgow and other towns in Kentucky, where they purchase goods, contraband and otherwise, using but little restraint. We completely broke up for the time being the bands of Hughs, Hamilton, and Doherty.

I have the honor to be obedient servant,

H. K. McCONNELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Post.

JANUARY 29, 1864.- Firing on steamer Sir William Wallace, Mississippi River.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Vicksburg, Miss., February 1, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this place. During the passage and when abreast of

