
Sixth. Captured on the 7th day of February, 1864, off J. A. Watcon's plantation, 2 mules, 220 bales of cotton, 63 of which was claimed by negro servants.

Seventh. Captured on the 8th day of February, 1864, off William Watson's plantation, 6 mules.

Eighth. Captured on the 9th day of February, 1864, off the Gibson plantation, 4 mules; same date, off T. Holmes' plantation, 6 mules.

Ninth. Captured on the 11th day of February, 1864, off A. J. Gibson's plantation, 2 mules, 1 brown horse, and 2 double-barrel shot-guns.

Tenth. Captured on the 12th day of February, 1864, off E. H. Cole's plantation, 1 horse and 1 small mule; also 1 small rifle.

Eleventh. Captured on the 13th day of February, 1864 (after skirmishing with 15 of the enemy), 1 prisoner, and acting assistant adjutant-general of Colonel Harrison's command, and 1 horse belonging to the same.

Twelfth. Captured at different times from refugee negro recruits 25 mules. Captured on the 7th day of February, 1864. off Gibson's plantation, 39 head of beef-cattle.

REMARKS.

First. As regards Mr. Bowman's case, who is a right-hand man of the rebel Colonel Harrison, the gold and silver was found in a small box in the garret with the U. S. mail in the same box, having muslin sewed around it; also, 6 new mess chests, found on same place. Said gold and silver was deposited on board gun-boat Numbers 9, to await General McArthur's orders. The said Bowman has been in the habit of leaving his house every day for some time, and returning home late at night, and therefore have every evidence of his being a leading guerrilla.

Second. The other property belonged to parties not having protection papers of any kind, and believe them to be rank rebels. Third. Twenty-nine head of the mules was shipped on or about the 3rd day of february, 1864, and turned over to the quartermaster at this point.

Fourth. The cattle and all of the mules and horse, with the exception of those which were in use on the day of the engagement (13th February), were either turned lose by some party not as yet satisfactorily proven, or broke away from their confinement.

Fifth. On February 13, learning that the rebels had crossed Tensas River and advancing on me, evidently for the purpose of crossing some 1,500 head of cattle over to the Mississippi shore, while a portion of their troops would engage me, I immediately sent out a mounted party of 28 men, in change of Lieutenant Keislar, of the Eleventh Louisiana Volunteers, African descent, and William L. Jarvis, of the Seventy-second Illinois, to make a reconnaissance. When about 8 miles back they were fired on by rebel pickets, among whom 3 citizens were recognized, 2 of whom (Watson and Weast) had taken the oath of allegiance. My scouts drove them back, capturing several prisoners, when some 300 rebel cavalry suddenly dashed upon them. My scouts retreated in good order for camp. When within 2 miles of camp the cavalry overtook my troops, and a hand-to-hand fight ensued. Our loss was 11 killed, the (rebels) enemy losing 15. A re-enforcement was sent out by me of two companies of infantry and one piece of artillery. The enemy immediately fell

