
back. They again attacked the town on the morning of the 14th and 15th, but were repulsed. On Monday, 22nd February, 1864, the rebels again recrossed the Tensas River with two regiments of cavalry, two of infantry, and six pieces of artillery. On Tuesday morning, the 23rd, they were to charge on Waterproof, the artillery engaging the gun-boat while the cavalry and infantry were to charge on my fortifications. having sent a spy within their lines and found their forces and intentions, I withdrew my forces in good order at 12 o'clock Monday night, at the suggestion of Captain Johnson of gun-boat Numbers 9.

After arriving at this place I gave notice to General McArthur and received orders to send the troops to their respective commands, and turn over the captured property to captain Finkler, assistant quartermaster, and ordnance to lieutenant Chaffee, ordnance officer; all of which was done and receipts taken.

I would recommend to your favorable notice William Northedge, late colonel of the Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, who rendered valuable service throughout the whole campaign.

I am, captain, your humble servant,

J. M. ANDERSON,

Captain Eightieth Ohio, Commanding Expedition.

Captain S. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 31-FEBRUARY 7, 1864.- Expedition from Maryville, Tenn., to Quallatown, N. C.

Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, February 7, 1864.

I have the honor to report that an expedition against Colonel Thomas and his band of Indians and whites at Quallatown has returned completely successful. They surprised the town, killed and wounded 215, took 50 prisoners, and dispersed the remainder of the gang in the mountains. Our loss, 2 killed and 6 wounded.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

FEBRUARY 1, 1864.- Expedition from Knoxville to Flat Creek, tenn.

Report of Colonel John R. Bond, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,February 2, 1864.

SIR: On the morning of the 1st of february I was directed by Colonel Chapin, commanding brigade, to take command of an expedition toward Strawberry Plains, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 12, from division headquarters.

