
[CHAP. XLIV.

of General Dodge. In a second dispatch General Dodge said his troops struck the enemy 3 miles south of Moulton, and after a sharp fight fell back with a loss of 4 killed and 10 wounded, the enemy following for a distance of 14 miles. A number of the enemy were killed and wounded, and our force took several prisoners, among them a captain of artillery belonging to Forrest's command. Information from various sources went to show a concentration of a heavy force of cavalry in Northern Alabama, parties of rebels showing themselves in the vicinity of Caperton's Ferry on the south side of the Tennessee, and extending nearly as far west as Tuscumbia.

Colonel William B. Stokes, commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, reports on the 29th from Sparta, Tenn., the operations of his command against the guerrillas in that vicinity, having had several engagements with them in the space of a fortnight, in which he succeeded in completely routing and scattering them, killing and wounding a number, among them two of their most active leaders, Bledsoe and Champ Ferguson.

The organization of colored troops within my command is progressing rapidly and satisfactorily. There are now on duty six fully organized regiments, with an aggregate force of 4,000 men, and three more regiments of infantry organizing, besides a battery of light artillery.

The following named regiments, &amp;c., have reorganized as veteran volunteers during the month of March, 1864:

Infantry: Tenth Michigan, Thirty-sixth Ohio, Sixty-first Ohio, Sixty-ninth Ohio, Sixtieth Illinois, Thirty-eighth Illinois, Twenty-first Illinois.

Mounted infantry: Twenty-eighth Kentucky.

Cavalry: Second Kentucky.

Artillery: Battery G, First Missouri, Eighth Wisconsin Battery. Detachments: Third Wisconsin Battery; Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry; three companies Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry; five companies Thirtieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry; five companies Eighth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; detachment Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Companies F and K, Fortieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Total: Seven regiments of infantry, one regiment of mounted infantry, one regiment of cavalry, two batteries of artillery, and seven detachments of all arms.

There had returned to the army from furlough up to March 31 thirty-three regiments of infantry, five of cavalry, and ten batteries of artillery, with 5,429 recruits, a list of which is annexed,marked A.*

I have the honor to forward, herewith, the monthly return for March of prisoners, &c., from Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, provost-marshal-general, and a statement of the number of rations issued to destitute citizens during March, from Lieutenant Colonel A. P. Porter, chief commissary of subsistence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

