
At 8.30 a. m. the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the One hundred and seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry moved from camp, proceeding up the track of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad to the picket-line of the Thirteenth Kentucky and Twenty-third Michigan, where a halt was ordered for a short time, allowing the Twenty-third Michigan to move from camp and join the column.

I then threw out skirmishers in front, and proceeded to within 5 miles of Flat Creek, at a point on the railroad where the wagon road diverges from the track, where I ordered Major Wheeler, of the Twenty-third Michigan, to detach a portion of his regiment, ordering them to move up the wagon road on a parallel line with the head of the main column, rejoining us at Flag Creek bridge.

We arrived at the bridge at 2 p. m., when I sent Company F, Captain Hill, and Company H, Captain Smith, of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on a scout in the direction of Strawberry Plains.

At 4 p. m. the scouting party returned, reporting that they had proceeded to within 2 miles of the plains, seeing no enemy, and from the best information which they could obtain there was no considerable force of the enemy at or near the plains, only 3 of the enemy being reported at that place.

At 4 p. m., having loaded the train and accomplished the object of the expedition, the column commenced the march in return, and at 10 p. m. went into camp near Knoxville.

All of the foregoing report is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. R. BOND,

Colonel One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 1-2, 1864.- Reconnaissance from Amruville toward Sevierville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Samuel Beatty, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Samuel Beatty, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Maryville, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnaissance made under my direction, to wit:

At 2 a. m., february 1, instant, I received orders from Brigadier-General Willich, commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, to take two regiments of my brigade, and with two regiments of cavalry and a section of artillery which were to report to me, to make a reconnaissance toward Sevierville to ascertain the where-abouts of the enemy. At 8 o'clock Lieutenant White, commanding

