
section of Bridge's Battery, Illinois Volunteers, reported to me, and I marched to Little River, on the main from Maryville to Sevierville, where I awaited the cavalry. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Brownlow reported to me at 2 p. m., in command of the First Regiment Tennessee Cavalry and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, and I ordered the command to cross, and the advance of the cavalry to march to Trundle's Cross-Roads and half for the night. I halted the infantry at McGloskey's in bivouac.

At down this morning I ordered the command to advance. Colonel Brownlow, commanding the cavalry, was ordered to advance to discovered certainly the position of the enemy. At 8.30 o'clock I received the information from Colonel Brownlow that the enemy, consisting of one corps of cavalry, under General Martin (two divisions, commanded respectively by General Armstrong and Morgan), and three brigades of infantry, under General Johnson, were fortifying in the fork of the French Broad and Pigeon Rivers, 2 1/2 miles west from Sevierville and about 14 miles southwest from Dandridge. The object of the reconnaissance being accomplished, I ordered the command to return to camp at maryville, where I arrived at 4 p. m.

We had no casualties in the command.

Respectfully refereeing to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. BEATTY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Maryville, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my command from January 31 to February 3, 1864:

On the 1st of February, in accordance with orders from headquarters First Division Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, I reported with the First Tennessee Cavalry and Fourth Indiana, Major Purdy commanding, to Brigadier-General Beatty, commanding detachment, who ordered me to advance as far as Trundle's Cross-Roads, 16 miles from Maryville, and encamped for the night, with orders to move in the direction of Sevierville next morning at 5.30 o'clock.

I moved promptly, in obedience to orders, as far as Boyd's Creek, within 8 miles of Sevierville, where I ascertained that the enemy (one corps of cavalry under General Martin, comprising Armstrong's and morgan's divisions, and three brigades of infantry under General Johnson) were fortifying in the fork of French Broad and Pigeon Rivers, 2 1/2 miles west of Sevierville and 14 miles southwest of Danridge. After satisfying myself perfectly that the information was reliable, I turned to camp at this place without any loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. BROWNLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

11 R R - VOL XXXII, PT I

