
rid the country of them. I will add that the scout, under Colonel McConnell, killed 23 and captured 40 men. From the best information I can obtain, the rebel force, when concentrated, will number 500 or 600 men, finely mounted but poorly armed.

I am, captain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

W. B. STOKES,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.- Skirmish near La Grande, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John McGuirk, Third Mississippi Cavalry.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

(Via Waterford, 3rd.)

Yesterday at 11 a. m., when I was about starting for Moscow, my scouts reported the enemy in force at Junction. I went with my command to the edge of the place and offered them battle, which they declined, and remained in the fort. They were confined closely in the fort. I did not allow them to picket outside. At dark retired with my regiment and went into the fortifications at La Grande, where I remained until sunrise this morning, when I moved out, being exhausted and horses without forage twenty-four hours. I was, on this account only, compelled to abandon the town and move to forage my command. After I had left the place they attacked my rear guard and harassed me in such manner that I was compelled to cross the river south, which I did at a blind ford, near Ammon's Bridge. My command was diminished on account of the broken-down horses; those I sent to the rear with prisoners yesterday. I will move to my wagons and report my locality as soon as taken. Report states that the party that assailed my rear was commanded by Major Smith, and numbered 1,500, being detachments from several regiments brought from Denmark and other places in Tennessee. They are coming from Memphis, and could be cut off east of Collierville. They would not attack me in line. I could not maneuver on account of exhaustion.

JNO. McGUIRK,

Colonel, Commanding Third Mississippi Cavalry.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.- Operations about Whitesburg, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry.

WHITESBURG, ALA.,

February 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from general Smith, I have the honor to state that all is quiet at this point of the Tennessee River. There has been some skirmishing, which only operated to stop working on our hour. No damage has been

