
done to our men, and I presume none has been done to the rebels. We have constructed two boats, which, if properly pitched or tarred, would carry easily 12 to 15 men each. We have succeeded in securing and destroying a fine large dug-out belonging to the rebels. There is a ferry-boat on the river below. It crossed at no particular point, but whenever opportunity offers. I have had men concealed on the bank to secure the boat two nights. It did not cross the first night, and I have not yet had a report from the parties I sent out last night. The boat is some 5 miles here. We have thrown up little rifle-pits on this side, which are of no consequence except the appearance of covering our crossing at this place. I send by the bearer to-day for two days' more rations. The guards report to me that they have reason to believe that re-enforcements came to the rebels opposite night before last. I mention this to show that perhaps our expedition has in such degree proved successful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Fourth Minnesota, Commanding Expedition.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Meheway reported captured on the other side of the river, and Arnold, if they should get him, should be safely guarded.

FEBRUARY 3-MARCH 6, 1864.- The Meridian, Miss., Expedition and co-operating expeditions from Memphis, Tenn., and up the Yazoo River.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Feb. 3, 1864.- General Sherman's column advances from 					Vicksburg.

Action at Liverpool Heights, Yazoo River.

4, 1864.- Skirmish opposite Liverpool Heights.

Skirmish at Champion's Hill.

Skirmish at Queen's Hill.

Skirmish at Edwards' Ferry.

Skirmish near Bolton Depot.

5, 1864.- Skirmish on Baker's Creek.

Skirmish at Clinton.

Skirmish at Jackson.

6, 1864.- Skirmish at Hillsborough.

6-18, 1864.- Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., to Wyatt, 				Miss.

7, 1864.- Skirmish at Brandon.

Skirmish at Morton.

Skirmish at Satartia.

8, 1864.- Affair at Coldwater Ferry.

Skirmish near Morton.

8-9, 1864.- Skirmishes at and near Senatobia.

9-March.6 1864.- Yazoo City occupied by the Union Forces.

10, 1864.- Skirmish at Hillsborough.

Skirmish at Morton.

11, 1864.- General W. Sooy Smith's column advances from 	Collierville, Tenn. Affair at Raiford' 		Plantation, near Byhalia.

