
Numbers 5.- Itinerary of the First Division, Brigadier General James M. Tuttle, U. S. Army, commanding, february 1-27.

Numbers 6.- Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of Expedition from Memphis to Wyatt, with itinerary of the brigade, February 6-18.

Numbers 7.- Return of Casualties in the Third Division, Brigadier General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding, February 3-March 4.

Numbers 8.- Itinerary of the First Brigade, Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding, February 2-27.

Numbers 9.- Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding, February 3-March 4.

Numbers 10.- Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 11.- Colonel Milton Montgomery, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 12.- Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah M. Rusk, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 13.- Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Colonel James H. Howe, Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry, commanding, February 3- March 31.

Numbers 14.- Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, commanding Seventeenth Army corps, of expedition to Meridian and operations on Yazoo River, with itinerary of the corps, February 3-March 18.

Numbers 15.- Captain Andrew Hickenlooper, fifth Ohio Battery, Chief Engineer, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 16.- Captain Lucius M. Rose, Chief Acting Signal Officer, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 17.- Brigadier General Alexander Chambers, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 18.- Colonel William Hall, Eleventh Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 19.- Colonel William W. Belknap, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 20.- Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, Sixteenth Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 21.- Brigadier General Mortimer D. Leggett, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of expedition to Meridian, with itinerary of the division.

Numbers 22.- Brigadier General Manning F. Force, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 23.- Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Bradley, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 24.- Major Harry Almon, Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 25.- Major John O. Duer, Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 26.- Lieutenant Colonel John H. Howe, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 27.- Brigadier General Marceullus M. Crocker, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 28.- Lieutenant William C. B. Gillespie, Forty-first Illinois Infantry, quartermaster First Brigade, of operations February 26-28.

Numbers 29.- Captain John Potter, Fifty-third Illinois Infantry, of skirmishes on Pearl River.

Numbers 30.- Major George W. Crosley, Third Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

Numbers 31.- Colonel Jonathan B. Moore, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.

