
To each general division and brigade headquarters one wagon. All other vehicles will constitute a general train under escort of one regiment to a division and one battery, to be designated by General McPherson.

II. The army, thus relieved of baggage, will further be reduced by all men who are sick and unable to march, who will remain with the wagon train, and will march the next morning early, each regiment followed by its own wagons and ambulances, and colonels of regiments will see that the wagons are helped through bad places in the road. Each man must carry a full proportion of ammunition and provisions for five days (three days' full rations).

III. The wagons and escorts thus detached will follow behind the army as far as Chunky River, and there await further orders. the army itself will move by Decatur directly on Meridian, and General McPherson will send one regiment of his corps from Decatur on the railroad, with instructions to keep abreast of him, and in its progress to destroy bridges, culverts, and track of the railroad at the rate of about 12 miles a day.

IV. The cavalry and mounted officers will carry on their horses the necessary blankets and provisions for the ride, and trust to the country for forage.

V. Captain Hickenlooper, of General McPherson's staff, will organize a strong pioneer and working party, and keep close up to the cavalry advance, repairing bridges and roads, so as to expedite our march.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 17. Meridian, Miss., February 14, 1864.

I. The destruction of the railroads intersecting at Meridian is of great importance, and should be done most effectually. Every tie and rail of iron for many miles in each direction should be absolutely destroyed or injured, and every bridge and culvert completely destroyed. To insure this end, to General Hurlbut is intrusted the destructions east and north, and to General McPherson the roads west and south. The troops should be impressed with the importance of this work, and also that time is material, and therefore it should be begun at once and prosecuted with all the energy possible. Working parties should be composed of about one-half of the commands, and they should move by regiments, provided with their haversacks and arms, ready to repel attacks of cavalry. the other half, in reserve, will be able to watch the enemy now retreating eastward.

II. Colonel Winslow, commanding cavalry, will keep his cavalry in advance of the party working eastward, and act as though this army was slowly pursuing the enemy.

III. Special instructions will be given as to the general supply train, and the troops now in Meridian will by proper brigade parties collect meal, meat, and supplies. the destruction of buildings must be deferred until the last moment, when a special detail will be made for that purpose.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

