
and Tuttle's brigade with the Sixteenth Corps. To produce the equality, this train will come out by Edwards' Depot, Queen's Hill Church, Brownsville, and Livingston.

IV. General Hurlbut will cause a section of about 10 miles of the Mississippi Central Railroad north of and including the bridge over Big Black to be effectually destroyed, and General McPherson will cause a similar break at and south of Canton. General McPherson will also cause the locomotives and cars to be utterly destroyed with powder if necessary.

V. Colonel Winslow will detail a regiment entitled to furlough by reason of re-enlistment to report to the general commanding at 7 a. m. to-morrow, without wagons and with two days' rations, to escort him to big Black bridge.

VI. Lieutenant Vernay,acting aide-de-camp to Major General J. B. McPherson, will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., as bearer of special verbal instructions,and await the arrival of the general-in-chief.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 14.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 22. Vicksburg, February 28, 1864.

I. The enemy in the field, now at Canton, will remain there till about March 3 to hear from and assist, if necessary, the cavalry expedition under command of Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, which should have left Memphis February 2 at furthest, but did not until about the 11th. If heard from, General McPherson with his corps will await his arrival, or till he can communicate with him, and order General Smith to the vicinity of Big Black bridge to await fuhrer orders, or to act offensively should a cavalry force of the enemy appear this side of Peral River.

II. General Hurlbut will, about March 3, move his command across Big Black at or near Moore's Bluff, and come to Vicksburg prepared to embark for Red River about March 7 next.

III. Should General McPherson hear of the safety of the cavalry command referred to, or hear no tidings at all of it on or before the 3rd next, he also will move down the peninsula between Pearl River and Big Black to the bridge at Messinger's, or at the railroad bridge, and resume his former command at Vicksburg and district.

IV. The chief quartermaster of the department will collect a number of steam-boats suitable for the Red River of a capacity to transport 10,000 men, with artillery, ordnance, and subsistence stores for thirty days' operations, to be ready at Vicksburg by March 7.

V. The commissary of subsistence at Vicksburg place at Haynes' Bluff three days' rations for General Hurlbut's command of 10,000 men, to be drawn by him on his way down, and the same for General McPherson's command at the Big Black bridge.

VI. The ordnance officer will be prepared to skip on board steam-boats, at the date before named, the mortars and 30-pounder Parrotts with all their ammunition on hand, and also a supply of musket ammunition equal to 200 rounds per man for 10,000 men.

