
boats he might find, except such as Major-General McPherson, commanding Army of the Tennessee, should need, and the boats at Decatur or Larkin's Ferry, which will be the only points at which communication across the river will be permitted, notifying the inhabitants of the same.

April 11 the cavalry command of the army was reorganized, forming four divisions, of three brigades each, averaging three regiments to a brigade.

Brigadier-General Geary returned to Bridgeport on the 15th, reporting the result of his expedition down the Tennessee to be that he proceeded as far as Triana, Ala., where he came upon the enemy in heavy force on both sides of the river; that deeming it advisable to proceed no farther, General Geray returned, having destroyed a considerable number of boats both going and coming.

Information gained from deserters and others estimate the strength of the rebel army at Dalton to be 45,000 infantry and about 12,000 cavalry. The enemy has two brigades of cavalry at Tunnel Hill, watching our movements at Ringgold and the gaps through Taylor's Ridge, and one brigade on the road leading from Dalton to Cleveland, picketing the approaches from that direction.

The Fourth Army Corps, Major General O. O. Howard commanding, having been relieved from duty with the Army of the Ohio, was concentrated at Cleveland on the 22nd, and camped at that place and vicinity. The First Division of Cavalry, Colonel Edward M. McCook commanding, was still at that point picketing and patrolling the country.

Frequent skirmishes have taken place during the mont all along our front, between our own and the enemy's cavalry. In quite a sharp little affair near Leet's farm, on the 23rd, we lost 5 killed and 10 wounded, besides 1 officer and 12 men taken prisoners; the enemy having had an overwhelming force, succeeded in gaining our rear. A scout, who left Dalton on the 16th, reports that two divisions from Hardee's corps were to be sent to re-enforce Lee in Virginia; this force to be replaced by Loring's division from Mississippi. This man passed through the enemy's defenses at Buzzard Roost, and reports them very strong.

On the 29th a reconnaissance was made toward Tunnel Hill from Ringgold, composed of 300 cavalry under Kilpatrick and Van Derveer's brigade of infantry. They advanced to within a short distance of Tunnel Hill, driving the enemy before them until they developed a largely superior force, when the expedition returned to Ringgold. About this time preparations were commenced for the proposed advance on Dalton in May. The Second Division of Cavalry, Brigadier General Kenner Garrard commanding, started from Columbia, Tenn., under instructions to report to General McPherson for further orders.

The Twentieth Army Corps, Major-General Hooker commanding, was directed to concentrate in Lookout Valley. General Rousseau's division, of that command, to garrison the block-houses and other points along the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad; the balance of the corps to be placed in marching order immediately.

The Fourteenth Corps, Major General J. M. Palmer, commanding, was to concentrate at Ringgold, Ga., as soon as possible; and the Fourth Corps was in readiness to move from Cleveland as soon as ordered.

Garrard's division of cavalry being under orders to report to Gen-

