
approximation of the work performed by my command: Number of miles of railroad destroyed, 60; number of locomotives destroyed, 1; number of bridges burned, 8; bushels corn ground into meal, 2,300; horses captured, 400 mules captured, 750; number of miles marched, 369; prisoners taken from the enemy, 50; prisoners taken by the enemy, 6; missing, 26; killed, 5; wounded, 21; died, 4.

A large train of captured horses, mules, wagons, and oxen was sent into Vicksburg from Canton, Miss, and the command was almost entirely subsisted on the country the march.

Inclosed please find the report of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Corps.

The report of Brigadier General A. J. Smith will be sent in as soon as received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding Sixteenth Corps.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Itinerary of the Sixteenth Army Corps, January 26-March 10.*

The Third Division, Brigadier General A. J. Smith, and Twenty-fifth Indiana, Thirty-second Wisconsin, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, Seventeenth New York, and Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteers, and Company D, Second Illinois Light Artillery, of the Fourth Division, embarked from Columbus, Ky., and Memphis, Tenn.; disembarked at Vicksburg, Miss., and with part of the Seventeenth Army Corps left Vicksburg on the 3rd, marching on Meridian, Miss., via Clinton, Jackson, Brandon, and Hillsborough.

February 14, arrived at Meridian.

February 15 to 18, inclusive, were devoted to the destruction of the railroads and public property of the enemy at Meridian, east some 15 miles and north some 20 miles.

February 20, the troops of this corps marched on return via Marion, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad, through Union and Hillsborough.

February 26, arrived at Canton.

February 27 to 29, remained at Canton, Miss. the Second and Third Brigades, First Division, embarked at Memphis and arrived at Vicksburg too late to join the column, and, by order of Major General W. T. Sherman, went into camp on Big Black River to cover bridges on Jackson road. The cavalry division of this corps reported directly to Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, chief of cavalry, Military Division of the Mississippi, during the month of February, and the report of the march and operations of the division with the cavalry expedition into Mississippi was rendered to general Smith. The Second Division and part of the Fourth Division are in the field at and near Pulaski, Tenn.

March 1, the Third Division, Brigadier General A. J. Smith commanding, and the Thirty-second Wisconsin, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, Seventeenth New York, Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteers, and Company D. Second Illinois Light Artillery, of Fourth Division,

---------------

* From monthly returns.

---------------

