
Brigadier General J. C. Veatch commanding, struck camp at Canton, Miss., marching on return to Vicksburg.

March 4, took up the Second and Third Brigades, of First Division, from camp on Big Black River and arrived at Vicksburg.

March 10, at Vicksburg the Third Division and Second and Third Brigades of First Division, under command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, embarked on an expedition up red River against Shreveport. Brigadier General Veatch, with the Thirty-second Wisconsin, Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, Seventeenth New York, Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteer, and Company D, Second Illinois Light Artillery, embarked at Vicksburg and proceeded via Cairo and Tennessee River to join the Fourth Division at Athens, Ala.

Numbers 5. Itinerary of the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General James M. Tuttle, U. S. Army, commanding, February 1-27.*

February 1, the Second and Third Brigades embarked on transports at Memphis, Tenn., and proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., the First Brigade remaining at Memphis.+

February 2, the troops arrived at Vicksburg at night.

February 3, disembarked in the morning and marched to Black River railroad bridge, where the division went into camp.

February 27, the Second Brigade marched to Canton, Miss.

Numbers 6. Reports of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of expedition from Memphis to Wyatt, with itinerary of the brigade, February 6-18.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Dr. Jeter's Plantation, February 9, 1864 - 7 a. m.

GENERAL: I reached this point yesterday evening about sundown, having succeeded in crossing the Coldwater without loss of man or wheel. My present position is between Coldwater Depot and Senatobia, on Hickahale Creek. I intend moving to Senatobia to-day (in fact, my advance is already there), and will push on toward Panola as rapidly as I think safe. I hold the crossing at Coldwater and the roads between there Senatobia, and will continue to do so at least until to-morrow, and longer if I then consider it desirable. My train is too large and gives me trouble and anxiety, although everything so far has worked well and the brigade is in fine condition and spirits.

I inclosed you will find a copy of my latest instructions. If you have any suggestions to offer or orders to give, please forward them by the bearers of this, and, if possible, furnish my courier with fresh horses. My present impression is that by the time this reaches you, or at furthest to-morrow, we shall have accomplished all that is desirable as a mere demonstration, and I can see no good which can

---------------

* From monthly return.

+ But see McMillen's reports, following.

---------------

