
Wyatt this evening. There was a force of cavalry 9 reported a brigade) under McCulloch between Senatobia and Paola, and with whom I had a sharp skirmish at the former place. Could not learn definitely what force Chalmers has at Panola, but heard that he was fortifying and being re-enforced. Think they have all the crossing between Panola and Wyatt guarded, and am told by citizens in this vicinity that there is at least a brigade on the side of the river at Wyatt. I will move down there in the morning and await your orders. Have not seen or heard of any considerable force except the owe above mentioned between Coldwater and Tallahatchie. Forrest has proclaimed his intention to stand his ground on the other side of the Tallahatchie, so the people say. His force is generally estimated at from 7,000 to 12,000. I sent the larger portion of my train back to Memphis. Have four days' bread and ten days' groceries on hand.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. McMILLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM S. SMITH,

Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Vick's Plantation, February 14, 1864 - 6 a. m.

GENERAL: I reached this place, 12 miles south of Quinn's Mill, last evening, and will push on to the mill to-day, at or near which I expect to cross the Coldwater, camping to-night in the vicinity of Colliervolle. I have less than one-half rations of hard bread for to-day and to-morrow only; no meat, except such as I can find in the country. We have plenty of coffee, sugar, and salt. Can't you send Captain Mallory, who went back with 100 good men, to meet us with supplies, either with a train of cars or wagons? I would like to-morrow evening, at or near Germantown, two days' rations of bread and meat for the whole command, say 1,650 men. Please let me know by this courier if I have this assistance, and be kind to send us newspapers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. McMILLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. P. BUCKLAND,

Commanding District of Memphis.

P. S.- I find no traces of the enemy in force this side of the Tallahatchie.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding, February 6-18.*

February 6, the brigade broke camp in the morning, and moved southward on the Hernando road.

February 7, bivouacked at night in the village of Hernando.

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

