
February 8, moved toward the Coldwater. Having had three companies of cavalry, averaging about 30 each, assigned to the command, a small force was sent in the advance. They met a small rebel picket force at the Coldwater Ferry, and succeeded in driving them back and secured the ferry-boat, which enabled the command to cross the stream. Bivouacked that night 1 1/2 miles south of the Coldwater Depot.

The next morning moved on the Senatobia road about 2 miles out; reached the Hickahale stream. The cavalry advanced, and one regiment of infantry was thrown across the bridge. One company of cavalry and two companies of infantry were sent to Senatobia to secure and hold the town. In attempting to cross the artillery the bridge began to give way, and the rest of the day was spent in repairing it. In the mean time the advance had reached Senatobia and drove the enemy from town, and awaited the approach of the column, About 3 p. m. the rebels made several attempts to charge on them, but were successfully repulsed each time. At night the column withdrew to a good camping-ground about 2 miles to the rear.

February 9, reconnaissances were made, and the command put in readiness to advance the day following toward Panola. During the day considerable skirmishing was had with the enemy. At 8 p. m. a dispatch was received from Brigadier General W. S. Smith, commanding cavalry expedition, for the command to join him at Wyatt, on the Tallahatchie.

February 10, three bridges were destroyed on the Hickahale after a sharp skirmish, also the Coldwater Ferry, and the command started for Wyatt, which place they reached on the morning of the 13th. The enemy had destroyed the bridge, and were strongly posted on the opposite bank. Constant skirmishing was kept up until dark, but we succeeded in driving them from the river. That night orders were received to meet General Smith at Waterford.

February 14, in the morning, moved to Waterford. About 4 p. m. dispatches were received that General Smith had effected a crossing at New Albany.

February 15, the command about-faced and started for memphis.

February 18, reached Memphis at night, the objected of the expedition having been accomplished, viz, to divert the attention of Forrest, Chalmers, and Lee, and allow General Smith to effect a crossing on the Tallahatchie.

Subsequent reports from Brigadier-General Smith, commanding cavalry expedition, state that thins command rendered him important service, and too much credit be given to the officers and men of this command for their energy and perseverance on this expedition. Starting out with only eight days' rations, it subsisted them thirteen. A portion of the road was almost impassable, but the men went cheerfully to work building bridges, cutting out new roads, and doing everything in their to forward the movement, and the interest manifested shows that there where such troops are serving victory is certain.

