
and marched by way of Jackson and Hillsborough to Meridian, Miss., and there aided in destroying the railroad for three days.

February 20, it commenced the return march by way of Union and Canton, destroying railroad at the latter place for two days, and arrived at camp in rear of Vicksburg March 4.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of expedition to Meridian.

Sailed from Memphis on board steam-boats Commercial, Emmy, Kenton, and Mars, 7 a. m., 31st January, 1864. Arrived at Helena, Ark., 6 p. m. same day. Found the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry preparing to move on board steamer Choteau, then lying at the landing. Furnished Colonel Montgomery, the commanding officer, with orders received from department headquarters, and issued Special Orders, Numbers 2, requiring him to embark as soon as possible, and sail with the fleet in the morning. At 10 o'clock the same evening the fleet sailed, leaving the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin to follow.

Landed at Vicksburg 2 a. m., February 2, 1864, and went into camp 6 miles from the city.

February 3, marched at 2 p. m., and camped on Clear Creek; roads good; distance 4 miles.

February 4, marched at 5.30 a. m.; halted on the east side of Big Black River 10 a. m. The Second Brigade marched on to the church at forks of the road, and camped at 4 a. m. of the 5th. First Brigade and train, arriving 12 m., marched at 1 o'clock from the church, and went into camp in an old field at 5 p. m.; distance from Big Black to the church, 8 miles; from church to camp, 10 miles; total distance from Black River, 18 miles.

February 6, marched at 5 a. m. and went into camp 10 a. m. 4 miles west of Jackson. Distance of day's march, 8 miles.

February 7, crossed Pearl River at 4 p. m. (First Brigade ordered to remain and destroy pontoon bridge across Pearl River), and camped 2 miles west of Brandon 12 o'clock at night; trains in the road. Distance of day's march, 14 miles.

February 8, marched at 11 a. m.; halted at Brandon 12 m; resumed the march at 2 p. m., and camped 10 p. m. at the railroad. Distance of day's march, 10 miles.

February 9, marched at 5.30 a. m.; halted at Morris' Mills on Line Creek, 13 1/2 miles from last night's camp, at 12 m.; at 1 o'clock resumed the march, and passed through Morton 4 p. m., and there received orders from Major-General Sherman to march to Shockalo Creek, at which place we went into camp at 9 p. m. Distance of day's march, 23 miles.

February 10, marched from Shockalo Creek at 6 a. m.; the cavalry commenced skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry 1 mile from camp; arrived at Hillsborough, county seat of Scott County, at 9 a. m., 5 miles from last night's camp; marched through Hillsborough and crossed Talla Bogue Creek, 3 miles east of Hillsborough, 12 m.; went into camp at 2 p. m. Distance of day's march, 8 miles.

