
February 11, marched from Talla Bogue Creek at 6 a. m; crossed Anticola Creek, 4 miles from Talla Bogue; Tuscalameta, 4 miles from Anticola; Bollabusha, 1 1/2 miles from Tuscalameta; Coonahatta, 4 miles from Bollabusha; camped on the Coonahatta at 5 p. m. Distance of day's march, 13 miles.

February 12, marched in rear of the Third Division at 8 a. m.; passed through [Decatur], 9 miles, at 12 m.; found the town on fire; placed the cavalry escort on guard in the town, and marched the division through 1 miles beyond the city. The corps train was fired upon by rebel cavalry; were instantly repulsed, doing no damage. They, however, swept around and attacked that portion of the train under charge of the Third Division; reached camp at 8 p. m., 6 miles beyond Decatur, on Little Chunky River. Distance of day's march, 15 miles.

February 13, marched from Little Chunky River 11.30 a. m.; crossed Tallisha Creek, 4 miles from Little Chunky, at 2 p. m.; crossed Tallahatta, 4 miles from Tallisha, at 6 p. m.; camped on the Bogue Filliah, 1 mile from Tallahatta, at 8 p. m. Distance of day's march, 9 miles.

February 14, marched from Bogue Filliah at 6.30 a. m.; crossed the Oktibbeha Creek and the ---- Creek; camped at Meridian 5 p. m. Distance of day's march, 15 miles.

February 15, remained in camp at Meridian all day.

February 16, marched to Marion Station, burning as much of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as possible.

February 17, remained in camp; troops burning railroad.

February 18, remained in camp during day, burning railroad and grinding breadstuff for the command.

February 19, sent two regiments to Lauderdale Springs in compliance with letter received from Major-General Hurlbut; the regiments to destroy railroad, and, if possible, burn the station of Lauderdale Springs, returning the same day, having burned culverts, bridges, and part of the railroad as far as Lockhart's Station.

February 20, in compliance with Major-General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 20, marched at daylight, taking the advance of the column; crossed Bail's Creek, 13 miles from Marion, on the Louisville road; a large plantation on the west side belonging to Mr. Holliday; crossed the Chickasawha 3 miles beyond, and went into camp at the junction of the Chickasawha and Pinder Creeks at 5 o'clock. Distance of day's march, 16 1/2 miles.

February 21, marched at daylight, crossed the Oktibbeha, 2 miles from camp; during the morning marched across a number of small streams, said by the people to be dry during the summer season; 10 miles from the Oktibbeha came the old Choctaw village grounds called ---, and near it, on the right side of the road, the plantation of James Wilson; 9 miles farther reached the town of Union, consisting of one house; found the enemy's cavalry fighting the guard to the train sent from Decatur. Distance of the day's march, 21 miles.

February 22, marched from one-half mile east of Union at 6.30 a. m.; reached camp on the Bogue Filliah, 1.30 p. m. Distance of day's march, 13 miles.

February 23, marched from the Bogue Filliah Creek at daylight; reached the Tuscalameta Creek, 3 miles, at sunrise; found the swamp one-quarter of a mile on each side of the creek in bad condition and causewayed; crossed the Anticola 2 miles farther; Talla

