
Bogue Creek 4 miles farther; camped 3 miles beyond, one-half mile east of Hillsborough. Distance of day's march, 12 1/2 miles.

February 24, marched from Hillsborough 9.30 a. m., Third Division in the advance; crossed the Shockalo Creek on the Canton road, 2 1/2 miles; 2 miles farther crossed Haly's Creek; went into camp 7 1/2 miles beyond at 5 p. m. Distance of day's march, 12 miles.

February 25, marched at daylight, Third Division in the advance; marched 2 miles, and found the rear of the Third Division still in camp; marched slowly in rear of the Third Division; halted for dinner on the Coffee Bogue Creek; the pontoon bridge broke; and went into camp 2 miles beyond Coffee Bogue. Distance of the day's march, 7 miles.

February 26, the head of column crossed the Pearl River at 11.30 o'clock; the rear of the division crossed at 1 o'clock; camped 1 1/2 miles north of Canton at 7 p. m. Distance of day's march, 13 miles.

February 27, remained in camp during the day, the Thirty-second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry burning the Mississippi Central Railroad, 1 mile west of the town; grinding corn meal at the rate of 40 pounds per hour. The Twenty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry veteranized, and marched as escort to wagon train to Vicksburg, in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 9, headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps.

February 28, remained in camp during the day.

February 29, remained in camp. The command mustered. Thirty-second Wisconsin tearing up the track of the railroad in the afternoon. Received hard bread, and orders to march the next day; also ordering General Mower's brigade to march with Fourth Division.

March 1, marched at 9 o'clock in the rear of the Third Division; closed on General Smith's column at 11 o'clock; halted for his train to cross the flat; while halted a party of foragers were driven in by the enemy's cavalry; sent the escort of cavalry, 33 in number; the officer in command soon reported two or more regiments of rebel cavalry. Orders were sent to Colonel Howe to throw out skirmishers and push forward the train; the skirmishers to remain until General Mower should show his heavy column. Colonel Howe, finding the enemy in line of battle, threw out two regiments of infantry, driving the enemy off on the Jackson road, and causing a delay of two hours. As soon as recalled the column moved forward, camping in Livingston at dark, Howe's train being across the creek and parked with Cooper's battery in the town; General Mower's camped on the creek east of the town, it being impossible to cross the creek bottom in the night. Weathere freezing. Distance of day's march, 12 miles. Troops suffering.

March 2, marched from Livingston at daylight, Third Division in the advance. Two miles from Bogue Chitto came up with the rear of Third Division, 11 a. m., General Smith having been halted to build bridge; crossed Bogue Chitto, the head of the division reaching the bridge at 6 p. m.; camped 3 miles beyond Bogue Chitto, the rear of the column (Mower's brigade) reaching camp at 11 p. m. Distance of day's march from Livingston to Bogue Chitto to camp, 3 miles; total distance, 12 miles.

March 3, marched at daylight, Fourth Division in advance, General Mower's brigade taking the advance of the division; passed through Brownsville, 4 miles, and halted at Queen's Hill Church at 10 o'clock, 6 miles; crossed Big Black River, 8 miles. The rear of

