
with division teams. The above 3 men were universally respected in their companies, and by all in the regiment who knew them. The service has lost in these men energetic, prompt, and good soldiers.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. RUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding the Regiment.

His Excellency JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor State of Wisconsin.

Numbers 13. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Colonel James H. Howe, Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry, commanding, February 3 - March 31.*

February 3, this brigade was organized and composed of the Thirty-second Wisconsin, Twenty-fifth Indiana, Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteers, and Battery D, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

February 4, marched toward Jackson, Miss.

February 7, arrived at Jackson. Occupied the place as rear guard of the Sixteenth Army Corps until army all passed; then destroyed the enemy's pontoon bridge, over which the army had crossed, and by a night march overtook the main body on the 8th.

February 8, marched through Brandon, Morton, and Hillsborough to Decatur.

February 12, had just passed through Decatur when the enemy's cavalry attacked train of Smith's division; were handsomely repulsed by the Twenty-fifth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Rheinlander, without loss.

February 14, marched into Meridian, Miss.

February 15, marched up the Mobile and Ohio Railroad toward Marion, entirely destroying the road as we moved up. The advance guard, three companies of the Twenty-fifth Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Rheinlander, was fired upon by the enemy's cavalry from the town of Marion in some force. Two companies of the Twenty-fifth Indiana and three companies of the Thirty-second Wisconsin, with battery, were ordered up. The enemy were driven out of town rapidly, with loss of 4 killed and a number wounded, and the town was occupied. Remained in Marion until the 19th, when the Thirty-second Wisconsin and Twenty-fifth Indiana, under command of Colonel Howe, marched 2 miles beyond Lockhart's Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, destroying all bridges and culverts, the station building, lumber, and the large hospital buildings of the enemy; returned at night.

February 20, marched toward Vicksburg; passed through Union and Hillsborough.

February 26, arrived at Canton; remained in camp at that place until March 1.

March 1, brigade broke camp.

March 3, crossed the Big Black River.

---------------

* From monthly returns.

---------------

