
Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, Sixteenth Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS,March 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular dated headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, Vicksburg, March 6, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Sixteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers during the recent campaign:

The regiment marched a distance of about 327 miles, destroyed three-fourths mile of railroad track and 40 feet of trestle-work.

The casualties in the regiment were: Accidentally wounded, 1; taken prisoner, 4; left sick at Brandon, 1; total, 6.

There are 281 men who have re-enlisted as veteran volunteers in the regiment.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADD. H. SANDERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Iowa Infantry.

Captain J. C. MARVEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General Mortimer D. Leggett, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of expedition to Meridian, with itinerary of the division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following summary report of the part taken by my division in the late expedition to Meridian. One more in detail will be made as soon as reports from brigades can be obtained:

First. Number of miles marched [350].

Second. Number of miles of railroad destroyed, 24; number of bridges destroyed, 52; number of feet of trestle-work destroyed, 4,000; number of cars destroyed, 10; car-wheels, 124; steam-mills belonging to Confederate Government, 3; number of wagons belonging to rebel army, 15.

Third, Number of killed, 7; number of wounded, 21 (13 severely, 8 slightly); number missing, 46 (39 captured when on duty, 7 when straggling).

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

15 R R - VOL XXXII, PT I

