
January 17, slight skirmish with the enemy; under orders fell back to Strawberry Plains at night; Third Division in the rear.

January 18, encamped at Flat Creek, Tenn., and beyond Holston River, in vicinity of Strawbery Plains.

January 20, ordered and moved to Sevierville via Knoxville.

January 21, passed through Knoxville and went into camp south of the Holston.

January 23, two brigades of Second Division ordered to Loudon and one brigade to Kingston; two brigades of Third Division ordered to Maryville and one brigade to Lenoir's;* moved on same day.

January 25, in position with headquarters at Loudon.

January 26 to 28, First Division brigade camps at Bridgeport, Shellmound, and Whiteside's broken up and division moved toward Chattanooga.

January 29 and 30, in position near Tyner's Station.

FEBRUARY.

First Division.

Broke up came at Tyner's Station and moved First Brigade to Blue Springs on the 5th; Second Brigade toward Ooltewah on the 3rd, thence to Blue Springs on the 6th; Third Brigade toward Charleston on the 2nd, thence to Cleveland on the 4th, toward Ooltewah on the 5th, and to Blue Springs on the 6th. The First Brigade at Blue Springs during month guarding East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad; Second and Third Brigades engaging in reconnaissance toward Dalton, Ga.; on the 22nd skirmishing with enemy, and on the 28th returning to camp. Brigadier-General Cruft in command of division from 13th until close of the month, Major-General Stanley being temporarily absent.

Second Division.

The First Brigade broke up camp at Kingston, and was moved to Loudon under department orders of the 31st ultimo. Division encamped at Loudon during the month, procuring forage and subsistence, guarding depots and railroads and establishing ferries. Four regiments from Third Brigade and section of artillery moved to Sweet Water on the 17th and returned on 22nd. During absence of Major-General Sheridan Brigadier-General Wagner in command from the 24th instant.

Third Division.

Under, orders from department commander to concentrate at Knoxville, was moved on the 15th, and reported at Knoxville to Major-General Schofield on 16th. Moved to Flat Creek on 24th, to Strawberry Plains on 27th, and to New Market on 28th. Brigadier-General Wood returning from absence resumed command on the 12th. Headquarters of the corps during the month at Loudon, Tenn.

---------------

*The return of Third Division reports that the Forty-fourth Indiana, Eighth Kansas, Twenty-third Kentucky, and Thirteenth, Fifteenth, Nineteenth, Forty-first, and Forty-ninth Ohio Regiments were sent home during the month on veteran furlough.

---------------

