
February 5, shortly after meridian, the First Brigade being ordered to the front, the regiment was formed in line of battle on the left (north side of the road), and, with skirmishers deployed, advanced, the rebel force retiring before us. Same date entered Jackson, Miss.

February 14, the brigade having been detached for the purpose from the main column, we marched to Chunky's Station, on the Southern Railroad. At this point we had a slight skirmish with a force of rebel cavalry, driving them across Chunky Creek (or river). The regiment met with no loss.

February 17, being in bivouac at Meridian, Miss., the regiment was ordered to scout on the Choctaw road. Scouted 7 miles, discovering nothing of importance.

February 18, regiment engaged in destroying railroad. Tore up and burned 1 mile of track and a large quantity of new ties.

February 19, relieved the Thirty-first Illinois on picket duty at mill, 2 miles east of Meridian, remaining there until the 20th instant, when we started on return trip.

February 29, regiment engaged in destroying railroad south of Canton, Miss. Tore up and burned two-thirds of a mile of track and about 60 feet of trestle-work.

March 3, at the crossing of Bogue Chitto Creek, line of battle was formed to cover the passage of the train, cavalry, &amp; c., this regiment on the extreme rear, the Forty-fifth Illinois supporting, but the enemy failed to make his appearance.

March 4, arrived in camp on Big Black.

During the expedition this regiment tore up and thoroughly destroyed, by burning, twisting, & c., 1 2/3 miles of railroad track and 60 feet of trestle-work.

The casualties of the regiment during the expedition are as follows: John Ross, private, E Company, Twentieth Illinois Volunteers, supposed captured while straggling, February 15, 1864, on the march between corral and Meridian; Private Oliver Harrold, E Company, Twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, supposed captured February 29, 1864, near Canton, Miss., during skirmish by authorized foraging party, of which he was a member.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

DANIEL BRADLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Major Harry Almon, Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Big Black, Miss., March 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 32, from Third Division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following as the part taken by my regiment in the late expedition to Meridian, Miss.:

On February 3, we left camp and marched some 4 miles, where we camped for the night.

