
20th, received marching orders. Started at 6 in the morning; made 18 miles. Camped for the night.

21st, marched into Decatur. Camped about 3 p. m.

22nd, traveled about 18 miles; nothing of importance.

23rd, reached Hillsborough, and camped for the night.

24th, marched within about 10 miles of Pearl River.

25th, marched to Ratliff's plantation, 5 miles from Pearl River. Camped for the night.

26th, crossed Pearl River. Marched to Canton, 5 miles.

27th, remained in camp until late in the evening, and then changed camp to the opposite side of the town.

28th, changed camp again, nothing of importance occurring.

29th, mustered for pay. Sent out a foraging party under Lieutenant Sippel. Had 6 men captured.

March 1, left Canton for Black River at 12 m. Went into camp at 12 o'clock at night; marched 5 miles.

2nd, passed through Livingston and camped on Bogue Chitto.

3rd, crossed Bogue Chitto, passed through Brownsville; marched 15 miles.

4th, reached Big Black at 3 p. m. Went into camp.

While on this expedition I had 10 men captured by the enemy; none killed or wounded. Seven of those captured while on duty and acting under orders. Three straggled from their command the morning of the 10th February, near Morton, Miss., and are supposed to be captured, but have been dropped as deserters.

The following is a list of those lost.*

Respectfully submitted.

H. ALMON,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. B. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Report of Major John O. Duer, Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Big Black, Miss., March 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 32, division headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry in the late expedition to Meridian, Miss.:

The regiment took a common part with the brigade until our arrival at Chunky River Station, on the Southern Railroad. On the morning of the 14th of February, having the advance of the brigade, was ordered to throw one company forward as skirmishers. F Company, Lieutenant Vincent commanding, was quickly deployed to the right of the road, and was soon under fire, and under directions of the general commanding the brigade, the regiment was formed in rear of my skirmishers and advanced immediately upon the enemy. The company of skirmishers in my front drove the enemy across the creek, having 3 wounded - Privates Peter Griffin and Isaac Way, severely, and Private Charles Collas, supposed to be

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

