
brigade. Marched 10 miles; progress very slow, owing to constant skirmishing with the enemy by the Fourth Division in front. Went into camp at 9 p. m. Plenty of wood and water, though the men carried rails 1 1/2 miles, being told that none could be found at the camp-ground.

February 5, moved at 7.30 a. m., skirmishing with the enemy by Second Brigade before sunrise. At 10 o'clock the First Brigade passed to the front, relieving Second and Third Brigades. At 12 m. passed through Clinton, the music playing and the blue banner flung out to the breeze. Two miles beyond Clinton, the rebels occupying a strong position and showing a considerable front, the brigade was deployed on the right of the road, the One hundred and twenty-fourth in the front on the right, supported by the Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry, the regiment being just behind the crest of the hill, from which could be obtained a splendid view of the rebel line. Companies K and B were deployed as skirmishers in front of the regiment preparatory to an advance. While lying in this position, Private Joseph Sadler, Company A, was wounded in his right arm by a canister-shot from a shell from one of our own batteries, which was playing upon the rebels over the heads of the men. Private Cleaveland Acox, Company B, had left arm shot away and right knee-cap broken by a solid shot from the rebel battery. Soon after advanced in line of battle toward the enemy. Skirmishers in advance found the enemy non est. A mile and a half farther again came in sight of the enemy, One hundred and twenty-fourth on the right of the division and in rear of the Thirty-first Illinois. Some thirty regiments deployed in line of battle, at sight whereof the rebels decamped. Moved toward Jackson on a new road. The First Brigade volunteering to march into Jackson, the One hundred and twenty-fourth led the way, and was the first infantry regiment to cross the breast-works of that place. Camped at 9.30 o'clock within the breast-works on the north side of town. The men were very tired, having marched over 20 miles.

February 6, lay in camp all day. At 10 a. m. received orders to move on a scout in the direction of Canton, but they were countermanded before put into execution.

February 7, moved out of camp at 6.30 a. m. and crossed Pearl River. Marched 14 miles, passing through Brandon, and went into camp at 5.30 p. m.

February 8, moved out of camp at 9 a. m. Marched 17 miles, and camped at 7 p. m.

February 9, moved at 10.20 a. m., One hundred and twenty-fourth in the rear of the Seventeenth Corps. Reached Morton, and camped at 2.20 p. m.

February 10, moved at 10.30 a. m., First Brigade acting as train guard. Very slow marching. Passed through Hillsborough. Camped at 10.45 p. m., having made 15 miles.

February 11, moved at 4 p. m., guarding train. A disagreeable march, the train being much delayed in crossing swamp. Camped at 3 a. m. Marched 14 miles.

February 12, moved at 10 a. m. Reached Decatur, 16 miles, at 7.40 p. m., and camped.

February 13, moved at 10 a. m. Marched 10 miles through bad swamps, and camped at 10 p. m.

February 14, the First Brigade being detached from main column to destroy the station and railroad bridge at Chunkyville, 8 miles

