
from main road, we moved out of camp at 6 a. m. with but two ambulance teams. Marched very rapidly. Encountered rebel outposts 1 mile from the station. By order of General Force, Companies A and F were detailed to destroy the bridge, Companies H and C to destroy the village, and the remainder of the regiment to destroy railroad. The Forty-fifth and Twentieth Illinois Infantry being deployed in line of battle on either side of the road, the One hundred and twenty-fourth, followed by the Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, moved in column down the road. The brigade advancing in this manner, the rebels were speedily driven across the river. The bridge, a fine, strong trestle-work, with water-tanks and other buildings, was fired under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. A large building filled with cotton bales, a house used as the rebel headquarters, and other buildings were also destroyed, and one-half mile of railroad iron and ties taken up and burned. Two of the wagons across the river, deserted by the enemy in his hurried retreat, were also fired by members of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry. The regiment sustained no loss whatever. The object of the expedition being accomplished, the brigade, by another road, regained the original line of march by 3 p. m. and went into camp.

February 15, lay in camp till 11.30 a. m. Raining heavily most of the time. Marched or waded 12 miles, and went into camp at 7 p. m.

February 16, moved at 9 a. m., marched 5 miles, reaching Meridian at 11 a. m. Camped in southwest portion of town. Afternoon the regiment destroyed about 1 mile of railroad and some 50 feet of trestle-work, doing it very rapidly and effectually by breaking the rails by main strength.

February 17, removed camp to south side of town. Company C, by order of General McPherson, was detailed to guard the arsenal, but was relieved before night by the Fifty-eighth Illinois. Heavy details for picket, 180 men and 8 commissioned officers being out at one time.

February 18, remained in camp, heavy details for picket.

February 19, remained in camp.

February 20, moved out of camp at 6.30 a. m., homeward bound. Received 29 rebel prisoners from Eighth Illinois. Company H was put in charge of them. By order of General Force, Companies E, K, G, and B were detailed to burn the arsenal, Ragsdale House, and other buildings designated to them, which agreeable task was thoroughly performed. Rations being short, with permission foraging parties were daily sent out, not meeting with much success. Marched 18 miles, and camped at 4 p. m.

February 21, by order, the rebel prisoners were turned over to General Maltby, commanding Third Brigade. Moved out at 7.30 a. m. Reached Decatur, 12 miles, and camped. Rations very short.

February 22, marched at 8 a. m. Marde 18 miles, and camped at 7.15 p. m. Received one day's rations of coffee, hard tack, and side meat.

February 23, marched at 8 a. m. Reached Hillsborough at 1.30 p. m.; 10 miles.

February 24, started at 6 a. m. on Canaton road. Marched 16 miles, and camped at 3 p. m. The forage party, in charge of Adjutant Smith, being very successful, the regiment was abundantly supplied with rations.

