
[CHAP. XLIV.

MARCH.

First Division.

March 12, headquarters moved to Blue Springs; First Brigade stationed at Ooltewah and Second and Third Brigades at Blue Springs during the month, doing the ordinary camp duties.*

Second Division.

At Loudon, Tenn., assisting in the construction of railroad bridge over Tennessee River, guarding stores, &amp;c.

Third Division.

Made no movement of importance until the 19th, when it marched to Strawberry Plains, and leaving the First Brigade to garrison that post, proceeded to Rutledge, Tenn.

March 24, moved to Powder Spring Gap and opened communication with Cumberland Gap, and several expeditions were made to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy. Headquarters of the corps at Loudon, Tenn., during the month.

APRIL.

First Division has not changed position since last return; Second Division marched from Loudon to Cleveland, Tenn., on the 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th instant; Third Division marched from Strawberry Plains about the 1st instant, and by easy marches proceeded to its present position [near McDonald's]. Headquarters moved on the 10th instant.

ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS.#

JANUARY.

Second Division, commanded by Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

The division has remained in camp during the past month; has, besides usual guard details, furnished large working parties on military roads and railroad. The following regiments re-enlisted as veteran volunteers and left the command to go to their respective States on recruiting service; January 4, the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with 29th officers and 477 men. January 11, the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with 27 officers and 423 men; the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, with 15 officers and 164 men. From these regiments there remained here the following numbers of men, who either were debarred the privilege of re-enlisting by the limited term of their previous service or were unwilling to re-enlist: From the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,

---------------

*The Twenty-first, Thirty-first, and Thirty-eighth Illinois Regiments on veteran furlough.

#Commanded by Major General Oliver O. Howard from April 2, 1863, to April 18, 1864, when it was consolidated with the Twelfth Corps to form the Twentieth Corps.

---------------

