
The wounded man must have been captured, as his horse was too badly used up to keep up with the squad. I arrived in camp with all the men I took out except those who, by direction of Lieutenant Gillespie, had been left to guard roads. Nearly all of these men must have been captured, as but 4 of them have ever returned to their commands. I cannot close this report without first mentioning the bravery and gallant conduct of Quartermaster Nichols, of the Thirty-third Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, who rendered me valuable and efficient service throughout the different skirmishes of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POTTER,

Captain Company F, 53rd Regiment Ill. Inf. Vols.

Captain WILLIAM WARNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Major George W. Crosley, Third Iowa Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA INFANTRY,Hebron, Miss., March 6, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the loss of this regiment during the recent expedition. As the regiment was almost constantly under the immediate notice and direction of the general commanding the brigade, and as the only detached duty we were called upon to perform was the destruction of railroad at Meridian and Enterprise, I presume it is only necessary for me to make a detailed report of the loss of the regiment in the affair of the 28th of February.

On the morning of the 28th of February, 23 men of this regiment, under charge of Sergt. Daniel Buckley, Company A, were ordered to report to brigade headquarters to go out with the brigade foraging party. During the day the party was attacked by the enemy's cavalry, and Sergeant Buckley and 12 men of the detail from this regiment were taken prisoners. The following is a list* of the names of the men captured. Private Francis M. Coverston is known to be wounded severely, perhaps mortally. Corpl. William H. Symms was seen to fall from his horse, and is supposed to be killed. Nothing is known of the fate of the rest of the party.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. CROSLEY,

Major, Commanding Third Iowa Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM WARNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Reports of Colonel Jonathan B. Moore, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Near Hebron, Miss., March 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 4, of this date, I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the opera

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

