
approach, but they came not. After exchanging a few shots at long range the artillery limbered up, and the entire brigade moved off as usual. Heavy skirmishing was kept up until we reached Livingston, near which place we found the column halted. Having closed up upon the column, we remained about four hours, during which time the enemy came up in large numbers upon our flanks. I again placed my two guns in position and gave them a few shells, which sent them in every direction at the top of their speed. Here the enemy withdrew, and as far as I know did not fire another gun upon any of our forces.

My command arrived at Hebron, Miss., on the 4th day of March, having been absent thirty days. Executed a march of 350 miles without having a single case of sickness of a serious character in the entire command.

Of the officers commanding regiments in this brigade I cannot speak too highly. Colonel George C. Rogers, Fifteenth Illinois Infantry, was wounded by a spent ball at Baker's Creek, while receiving instructions from me as to the disposition of his regiment for the night. I would most respectfully and earnestly call the attention of the commanding general to Lieutenant Allison, of Company H, Fifteenth Illinois Infantry, who lost one hand and part of the other at the battle of the Hatchie, and was again severely wounded in the leg in the engagement at Champion's Hill. His gallantry and soldier-like qualities are highly commended by his regimental commander. During this expedition the officers and men, with but very few exceptions, behaved remarkably well. A list of casualties has already been transmitted to your headquarters.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 33. Report of Brigadier General Walter Q. Gresham, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Hebron, Miss., March 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the recent expedition through Mississippi.

On the 4th ultimo, being the second day out, the Second Brigade, Colonel Hall, encountered the enemy's cavalry on the eastern slope of Champion's Hill, and advanced skirmishing to within 1 1/2 miles of Baker's Creek, when I received orders from General Crocker to send a regiment to the front and relieve the Fifteenth Illinois.

The Twelfth Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Proudfit commanding, was ordered up and moved forward promptly and cheerfully and relieved the Fifteenth Illinois and drove the enemy up to and across Baker's Creek, with a loss of 3 men killed and 3 wounded.

