
In this charge the Twelfth Wisconsin captured 1 lieutenant and 5 men. The enemy left on the field 4 men killed and 1 major mortally wounded. At the same time and place the Fifty-Third Indiana had 2 men wounded. Near Decatur the Twelfth Wisconsin had 1 man killed and 2 wounded while on duty with a forage party, and near the same place 4 men straggled from the Fifty-third Indiana and were captured. No casualties in either of the other regiments.

On the 16th ultimo, in pursuance to orders from Brigadier-General Crocker, with my own brigade, the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry and one section of Spear's battery, I proceeded from Enterprise to Quitman and destroyed a large railroad bridge over the Chickasawha, 2 miles south of the town. The bridge was covered and 210 feet long. Immediately north of the bridge I effectually destroyed 600 yards of trestle, from 10 to 30 feet high. We also destroyed the railroad depot at Quitman, the large and elegant hospital buildings, recently erected, one large steam flouring-mill, and one large steam saw-mill. The railroad bridge was guarded by the Ninth Alabama, but on our approach they abandoned their stockades and fled in the direction of Mobile.

Having accomplished the object of our expedition to Quitman, I moved my command back to the head of Alligator Swamp and bivouacked for the night, having marched from 7 a. m. to 8 p. m. 27 miles and worked four hours.

On the morning of the 17th, we destroyed the trestle-work over Alligator Swamp, 1 1/2 miles in length, and from 9 to 30 feet high. We also destroyed 2 1/2 miles of railroad north of the swamp, burning the ties and heating and bending every rail.

During the expedition my brigade marched 375 miles, destroyed 4 1/2 miles of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, 2 miles of which were bridges and trestle. Although the march was fatiguing, both officers and men bore it with cheerfulness and without a murmur.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp; c.,

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry, Seventeenth Army Corps, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Near X,", Miss., February 29, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from Major-General McPherson, my command moved over Big Black at the railroad bridge about noon, 3rd instant, and bivouacked at Baker's Creek bridge.

Marched at 6.30 next morning toward Raymond, meeting enemy's cavalry in some force soon after leaving the Jackson road. A charge upon our left flank was repulsed and the enemy followed to the main road, from whence a detour was made and the enemy

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 4 men killed, 7 wounded, and 4 missing; total, 15.

---------------

