
185 men, transferred to the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; from the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 118 men, and from the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 16 men, in all 134 men who were transferred to the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Third Division, commanded by Major General Carl Schurz.

Five of the regiments of this division, having re-enlisted as veterans, left for home, as follows: The Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers and the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers on January 8; the Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers on January 10, and the Sixty-eighth New York Volunteers on January 12.

January 25, at 7 a.m., this division marched from Lookout Valley and assumed the following stations: The Third Brigade with the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers of the Second Brigade, were posted at Whiteside's, Tenn.; the remainder of the Second Brigade at Shellmound, Tenn., and the First Brigade at a point opposite Bridgeport, Ala. Division headquarters were established at Shellmound, Tenn., where they have since remained. The division serves as a guard for the U. S. military railroad along this route, and is engaged in guard, picket, patrol, and scouting duty.

FEBRUARY.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General William T. Ward.

February 22, the First Brigade, First Division, was ordered by headquarters Department of the Cumberland to march to Bridgeport, Ala., reporting to Major General O. O. Howard, commanding Eleventh Corps, for assignment to station.

February 23, marched from Nashville.

February 29, reached Tullahoma. The Second Brigade, on the removal of the First Brigade from Nashville, was ordered by Major-General Rousseau, commanding District of Nashville, to take post as follows: The Thirty-third Indiana, Nashville, Tenn.; Eighty-fifth Indiana, La Vergne and Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad; Twenty-second Wisconsin, Nashville, Tenn., and Nineteenth Michigan, McMinnville, Tenn.

Division headquarters moved, and is now (March 15) with the First Brigade in Lookout Valley.

Second Division, commanded by Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

The division remains still in camp as at date of last return. No important military operations have taken place; time employed in drilling and promoting the efficiency of the command.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Hector Tyndale.

This brigade has been lying during the entire month at a point on the south bank of the Tennessee River opposite Bridgeport, Ala. It has been engaged during a great part of the month in rendering

