
[CHAP. XLIV.

the place secure from attack by constructing works, slashing timber, and obstructing various roads and means of ingress by which an enemy might approach. The Forty-fifth Regiments New York Volunteer Infantry proceeded on furlough as a veteran organization on February 2, and is still absent.

MARCH.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General William T. Ward.

March 2, division headquarters, with First Brigade, left Tullahoma.

March 10, reached Wauhatchie, Tenn., where they were encamped by order of Major-General Howard, commanding Eleventh Army Corps; Second Brigade stationary.

March 25, the Thirty-third Indiana went home as veterans. The remainder of their men (252) were temporarily assigned to the Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Adolph von Steinwehr.

The division remains in camp in Lookout Valley; position unchanged. The Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry have returned from furlough.

March 30, the First Brigade of this division made a reconnaissance to McLemore's Cove. Nothing important was obtained, and no engagement.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Hector Tyndale.

During the month the division has been performing guard duty along the U. S. military railroad from Bridgeport to Wauhatchie, sending out continually scouting parties in a southerly direction. The Fifty-eighth and Sixty-eighth New York Veteran Volunteers, the Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, and the Thirteenth New York Veteran Battery have returned from their furloughs. The Sixty-first Ohio Volunteers, having re-enlisted as veterans, have gone to Ohio. Battery K, First Michigan Artillery, has been detached from the division, and Battery I, of same regiment, has joined the division from Nashville.

March 24, the organization of the division was changed to two brigades by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 60, headquarters Eleventh Corps.

TWELFTH ARMY CORPS.*

JANUARY.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams.

The division remained in camp in same position as during the month of December, guarding the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Wartrace and Stevenson. All the old regiments of this division have re-enlisted. Two regiments have gone home in a

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Henry W. Slocum from September 13, 1863, to April 18, 1864, when it was consolidated with the Eleventh Corps to form the Twentieth Corps.

---------------

