
the stampede of certain regiments of the Third Brigade near Okolona is unknown to me. These regiments afterward, however, redeemed themselves and proved worthy of confidence.

The members of my staff, Captain S. L. Woodward, assistant adjutant-general; Captain O. S. Coffin, assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant J. M. Caldwell, acting ordnance officer, and Lieuts. A. W. McClure and J. K. Catlin, aides-de-camp, were untiring in their exertions, not only during the expedition, but in preparing it for the march. With the limited means at hand, and from the fact that supplies which had been estimated for months since never been received, unusual exertions were necessary in order to put the command in an efficient condition. The duties of these officers, particularly of the adjutant, quartermaster, and ordnance officer, were extremely onerous, and I take pleasure in stating that they proved themselves equal to the emergency.

Lieutenant J. K. Catlin was captured by the enemy on the 22nd, while in the gallant discharge of his duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant W. H. INGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, for February and March.*

During the march the First Division marched from Union City to Collierville, Tenn., from which point it operated with the whole division, under the immediate control of Brigadier General W. Sooy Smith.

February 20, the advance of the division engaged the enemy near West Point, and drove him with heavy loss across the Sakatonchee River.

February 21, we started upon out return to Memphis, the enemy under Generals Lee and Forrest following. We engaged them on the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd, each day choosing our positions and allowing them to come upon us. In each attack the enemy was repulsed with fearful loss.

February 26, the division arrived safely back to the line of the Memphis, and Charleston Railroad, having destroyed 30 miles of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, an immense amount of Confederate corn, cotton, other property, and having brought in about 200 prisoners, and about 1,500 negroes and the same number of mules.

The troops of this division have been engaged during the month of March in scouting and patrolling from the post of Memphis; no important engagement has occurred. Owing to the re-enlistment as veterans of three-fourths of all regiments in this division which were eligible, the effective force has bee much reduced.

During the month the Second Iowa, Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois, and the Fourth Missouri Cavalry have re-enlisted for the new term of three years.

---------------

* From monthly returns.

---------------

