
January 31, marched to Spring Creek, and met a messenger from Colonel Karge with dispatches stating that he was then 6 miles southwest from Huntington, and that the train had not yet reached Huntington, as the very heavy trains of two previous nights had rendered the roads almost impassable and had so swollen the streams as to wash away the bridges. He also informed me that he had unloaded ten baggage wagons and sent them back to lighten the train. Thinking that a better road from Huntington Pinson might be found than that via Spring Creek (which I knew to be very bad.) I went on the 1st of February to Colonel Karge camp, 21 miles distant, and made diligent inquiry, only to find that there was no other way to go. Seeing that Colonel Karge was doing all that was possible to expedite matters, I returned on the same day to Spring Creek, where I was informed on my arrival that the road to Mount Pinson was almost if not absolutely impassable.

February 2, I marched with a small escort via Jackson to Mount Pinson with a view to examining the bottom beyond Jackson, having previously sent the Second Illinois Cavalry by the direct road, and left orders for Colonel Karge to take that road unless otherwise ordered. I found the bottom at Jackson almost impassable for cavalry, and absolutely so for wagons.

February 3, I sent forward the Nineteenth Pennsylvania with orders to report to Colonel Shanks on the south side of the Hatchie River, and waited at Mount Pinson until five wagons of the supply train loaded with 3,500 rations came up under a small escort. With these I pushed on via Medon to Bolivar, arriving at noon of the 4th instant. The boat which had been built by Colonel Shanks' command had been found to be imperfect and was being repaired.

February 5, the boat was made ready during the night, and the troops which had come up with me crossed during the day, though owing to the leaky condition of the boat only 8 horses could be crossed at a a time. Toward evening Colonel Karge arrived with his command, having left the supply train 10 miles in his rear under a strong guard. The crossing was continued all night, and was effected without serious accident.

February 6, the crossing of the troops and of the supply train occupied the whole day, and in the evening the remaining rations were issued to the command, which had now come together for the first time since January 23.

February 7, marched the whole command at 6.30 a.m. via Somerville to Torper's farm, 3 miles north of Macon, where all encamped at sunset, except the supply and baggage train with the Seventh Indiana Cavalry as escort, which had only reached Somerville.

February 8, marched to Collierville in obedience to orders received at Bolivar from Brigadier-General Grierson, the head of the column arriving at 1 p.m., and the train escorted by the Third Tennessee Cavalry arriving after night-fall .

The supply train was a heavy incumbrance during the whole march, and caused at least a week's delay, while it was of very little use to the main column, which lived off of the country nearly all the time and could have done so entirely.

The whole distance made by the train was about 220 miles, and the whole time consumed was eighteen days. Had it not been for the sudden thaw which rendered the Obion River impassable, we could have come by the way of Ripley, only 120 miles, and would have

