
made the march in eight days, as the road was comparatively good and the river crossings in tolerable condition.

Attention is respectfully called to the report of Colonel J. P. C. Shanks, Seventh Indiana Cavalry (marked B*), which contains all that is of much importance containing the trifling engagements with guerrillas on the road, and an account of the brilliant affair at La Grange, where Lieutenant Grebe, of my staff, bearing dispatches, with his small escort defeated a considerable force of the enemy; also to the reports of the other commanding officers of the brigade, which (expecting slight geographical inaccuracies) will give you a correct idea of the difficulties of the march.

The Seventh Indiana Cavalry was brigaded with my command while it lay at Hickman, and was ordered to join me on the march. Had this not been the case, the large fragment now at Hickman would have been here for duty, and the regiment would have been in better condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. H. INGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., January 21, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Union City, Tenn.:

SIR: You will all possible dispatch with your cavalry brigade to Moscow, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, west of Grand Junction, by the shortest and most practicable route west of Columbus and Corinth road, and report your arrival at that point to Major-General Hurlbut, or commanding officer at Memphis, for further instructions.

You will be guided by the condition in which you find the streams and roads as to what road you will take after crossing the Obion. I hope you will reach the point designated as soon as practicable and in good condition for further march.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Grierson, Tenn., March 7, 1864.

Report of the march of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, from Collierville, Tenn., to West Point, Miss., and back to Memphis, Tenn.:

February 11, in obedience to the order of Brigadier General W. Sooy Smith, chief of cavalry, this brigade, consisting of the Seventh Indiana, Fourth Missouri, Second New Jersey, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and five companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry, marched from Collierville at 2 p.m., and encamped at 6 p.m. on the farm of Colonel McLean, 11 miles out on the Moscow roads. By the

---------------

* See p.272.

---------------

