
order of Brigadier-General Smith, a train from Memphis was to have met us at this place, with forage for night and morning and the remaining supplies which were required to fit out the brigade for the expedition . This train failed to arrive.

February 12, the train from Memphis arrived at 10.30 a.m., and the supplies and forage were issued immediately. At 2 p.m. the brigade marched, arriving at Hundsonville, 23 miles distant at 11 p.m. Here orders were received to proceed immediately to Walker's Mills, 3 miles east of Holly Springs, there to await further instructions from the chief of cavalry. At midnight the brigade marched again.

February 13, having marched all night, the brigade reached Walker's Mills at 10 a.m., having made 16 miles. A detachment of the Second Illinois Cavalry was immediately sent to Callahan's Mills, where the chief of cavalry was reported to be encamped, to report the position of the brigade and receive further instructions. No orders were received during the day.

February 14, remained in camp at Walker's Mills expecting every moment orders to march. At 5 p.m. a messenger arrived from Colonel McCrillis, at New Albany, communicating General Grierson's order for my brigade to proceed immediately to that point. This order, instead of coming direct from General Grierson's headquarters, about 15 miles distant, had first gone to New Albany and then come back to me. This delay caused more than a day's detention of my command. At the time when the order was received foraging parties were out, night was approaching, and it was raining heavily.

February 15, the brigade marched at daylight, and at 9 a.m. fetched Beck's Spring Ferry, over the Tippah River, 7 miles distant. The ferry-boat was found to be very small and in a very unsafe condition. It being impossible to cross the command by this means, and the ford, which is usually very good, being impassable, owing to the great rise and rapid current of the river, it was necessary to build a bridge of 65 feet span before the command could be crossed. At 3 p.m. a bridge was completed, but as the river was still rising and the center of the bridge was necessarily under water, it was nearly daylight the next morning before the whole brigade was encamped on the other side of the river.

February 16, marched at 8 a.m. for New Albany, 22 miles distant. Owing to the very bad character of a large portion of the road, although six wagons were abandoned and destroyed, it was impossible to reach the Tallahatchie River before 8 p.m., when the whole command, except a portion of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, immediately crossed the river and proceeded to a point 4 miles south of New Albany, on the Pontotoc road, where it encamped. The Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, excepting 100 men, was ordered to return to Memphis in charge of prisoners.

February 17, marched at 5 a.m. and reached the headquarters of Brigadier-General Grierson, commanding division, 7 miles distant, on the Pontotoc road, at 8 a.m. Ordered by General Grierson to go 2 or 3 miles ahead and feed. I went on with the head of the column 2 1/2 miles, to the farm of Parson Smith. When only one regiment of my brigade had passed the headquarters of General Grierson, the remainder were ordered by General Smith to turn out of the road and allow the other brigades to take the advance. At 2 p.m., the Second and Third Brigades having passed, this brigade fell in

