
was attended with no little difficulty inasmuch as the enemy had so far flanked our position as to jeopardize the safety of the battery of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, which was only withdrawn under cover of a desperate and brilliant by a portion of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry and subsequently of two detachments of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry; one piece of the battery having a broken wheel and two ammunition carts with broken shafts were necessarily abandoned to the enemy, the gun being first spiked. In the evening the whole division marched to within 2 1/2 miles of Pontotoc, where several hours were spent in reorganizing the different commands.

February 23, ordered to take the advance and march without delay to Memphis. About noon reached New Albany, on the Tallahatchie River, where General Grierson ordered me to send immediately the Second Illinois and the Seventh Indiana Cavalry to the rear to assist the Second Brigade. The Second New Jersey Cavalry was stationed on the north side of the river as sharpshooters, and the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, with its battery, on the hill still farther north overlooking the river. This position was occupied until the entire Second and Third Brigades, with the pack train and contrabands, has passed on. I was then ordered to leave my pack train with the Third Brigade, and to march my command immediately to Memphis. When I was fairly started I was ordered to receive and escort the contraband negroes who were escaping with the division. Being again under way, about 7 p.m. I was ordered to receive and escort the entire baggage train of the three brigades. About midnight the command reached the plantation of Mr. Graham, 12 miles from New Albany, where we halted to close up and put the train in the advance.

February 24, marched at 4.30 a.m., crossed the Tippah River by the bridge and ford near Beck's Spring, and reached the vicinity of Hudsonville about 9 o'clock in the evening.

February 25, marched at 7 a.m., proceeded about half a mile when the head of the column was fired into by a party of guerrillas and 1 man killed and 2 wounded. At Hudsonville received an order to halt and allow the other brigades to take the advance. Subsequently received another order to keep the advance and proceed to Collierville, there to repair the bridges across Wolf River, and in the event of the railroad not being in running condition, to cross my command and forage on the country. Arrived at Collierville at 4 p.m. and found the railroad destroyed.

February 26, there being no other means of procuring forage, marched across Wolf River and proceeded to within about 12 miles of Memphis before forage could be found in any considerable quantity. Encamped here for the night.

February 27, crossed Shelby Ferry and encamped at the Fair Ground, 4 miles from Memphis, on the Charleston Railroad. On reporting for orders to Brigadier-General Grierson, commanding the division, was directed to remain in this camp, and draw supplies from Memphis.

The detachment of 100 men of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Holahan, was detailed very early in the expedition to guard the prisoners, which duty they continued to perform until its close, bringing safely to Memphis all of the prisoners taken by the entire command excepting 1, who was killed in attempting

