
body during the month and three more are ready to follow. Pursuant to orders from the War Department one regiment, the One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers, has been disbanded, the commissioned officers and surplus non-commissioned officers mustered out, and the privates transferred to other New York regiments in the division. The work upon fortifications along the line of the railroad has been carried on during the entire month.

January 20, the garrison at Tracy City was attacked by guerrillas in numbers greatly superior to those of the garrison, and after a sharp fight of about two hours the enemy were repulsed. Our casualties were 2, viz: One captain severely wounded and 1 enlisted man mortally wounded.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John W. Geary.

The division remained in camp in Lookout Valley until the 4th instant, when it marched to Bridgeport, Ala., two brigades encamping at that place and the Third Brigade being sent to Stevenson. The strength present for duty of the command has been much reduced by the re-enlistment of veterans and their departure on furlough. During the month the following organizations left the command, having re-enlisted: First Brigade-five companies One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, January 3; seven companies Fifth Ohio Volunteers, January 27; Second Brigade-One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, January 20; Third Brigade-Seventy-eighth and One hundred and second New York Volunteers, January 1; Artillery, Independent Battery E, Pennsylvania Volunteers, January 6. The remaining troops of the First and Second Brigades are doing garrison duty, &amp;c., at the post at Bridgeport, and the Third Brigade at Stevenson.

FEBRUARY.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams.

This division remains on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and owing to the reduction of effective strength, in consequence of the return home of veteran regiments on furlough, it has been relieved by the Second Division from that part of the line from Stevenson to Tantalon.

During the month the re-enlisted portions of Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, Third Maryland, and Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry Regiments, and of Battery F, Fourth United States; M, First New York, and Ninth Ohio, have left on furlough; the Third Regiment Wisconsin, Veteran Volunteers and Second Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers have returned. The tax levied upon citizens of Lincoln County for the support of the families of men murdered in December has been collected this month. On the return of the expedition, while on the march, 2 privates of the One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteer Infantry became separated from the column and were killed by guerrillas. An expedition was also sent into another portion of Lincoln County to break up a band of troublesome guerrillas, and they succeeded in capturing a number of the outlaws, who are now undergoing trial before a military commission.

