
to escape. At times during the excitement of the retreat, the performance of this duty required great care and coolness.

The losses of this brigade in the various engagements were as follows, to wit: Fourth Missouri Cavalry-men killed, 6; wounded, 4; missing, 4; total, 14. Second New Jersey Cavalry-1 captain and 2 lieutenants wounded, 1 lieutenant taken prisoner; men wounded, 6; missing, 2; total, 12. Second Illinois cavalry-men killed, 1; wounded, 1; missing, 1; total, 3. Seventh Indiana Cavalry-3 commissioned officers wounded and taken prisoners, 2 commissioned officers wounded; men killed, 11; wounded, 32; missing, 36; total, 84. Total loss of First Brigade, killed, wounded, and missing; 113.*

Between Okolona and West Point the following stores belonging to the enemy are estimated to have been destroyed by this brigade: 250 bales of cotton, marked C. S. A.; 200,000 bushels of corn in Government pens; 280 sacks of shelled corn; 100 sacks of corn meal in Government store-houses; also 2 cases of English muskets and an assorted lot of commissary stores in the station-house at Egypt.

Fifteen bridges and culverts were burned, and the track was destroyed in more than twenty different places between Okolona and Prairie Station.

Very respectfully,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Reports of Captain Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry, of operations January 22-February 27.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Collierville, Tenn., February 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I forward my report of the march from Union City, Tenn., to Collierville, Tenn.:

I left Union City, Tenn., on the morning of the 22nd of January, 1864, and marched to within 3 miles of Sharp's Ferry.

23rd, left Sharp's Ferry and crossed Obion River at sunrise. Found 3 miles of bottom land overflowed; nearly impossible to bring wagons through it. Camped at Porter's farm until the morning of the 26th, waiting the coming up of the column.

26th, left Porter's farm and marched to Trenton and camped.

27th, left Trenton and marched to Rodgers's Mill, Spring Creek, and encamped.

28th, sent out foraging party to collect all salt provisions that could be found; also started the mill grinding meal for the brigade, which we kept up until the morning of the 2nd of February.

2nd, left Spring Creek and marched to Mount Pinson, a distance of 20 miles, and encamped.

3rd, left Mount Pinson and marched to Medon and encamped.

4th, left Medon and marched to Bolivar; built a boat, and on the morning of the 5th commenced to cross Hatchie River and

---------------

* But see revised statement, p.193.

---------------

