
camped 1 mile south of Bolivar, waiting until the morning of the 7th for the supply train to come up.

7th, left camp and marched to near Macon and encamped.

8th, left camp near Macon and marched to Collierville.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

FRANK. MOORE,

Commanding First Battalion, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, JR.,
HDQRS. FIRST BATT., SECOND ILLINOIS VOL. CAVALRY,Camp Grierson, Memphis, Tenn., March 14, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from headquarters First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of my proceedings in the recent expedition commanded by Brigadier General W. S. Smith into Mississippi:

February 11, left Coolierville at 3 p.m. in rear of the brigade as rear guard; marched 10 miles on the Moscow road, and encamped at La Fayette.

February 12, left camp in rear of the Seventh Indiana at 2 p.m.; marched southeast that afternoon and all night; passed through Holly Springs at daylight.

February 13, at 12 m., arrived at Walker's Mills; remained in camp from 12 m. the 13th until 6 a.m. the 15th; marched to Tippah River, 8 miles; spent the night and lay in building bridge and crossing the river; encamped on the south side.

On 16th, left camp, order of march same as before, at 7 a.m., Seventh Indiana in advance of battalion; arrived and passed New Albany at 8 p.m., and encamped 4 miles south for the night.

On 17th, left at 5 a.m.; marched 20 miles south, and encamped near Red Land, my battalion in advance.

On 18th, left camp at 7 a.m.; passed Red Land at 8 a.m., battalion in rear of column, and marched to Okolona and 3 miles south, and encamped for the night.

On 19th, left camp at 7 a.m., passed Egypt Station at 10 a.m.; captured a colonel near the station. Battalion took a dispatch from General Smith to General Grierson at Aberdeen, going the 8 miles in forty minutes, and captured a rebel surgeon and 1 private. Leaving Aberdeen at 5 p.m., with General Grierson's brigade, I rejoined my brigade at 10 p.m.

On 20th, left camp at 6 a.m., in rear of Seventh Indiana, and marched to West Point, or 1 1/2 miles this side, and encamped in line of battle; skirmishing with pickets all night.

On 21st, left camp at 8 a.m. on our return, my battalion in advance of brigade; marched all day and half of the night; skirmishing in the rear. Encamped near Okolona, 3 miles south.

On 22nd, left camp at 8 a.m. and passed Okolona at 9 a.m. leaving Okolona half a mile to the right, falling in advance of the Seventh Indiana. Stampeders going to the front left my battalion in rear of the division. I formed and [began] fighting. Being heavily, pressed, I fell back on the Fourth Missouri and Seventh Indiana lines, and again being ordered to fall back, I fell back a short distance, formed, and had continual skirmishing and hard fighting until night, gradually falling back, and took up our line of march at dark.

