
Marched to near Pontotoc, where I halted to rest two or three hours, and at 6 a.m. of the 23rd passed Pontotoc, and arrived at New Albany at 2 p.m. Encamped 9 miles this side of New Albany on the evening of the 23rd.

On 24th, marched at 5 a.m.; spent most of the day crossing Tippah River; marched most of the night, and encamped near Hudsonville.

On 25th, marched at 6 a.m., and arrived at Collierville the same day.

On 26th, left Collierville, crossed Wolf River, and encamped on the Macon road.

On 27th, marched at 6 a.m. arrived at Memphis at 4 p.m., and encamped at 5 p.m.

I have the honor to be, yours, colonel,

FRANK. MOORE,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, JR.

Numbers 39. Report of Colonel P. C. Shanks, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, of operations January 22-February 9.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN.,

February 10, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance of your orders, I submit the following report of my march from Hickman, Ky., to this place:

January 22, 8 a.m., left Hickman with 606 men, mounted, armed, and equipped, without rations, but with six teams, and ammunition in pouches only for carbines, none for revolvers except one load, under written orders to march to a point within 3 miles of Sharp's Ferry, on Obion River, or to rear of column. I camped at Childs' farm, 3 1/2 miles north of ferry at 8 p.m., having passed in the following order in their camps, Nineteenth Pennsylvania, Fourth Missouri, Second New Jersey Cavalry, having marched 33 miles.

On 23rd, regiment remained in camp. I crossed, and examined bottom on south side; found soil light, river rising rapidly and over part of bottom, which is by the most practical route 1 1/2 miles in width; Second Illinois and pioneer corps were crossing; also Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

On 24th, at 2 a.m., sent Third Battalion to cross; 6 o'clock sent Second, and 8 o'clock First Battalion of Seventh Cavalry. I went to ferry with Second Battalion, and was ordered by Colonel Karge to cross and examine possibility of crossing wagons. Did so, and found it impossible. Was then ordered to go down river 6,8,12 miles to the several ferries for crossing; found no boats, and river wider, banks worse, and bottom as bad as at Sharp's. Reported at 9 a.m.; my regiment meantime had crossed and gone on. River rose 18 inches during night.

I crossed on morning of the 25th, with considerable risk, with dispatches from Colonel Karge to you. Larger portion of my regiment swam their horses, and lost several horses, some arms, but no men.

On 27th, left camp with Seventh Indiana Cavalry, Nineteenth

