
February 8,6 a.m., marched with column for Collierville, arriving February 9 at 7 p.m.

On February 2, at 8 a.m., I sent Captain Shoemaker with 40 men to escort Lieutenant Grebe with dispatches to General Smith. He reached Grand Junction and learned of the enemy at La Grange. He reported to me the fact. I sent him Lieutenant Skinner and 40 more men.

He then, on the morning of the 3rd, drove the enemy from La Grange, and without further difficulty reported at Memphis. The result of the fray at La Grange was taking 8 prisoners, killing 2, and wounded 1, and some horses.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN P. C. SHANKS,

Colonel Seventh Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, JR.,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Browne, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, of operations February 6-27.
HDQRS. SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Grierson, Tenn., March 12, 1864.

SIR: In submitting the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late cavalry expedition to West Point, Miss., I have to regret the absence of Colonel J. P. C. Shanks, who was during all that time in command, but who is now absent in consequence of illness induced by the hardship and exposure incident to the march. Having, however, been constantly with the regiment, I hope to be able to give the important particulars of the march with reliable accuracy.

Nothing of interest transpired on the march in which this command was concerned independently of the brigade, until its arrival at the first camp beyond Okolona.

On the morning of the 19th of February, the Second Battalion, consisting of Companies B, D, F, and H, in command of Major Simonson, was detailed to return and destroy the railroad depot, &amp;c., at Okolona, and to the north of it. Pursuant to his instructions he destroyed a bridge on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad of about 300 feet in length, 5 miles north of the town; burned the depot at Okolona, 50 barrels of salt, a warehouse containing a large quantity of Confederate corn; destroyed a locomotive, captured some 50 horses and mules, and rejoined the regiment on that evening. On the evening of the same day Captain Elliott, with Companies M and A, under instructions destroyed 23 large cribs containing Confederate tithe corn, which had been placed for convenience of shipping by the side of the railroad near Egypty Station. The quantity of corn thus destroyed was immense, but I could not venture an opinion as to the number of bushels. Captain Elliott at the same time destroyed three trestle bridges of considerable size on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad between Egypt and Prairie Stations.

On the 20th, being advised that the advance was engaged with the enemy near West Point, the regiment was ordered rapidly forward,

