
came forward in the wildest disorder and confusion, it having been attacked and driven back by the enemy. The First Battalion was immediately thrown across the road in line of battle, the Second and Third forming at the same time for its support in its rear. Our officers then used every exertion to rally and reform the panic-stricken and flying troops that came pouring upon our lines. To accomplish this was impossible. Very soon the forces of the enemy made their appearance, and skirmishing commenced between them and the First Battalion. The enemy was held in check until, under orders from General Grierson, we retired. The regiment fell back slowly and in good order for some distance, by alternate battalions, and then resumed its march in column. We had not proceeded far before the avalanche of stampeders again came rushing against and past our column, when we again formed in line and again met the enemy, who were at this time pressing the rear hotly and in considerable force. We charged upon them, drove them back handsomely, but becoming exposed to a severe flanking fire and being unsupported, were compelled to retire. Here we lost several men in killed and wounded, among the latter Lieutenant G. R. Kennedy, of Company C, who fell leading the charge. He was left on the field. At this point we also inflicted considerable punishment upon the enemy. Retiring a short distance, we again halted, and held our position firmly until ordered back. Passing through the lines formed in our rear by the other regiments of the First Brigade and a portion of the Second Brigade, Major Beck, by order of General Smith, with two companies of the First Battalion and Companies L and M, went out to the left to protect that flank. After going some distance and encountering no opposing force he rejoined the regiment at Ivey's farm.

It was now near sundown, and the enemy was pressing hard upon us. The regiment was halted and thrown into line, a portion of it dismounted and sent to the support of the battery of the Fourth Missouri Regiment, which was in position. Soon afterward those dismounted were ordered to their horses, and General Smith ordered a charge. Not hesitating a moment, Major Beck, with Companies A, E, and G, and Major Febles, with Companies I, K, and M, rode rapidly and gallantly forward upon the lines of the enemy with drawn saber. The nature of the ground prevented the effective use of the saber, by that pistol was substituted for it and did most excellent service. The enemy was driven from his position, and lost fearfully in killed and wounded; we also took several prisoners. The charge was not made without loss to us, as we left quite a number of officers and men on the field. Among the former were Captain J. R. Parmellee and Lieutenant John Douch, of Company A. Lieutenant Douch was wounded mortally, but the precise fate of Captain Parmelee is unknown. In the fight at Ivey's farm the regiment sustained the larger portion of its entire loss.

On the 23rd, we were ordered back from the crossing of the Tallahatchie to the support of the Second Brigade and took position, but the enemy having previously discontinued the attack, our services were not required. We then quietly crossed the Tallahatchie. The bridge over which we crossed was burned, and the ford obstructed. Nothing more of interest occurred until the ensuing day.

On this day the First Brigade, in charge of the trains, marched on a different road from the balance of the division, this regiment being in the rear of the First Brigade. We arrived without molestation

