
nearly to the crossing of the Tippah River, when a small guard, thrown to protect our rear, was suddenly attacked by a considerable force of guerrillas. We lost 1 man killed, 1 wounded, and 2 taken [prisoners]. As soon as information of the attack reached the column the regiment was marched back and put in position for their reception; but they made no further hostile demonstrations, quickly withdrawing to the woods to the rear. The number of this force we could not ascertain with certainty, but a captured contraband, who had been a servant to one of its officers, put their numbers at 200. This ended the exciting and material part of the expedition so far as this regiment was concerned.

From this point we marched without interruption to our present camp, at which place we arrived with the residue of the brigade on the 27th of February.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing during the expedition is 84, a list of which has been sent you.

In conclusion, I feel it but an act of justice to say that under the most trying and disheartening circumstances by which this command was surrounded, both officers and men behaved themselves admirably. To the officers, both field and line, much credit is due for the coolness and alacrity with which they executed every order. Notwithstanding the disorder and confusion many times about it, the regiment at no time was disorganized or demoralized.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. M. BROWNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Major Edward Langen, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, of operations January 22-February 8.

COLLIERVILLE, TENN., February 10, 1864.

Report of march from Union City, Tenn., to Collierville, Tenn., of the Fourth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, under command of Major Edward Langen:

This command left Union City on the 22nd day of January, 1864, and took camp 6 miles from Troy, Tenn.

Left the camp on the morning of the 23rd, and marched about 2 miles from Sharp's Ferry, on the Obion River. Camped there again.

Staid in this camp on the 24th, and left the camp on the 25th to return and take another road, as it was, on account of the rise of the Obion River, impossible to cross any more. Passed Troy and arrived on the 25th, 10 miles from Union City, at Widow White', on the Hickman road.

On the 26th, marched at 10 a. m., and camped 3 miles north of Union City.

On the 27th, passed Jacksonville, Gardner's Station, and camped

2 1/2 miles from Dresden.

On the 28th, staid in this camp and waited for supply train, which came about 2 miles from camp.

