
Left on the 29th, passed Dresden, McKenzie's Station, and camped 4 miles this side of Huntingdon.

Left camp on the 30th, passed Huntingdon, and camped 6 miles on the other side of Huntingdon.

In this camp we staid all the 31st of January and 1st of February, on which day the supply train caught up.

On the 2nd, left camp, passed Spring Creek, and camped 4 miles below Spring Creek, on the Cotton Creek road. In this camp sent five teams from the supply train with provisions to Mount Pinson, and passed Cotton Creek. Passed the Hatchie River and swamp, and camped 5 miles from Mount Pinson.

On the 4th February, passed Mount Pinson, camped 8 miles on the Bolivar road.

On the 5th, marched through Medon, crossed the Hatchie River on a flat-boat, camped 2 miles on the other side of Bolivar, and left on the 7th. Passed Somerville and camped 8 miles below that place.

Left camp on the 8th, passed the Wolf River Swamp and river, and arrived at Collierville early in the afternoon.

EDWARD LANGEN,

Major, Fourth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 42. Report of Major Gustav Heinrichs, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, of operations February 11-27.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MISSOURI CAVALRY, Camp Grierson, Tenn., March 17, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with special orders from headquarters First Brigade, I have the honor to transmit herewith my official report of the part taken by my command in the last great cavalry expedition toward Meridian, Miss., and of the different skirmishes and fights in which the same participated:

The regiment left Collierville, Tenn., as part of the First Brigade, on Tuesday afternoon, February 11, and consisted of the First Squadron, under Captain Hanson, with Companies D, G, and H; the Second Squadron, under Captain Kemper, and composed of Companies I, K, and L, and the mountain howitzer battery of four pieces, lately organized, under Captain Charles P. Knispel, with Lieutenants Graessle and Wieser; Companies A and B, being detached as provost guard and Companies F, C, and E, absent from the regiment. We commenced marching day and night, and the good spirit of the men did hardly leave them time to reflect over the great distances that were made.

February 13, arrived in sight of Holly Springs, Miss., at 6 o'clock, having marched all night, and arrived in camp near Walker's Mills that afternoon.

Left camp on the morning of the 15th under a heavy rain, and arrived near Tippah Creek, where we helped build a bridge with fence rails, and crossed the same with much difficulty, arriving in camp on the other side of Tippah Creek early in the morning of February 16.

