
[CHAP. XLIV.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John W. Geary.

The division lay encamped on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad; the First and Second Brigades and the artillery at Bridgeport, and Third Brigade at Stevenson, Ala., guarding the railroad and performing provost duty until the 11th instant.

February 11, the line was extended, and four companies, of the Third Brigade were detached and sent to Anderson, Tenn., to guard that post, and four companies of the First Brigade were detached and sent to Caperton's Ferry, on Tennessee River, between Stevenson and Bridgeport, Ala.

February 20, information was received that the rebel Morgan intended making a raid on this post, with a view of destroying the railroad bridge over the Tennessee or tearing up the track of the railroad at some adjacent point, for the purpose of interrupting communication with Chattanooga. Every preparation was made to rebel attack, and on the 21st the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel A. Pardee, were sent on reconnaissance to Jasper, Tenn., to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy, if any. They returned on the 22nd, and reported no indication of the presence of an enemy.

February 22, a telegram was received from Major-General Hooker, stating that Cleburne's division was then at La Fayette, Ga., intending to attack the railroad opposite Bridgeport or between that place and Chattanooga. Guns were put in position, the earth-works strengthened, and the command fully prepared to defeat any design of destroying the bridges or railroad in the occupation of the division, but the enemy did not appear. A line of pickets extends from a point on the right bank of the Tennessee River, 3 miles above the fords on the river and patrolling the railroad, one company being at Widow's Creek bridge, on railroad. Division headquarters at Bridgeport, Ala.

MARCH.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams.

The division remains on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, as per last report, performing about the same duty as heretofore. The veteran regiments are returning as their furloughs expire. About two-thirds of the rails on the McMinnville branch railroad have been taken up during the month and brought to Tullahoma without any casualties. One attack only has been made on the railroad, and that very soon repulsed without loss upon our side. Some negroes in the railroad employ were run off, and some of them, it is half way between the post at Estill Springs and the trestle bridge at Poor Man's Creek. A train was thrown off and the cars set on fire, but three only were burned, a portion of the guard at Estill Springs arriving in time to save the others.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John W. Geary.

The division is encamped as reported on February return, viz: First and Second Brigades and artillery at Bridgeport, Ala., and

