
and listening to a retreated request of Colonel Waring to allow the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to make a saber charge, ordered the charge, which was executed, and, according to the compliments sent to the regiment by him, in a most brilliant style. During that time the brigade was ordered to fall back like the balance of the troops, and under cover of this charge the withdrawal succeeded, under a most furious fire of the enemy, who meanwhile had succeeded in breaking our left line of support. The enemy had advanced nearer than 20 paces. All of the horses of one piece were killed, and the carriage broken. Major Langen, with Captain Hanson, made another desperate charge, and with the balance of the men, reformed by myself and by the bravery of the officers of the battery, succeeded in saving the whole battery, with the exception of one disabled piece, which was spiked. This spiking was done by Sergeant von Westernhagen and Corporal Velguth, of Company M, which act I feel proud and in duty bound to mention as an act of bravery and courage, and respectfully recommend these brave men to the commendation of the colonel commanding. The conduct of officers and men of my command during this terrible engagement has been sufficiently observed by Colonel Waring, and needs scarcely a repetition of honorable notice on my part. Be it sufficient to say that every one, without exception, behaved well and gallantly.

The enemy, with a good lesson, fell back and troubled us no more. We formed again on the other side of the Tallahatchie on the 23rd, and before crossing the Tippah on the 24th, and arrived, after an easy and comfortable march, safely near Memphis on the 27th.

I have also the honor to lay, through you, before the colonel commanding an official list* of the casualties in killed, wounded, and missing of my command. It will be observed that we lost but little, which shows that the enemy, by the courageous and coolly executed saber charge, was so struck and taken by surprise that he lost the balance of power to give a well-aimed fire, and this explains the many horses shot in the legs and heads.

In conclusion, I beg to be allowed to express my sincere thanks to my comrade with me in command, Major E. Langen, for his valuable assistance in sharing with me the responsibilities and hardship connected with this expedition.

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Reports of Colonel Joseph Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, of operations January 22-February 27.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,Collierville, February 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Cavalry Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report:

My command broke camp and took up the line of march for Moscow, Tenn., on Friday, January 22, at 7.30 a.m.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.193.

---------------

