
I arrived with my command at 4 p.m. the same date at a point within 6 miles of the Obion River, when I was ordered to superintend the crossing of the brigade at a point called Sharp's Ferry Leaving my regiment in bivouac. I immediately went to the river, and, after innumerable and almost, insurmountable, difficulties, I succeeded in getting the Nineteenth Pennsylvania and Seventh Indiana Cavalry, together with a squadron of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry and a detachment of Second Illinois Cavalry, safely over the stream. Owing to the utter impassability of the swamp on the opposite side of the river, in consequence of its sudden rise, I was forced to relinquish the attempt to cross at that point, and after due consideration I concluded to take the balance of the command (consisting of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, a portion of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, with three mountain howitzers and the supply and baggage trains of the brigade) to their destination by a more practicable route, if possible.

I accordingly started on the line of march with the detachment on Monday, 25th January, at 2 p.m., after marching about 12 miles I halted the command for the night at the Widow White's farm, where I found forage sufficient for the command.

At 10 a.m. 26th January, the command broke camp and took up the line of march on the Jacksonville road, and halted the command within 4 miles of Jacksonville same date.

The command marched at 8.30 a.m. on the 27th, and arrived within 1 mile of Dresden at 8.30 p.m., same date, where we remained until Friday, 29th, when we broke camp at 6.30 a.m., and reached a point 3 miles beyond McKenzie's Station, where we bivouacked at 5.30 p.m. same day.

We remained at that point until 12 m., Saturday, 22nd, when we moved on to Mitchell's farm, 6 miles south of Huntingdon, where we halted at 7 p.m., and received dispatches from the supply train informing me that it was encamped at least 10 miles north of Huntingdon. I immediately gave orders that ten of the baggage wagons of the brigade should be unloaded and sent back to relieve the supply train of a portion of its load, and concluded to remain at the present camp until the supply train arrived.

On the evening of Monday, February 1, the supply train arrived, and on Tuesday, February 2, the command broke camp and reached a point 4 miles south of Spring Creek at 5 p.m., where we remained until the next day, February 3, when we marched at 6.30 a.m. We halted 5 miles north of Mount Pinson, which point we reached at 6 p.m., February 3.

We left camp on the morning of the 4th, and arrived at Medon at 6 p.m., where we halted and bivouacked for the night.

The command left Medon at 7 a.m. Friday, February 5, and arrived at the Hatchie River at 2.30 p.m. same day.

I immediately began crossing the command, and by 12 m. the next day had them all safely over, with the exception of the supply train and escort, which did not arrive until some hours after, when it immediately commenced crossing, and by 2 a.m. February 6 the whole command was safely over and ready for marching, according to orders, on the morning of the 7th instant.

During the march of the command the greater portion of the time the roads were in an almost impassable condition, so much so that at times it took several hours to pass over a space 1 mile in extent;

