
in addition to that there were numerous parties of guerrillas harassing us in front and rear of the command, so that I was force to move slowly and cautiously.

I have the honor to be, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd New Jersey Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, JR.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,Camp Grierson, near Memphis, Tenn., March 16, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters to furnish an official report of the part taken by my command in the expedition into Mississippi, I have the honor to state as follows:

On the 11th February, 1864, at 2 p.m., broke camp at Collierville, Tenn., 494 enlisted strong, and marched 10 miles toward Moscow, where we halted near the railroad to supply the command with commissary and quartermasters's stores.

February 12, at 2 p.m., resumed the march . Reached Hunsonville at 12 midnight; halted for two hours.

February 13, at 2 a.m., resumed the march to Holly Spring, and at 9 a.m. reached Walker's Mills, 8 miles beyond Holly Springs, where the command camped. Forage scarce in the country, and the people hostile. One man shot dead of my command by guerrillas while foraging.

February 14, are compelled to stop in camp for want of orders from commanding general.

On the 15th receive orders and march at 8 a.m. Reach Tippah River at about 1 p.m. The construction of a temporary bridge consumes six hours. The brigade crosses all right, and my command holding the rear of the column crosses its last man.

February 16, at 5 a.m., march 3 miles toward New Albany, where a halt of two hours was made for the purpose of feeding. Resume the march at 9 a.m., reach New Albany at 10 p.m.

Cross the Tallahatchie, February 17, at 1 a.m. Reach camp 4 miles beyond the Tallahatchie at 2.30 a.m. March at 4 a.m., and having made a junction with the Second and Third Brigades, the First Brigade forms the rear of the division. The entire column marches now at a brisk trot, passes Pontotoc, at 3 p.m., and goes into camp 7 miles beyond it on the Rippley road.

February 18, at 9 a.m., the column resumes its march, the First Brigade holding the center. Reach Okolona about 5 p.m., and go into camp 3 miles on a road leading to Egypt Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

February 19, at 6 a.m., the First Brigade took the front, of which my regiment had the advance. Passed Egypt Station, and took the road leading to Aberdeen. When within 5 miles of Eberdeen, was ordered to countermarch and form the extreme rear of the entire command. Received written orders from the general commanding to shoot any man who should fall out the ranks, as the enemy was believed to be on both flanks, although my flankers had reported to me on the contrary. Adjutant Pierson brought in six large army wagons which he found hidden in the swamps, each one load with

