
I lost in killed but few, in wounded 8 men, besides 2 officers, Captain von Pannwitz and Lieutenant Montgomery seriously. The latter, I am sorry to say, fell into the hands of the enemy, for the reason that no ambulances were on hand to carry him from the field.

The enemy did not molest us in the least. We safely rejoined our column in the brigade, from which we were separated by a motley crowd, who continually were going pouring into the road from each side, seeking to get to the front out of harm's reach. The regiment deployed again one-fourth of a mile beyond Ivey's Hill, where it remained until every regiment had passed to the front with the exception of the Fifth Kentucky, which formed the rear guard. Night having now set in and the enemy entirely quieted, the regiment resumed its ordinary march in the column and reached the vicinity of Pontotoc February 23, at 2 a.m.

At 4.30 the regiment took the advance, and reached New Albany at 3 p.m. Crossed the Tallahatchie, covered the crossing of the entire division, which was accomplished at about 5 p.m. Taking the extreme rear, rejoined the brigade 3 miles northwest of New Albany on the road to Holly Springs. The column still marched 7 miles that night, which brought us within 15 miles of the Tippah River.

February 24, we crossed the river in safety and reached Hudsonville, within 3 miles, where we camped, the horses having had very little or nothing to eat since the day of the engagement near Okolona.

February 25, we reached Collierville.

26th, we crossed Wolf River, got some forage for horses and food for men.

27th, we reached within 3 1/2 miles of Memphis, where on the 28th a sudden cold storm had a pernicious effect upon my horses, which, exhausted by long and continual marching since December 22, 1863, and previous to this date the transportation from Washington, D. C., to Columbus, Ky., had rendered for the most part unserviceable.

The regiment lost by death of the march and in camp the majority of its horses, and of the remaining 161 only 55 can be called serviceable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding Second New Jersey Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph C. Hess, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations January 22-February 17.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Collierville, Tenn., February 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the inclosed journal as my report of the march from Union City, Tenn., to this place.

