
The march was commenced January 22 and concluded February 8, 1864. No incident worthy of note occurred. Our command was frequently fired by guerrillas, but no loss was met with. Our train reached us at Bolivar entire, and, with the exception of some stock, the march was made without loss.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. HESS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Journal of the march of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry from Union City, Tenn., to Collierville, Tenn., January 22 to February 8, 1864:

Friday, January 22, left Union City, Tenn., en route for Collierville, Tenn. Encamped for the night 5 miles beyond Troy. Distance marched, 15 miles.

Saturday, January 23, left camp at 4 a.m. Crossed the Obion River in a flat-boat. Boat capsized, and 7 horses were lost. Afterward in crossing the swamp, 23 horses were lost, making a total loss of 30. Distance marched, 13 miles.

Sunday, January 24, was spent by the command un waiting for the balance of the regiment to cross the Obion. Encamped at Porter's farm.

Monday, January 25, encamped at Porter's farm.

Tuesday, January 26, left Porter's farm and marched via Newbern and Yorkville to within 5 miles of Trenton. Distance marched, 24 miles.

Wednesday, January 27, broke camp and marched via Trenton, and took the Spring Creek road. Distance marched, 17 miles.

Thursday, January 28, broke camp and marched 35 miles. During the day the command frequently crossed the Forked Deer. The advance and rear guard were fired upon.

Friday, January 29, broke camp and marched to Mount Pinson. Distance, 8 miles.

Saturday, January 30, encamped at Mount Pinson. Engaged in repairing the bridge across the North Fork.

Sunday, January 31, encamped at Mount Pinson.

Monday, February 1, encamped at Mount Pinson.

Tuesday, February 2, encamped at Mount Pinson.

Wednesday, February 3, left Mount Pinson and marched to the Hatchie. Distance, 30 miles. Command crossed the same night, and encamped at Bolivar.

Thursday, February 4, encamped at Bolivar.

Friday, February 5, encamped at Bolivar.

Saturday, February 6, broke camp and marched to Kennedy's Mills. Distance, 4 miles.

Sunday, February 7, left Kennedy's Mills and marched to within 5 miles of Macon. Distance marched, 28 miles.

Monday, February 8, marched to Collierville. Distance, 13 miles.

J. C. HESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

