
FORT PICKERING, MEMPHIS, TENN.,

February 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry reached New Albany, Miss., on the morning of the 17th. One hundred men, under Major Holahan, were detached to accompany the expedition under General Smith. The remainder returned the same day to Memphis with prisoners and sick. Passed through Holly Springs on the evening of the 18th, and reached Memphis at 4 p.m., February 20.

The prisoners were delivered over to the provost-marshal, and the regiment ordered to report to Fort Pickering. Guerrillas followed the command the entire route. Two of them were killed.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. HESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 45. Report of Major Amos J. Holahan, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations February 16-27.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT., 19TH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near Memphis, March 14, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to orders received from headquarters First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit to you a report of the part the detachment of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry took in the late expedition:

Orders were received from headquarters Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, on the evening of February 16, directing the detail of 100 picked men, under the charge of the second officer in command, with a sufficient number of officers from the regiment, while the remainder, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hess, were directed to return to Memphis in charge of prisoners.

The detail under my command, assisted by Adjt. N. M. Smith, Captains Berry and Fischer, and Lieutenants Fackenthall, Freeman, and R. C. Allen, left its bivouac on the west bank of the Tallahatchie River at 3 a.m.

February 17, crossed the river, taking the Pontotoc, road. I reached the camp of the First Brigade at daylight. The line of march had already been commenced by order of Colonel Waring. I took my position in the rear of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry. The day was passed without incident of note, having marched about 40 miles.

February 18, resumed the march at 7.30 a.m., and marched to Okolona, reaching there after dark. Distance marched, about 35 miles.

February 19, at 1 a.m., I received orders from Colonel Waring, commanding First Brigade, directing me to proceed with my command at 3 a.m. to Egypt and destroy the railroad and stores at that point. I started punctually at the hour named, and reached

