
Third Brigade at Stevenson, Ala., guarding Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and its bridges between Bridgeport, Ala., and Anderson, Tenn. Four companies of First Brigade are at Caperton's Ferry, on Tennessee River, and one company at Widow's Creek bridge, on railroad.

March 17, the Twenty-ninth Ohio and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of First Brigade, under the general commanding the division, made a reconnaissance to Trenton, Ga. No considerable bodies of the enemy were ascertained to be in the vicinity. Small parties were reported in Will's Valley, and 6 rebel soldiers of Cleburne's division were captured.

March 18, expedition returned.

March 31, an expedition, consisting of the Fifth Ohio and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, of the First Brigade, under Colonel Candy, proceeded down the Tennessee for the purpose of scouring the country and capturing guerrillas reported in the neighborhood. The column has not yet returned, and no intelligence has been received from it up to this date.

During the month the following veteran organizations returned to the command from furlough: Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Brigade, March 8; One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Brigade, March 6, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, First Brigade, March 26; One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Second Brigade, March 9; One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Third Brigade, March 12; Independent Battery E, Pennsylvania Volunteers, March 8. The Twenty-ninth and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, of Second Brigade, and one company of Seventh Ohio, of First Brigade, are still absent. Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery (4 commissioned officers and 92 enlisted men), was relieved from duty with division March 29 by Special Orders, Numbers 16, headquarters chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, March 12, 1864, and Battery B, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery (4 commissioned officers and 184 enlisted men), reported for duty march 28 in pursuance of same order. Division headquarters are at Bridgeport, Ala.

FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.*

JANUARY.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson.

Two regiments-Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania and Twenty-first Wisconsin Volunteers-of the Third Brigade have remained in camp on Lookout Mountain during the month.

January 21, the remainder of the command changed camp from the right of the line to the vicinity of Fort Wood. The following regiments, having re-enlisted as veterans, were furlough during the month to their respective States: The Twenty-first, Thirty-third, and Seventy-fourth Ohio, and the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Indiana.

The division has been engaged during the month on grand guard and fatigue duty.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General John M. Palmer from October 28, 1863, to August 6, 1864.

---------------

