
[CHAP. XLIV.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis.

Camp of the division located near Rossville, Ga.

January 26, a reconnaissance was ordered to the front. The division moved out to Ringgold, where it remained until the 28th, when it marched back to camp.*

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Gustave Kammerling, Ninth Ohio Infantry.

During the month this brigade has laid in camp, doing heavy picket and fatigue duty. The One hundred and first Indiana is stationed at Rossville, picketing the gap there.

January 26, the Thirty-fifth and One hundred and fifth Ohio and Seventy-fifth Indiana, under command of Lieutenant Colonel William O'Brien, Seventy-fifth Indiana, marched to Harrison, returning the 29th.

FEBRUARY.

The First and Third Divisions were encamped at Chattanooga until February 22; Second Division at Rossville, Ga.

February 22, the First and Third Divisions marched to Ringgold, Ga.

February 23, the First Division pushed forward to Tunnel Hill, with slight skirmishing; Second Division moved up to Ringgold, Ga.

February 24, whole corps moved upon the enemy (excepting one brigade of Second Division left to guard gap at Ringgold) and drove the advance of the enemy, with some heavy skirmishing, back to Buzzard Roost Gap.

February 27, the troops retired, First Division to Tyner's Station, Second Division to Rossville, and Third Division to Ringgold, which positions they now hold. Loss during the reconnaissance was slight, considering the amount of work done and strength of the enemy.

MARCH.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson.

The First and third Brigades of the division, together with division headquarters, remained at Tyner's Station, Tenn., until March 19; then marched to Graysville, Ga., situated on Western and Atlantic Railroad, 18 miles southeast of Chattanooga, where Second Brigade has been encamped during the entire month. The Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania and Twenty-first Wisconsin Regiments remained detached on Lookout Mountain during the month; also Second Battalion, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, and Fifteenth Kentucky Infantry at Chattanooga. Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was relieved from duty with division March 12, Special Orders, Numbers 16, current series, chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland. Remaining two batteries-Battery A, First Michigan Artillery, and Battery C, First Illinois Artillery-joined division from Chatta-

---------------

*The Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois on veteran furlough.

---------------

