
Passed Okolona early on the morning of the 22nd, taking the road to Pontotoc. When we had marched some 10 miles on this road, orders were given that a line should be formed by the Second Brigade that the other two brigades might pass by.

By instructions from Brigadier General B. H. Grierson, my command was formed upon a high ridge, the riflemen lying close to the ground and the saber companies formed on the right and left flanks to guard against being outflanked. Until this time the enemy had apparently had their own way until they formed themselves within half circles, where bullets from the five-shooting rifles like hail. They were easily checked, but pursued continuously for some time afterward.

Captain Chas. P. Moore, Company K, who guarded the right flank, and Lieutenant Hamilton, Company M, on the left flank, are deserving of great praise for the part performed by them on this occasion.

About 3 p.m. I was ordered by General Grierson to use my regiment as flankers, and guard the left flank, as a column could then be seen threatening the command in that direction. By some misunderstanding one battalion was left flanking late at night, while the balance had flanked along until it reached the head of the column. The result was that one battalion was in rear and the balance in front, and all in compliance with orders. On reaching the front was ordered by General Grierson to move on until a suitable place could be found on which to halt the command.

At 4 a.m. of 23rd, the command was again in motion on the Pontotoc [road]. During the forepart of the day a small force followed the rear guard to New Albany, where the pursuit by the enemy appears to have ceased.

Nothing of material interest took place until we arrived at Germantown, Tenn., on the afternoon of the 26th.

The casualties during the entire scout were as follows: First day (20th February), 1 killed, 5 wounded; second day (21st February), 6 killed, 18 wounded, 8 missing; third day (22nd February), 1 killed, 4 wounded, 3 missing. Total, 8 killed, 27 wounded, 11 missing. Total, 46.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DATUS E. COON,

Major, Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Lieutenant Isaac W. Curtis, Battery K, First Illinois Light Artillery, of operations February 11-26.

GERMANTOWN, TENN., March 1, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to order received from you, I proceed to give a report of our march on this raid, commencing the 11th of February:

There was nothing of importance transpired more than forming in battery some several times until the 21st, when we formed and fired some 40 rounds in the prairie to cover the retreat of the Second Iowa Regiment, which had kept them (the rebels) in check until they had expended nearly all of their ammunition.

