
300 of the enemy, with a column moving on right flank. Kept up a running fight for two hours, and at a creek 9 miles from New Albany put an effectual stop to the enemy with the assistance of three companies of Fifth Kentucky under Major Cheek; relieved as rear guard by Sixth Illinois, my horses being played out.

My total loss so far as I can learn in 3 killed, 1 wounded mortally, 1 dangerously, and 8 missing.

I would just add that my force in any fighting did not exceed 150 men, and on the 23rd not more than 60. As our movements had to be rapid, I was compelled to keep my worst mounted men with the main column.

I must also report the fact that Captain Lay disgraced the good name of the regiment by retiring with a portion of his company (F) at first fire on both days.* Lieutenants Lucas, Company M, and Shellenberger, Company B, behaved very gallantly. Sergeants Graham, Company F; Onion, Galliher, Kingery, Company H, and Tricket, Company F, were conspicuous for bravery.

Respectfully submitted,

A. B. KIRKBRIDE,

Captain, Commanding Third Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel McCRILLIS.

Numbers 54. Report of Major Henry M. Carr, Seventy-second Indiana Infantry (mounted), of operations February 22.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Germantown, Tenn., February 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement on the 22nd of February, 1864, on the road between Okolona and Pontotoc, Miss.:

In the first line of battle, formed in the town of Okolona, I was ordered by you to dismount the command and support the First Illinois Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Curtis, and to remain there until the rear of the column (then on the march) had passed, which I did. I was then ordered by you to mount my command and resume my place in the column in the order of march, our line having been relieved by the Fourth U. S. Cavalry. A very few minutes after leaving Okolona heavy firing was heard in our rear. General Grierson, being near my regiment at the time, ordered me to dismount the regiment and deploy it along the fence to my left and support the First Illinois Artillery, which was placed in position on the hill in my rear. I did so, remaining there until it was ascertained that a heavy force of the enemy were marching in column on our left flank. Seeing that the artillery had fallen back and that the commands in my front were retiring, I withdrew the regiment, stopping to skirmish with the enemy at every available point on the road, until we passed through the line formed by the Second Brigade. I was then ordered by Lieutenant Ingerton, acting assistant adjutant-general on the staff of General Smith, to move forward and form my

---------------

*Captain Lay appears to have continued on duty with his company, and was mustered out on expiration of term September 5, 1864.

---------------

