
command at the first good position on the right of the road to resist the advance of a column of the enemy who were reported approaching on the right flank. I took the position, supported on my right by 100 men, ordered to report to me from the Second East Tennessee Cavalry, and remained there until ordered by you to form my regiment on the opposite side of the road behind a fence on the crest of a hill. We were scarcely in place before the enemy advanced upon us in heavy force, firing very rapidly. We immediately returned the fire and succeeded in checking the advance, but they kept up a very heavy fire during the whole time we were engaged. Having but thirty-five rounds of cartridges to the man, I withdrew the regiment, as ordered by Captain Perkins, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, as soon as he had succeeded in forming a line in our rear. Captain Kilborn, commanding the company of scouts, operated with my regiment during the engagement and behaved very gallantly.

In this last engagement and during the entire day the officers and men of my command all behaved in a becoming and soldierly manner. The men were perfectly cool and did good execution.

Two of the officers of the enemy were killed, and I am confident their losses were much more serious than ours. In our losses I am very sorry to report the death of Lieutenant Priest, of Company E, who was a very good and gallant officer, and loved by the entire command.* Captain Thomson and Lieutenants Cassell and Sims were wounded, the last two seriously.

The following is the number of killed, wounded, and missing: Killed, 2 (1 officer and 1 enlisted man); wounded, 14 (3 officers and 11 enlisted men); missing, 10 (mostly supposed killed or seriously wounded); total, 26.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. CARR,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant PIKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 55. Report of Major Christopher T. Cheek, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, of operations February 22-23.
HDQRS. FIFTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Germantown, Tenn., February 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the late engagements with the enemy on the 22nd and 23rd instant:

My regiment was first formed in line of battle at Okolona, Miss., February 22, and was withdrawn from the line and ordered forward on the Pontotoc road by Colonel McCrillis, commanding the Third Brigade.

I moved as directed about 2 miles, when I received orders from him to halt, and directly after from General Grierson to form in a

---------------

*Lieutenant Priest was not killed; he was captured and subsequently died in the hands of the enemy.

---------------

