
nooga March 30. Three regiments of division occupy outposts at Parker's Gap, 4 miles southeast of Graysville; remainder of division been engaged in grand guard, fatigue-duty, target, practice, and drill.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis.

This division remained in camp during the month, the First and Second Brigades at McAfee's Church, and Third Brigade at Lee and Gordon's Mills. The troops of the three brigades available for duty of regiments present were reviewed on the 31st by Major-General Thomas.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General John B. Turchin.

Brigade remained in camp at Ringgold, Ga., during the month.

March 10, the Thirty-sixth Ohio was ordered from Chattanooga, Tenn., to Marietta, Ohio, on furlough as veteran volunteers.

March 12, the Seventeenth Ohio Veteran Volunteers rejoined the brigade from furlough. The Thirty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers are on the road between Nashville and Chattanooga, marching to join the brigade.

APRIL.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson.

The division has been encamped during the entire month at Graysville, Ga., brigades alternately performing picket and outpost duty. The Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry and Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry have been stationed on Lookout Mountain, near Chattanooga, Tenn., during the month.

April 8, the Second Battalion, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, detached and hitherto forming part of garrison at Chattanooga, rejoined the division.

During the month the Thirty-third and Seventy-fourth Ohio and Forty-second Indiana Infantry rejoined division from veteran furlough. The Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry absent during entire month on veteran furlough.

Battery A, First Michigan Artillery, was relieved from duty with division, and Battery I, First Ohio Artillery, assigned to division by special field orders, headquarters chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, April, 1864.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis.

The First and Second Brigades at camp near Rossville, and Third Brigade at Lee and Gordon's Mills, Ga., during the month.

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Ferdinand Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

The brigade has been lying in camp at Ringgold Gap all this month, picketing the east front. No marches or scouts of any importance have been made, except on Friday, the 29th, when four regiments of

