
manner. Individuals cannot be singled out where each did all the could. The list of casualties in my command is slight. It is as follows.*

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHEEK,

Major, Commanding Fifth Kentucky Cavalry Vols.

Lieutenant R. W. PIKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 56. Report of Major William R. McBath, Second Tennessee Cavalry, of operations February 10-26.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND EAST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Germantown, Tenn., February 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor very respectfully to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Tennessee Cavalry in the late expedition under General William S. Smith into the State of Mississippi:

Leaving Collierville on the 10th instant with the rest of the brigade, we proceeded on our route, doing the usual amount of picket duty and occasionally some slight skirmishing with the enemy, nothing of particular interest, however, occurring in the earlier part of our march.

At New Albany, where we crossed the Tallahatchie, being in the advance of the column, we captured 6 prisoners and sent them to the rear.

Passing through Pontotoc, the brigade camped on the night of the 18th instant within 3 miles of Okolona, and on the morning of the 19th Major Prosser received orders to move with 200 men, at 5.30 a.m., to the southwest, in the direction of Houston, while the brigade moved directly south, in the direction of Pikeville; then turn to the left and rejoin the brigade near Egypt.

Moving according to instructions, he came upon a scouting party of rebels, 3 miles from camp, numbering 25 or 30, but as they were well mounted could capture nothing but their pack-mules. One and one-halt miles farther, drove in their pickets at the forks of the Pontotoc, Okolona, and Houston roads, and going 5 miles farther toward Houston turned to the left on the Buena Vista road, and after marching 6 miles came upon the pickets of General Gholson's camp, at the forks of the Okolona, Pontotoc, Buena Vista, and Houston roads, 10 miles south of Okolona.

General Gholson's brigade had been camped at this place, but had all moved in the direction of West Point except General Gholson and about 400 men. His pickets were aware of Major Prosser's approach and were prepared to contest his advance, but after some warm skirmishing they were driven in. The whole command was routed from their camp and pursued about 2 miles in the direction of West Point.

The designs of the enemy to concentrate at West Point having

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 officers and 3 men wounded and 3 men missing.

---------------

