
Altogether the officers and men deserve credit for cool conduct and good behavior under the most trying circumstances.

Our loss as far as reported is 15, including Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, supposed to be mortally wounded,* while the others are all believed to have been either killed or wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. McBATH,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant PIKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Report of Major John B. Minnis, Third Tennessee Cavalry, of operations February 10-26.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Germantown, Tenn., February 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Tennessee Cavalry in the recent expedition under General W. Sooy Smith into Mississippi:

Leaving Collierville, Tenn., on the 10th instant with the brigade, this regiment accompanied it during the entire march, performing its part of the picket duty, scouting, &amp;c., until proceeding as far as West Point, and returning to within 3 miles of Okolona, where the brigade encamped on the night of the 21st instant.

On the morning of the 22nd, I was ordered to follow the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, the Second Tennessee Cavalry bringing up the rear of the brigade. For 3 miles before reaching Okolona, the Second Tennessee Cavalry skirmished with the enemy. At Okolona you offered battle.

In accordance with your orders, this regiment was formed on the left flank. The enemy were maneuvering in front of us, and the men coolly awaited their advance. Immediately I received orders from you to withdraw my men in column of fours, move forward, and keep well closed up. In obeying this order, and while moving rapidly to close up, for the advance regiments were moving very fast, the rear of my regiment was fired into by the enemy, and heavy firing was heard to the left of my rear, and simultaneously the enemy passed each flank and commenced firing into the advance regiments. At the same time the Second Tennessee and Fourth U. S. Cavalry, with much confusion, pressed upon my rear, and many passed through my column.

Receiving orders from you a second time to move forward, I was assigned by you to position on the right of the road, which was held until I received orders from you to fall back in column, as a heavy force of the enemy was moving to cut me off from the main column.

In withdrawing my men this time, by force of circumstances they became more of less mixed with those from other regiments. I however continued to keep a goodly number of them together, and alternately fought and fell back until I received orders from you to

---------------

*He survived his wounds.

---------------

