
pass through the Second Brigade and rally my men, which being accomplished I was placed, by order of General Smith, on the right flank, and repulsed the advancing enemy on said flank just previous to the repulse of the enemy in the [front] and on the left flank. No engagement took place after this in which this regiment was engaged worthy of notice.

The loss sustained by this regiment in killed, wounded, and missing was 5, viz, 2 wounded and 3 missing.

I trust you will consider the inexperience of the major commanding and the men under him in the field, and give justice to all.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. MINNIS,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. W. PIKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 58. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jacob M. Thornburgh, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, of operations February 10-26.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Germantown, Tenn., February 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry while detached from the brigade at Pontotoc and near Red Land, also at Prairie Station, and during the engagement at Okolona:

At Pontotoc, by your order, I sent Major Blackman, with one battalion, to make a feint on the Oxford road, while I advanced with part of the other in the direction of Coffeeville. Having proceeded about 4 miles and finding no road leading from Coffeeville to Red Land, I returned to Pontotoc, united the command, and overtook the brigade at camp.

At 3 o'clock next morning, according to your order, I moved forward on the Houston road to cover the move of our forces toward Okolona. Finding the enemy's picket at the junction of the Okolona and Houston roads, I dismounted 100 men, together with a detachment of the Third Illinois, under Lieutenant [S. T. Lucas?], and drove the enemy toward Houston into a swamp about one-half mile beyond the junction of the roads. Then throwing out a few mounted men on both flanks, I advanced through the swamp, skirmishing with the enemy over a small stream, and repaired the bridge, I crossed the stream and came on the camp of the enemy, about 4 miles from our camp, and drove then off without loss on our side.

At this point I received orders to fall back in rear of the brigade, which I did, marching in rear of the brigade throughout the day.

Near Prairie Station I was ordered to proceed to the railroad, tear the same up, and destroy all property belonging to the rebel government.

At the station I found 4 freight-cars loaded with flour and meal and 28 pens of corn, also the depot filled with corn, all of which I burned. I then tore up the track and bent the rails by burning

