
of erection. The guns in position opened fire, two of the shots attacking effect on one of the gun-boats. After dropping back and making more careful observations, they returned to their anchorage at Goosey's Mill.

Taking as a basis the above expressed observations of the gun-boats and information gathered from other sources, I was satisfied that a much larger force was in position there than was anticipated, and fearing they might plant a battery in my rear at Liverpool (the best point on the river for the erection of a battery), I ordered a return of the fleet to our present position, which we reached at an early hour this morning, not, however, without being fired on with musketry at Liverpool, without in any manner damaging us.

I would further respectfully state that the Emma Boyd was ordered by the naval officer to report to Vicksburg, Miss., with dispatches, and having a messenger on board destined for General Sherman, I took the liberty of making to him a full report of the operations and prospects of the expedition.

I have ordered that at daylight to-morrow morning (7th instant) two gun-boats shall proceed up the river as far as they can possibly reach, and in the mean time I propose sending a force of infantry, with such cavalry as I have, to engage the enemy at Liverpool, it being represented that the force there consists of the Sixth Texas Rangers and half of some other Texas regiment.

Respectfully,

JAS. H. COATES,

Colonel, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, and Commanding Land Forces, Yazoo River Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The steamer Hastings leaves here to-morrow morning on business connected with the Treasury Department, and on her I send my wounded to Vicksburg.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, ON STEAMER DES MOINES,One Mile below Yazoo City, February 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to respectfully forward report of proceedings of Yazoo River expedition from last report to present date:

When last reporting I occupied the position at Goosey's Mill until the morning of the 7th instant. We dropped down the river to a short distance below Satartia. As the enemy were observed on the bluffs near the town, I disembarked my whole force and deployed the Eighth Louisiana Infantry, African descent, as skirmishers. The Eleventh Illinois Infantry formed in division as reserve, and gradually engaged the enemy, he rallying and moving by the left flank and toward their main body near Liverpool. At 5.30 o'clock I signaled my force to fall back to the transports, and after securing myself against surprise and stationing a strong picket remained for the night.

The following morning (February 8), at the suggestion of Captain Owen, commanding gun-boat fleet, I awaited the appearance of the gun-boat Louisville, which was hourly expected, and not making

