
[CHAP. XLIV.

the brigade, under the brigade commander, supported the advance and covered the withdrawal of a cavalry reconnaissance under Brigadier-General Kilpatrick.

TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS.

APRIL.

Twentieth Army Corps, commanded by Major General Joseph Hooker.

This corps was organized from the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps by Special Field Orders, Numbers 105, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, April 14, 1864,* as follows:

The First Division, Brigadier General A. S. Williams commanding, by the consolidation of the First Division, Twelfth Army Corps, and First Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps, with the Forty-fifth New York Volunteers.

The Second Division, Brigadier General John W. Geary commanding, by the consolidation of the Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, and the First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps, with the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers.

The Third Division, Major General Daniel Butterfield commanding, by the consolidation of the First Division and the Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps, with the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin and Twentieth Connecticut.

The Fifty-eighth and Sixty-eighth New York Volunteers and Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the Eleventh Corps, transferred to the Fourth Division, which has, by Special Field Orders, Numbers 192, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, been detached from the corps and ordered to report direct to department headquarters. No reports have been received from it.

The First Division until the 28th was stationed along the line of communications from Murfreesborough to Tantalon. The Third Brigade between Bridgeport and Shellmound, with detachments at Tracy City and Shelbyville. At that date command marched to the front.

The Second Division, First and Third Brigade, stationed on railroad between Tantalon and Bridgeport; Second Brigade in Lookout Valley.

The Third Division, First and Third Brigades, in Lookout Valley; the Second Brigade en route from Nashville to join the division.

April 12, pursuant to orders from department headquarters, General Geary, commanding [Second] Division, with the Seventh and Sixty-sixth Ohio, detachments of the Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania, and a section of Battery E, Pennsylvania Volunteers, proceeded down the Tennessee on the steam-boat Chickamauga, for the purpose of examining the river-banks from Bridgeport to Decatur and destroying all beats not needed until approaching Guntersville, where a considerable body of rebel cavalry was found drawn up. A detachment of infantry was landed and advanced to meet the enemy, and our artillery opened on him from the boat, when he fled into the town, from which he

---------------

*In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 144, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, April 4, 1864. Commanded by Major General Joseph Hooker to July 27, 1864.

---------------

