
men were wounded in this affair, the names, &amp;c., of which please find inclosed.

From this point I proceeded up the river without interruption to within 6 miles of Yazoo City, where I remained during the following day, when I suggested to Captain Owen, commanding gun-boat squadron, to move two of his boats to Yazoo City to reconnoiter, which was accordingly done. They returned in a few hours, reporting the enemy in heavy force in that place, and were fired upon with artillery, two shots taking effect in one of the boats; also reporting five guns in position and one in course of erection. I have since learned that but two pieces of artillery were there, and but a small force of infantry.

Fearing a night attack, I moved down the river again nearly to Liverpool, where I remained until the following morning, when I learned from god authority that the main body of the enemy had left for Benton. I then moved a short distance up the river, when I observed men moving on the bluffs in the vicinity. I immediately disembarked a sufficient force, moving forward a line of skirmishers (with reserves at a proper distance), until we had full possession of the heights, exchanging but few shots, the enemy retreating on their horses back toward the interior. Fearing the small force I had disembarked would move too far from the boats, I ordered the proper signal to be given to return to the transports.

The following morning I moved up the river without interruption, and on the evening of the 9th February took possession of Yazoo City.

I had disembarked my small force of cavalry on the west side of the river with orders to move up to a point immediately opposite the city. They succeeded in capturing a small body of pickets, which had been left by the enemy, and which were duly forwarded to General McArthur by the next boat.

The following day (February 10), Colonel E. D. Osband arrived from Haynes' Bluff with the balance of his regiment of cavalry, making a very effective force of about 250 men.

At daylight of the morning of the 11th February, I moved up the river, arriving without interruption from the enemy until on the 13th February, when near the head of Honey Island, about 60 Confederate soldiers were observed ahead and on the right bank of the river. I immediately ordered Colonel Osband to disembark with his command and engage them, moving my transports at the same time at supporting distance and my men ready to disembark immediately. The enemy fled back from the river, closely followed by Colonel Osband, who skirmishers with them as long as he considered it prudent to do so, when he returned to the boats, having had 3 men wounded and losing a few horses killed, but had used the enemy severely and succeeded in capturing 3 prisoners. I moved from this point and arrived at Greenwood, Miss., at 9 p.m. on the 14th February, having moved with great caution as far as Fort Pemberton, but found it evacuated.

On the morning of the 16th February, I ordered Colonel Osband with his regiment of cavalry to proceed to Grenada, unless he found the enemy in too strong force. He returned the following day and reported having been within 5 miles of Grenada, and had learned that it was occupied by General Forrest with his command, but who was reported as moving out from that place.

I remained at Greenwood until the morning of February 19 (securing

