
the fort. He had kept up a continuous fire of artillery and small-arms, in which our loss was very severe.

About 2 p.m. my force made a desperate charge through the streets, completely routing the enemy and pursuing them entirely through the town and beyond the breast-works in the left, my single piece of artillery doing fine execution.

The force around and engaged with Major McKee, perceiving their right falling back in disorder, fell into confusion and began to retreat in great disorder, and the major, with only 6 men, sallied from the fort and with loud cheers actually turned the flank of one entire regiment.

The enemy now fell back out of range, and his losses must have been very severe, they admitting the loss of over 40 killed, and their ambulances could be seen constantly employed.

My casualties of this and previous engagements during the expedition please find inclosed.*

Before the engagement of the 5th instant, I had received a communication from General Ross, of which please find copies with answer inclosed; also copy of communication from General Richardson, received immediately after the engagement, and answer inclosed.

I cannot close this report without expressing my heartfelt thanks and unbounded admiration for the very able support afforded me by the brave Major George C. McKee and the officers and men of his command; to Major J. B. Cook, First Mississippi Cavalry, African descent, and the officers and men of his command; to Lieutenant Colonel F. E. Peebles, Eighth Louisiana Infantry, African descent, and officers and men composing his command, and would respectfully call your attention to the bravery, coolness, and ability of these officers. To Captain N. C. Kenyon, Company K; Adjt. H. H. Deane, Lieutenant J. W. Brewster, acting regimental quartermaster; Lieutenant Charles A. Peironnet, Company E, all of the Eleventh Illinois Infantry, I am under particular obligations. They formed my staff, and acted with all the energy, bravery, coolness, and determined perservance in the discharge of their arduous duties as they ever have been noted for. To Lieutenant Orton Ingersoll, Company A, Eleventh Regiment, and the brave men of his command (who were detailed for provost guard, and for a long time during the engagement were the only company in the streets of the city), I desire to bespeak your most considerate attention. During the advance of the enemy into the city, this company held greatly superior numbers in check and disputed every inch of ground.

I neglected to report in the proper place, that at about 11 a.m. on the 5th instant, when I found my position somewhat closely pressed, I dispatched the transport Sir William Wallace to Liverpool (24 miles) to bring the command (or as much as could be spared) of Colonel Crandal, Tenth Louisiana, African descent, stationed at that point, but for some cause they did not arrive at Yazoo City until after the fight was over.

Upon Sunday evening, 6th instant, the transports South Western, Mars, and Emerald arrived, bringing orders from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps to embark all the force, stores, &amp;c., and again disembarking the force at Liverpool. Marching from thence, leaving the troops belonging at Haynes' Bluff at that point, and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 31 killed, 121 wounded, and 31 missing.

---------------

