
(Answer.)

To this demand no written reply was made. The verbal statement sent to General Ross by Colonel Jones, Third [Ninth] Texas (bearer of flag), "That General Ross was a greater philanthropist than myself, and for him to take down his white flag as soon as he reached his lines."

GEO. C. McKEE,

Major Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Yazoo City, March 6, 1864.

Colonel COATES,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Yazoo City, Miss.:

COLONEL: Major James G. Thurmand and Lieutenant Rainey, and probably other officers and men of my command, were killed yesterday in Yazoo City, and not brought off the field. I send ambulances for the purpose of bringing to these headquarters their remains, which I request you to permit.

When I captured your wounded yesterday, in all about 30 in one house, I did not allow them to be molested, although I could have brought some away with me. I hope you will treat my wounded that my have fallen into your hands with like humanity.

I have about 20 of your men as prisoners I would like to exchange for any of my men you may have, and suggest that a commission from each side could meet between our picket-lines for the purpose. If the proposition meets your approbation, you will indicate the time and place in reply to my officer bearing flag of truce.

I ask that one of my surgeons be allowed to visit my wounded men and officers in your possession to-day and dress their wounds if necessary. Captain W. E. Reneau, assistant inspector-general of my staff, with escort of men and ambulance train, will bear this communication under flag of truce.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Yazoo City, Miss., March 6, 1864.

Brigadier General R. V. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, near Yazoo City:

GENERAL: Your communication this a.m., per flag of truce, just received, and I hasten to reply.

I would respectfully state that your dead have been decently interred and your wounded properly and tenderly cared for, and as there can be no necessity for your surgeon and ambulance corps I decline receiving them.

As to the proposition of exchange, if I mistake not a cartel has been agreed upon in which certain parties and places have been named for such exchange; and as [neither] General Richardson, C. S. Army, nor Colonel Coates, U. S. Volunteers, have been named as the parties, nor Yazoo City the point for such exchange, I must respectfully decline your proposition.

I am, general, respectfully,

JAS. H. COATES,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Yazoo City, Miss.

