
was soon dislodged, the town falling into possession. A rebel mail was also captured there by us. The expedition next proceeded down to Whitesburg, gaining information of the enemy's whereabouts, and thence down toward Triana, where on the north side a force fully equal to ours was discovered drawn up in line, and on the south side was seen a much larger force with a piece of artillery. Information had been received at the bluffs, where we destroyed a large boat, that the enemy expected a battery of artillery at Triana. Owing to the insufficient character of the defenses of the boats, the machinery being utterly unprotected, and the fact that numbers of lives would be lost without accomplishing any material object if we attempted to pass through the narrows in opposition to the enemy, it was resolved to head upstream and regain Guntersville as soon as possible, the expedition having got within 14 miles of Decatur.

April 13, the expedition reached Whitesburg on its return in the evening and examined the north bank of the river on the passage.

April 15, reached Bridgeport about 2 a.m., having destroyed 47 boats and captured 4 prisoners, with but 3 casualties on our side. Important information was also gleaned of movements of the enemy on both banks of the river.

CAVALRY.*

JANUARY.

First Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry.

January 1 and 2, in camp at Talbott's Station, Tenn.

January 3, the division moved back to Mossy Creek 3 miles, and remained in camp until the 14th. Weather very cold and snowy.

Officers and men suffering severely for lack of tents or other shelter and of clothing. During this time foraging and scouting parties sent to the front captured over 50 of the enemy and killed and wounded several in the different skirmishes that took place.

January 14, marched in rear of Garrard's and Wolford's divisions of cavalry (Army of Ohio) to Dandridge; 10 miles.

January 15, remained in camp.

January 16, at 12 m. marched on Morristown road, the enemy's cavalry falling back to near Kimbrough's Cross-Roads, where their infantry was discovered in strong force. The division returned, found Wolford being pressed back on the right of Morristown road, and, forming upon his left, drove the enemy back some distance. Our casualties, 2 killed and 6 wounded; enemy's loss not known.

January 17, at 1 p.m. the enemy advanced with heavy columns of infantry, attacking picket-post of Second Brigade, on the right of Morristown road. The brigade formed on the picket-line, and despite the several attempts of the enemy, made with overwhelming numbers of infantry, to gain possession of the wooded eminence, they were repulsed, and after the third attempt ceased. Their colors fell three times in one advance. Their solid, heavy columns suffered severely from the deliberate, well-directed fire of our men. This was the first occasion upon which the division had met the enemy's infantry, and here they successfully repulsed the flower of Long-

---------------

*Commanded by Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott.

---------------

3 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

