
Numbers 60. Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, Brigadier General Isaac F. Shepard, commanding, February 10-29.

February 10, detachments of Companies A, B, C, D, E, and F, First Mississippi Cavalry, amounting to about 260 men, under command of Colonel E. D. Osband, marched to Yazoo City, Miss., and joined Yazoo expedition, commanded by Colonel James H. Coates, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, and moved up with the expedition to Greenwood, Miss.

February 14, met Colonel Forrest's rebel cavalry, and routed them after an engagement of half an hour's duration.

February 16, marched to a point within 8 miles of Grenada, and finding General Forrest's division (rebels) returned, moved down the river with the expedition.

February 28, entered Yazoo City at 2 p.m., finding no enemy. Major Cook and 50 men of Companies C and D were sent toward Benton, 6 miles out; run into Ross' Texas cavalry brigade and was compelled to retreat, enemy closely following. Captain Cook, Company E, severely wounded, 8 men killed, 10 missing, and 3 wounded.

On February 11, the brigade moved from Haynes' Bluff to Snyder's Bluff, a distance of about 2 1/2 miles, the later being a stronger and more easily defended position.

February 29, Colonel F. M. Crandal, in command of about 700 men of his own regiment (Tenth Louisiana) and the Third Mississippi, started on an expedition to Liverpool, on Yazoo River, to keep open communication between Yazoo City and Vicksburg.

Numbers 61. Organization of the Army commanded by Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army, February 20, 1864.

ESCORT.

Louisiana Company, Lieutenant P. M. Kenner.

LORING'S DIVISION.*

Major General WILLIAM W. LORING.

Featherston's Brigade.

Brigadier General WINFIELD S. FEATHERSTON.

3rd Mississippi, Colonel T. A. Mellon.

22nd Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Reid.

31st Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel M. D. L. Stephens.

33rd Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Drake.

1st Mississippi Sharpshooters, Major Jas. M. Stigler.

Alabama Battery, Captain Stephen Charpentier.

Adams' Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN ADAMS.

1st Confederate Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel George H. Forney.

6th Mississippi, Colonel Robert Lowry.

14th Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Doss.

15th Mississippi, Colonel M. Farrell.

20th Mississippi, Colonel William N. Brown.

26th Mississippi, Colonel Arthur E. Reynolds.

Lookout (Tenn). Artillery, Captain Robert L. Barry.

---------------

*The return reports four batteries with this division; the fourth was probably Cowan's Mississippi Battery.

---------------

