
DEMOPOLIS, February 22, 1864.

The success of my cavalry in preventing a junction of the enemy's two columns appears to have broken up his campaign.

The following dispatch just received:

LAUDERDALE, February 22, 1864-3 p.m.

General POLK:

The latest reliable information is that the enemy left the Mobile and Ohio Railroad in two columns-one from Meridian going to Decatur and the other from this place going to Herbert to meet at Union, and go thence to Carthage and to Canton.

R. O. PERRIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

At last advices General Forrest had the enemy's column of cavalry between the Sakatonchee and the Tombigbee, and was holding it there for the arrival of General Lee. The latter would join him with his column perhaps to-day. I confidently expect a satisfactory result. I move my infantry forward in the morning. Two of General Hardee's brigades have arrived.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

(Same to General J. E. Johnston, Dalton, Ga.)

DEMOPOLIS, February 22, 1864.

I have kept you advised by telegraph of the enemy's movements since the left Vicksburg. From several reliable sources I have heard it was the enemy's intention to move from Vicksburg, through Jackson and Meridian, upon Montgomery, Ala., breaking up the railroads as he went. It is reported as coming from General Sherman that the campaign was ordered by General Grant, and that he regarded it as a foolish one. It certainly has not been a successful one. The vigorous action of my cavalry under General Lee kept him so closed up that he could not spread out and forage. As an evidence of this, a drove of hogs of mine was on the way east and pursued a route within 6 miles on an average of his line of march without molestation and have arrived safely. He was deprived entirely of the rolling-stock of all the roads between the Pearl and Tombigbee Rivers, as well as of the use of all the valuable stores which had been accumulated at depots on those roads, and, finally, of the services of his cavalry column. This last deprivation was fatal to the further prosecutiion of his campaign, and as reported to the adjutant and inspector general by telegraphic dispatch to-day, he seems to have given it up and gone back toward the Mississippi.

I have reason to believe that the combinations now operating against his cavalry force will succeed in breaking and routing, if not even crushing it. If this should be the result, my cavalry will be ordered to fall upon the enemy's flanks and rear, and press and harass him as long as he is in the field. I shall pursue him with my infantry in the morning, taking such a course as will enable me to act most effectively.

