
[CHAP. XLIV.

street's rebel corps. Our casualties were 48 killed, wounded, and missing. The division captured 21 prisoners and many dead and wounded. The enemy subsequently acknowledged to citizens of Dandridge a loss of 340 killed, wounded, and missing. The First Brigade was not engaged. Our line was maintained until 11 p.m, when under orders from General Elliott, chief of cavalry, Department of the Cumberland, division fell back over the Mossy Creek and New Market roads, bringing off all our killed, wounded, transportation, &amp;c. Division marched to McKinney's Ford, Holston River, crossed and proceeded via Strawberry Plains to Flat Creek, arriving 2 p.m. of January 18; 20 miles.

January 19, marched via Knoxville recrossed Holston river at Knoxville, and 12 miles on Sevierville road; 24 miles.

January 20, marched to Cannon's house on Pigeon River, 3 miles from Sevierville; 14 miles.

January 21, marched by Flat Creek road to Jim Evans' Ford, on French Broad River; 15 miles. Picketed French Broad at different fords. Enemy's cavalry on north bank of the river.

January 22, scouts captured 19 prisoners and 4 wagons, part of forage party of the enemy, near Wilsonville.

January 23, moved to Muddy Creek; 3 miles. Detachments of the Second Brigade captured 15 prisoners.

January 24, camped at Muddy Creek; detachment of the First Brigade made a reconnaissance to the mouth of Nola Chucky River French Broad and Nola Chucky Rivers fordable at almost every point.

January 25, under orders from General Sturgis, chief of cavalry, Department of the Ohio, moved back via Fair Garden and Sevierville to Cannon's house, on the Pigeon River.

January 26, at 5 p.m. enemy discovered advancing on Fair Garden road. Division was advanced beyond Sevierville to west of Middle Fork of Pigeon River, enemy opening on our line with artillery.

January 27, at daylight Campbell's (First) brigade was advanced across Middle Fork of Pigeon River at Hodsden's house, driving the enemy from their strong position west of Big East Pigeon to the east bank of the latter fork, Colonel La Grange's (Second) brigade being sent to the left on Stafford's road, which intersects Fair Garden road about 2 miles from Fair Garden. Enemy's new position was a strong one in the timber, and with their largely superior numbers (being two divisions Morgan's and Armstrong's, under command of General Martin, chief of cavalry) they made stubborn resistance to the advance of the division, but they were steadily driven with great loss, and at the intersection of the Stafford and Fair Garden roads detachments of Second and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, led by Colonel La Grange, completed the rout that had already begun by a dashing saber charge, capturing two 3-inch rifled Rodman guns, the battle-flag of General Morgan, his body-servant, and a large number of prisoners, and sabered several of the cannoneers and supports. The regimental colors of the Thirty-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry and a silk American flag in the possession of the rebels were also recaptured. Morgan's rebel division was thoroughly broken, routed, and dispersed. Division captured 112 prisoners, 11 being commissioned officers, 2 of the latter being regimental commanders. The enemy left a large number of dead and wounded in our hands, and their loss must have been over 350. Our casualties, 28 killed and wounded; no troops but those of the division were engaged.

