
DEMOPOLIS, February 23, 1864.

The following dispatches just received:*

LAUDERDALE STATION, 22ND.

Scouts from Daleville report the enemy have all left the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Column from Marion marched 3 miles west of Daleville. The column from Meridian is moving west to form junction with column from Marion at Union, which is 30 miles west of Daleville, thence by way of Carthage to Canton. It is thought a small force has been sent by way of De Kalb to burn government corn at that place.

R. O. PERRIN,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

LINE CREEK, 9 MILES SOUTHWEST OF WEST POINT,

February 22, 1864-10 a.m.

Arrived here at daylight. Enemy are retiring rapidly. General Forrest is pursuing, and at last report is 16 miles above West Point. He does not know yet whether they are trying to join Sherman via Houston and Greensborough or not. Have halted my command till I hear further from him. It is in position to intercept raiders unless they are off for Memphis, which I think is the case. Their force was overrated, I think.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

From the above and other dispatches, all of the same tenor, preceding these, I think it now certain that the campaign of the enemy is broken up. He must go beyond Pearl River, and I shall pursue him with my cavalry and follow with infantry, re-establishing my former lines as nearly as practicable. Is it your wish that General Hardee's column be employed in operations farther west?

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.

DEMOPOLIS, February 23, 1864.

May head of column has moved upon a line pursued by the enemy to-day. General Hardee's troops are supplied with transportation as fast as they arrive. They come in slowly. The whole of the first division not yet in. I will press the whole force forward as rapidly as possible. You will have heard from my dispatch of this morning that the enemy's infantry are retreating from Meridian toward Pearl River; also that his cavalry has been foiled and are in retreat westward likewise. My cavalry have orders to pursue; my infantry will follow. In my dispatch of this morning I asked your views as to how far west I might take my re-enforcements. You are acquainted with the country.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond.

---------------

*Copy sent to General Lee, at Gainesville, February 23.

---------------

