
January 28, advanced with Garrard's and Wolford's divisions to Swann's Island Ford, French Broad River; Wolford being engaged, La Grange's (Second) brigade was advanced to his support. Our casualties, 2 killed and 4 wounded. Under orders from General Sturgis returned to Hodsden's house, Middle Ford of Pigeon River.

January 29, marched to Wear's Cove, Tenn.; 16 miles.

January 30, to this station; 12 miles. Third Brigade detached, during the month in Department of the Cumberland.

Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana Infantry (mounted).

Division headquarters remained in camp at Pulaski, Tenn., from the 1st to the 12th. During this time the following regiments of the division re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, and returned home on furlough; Fifth Iowa and Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, of the First Brigade; First, Third, and Fourth Ohio Cavalry, of the Second Brigade, and Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, of the Third Brigade. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry, First Brigade, and Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, Third Brigade, were detached with General Smith, chief of cavalry, Division of the Mississippi. Division headquarters, with part of the Third Brigade and Chicago Board of Trade Battery, moved on the 12th to Huntsville, Ala., and remained there during the month. Detachments of regiments belonging to the different brigades of the division were actively engaged during the latter part of the month on scouting expeditions into East Tennessee and Northern Georgia. Headquarters Second Brigade remained in camp at Calhoun, Tenn. Colonel Long, commanding post, engaged in building a pontoon bridge and constructing two ferries across the Hiwassee River. Scouting parties were frequently sent out, capturing many prisoners and picking up numbers of deserters.

January 25, part of the Third Brigade had a sharp engagement with a brigade of the enemy, under General Johnson, near Florence, Ala., driving him across the Tennessee River with considerable loss.

First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

January 1, the brigade was at Pulaski, Tenn., but was soon dispersed by the regiments going home on veteran furloughs, &amp;c.

January 5, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry moved, in compliance with orders from Brigadier General W. S. Smith, from Pulaski, and arrived at Corinth, Miss., January 10.

January 11, it left Corinth by railroad and reached La Grange, Tenn., the next day.

January 12, the headquarters of the brigade started for Huntsville, Ala., where it arrived on the 14th, and remained for the rest of the month.

January 26, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry left La Grange and marched to Collierville, Tenn., where it remained until February 1. The Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry left Pulaski, Tenn., on the 2nd, having re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, and proceeded to Nashville, where it remained until the 18th.

On the 25th it arrived at Harrisburg, Pa., via Cairo, Ill.

On the 27th was furloughed for thirty days.

The Fourth Michigan Cavalry, the detachment under Major Robbins, on courier duty between Harrison and Calhoun, Tenn., on the

