
[CHAP. XLIV.

4th reported to Colonel Long, at Calhoun, and marched with his brigade to Cleveland and Charleston. From the 12th to the 21st it was on picket at Columbus; from the 21st to the 31st on duty at Calhoun. The detachment under Major Gray left Pulaski on the 9th and on the 19th arrived at Rossville, Ga.; 160 miles.

During the remainder of the month this detachment was employed in scouting the country in connection with the Twenty-eighth Kentucky Regiment, all being under the command of Colonel Boone, Twenty-eighth Kentucky. It was engaged in one or two slight skirmishes.

The Fifth Iowa Cavalry left Pulaski, Tenn., on the 7th, having re-enlisted. Moved to Nashville, where it remained for the balance of the month, being delayed in getting the veteran bounties. The Third Indiana Cavalry was stationed for the most of the month at Maryville, near Knoxville, E. Tenn. It has made no report of its marches or actions.

Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

January 1, this brigade in camp at Calhoun, E. Tenn., Colonel Long commanding the post.

January 3, Captain Beebe reported with part of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery for temporary duty with the brigade.

January 6, the Fourth Michigan Cavalry returned to Calhoun from courier duty at Cleveland, the courier-line to Chattanooga having been withdrawn and a line was established to Cotton Port, connecting with Washington, on the north side of the Tennessee River. The Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry was relieved from duty with this brigade on the 10th, and marched for Nashville on the 11th.

About the 15th instant Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, started for Nashville wit the veterans of the detachments of the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio, who had been left at Woodville, Ala., in November. Remained at Calhoun the rest of the month. During the month two ferries were constructed and a pontoon bridge built across the Hiwassee connecting Calhoun with Charleston. A number of prisoners were taken by scouting parties and the pickets, and many deserters came into the post.

Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Smith D. Atkins, Ninety-second lllinois Infantry (mounted).

January 12, left Pulaski, and on the 14th established brigade headquarters at Huntsville, Ala.

January 25, engaged a brigade of the enemy under General Johnson near Florence, Ala., and drove him to the south side of the Tennessee River; loss, 9 wounded.

January 30, established brigade headquarters at Triana, Ala.

FEBRUARY.

First Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry.

February 8, encamped at Maryville, E. Tenn.

February 9, marched to Motley's Ford, Little Tennessee River; 8 miles.

