
CUBA, February 18, 1864-2.20 p.m.

The scouts report that the Demopolis Railroad is destroyed for about 10 miles from Meridian. The Federals went back to Old Marion last night, and the indications are that they are returning to Meridian this morning. I have not been able to stop or hear of my train for five days. If Major Quaite, quartermaster, and Captain Clark, ordnance officer, are at Demopolis, please order ammunition wagons, both artillery and small-arms, to vicinity of Scooba Station. I need about 300 rounds of 3-inch rifle, and ammunition for short Enfield, Austrian, and Sharps rifles. Please send it if Clark has not arrived. Captain Clark had to go by Enterprise, and left there on morning of 15th for Demopolis. Colonel Perrin is left here. I will remain here several hours to hear from you.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General POLK.

GAINESVILLE, February 20, 1864-9.30 a.m.

GENERAL: My command (two brigades with me) is moving toward Macon and will encamp 10 miles from there to-night. Jackson's two brigades are at Macon this morning. Forrest is moving from Starkville toward Columbus this morning. Yankees were at Aberdeen yesterday evening. Should enemy cross and make for Selma I will intercept them if Forrest does not. You had better have Selma guarded. Colonel Perrin reports enemy had advanced on him up Demopolis Railroad and from Lauderdale Depot, still burning railroad. Please order Major Quaite to keep his train in a safe place east of the Tombigbee. Have sent him orders; he may not have received them. Forrest needs ammunition, caliber .54; at least 50,000 rounds. Can hear nothing of my ordnance train yet. Inclosed find latest from Forrest and Perrin. The command passed 8 miles west of this place.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Demopolis.
HEADQUARTERS,Macon, Miss., February 21, 1864.

Yours of 10 a.m. 20th just received. Forrest reports 20th, 8 p.m., his forces on south of the Sakatonchee, and thinks he can hold them in check between that stream and the Tombigbee and avoid, a general engagement a day and longer there, and also at Line Creek, until I get up. The force of the enemy moved from Aberdeen to West Point yesterday. Their force is 6,000 or 8,000 under General Smith. Two of my brigades left here this morning for Starkville via Artesia; other two now passing through town for Starkville direct. Forrest is confident, and everything looks cheering. My command will be well up to-night. The force of the enemy that went to Enterprise was about 8,000. They destroyed all public buildings there and at Quitman. Colonel Perrin reports on 19th that en-

