
February 17, a scouting party of 250 men was sent [under command of Major Paine, First Wisconsin Cavalry] to Cherokee County, N. C., and returned on the 22nd, having captured 33 prisoners, including 5 commissioned officers; also 15 mules and 4 horses. This scout was accomplished without any loss on our part.

February 23, the First Brigade, marched 20 miles to Scrugg's farm, 4 miles from Madisonville, E. Tenn.

February 27, marched from Motley's Ford and reached Madisonville on the same day, where the command remained in camp during the remainder of the month, sending scouting parties toward the enemy.

Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier General Kenner Garrard.

During the month headquarters division remained at Huntsville, Ala.

February 10, Brigadier General K. Garrard, assumed command in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 41, headquarters Department of the Cumberland. The Chicago Board of Trade Battery during the month proceeded to Nashville, Tenn., obtained a new armament, and reported back to division headquarters with new horses, equipments, and six 3-inch Parrott guns. The headquarters Second Brigade were at Calhoun, Tenn. Brigade was employed as couriers, scouts, and pickets, and were during the month engaged in several skirmishes with the enemy. The Third Brigade was stationed at or near Mooresville, Ala., and was employed in collecting forage, scouting the country, and in picketing the Tennessee River.

First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

During the month brigade headquarters remained at Huntsville, Ala.

The Fourth U. S. Cavalry, being at Collierville, Tenn., with the expedition under the command of Brigadier General W. S. Smith, remained until the 11th, then marched to New Albany, where it arrived February 14.

February 16, marched and arrived at Okolona, Miss., on the 19th, and West Point on the 20th, where it met and defeated a large force of the enemy under Forrest.

Returned to Okolona February 22, where it had another severe engagement with Forrest's forces. The rebels being too powerful, the command retreated that day, and arrived at Memphis on the 26th, where it remained during the rest of the month. The Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry was on furlough in Pennsylvania, having re-enlisted as veteran volunteers. The Fourth Michigan Cavalry being at Ooltewah, Tenn., was during the month engaged on several scouts, having skirmishers at Tunnel Hill, near Buzzard Roost; at Red Clay, near Cleveland; at Cleveland, at Dirt Town, and other places, acting Boone. The Fifth Iowa Cavalry at home on furlough, having re-enlisted as veterans. The Third Indiana has made no report of events. They have been operating in East Tennessee, near Knoxville.

