
ment eminently fit him for promotion and much larger command. I commend him to the notice of the major-general commanding.

The loss in my division during the campaign was 225 killed, wounded, and missing; that of the enemy about 400 prisoners and as many killed, with a large number of mules, horses, wagons, arms, and equipments captured. I am informed by my staff officers (just returned from Vicksburg on flag of truce) that Federal officers admit a loss of 3,000 missing. The number of their killed will never be known, as a great many were killed while out from the main body plundering and burning houses.

Troops never behaved more gallantly or soldierly than those of my command during the entire campaign, and I think everything that could possibly have been executed was done by the command of Major-General Lee.

My thanks are due General Ferguson for his gallantry, energy, and prompt compliance with all orders while temporarily under my command.

To my brigade commanders-General Adams, General Ross, and Colonel Starke-my thanks are especially due for efficiency and zealous discharge of every duty and their noble bearing on the field. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the heroic spirits who follow them.

I respectfully refer to the detailed reports of the brigade commanders for the losses, captures, &amp;c. I would call the attention of the major-general commanding especially to that portion of General Ross' report referring to capture of Yazoo City, which I consider a perfect success.

My thanks are also due the members of my staff-Captain George Moorman, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Thomas B. Sykes, assistant inspector-general; Major W. P. Paul, quartermaster; Major A. P. Glover, commissary of subsistence; Major J. F. Simmons, paymaster-for gallantry and efficiency on the field.

My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant James R. Crump, was killed while gallantly leading my escort company in a successful charge against a party of marauding Yankees near Sharon, Miss., February 27, 1864,

He was a brave and noble officer.

Very respectfully,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General,

Numbers 67. Report of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations against expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,

March 12, 1864

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, requiring a report of the operations of my brigade during the recent advance of the enemy from Big Black to Meridian, I have the honor to submit the following:

My command having just returned from East Louisiana, whither it repaired under orders of Lieutenant-General Polk, directing me

