
I then moved my command on the Jackson road and again took position 3 1/2 miles west of the city, with a broad, open field in my front. Against this the enemy did not advance, but throwing forward an infantry and cavalry force on a road 1 mile to the left, pushed immediately for Jackson. After an irregular artillery fire at scattering parties of the enemy, I was ordered to withdraw by a lateral road toward the Canton road, the enemy having gained, near night-fall, the road between me and Jackson. This was done without loss.

In these various positions taken between Champion's Hill and Jackson, and the severe checks given the enemy, I cannot commend too highly the alacrity, courage, and steadiness of my officers and men. They could not have acquitted themselves better.

On the march from Pearl River to Meridian but one opportunity was offered of striking the enemy. This was at Decatur, and was discovered by a bold reconnaissance in person of the major-general commanding. The enemy's wagon train halting in the suburbs of the town, I directed Colonel Wood to make a dash at it with two squadrons, which was executed in gallant style, killing and wounding a number of the enemy and killing the teams of a large number of wagons. A heavy infantry force front and rear of the train precluded all hopes of bringing them off.

In these various affairs from Champion's Hill to Decatur I sustained a loss of 129 killed, wounded, and missing, and 143 horses.

Marching from Alamutche to Starkville and thence to Canton, I was ordered by General Jackson to pass that place, then occupied by the enemy, and operate upon his left flank in his march toward Vicksburg. This was done on the 29th ultimo and 1st and 2nd instant, resulting in killing and capturing about 60 of the enemy, and the capture of 33 horses, 2 wagons and teams, and a number of small-arms.

In these affairs Major Stockdale, Captain Muldrow, and Captain Yerger were the most conspicuous and gallant participants.

I have to lament the loss of Captain Magruder, of the Fourth Mississippi, who fell seriously, if not mortally, wounded while leading a charge near Canton.

I am indebted to Capts. F. W. Keyes and A. T. Bowie, and Lieutenant George Scott, of my staff, and Lieutenant George Yerger, who volunteered his services, for efficient and valuable assistance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Jackson's Cavalry Division.

Numbers 68. Report of Colonel Peter B. Starke, Twenty-eighth Mississippi Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations against expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Livingston, Miss., March 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 5 a.m. on the 4th ultimo, while near Brownsville, Miss., I received an order from Gen-

