
[CHAP. XLIV.

Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

The brigade stationed at Calhoun, E. Tenn.

February 4, 600 men arrived and joined the brigade, being a part of the Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry and the non-veterans of the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio, from Woodville, Ala., and on the 11th the veterans of the portion of the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio which had been with Colonel Long started for Ohio. Brigadier-General Elliott, chief of cavalry, visited the post on the 15th and inspected the command the following day.

February 22, pursuant to orders by telegraph from Major-General Thomas, Colonel Long marched with 600 men-350 mounted infantry and 250 cavalry-as part of a general reconnaissance toward the enemy's lines at Dalton.

February 23, marched out the Spring Place road. The advance guard drove in the enemy's pickets when within 4 miles of Dalton. The column was then pushed on rapidly and attacked a regiment of rebel infantry, which was encamped within 3 miles of Dalton, driving them from their camp and taking 12 prisoners. Colonel Long then withdrew to Russell's Mills, 4 miles east of Varnell's Station.

February 24, by direction of Major-General Palmer, commanding, the column again moved toward Dalton and met a force of rebels 5 miles from that place. These were driven in, the advance squadron following to within 3 miles of Dalton. Subsequently Colonel Grose, with the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having come up, Colonel Long dismounted his command and advanced toward the enemy, driving his skirmishers back 1 mile to their camp. Here the command was attacked by a brigade of rebel infantry, Colonel Long now fell back, night coming on, to Colonel Grose's lines.

February 25, after advancing half a mile, the enemy was found and engaged. The command was now strengthened by 100 men of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and at night moved back on the Dalton's and Varnell's Station road some 3 miles, and on the 26th retired with the infantry to Catoosa Platform. Casualties during the five days; Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, 9 wounded and 2 missing. Detachments of the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio Cavalry-Captain R. B. Wood, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and 2 privates killed and 8 wounded; Fourth Michigan Cavalry, 3 wounded. Twenty-three prisoners were taken. Other rebel casualties not ascertained. Command returned to Calhoun February 27.

MARCH.

First Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry.

The division remained at Madisonville, sending out scouting parties toward the enemy.

March 5, the First Brigade marched under orders to Calhoun.

March 8, order were received to proceed to Calhoun.

March 9, marched 18 miles; encamped at Mr. Lartin's, 3 miles south of Athens; the dismounted men suffered much from marching.

March 10, marched 11 miles to Calhoun, where the division stopped, according to orders received from General Granger. There being

