
Numbers 70. Report of Lieutenant Addison Harvey, commanding Scouts, of operations against expedition to Meridian.

CAMP, NEAR LEXINGTON,

March 22, 1864

COLONEL: In compliance with the order just received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my scouts during the recent raid made by the enemy to Meredian:

In anticipation of the raid I had posted reliable men on the roads leading from the different crossings on the Big Black River, with instructions to report the first advance of the enemy, watch his movements, and particularly to ascertain his numbers and the order of his march. This was executed with promptness. I held in hand the remainder of my command, numbering about 20 men, and when the enemy advanced upon the Bolton road on the morning of February 4, I entered in a charge with Major Stockdale's battalion, in General Wirt Adams' brigade, in which 5 Federals were captured and 11 killed and wounded, as subsequently ascertained from prisoners. I then crossed to the Brownsville and Clinton road with my command on the evening, of the same day, participating in an engagement with Colonel Starke's brigade at Reynolds' field.

On the night of the 4th, I was sent in the direction of Brownsville, to watch the road leading from the ferries north of Messinger's. Having ascertained that none of the enemy's forces were moving on those roads, I marched to Edwards' Depot, in his rear, to get a more accurate knowledge of his numbers and his order of march, and when the desired information was gained I dispatched to headquarters a full report of the same.

I then moved in haste and gained the flank of the enemy while he was crossing Pearl River. My purpose thence forward was to harass him on the march as much as possible by attacking his foraging parties and pickets, and firing into the main column whenever a favorable opportunity was offered. When I reached Marion, I was ordered by General Lee to go to Enterprise and report to him every movement made by the enemy south of Meridian. Being by this means separated from the main command, I was not apprised that the whole cavalry force had been ordered to North Mississippi, and consequently when the enemy abandoned his position at Meridian, I returned along his flank, and keeping nearly in sight of his column, killed and captured his foragers and detached parties until he reached Canton. Rejoining the brigade at that point, I went in advance and reported the movements of the enemy until he recrossed the Big Blak River.

I had with me during this raid about 23 men, and we killed and captured 1 first lieutenant and 109 men. Others of my scouts not with me, numbering about 15 men, captured and killed about 20 Federals.

My own loss was as follows: Private James Renfrow, Wood's regiment, Company B, killed; Private John Graham, Starke's regiment, Company G, killed; Corpl. Thomas Field, Company M, Wood's regiment, killed; Private Ruel M. Stancill, Starke's regiment, Company B, wounded; Private Tindale, Ballentine's regiment, wounded and captured; Private Pereau, Wood's regiment, Company L, captured. I had 18 horses shot during the raid,most of which did. We captured 2 wagons and 47 horses and mules.

