
The Fifteenth Tennessee Cavalry and its gallant and dashing colonel (Logwood) behaved well, not a man or officer straggling from it to the rear. Its flag bore and now bears ten bullet holes through its folds and one through its staff as honorable mementoes of the fierce struggle it passed.

I cannot close this report without mentioning, in terms of commendation the promptness to carry my orders and the gallant bearing throughout the entire day of Captain 	W. E. Reneau, assistant inspector-general on my staff, and Lieutenant V. B. Waddell, picket officer of my brigade. My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant J. T. Joyner, and volunteer aide, J. M. Lucas, bore my orders promptly.

It gives me great pleasure to commend the gallantry of Brigadier General L. S. Ross and his entire brigade of Texans.

I desire also to commend Captain Thrall and his men and officers for their bravery and good firing on this occasion. The captain was wounded in the city after its capture, standing by his piece, by a sharpshooter of the enemy. Lieutenant C. Adams, my ordnance officer, was also wounded in the city.

I have the honor to be.

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major HOLT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 72. Reports of Brigadier General Lawrence S. Ross, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations on the Yazoo River.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,March 5, 1864-9 p.m

DEAR GENERAL: General Richardson joined me yesterday with 500 effective men. Our forces united made 1,300, and as the Yankee force in Yazoo City was only 2,000, we determined this morning to move in and make a reconnaissance, and if possible take the place. My brigade was in front, and stormed and took all the redoubts around the city but one, and invested that completely. General Richardson moved around and occupied the city, driving off the gun-boat, capturing all their stores, much cotton, and many horses and mules, goods, &amp;c. The men at once loaded themselves with plunder and began to hunt the rear. I demanded the immediate and unconditional surrender of their last redoubt, which was occupied by the Eleventh and One hundred and ninth Illinois Infantry and some negro troops.* We squabbled about the terms of the capitulation, as I would not recognize negroes as soldiers or guaranty them nor their officers protection as such; and while negotiations were going on and the time given them to determine was drawing well nigh to a close two transports came up with re-enforcements, and the negroes who had run down the river in the commencement of the fight returned and pressed our forces so hard that we were compelled to withdraw the force between the redoubt and the city, and they refused to surrender.

---------------

*The One hundred and ninth Illinois had been consolidated with the Eleventh. in 1863.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

