
on a hill north of the redoubt held by the enemy. We thus had an enfilading fire at good range on the enemy's position. Many shells from both sides exploded within the redoubt, and must have done much execution. Finding, however, that the enemy would not be driven with artillery, General Richardson pushed forward his column entered the city, driving everything before him, his men behaving most gallantly, and took position on the plank road between town and the redoubt held by the enemy. We thus had him completely surrounded, our forces being on all sides and not more than 100 yards distant. In this condition we demanded a surrender of the redoubt and the force within it, which the enemy declined. To have taken the place by assault, which the entire command were eager to do, would have cost us the loss of many men-more, we concluded, thana the good that would result from the capture of the enemy would justify. We had now undisputed possession of all Yazoo city except two warehouses immediately upon the river bank, in which a few of the enemy were crouching under the protection of their gun-boats. General Richardson had fired a large lot of cotton which the Yankees had collected for transportation down the Yazoo River,and destroyed a large quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores.

The hospitals of the enemy, with all his wounded (some 30 in number), were in our possession. We had captured 18 prisoners and a large number of mules and horses, and had obtained all the information sought from the first. It was decided, therefore, to withdraw our forces, which was effected quietly and in good order. Seeing General Richardson begin to withdraw from town, the enemy in the redoubt sallied out and attempted to drive the Third and Ninth Texas Regiments from their positions in front, but were quickly and signally repulsed, after which he made no further demonstrations, but suffered us to move back at our leisure.

The casualties in my command during the day were 3 killed and 24 wounded, and in General Richardson's 3 killed and 27 wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Jackson's Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Benton, Miss., March 13, 1864

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your call for a report of the operations of this brigade on the Yazoo River during the recent advance of the enemy under General Sherman, I have the honor to submit the following, to wit:

Immediately upon the return of my command from the Mississippi River (about January 20) I received an order from the division commander to take position near Benton, Miss., and was charged with guarding the country west of Big Black River.

A few days subsequently Colonel Mabry, of the Third Regiment Texas Cavalry, commanding the brigade in my absence, received orders to move to the vicinity of Mechanicsburg, at which place the command arrived on the evening of the 26th. Being informed by

