
no good camping-grounds at Calhoun, crossed the Hiwassee River and encamped at Charleston. Colonel A. P. Campbell, commanding First Brigade, assumed command of division, Colonel McCook being on leave of absence.

March 11, received orders from General Elliott to proceed to Cleveland.

March 12, marched 12 miles to that place. Nothing of importance has occurred since. Good campaign-grounds were selected, and good attention paid to the recruiting of the horses; the most unserviceable were, by order of cavalry commander, sent to Chattanooga, Tenn., for the purpose of being recruited. One or two alarms have taken place, which amounted to nothing. The enemy's pickets within 14 or 18 miles.

Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier General Kenner Garrard.

Headquarters division remained at Huntsville, Ala., with portions of the different brigades.

The First Brigade headquarters was stationed at that point until the 14th instant; by instructions moved to Nashville, Tenn., the greater portion of that command being in that vicinity; remained there balance of month. The Fourth Michigan Cavalry, of this brigade, was actively engaged with success in scouting the country in East Tennessee. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry, from Memphis, Tenn., and Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, returning from veteran furlough, arrived at Nashville, Tenn., going into camp at that place on or about the 30th. The Fifth Iowa Cavalry still absent on furlough as veteran volunteers.

The headquarters of Second Brigade remained the greater part of the month at Ringgold, Ga., with Colonel R. H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, in command-while Colonel Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, was absent on veteran furlough-picketing the front of the Army of the Cumberland toward Dalton, the Third Brigade still remaining in camp at Mooresville, Ala.; nothing of interest occurred.

APRIL.

First Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry.

The division encamped at Cleveland during the whole month. Scouting parties were sent out toward Spring Place and some prisoners taken; nothing of importance occurred.

Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier General Kenner Garrard.

Division headquarters moved on the 4th instant from Huntsville, Ala., with three regiments Third Brigade and detachments First and Second Brigades, to Columbia, Tenn., for the purpose of concentrating at that point the command preparatory to its reorganization and refitting for the summer campaign. Upon the reorganiza-

