
trate our artillery upon the redoubt at short range, hoping to drive them out with shell, for to have assaulted the place would have been a sacrifice of more men than it was worth.

We had now undisputed possession of Yazoo City, except a warehouse immediately on the river bank, in which a few of the enemy were crouching under the protection of their gun-boats. General Richardson had fired a large lot of cotton which the Yankees had collected for transportation down the river and destroyed a large quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores. The hospitals of the enemy with all his wounded (some 30 in number), were in our possession, together with 18 prisoners and a large number of horses and mules. We had accomplished all that could be effected by holding the city, and therefore decided to withdraw our forces therefrom, which was effected quietly and without confusion. The enemy in the redoubt seeing this movement in town, and thinking we were retreating sallied out and attempted to charge the two regiments in their front, but were quickly repulsed. About this time two transports arrived with re-enforcements, upon which it was decided to withdraw all our forces, which we did, retiring to our former encampment near Benton. The following morning the enemy all left Yazoo City, evidently anticipating a renewal of the attack.

My command had acted most gallantly throughout the day, and indeed during the entire campaign on the Yazoo River men and officers displayed true courage. To them their country is indebted for any success that may have attended our efforts.

To Brigadier-General Richardson I am under obligations for his ready and zealous co-operation in the attack on Yazoo City. This truly gallant officer is an hour to the service, and a noble exponent of unflinching fidelity to the South.

I am captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Jackson's Cavalry Division.

FEBRUARY 8, 1864. - Scout near Maryville, Tenn.

Report of Major Joseph B. Presdee, Second Indiana Cavalry.

[MARYVILLE, TENN.,]

February 8, 1864-9 p.m.

COLONEL: In pursuance to orders, I took charge of a scouting party toward Sevierville.

I scouted on the Knob road as far as the house of Mr. Rogers, about 18 miles from Maryville and on the main Sevierville road, 2 miles beyond the crossing of the Knoxville road, also about 18 miles from Maryville. I also scouted the country between these two roads, but heard nothing of the enemy with the exception of 4 stragglers. There were 26 at Wyland's Mills yesterday, and 100 within 3 miles of Mr. Goddard's (7 miles from Maryville) on Saturday, stealing horses and committing other depredations. These last came in by the Knob road. None of them appear to have come farther on the main road than the Knoxville crossing, however.

