
About 150 or 200 went on the Knoxville road (I think on Saturday) toward Knoxville, returning at night with 14 or 15 Federal prisoners, said to be a picket-post captured near Knoxville.

Very respectfully,

J. B. PRESDEE,

Major, Commanding Second Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

FEBRUARY 13, 1864. - Scout near Knoxville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Lieutenant Colonel Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Sergt. Major Gustavus F. Smith, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

CAMP ONE HUNDRED AND ELEVENTH OHIO INFANTRY.

February 14, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to report the following:

For several days past I have been, sending scouting parties in my front on the Rutledge road. Yesterday a portion of my scouts went out about 7 miles, and within sight of the enemy's camp. I learn from our scouts and citizens that there is a brigade of rebel cavalry in our front. Some citizens say that they are at Blain's Cross-Roads, while others are of opinion that only one regiment is at that point, Fourteenth Kentucky. Our scouts saw quite a camp near Flat Creek yesterday, judging by the fires, say two or three regiments. Our scouts encountered the flag of truce yesterday. Rebel Major [Captain] Simms, of Fourth [Eighth] Kentucky Cavalry, by remarks made to Sergeant-Major Smith of our regiment, understands pretty well the disposition of our forces here at the front. The rebel scouts (numbering 10) were within 2 miles of our lines on the 12th.

I would call the attention of the general to the exposed condition of our line and the great distance we are from support. I send out a scout to-day at 3 p.m., and will try and ascertain their strength and position.

I inclose report of Sergeant-Major Smith.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

I. R. SHERWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. H. HUBBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Sergt. Major Gustavus F. Smith, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS 111TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

Near Knoxville, Tenn., February 14, 1864

SIR: Allow me to report the following with regard to the scouting party sent out on the morning of the 13th instant:

After leaving camp at 10 a.m. we ascended the hills on the south

