
here, and 1 of them captured. I immediately sent 440 mule-cavalry to arrest 5 of the best "secesh" in the vicinity of the attack, and 5 more from the vicinity of the robbery of a Union man's house, 2 miles farther on. This is probably some or all of the same party that stole General Wood's mules. I am expecting the party back, when I will report and await orders.

I inclose proceedings of military commission in case of Smith and others for orders or suggestions in the case.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Rome, Ga., February 10, 1864

Lieutenant J. W. COLLIER,

Commanding Scouts:

DEAR SIR; Your dispatch by courier reached me this morning, and was quite satisfactory. I hope you will push your inquiries to the river without delay so that no doubt may exist of the enemy's position about Larkin's Landing. When that is satisfactorily done, if no enemy is found on this side of the Tennessee, you can report to me with your detachment. Should you find the enemy still on this side of the river, observe his movements narrowly and report them by courier.

I am, lieutenant, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 15, 1864. - Skirmish at Laurel Creek, Wayne County, W. Va.,

Report of Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,Louisa, Ky., February 19, 1864

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding that Colonel M. J. Ferguson, of the Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, with a portion of his command was captured on Laurel Creek, in Wayne County, Va., 25 miles from this place.

I started from camp with a detachment from the Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry of 275 infantry, and from the Thirty-ninth Kentucky of 150 mounted men, and left camp at 8 p.m. on the 14th instant. March 20 miles, and reached the mouth of Laurel at 7 a.m. on the 15th instant. I divided my command at this point, sending a detachment up main Laurel of three companies (B, H, and G.) under the command of Captain John C. Collins, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers, and moved the balance up on the ridge to get around the rebel camp. The detachment came upon the enemy, completely surprising them, and in the fight captured Colonel Ferguson his surgeon, 2 lieutenants, and 38 non-commissioned officers and privates, completely routing and dispersing them.

We killed and left dead on the field 10 rebel soldiers, wounding several and releasing 16 Federal prisoners held by the rebels. Brought off and destroyed 80 Enfield rifles and carbines and a number of

