
Colt army pistols all the cam and garrison equipage, subsistence, forage, and ammunition and recapturing a large number of horses that had been stolen in West Virginia, and returning to camp on the 16th instant without the loss of a man, having marched 30 miles and back in thirty-two hours, over the hills on a bad road, and most of the time no road at all.

Colonel Ferguson's command is the same that captured General Scammon and staff and burned the steam-boat on the Kanawha.

I had to leave my district to attack Colonel Ferguson, but deemed it my duty to do so.

To the energy and officer-like conduct of Captain John C. Collins and Captain William H. Bartrum, Companies G and H, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers, I am much indebted for the success of the expedition.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel Commanding, District of East Tennessee.

Captain J. D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Numbers 54. Louisville, Ky., March 3, 1864

* * * * *

V. The general commanding desires to express his thanks to Colonel George W. Gallup and the brave officers and men of the Fourteenth and Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers who composed the late expedition into Virginia, which resulted in the defeat of a superior force of the enemy and the capture of 4 officers and 38 men, and a large amount of arms and munitions of war. The good judgment and ability displayed in planning and executing the expedition are highly commendable.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge,

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 15-MARCH 6, 1864. - Expedition from Vicksburg to Grand Gulf, Miss.

Report of Colonel Charles A. Gilchrist, Twelfth Louisiana Infantry, African descent.
HDQRS. 12TH LOUISIANA, VOLS., AFRICAN DESCENT,Vicksburg, Miss., March 9, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders this day received from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, I would respectfully make the following report:

Received orders from post headquarters on the 14th of February, 1864, of which the following is a copy:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST AND DEFENSES,Numbers 42. Vicksburg, Miss., February 14, 1864.

The Twelfth Regiment Louisiana Infantry, African descent, will hold itself in readiness to embark on board steam-boat for Grand Gulf, Miss., reporting on arrival there to Brigadier-General Ellet, commanding Mississippi Marine Bridge.

