
[CHAP. XLIV.

tion of the cavalry, the Fifth Iowa and Third Indiana Cavalry (First Brigade), Second Kentucky and Tenth Ohio Cavalry (Second Brigade), and Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers (Third Brigade) were transferred from this position to the Third Division. Colonels Minty, Long, and Wilder reported with complete commands (with the exception of the First Ohio, Second Brigade, at Nashville, Tenn.) on the 25th instant at Columbia, Tenn.

From the 25th to the 30th the division was active in completing arrangements for operations in the field. Under orders the command, with First and Third Brigades, complete in arms, horses, and equipments, moved for Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 30th. The Second Brigade remained at Columbia, Tenn., awaiting arms and horses.

Third Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick.

This division was organized April, 1864. Colonel Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, assumed command temporarily by order of chief of cavalry, and commanded until April 17, when he was relieved by Colonel E. H. Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry. Colonel Murray was relieved by General Kilkpatrick by Special Field Orders, Numbers 16, headquarters Department of the Cumberland. The portion of the division reported had one engagement, as follows:

April 29, General Kilkpatrick, with 500 men, moved through Hooker's Gap, Ga., at this place, and drove the enemy's pickets until they met a large force, estimated at 2,000; then attacked and drove them for some distance. After fighting them vigorously for some time he fell back was charged by the enemy by overwhelming numbers, faced about and repulsed them handsomely. Fell back to camp. Some casualties on both sides.

ENGINEER TROOPS.

Engineer Brigade, commanded by Colonel Timothy R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry.

January 18, this brigade was organized under the command of Colonel T. R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Since Eighteenth Ohio engaged in the construction of two steam ferry-boats; have charge of the swinging ferry, and cutting and rafting timber for store-houses. The Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers, stationed on Chickamauga Creek, engaged in cutting and rafting saw-logs. The Twenty-first Michigan Volunteers engaged in cutting logs and timber for building store-rooms. The Twenty-second Michigan Volunteers cutting and rafting logs and delivering them at the mills.

February 29, the brigade has been actively engaged during the past month in cutting, rafting, and sawing logs, hewing and framing timber for depot buildings, raising and inclosing the same, building flat and steam boats, and various other duties connected with the engineer department.

