
FEBRUARY 17, 1864.-Expedition from Island No. 10 to Riley's Landing, Tenn.

Report of Captain Robert M. Ekings, thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Island No. 10, Tenn., February 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, having received information that 4 deserters from the Union army were secreted near Tiptonville, Tenn., I with 40 men of my command embarked on a steamer at 2 a.m. of February 17, and proceeded down the river to Riley's Landing, 6 miles below Tiptonville.

At Riley's house we seized a small amount of Government ammunition and several guns. Being unable to carry away these guns we destroyed them.

We then proceeded to the house of one Lewis, where we succeeded in capturing 5 of the gang of guerrillas which has infested the bend for five months past. Together with them we captured their arms and their horses. These men were in bed, having their pistols under their heads, but being completely surprised offered no resistance.

From this point we marched to the place where the deserters were said to be employed, but could find no traces of them. Seeing no change of effecting any further captures we got on board a boat at Tiptonville and returned to this post.

One of these prisoners, Owen Edwards, is a quasi lieutenant in Meriwether's company of bushwhackers, and is reported to have been in command of the party which fired into a Government boat below Tiptonville about three months ago. Another, Lewis, claims to belong to Faulkner's command. Gregg says he was a private in Meriwether's gang, but that he deserted when Meriwether proceeded south. George Moore, formerly of the rebel army, now horse thief and scondrel in general, is the fourth person captured; and lastly Clayton, about whom I have no particular information except his being found with the rest at Lewis' house. Lewis is a paroled prisoner. He was formerly a captain in the Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, rebel army. He stated that the guerrillas have eaten over $200 worth of provisions at his house within six months. He has a parole from General Quinby, formerly commanding this district.

Of the captured horses three have been sent to Columbus. The prisoners will be examined and sent to Captain I. H. Williams, district provost-marshal.

R. M. EKINGS,Captain Company C, 34th New Jersey Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General

FEBRUARY 17-22, 1864.-Expedition from Motley's Ford, Tenn., to Murphy and vicinity, N. C.

Reports of Major Nathan Paine, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding expedition.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY, Camp Near Motley's Ford, February 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your orders I proceeded on the 17th instant with 250 men to North Carolina via Tellico Plains.

