
Most of the houses along the road are deserted, the Union people having been compelled to leave the country.

The whole country through which we marched was very barren.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. PAINE,

Major First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

FEBRUARY 18, 1864.-Skirmish near Maryville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army

Corps.

No. 2.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First

Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

LOUDON, TENN., February 19, 1864.

GENERAL: Colonel McCook reports that his scouts met about 30 of the enemy a mile the other side of Maryville yesterday [the 18th] and drove them back, killing and wounding 5. They report a large body of the enemy's cavalry encamped 4 or 5 miles from Maryville, near the Sevierville road.

Colonel Jacquess reports this morning from Lenoir's that there are no indications of the enemy between that place and Maryville, and that a citizen who came for 15 miles down the north side of the Little Tennessee River last night says he saw no enemy, and heard of none, but citizens were expecting the rebels and were much frightened. Reports from Sweet Water corroborate the above.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

MOTLEY'S FORD, TENN., February 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Special Orders, No. 48, Department of the Ohio, attaching my command to that of Major-General Granger.

I also have the honor to report that my scouts met about 30 of the enemy a mile the other side of Maryville at noon to-day, and drove them back, killing and wounding 5; they report a large body of the enemy's cavalry encamped 4 or 5 miles from Maryville, near the Sevierville road.

