
Two days ago I sent a detachment, 300 strong, to Murphy for the purpose of capturing some of the enemy's infantry [six companies] sent there on furlough.

I will send a full report of the condition of my command, and endeavor to report to-morrow to the general commanding in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 18-19, 1864.-Scout from Ooltewah, Tenn., to Burke's and Ellidge's Mills, Ga.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Captain William C. Harris, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain William W. Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain William C. Harris, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Ooltewah Station, Tenn., February 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout made by a detachment of the the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers and a detachment of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry:

In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, the command started at 10 o'clock at night, February 18, 1864, the infantry and cavalry moving together for 7 miles. At that point the cavalry took a left-hand road that came in the main Burke's Mill road, 1 mile from the mill. The infantry proceeded on the straight road to the mill. The cavalry arrived at the point where the roads come together before the infantry. It was then getting light, so the captain commanding the cavalry thought it would be imprudent to wait for the infantry.

The first picket was found near Burke's Mill. The cavalry charged on them, and captured 2 of the number. A detachment of cavalry was sent to Cherry's Mill, 1 mile from Burke's Mill, where they found a picket station, and captured 6 men, among the number a lieutenant.

Orders having been entirely complied with, the command marched back, infantry and cavalry together, on the road the infantry went out on, by Salem Church. Upon arriving near Mr. Smith's residence, the command halted and got breakfast and rested.

There was 1 lieutenant, 7 soldiers, and 5 citizens captured. Captain Van Antwerp, commanding the cavalry, will report the number of horses, mules, and arms captured. They are in his possession.

The night was a bitter cold one. The command suffered a great deal. The officers and men endured the march without a murmur, and did their duty very well. The cavalry was especially active and vigilant.

The command arrived in camp at 2.30 p.m., February 19, 1864.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,W. C. HARRIS,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-eighth Regiment.

Captain S. W. TULEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

