
Numbers 2. Report of Captain William W. Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Camp Stanley, Ooltewah, Tenn., February 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders I moved from camp on Thursday evening at 10 o'clock with 100 men of my command, and joined the Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Captain Harris commanding.

Subsequently we moved out in conjunction, my command in advance, in the direction of Burke's Mill.

About 1 a.m., when 6 miles from camp, we halted until 4 o'clock, when we again moved forward. After proceeding 2 miles we separated our commands, the infantry taking the road to the right and my command taking the road to the left. Before separating it was understood that we would form a junction 1 mile this side of Burke's Mill.

When I arrived at that point it was some time after daylight, and deeming it imprudent to delay operations I did not wait for the infantry, but pushed forward. When within 200 yards of the mill I observed the rebel picket, and immediately charged with my command, going through and about 100 yards beyond the gap, in which charge I captured 3 of the enemy. As near as I could learn the post was picketed by 4 men.

I then returned with my command to the mill, picketed the front and flanks, and sent out a detachment of 30 men, under command of Lieutenant C. T. Hudson, to Ellidge's Mill, and one of 15 men, under command of a non-commissioned officer, to Cherry's Mill. After an hour's absence Lieutenant Hudson returned, having charged a picket of some 30 men near the mill, 6 of whom he captured, 1 a lieutenant. The detachment sent to Cherry's Mill also returned in the course of an hour, but without having seen any rebels.

The infantry having joined us in the mean time, we started back at 8 o'clock, and marched steadily until within 5 miles of our camp at Ooltewah, when the command was halted for one hour and a half to afford the men an opportunity for rest and refreshments.

At 12.30 o'clock we resumed the march, and arrived in camp at 3 p.m.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. VAN ANTWERP,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

FEBRUARY 19, 1864.-Operations about Brown's Ferry, Ala.

Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

PULASKI, TENN., February 19, 1864.

A considerable cavalry force has got back into the Tuscumbia Valley. In an attempt to cross to-day they were repulsed at three

