
ferries. The force arrived on river yesterday. We lost a few men wounded. The enemy also lost some in wounded, prisoners, and some nine boats, skiffs, and flat-boats.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

PULASKI, February 19, 1864.

Colonel Phillips, who is at the river at Lucas' and Brown's Ferry, says three regiments certain have made their appearance on the river to-day and yesterday-one at Decatur, one at Brown's. I was throwing a small mounted force over when we made the discovery. Captured a few boats, prisoners, &amp;c., and it is positive that our crossing has brought Roddey back; but so far as I can learn tonight the prisoners taken do not belong to his command. Will know in morning. Their attempt to cross to this side was a failure to-day, and I do not believe they had any serious intentions of taking over much of a force.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 20, 1864.-Skirmish on the Sevierville Road, near Knoxville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tenn., February 21, 1864.

MAJOR: While I was visiting my command on the other side of the river yesterday the enemy attacked my picket-post on the Sevierville road, and showed themselves rather prominently on all the roads. I thought it best to ascertain what was in our front, and accordingly took the Fourth Tennessee Infantry, under Major Patterson, about 150 to 175 men, and the left wing of the Third Indiana Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, about 200 men in ranks, and started out on the Sevierville road, the infantry in advance. About a mile out we encountered the enemy's outpost, which was promptly driven away by the infantry. As soon as we had the rebels fairly started in retreat I directed Colonel Klein to go forward with his men and press the enemy vigorously till he ascertained how much force they had. He at once obeyed the order and

