
fell upon them with great vigor, pushing them back about 2 or 3 miles farther. Finally, with two companies, he charged upon the Fourth and Eighth Tennessee [rebel] Cavalry, and succeeded in cutting off some 200 of them, but could only bring off 10 of them, 1 of whom was the adjutant of the Eighth Tennessee. Having now ascertained from citizens and the prisoners taken that it was two brigades of Martin's [rebel] cavalry that we were contending with, and not deeming it prudent to push any farther with my small force, as compared with theirs, I directed them to withdraw. Colonel Klein lost 6 men wounded, 1 of whom will die. The whole affair was very well executed by Colonel Klein, and proves him to be a remarkably efficient officer. His men behaved themselves also in the most creditable manner.

There were no casualties in the infantry force.

I forward the report of Colonel Klein.

All which is respectfully submitted.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Division.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. LEFT WING THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY, Near Knoxville, Tenn., February 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command in the affair of yesterday on the Sevierville road:

After the enemy's outposts were driven in beyond our vedette station, by General Hascall's order I passed to the front with four companies. Leaving one company to guard against a movement around to our rear. I soon met the enemy in considerable force and skirmished [both mounted and dismounted] with them, driving them slowly, until by a charge we drove in the Fourth and Eighth Tennessee Cavalry to where the remainder of their force was dismounted and in line. Here I had every man in hotly engaged, when finding the odds too great against us, I thought it prudent to withdraw, which was done in good order.

As fruits of the engagement I brought off 1 adjutant [Eighth Tennessee] and 9 men, 10 horses, some arms, &amp;c. My loss was 6 men wounded [1 mortally], 12 horses left on the field, 6 stand of arms. The enemy's loss was greater; so far as could be observed, 5 known to be killed. We had at once as many as 200 men cut off, but were too weak to hold them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBERT KLEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain EDMUND R. KERSTETTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

