
FEBRUARY 22, 1864.-Skirmishes at Gibson's and Wyerman's Mills, on Indian Creek, Va., and at Powell's Bridge, Tenn.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Theopilus T. Garrard, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Clinch.

No. 2.-Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Alphonso F. Cook, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

No. 4.-Colonel William E. Peters, Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry.

No. 5.-Captain John B. Thompson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Cavalry

Battalion.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Theophilus T. Garrard, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Clinch.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH, Cumberland Gap, Tenn., February 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 19th and 22nd instant.

As I telgraphed on the 22nd instant, the First Battalion, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Davis commanding, which was stationed at Wyerman's Mill, 5 miles east from the gap on the Jonesville road, was surprised at daylight that day, entirely surrounded, and, together with an infantry company of the Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry, captured. A company of the Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, in charge of Lieutenant Wise, which was with the command of Colonel Davis, about a quarter of a mile in advance, fought and cut their way through, with a loss of 3 killed and wounded, and escaped. Four officers and about 60 men of Colonel Davis' battalion, and 7 men of the Second North Carolina company succeeded also in making their escape. Colonel Davis, among the captured, is severely wounded.

On account of never having been able to obtain a correct report from that command, it is very difficult to arrive at exact numbers so as to represent the loss of the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry proper.

Simultaneously with the surprise of Colonel Davis' command the outpost at Powell's bridge, on Tazewell road, where I had 50 men of the Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, in charge of Captain Pickering, stationed at the block-house, was attacked by the enemy [a portion of Vaughn's command] three times, but without success. To prevent their being cut off, I moved Captain Pickering, with his men, to within safe distance.

Yesterday I sent a flag of truce, in charge of Colonel Mehringer, Ninety-first Indiana Infantry, into the enemy's line for the purpose of burying our killed and with a view of obtaining some information. The flag of truce was treated with the utmost civility, but nothing could be ascertained from the fact that we did not get in communication with the commanding officer, although kept waiting a very long time for that purpose.

The lines of this command are now contracted to within 2 miles of the gap.

The entire available force here consists of about 1,200 men [infantry and dismounted cavalry] and about 300 artillery [4 batteries]. Three companies of infantry [Ninety-first Indiana] will go home in a day or two to be mustered out of the six months' service.

Pursuant to your instructions, I have ordered the Ninth New Hampshire to this post, although I don't anticipate an attack now.

