
harvest of abandoned blankets and overcoats, much needed by my command. Thirteen of the prisoners were runaway slaves.

Our loss was 3 killed and 7 wounded. Among the former was Captain Burks, Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry, a most gallant and excellent officer.

The loss of the enemy was 13 killed and many wounded. Among the latter was Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Davis, commanding the forces of the enemy.

My thanks are due to my efficient scouts and guides as well as my staff-Captain W. K. Martin, Lieuts. W. M. Hopkins, F. C. Chamberlayn, and S. F. Adams-for the faithful discharge of their respective duties.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of East Tennessee.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alphonso F. Cook, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY, March 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor [in the absence of Colonel Corns] to transmit a report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Virginia Cavalry in the action near Gibson's Mill on February 22, 1864:

When the brigade halted near the turnpike half mile in rear of the enemy's camp, Colonel Corns received instructions from General Jones to cross the road and advance on the left, or, if he thought it best on reaching the road, to charge the camp. On reaching the road, seeing no way by which he could advance on the left without dismounting, he determined at once to charge them. He gave the order to charge, and when he reached the woods, 400 or 500 yards from the camp, he turned to the left and went in an oblique direction until he found himself near and in rear of the camp and the enemy drawn up in line to receive us. He then wheeled by fours to the right and charged them in line. They gave us one volley as we dashed up, but with little effect, and before they could reload we broke their line and scattered them in every direction. Seeing them running toward the mill-pond in large numbers, I took three companies and followed across the creek, where we succeeded in capturing a great many. The other companies of the regiment were kept by Colonel Corns on the side of the pond next the camp until a large number of prisoners were collected together, when Colonel Corns sent the greater portion of them off with the prisoners.

The loss in the regiment was 1 private killed, 2 mortally wounded [since dead], and 1 or 2 slightly wounded.

There were not over 175 men of the regiment engaged, and I do not think I exaggerate when I say that we either killed, wounded, or captured at least one man for every one engaged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. F. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. M. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

