
and survived but a few minutes. He was a most gallant and meritorious officer. There were 2 privates of this regiment slightly wounded.

The regiment captured during the engagement 38 prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Colonel Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. M. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Jones' Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain John B. Thompson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

MARCH 12, 1864.

Report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry in the engagement at Gibson's Mill on February 22, 1864:

On arriving within a mile of the encampment of the enemy on February 22, I was ordered by the general commanding to form my command in columns of fours. This was done, I was further ordered when the command moved to move with it and to post my battalion on this side of the enemy's camp, with its left resting on the road [main Cumberland Gap] and the right on Indian Creek. How far I should move my command before taking position I was not definitely instructed. When the command was ordered forward they moved in full charge. On approaching the enemy's camp they left the main Cumberland Gap road, diverging a considerable distance from it and to the left. I followed at the same speed. When the advance of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry [which was in front of the column] opened fire I at once turned to the right and in the direction of the main Cumberland Gap road. On reaching this I found that the Twenty-first Virginia Cavalry already occupied the space [in considerable extent] between the road and the creek. I moved up as far as the creek, dismounted my battalion, and ordered them to open fire upon a considerable body of the enemy who were attempting to escape along the opposite bank of the creek. They did so. The enemy returned my fire feebly, and dispersed among the cliffs and bluffs of the creek. Finding the creek impassable at the point where I was on account of the steepness of its banks, and hence the pursuit of the enemy impracticable, I ordered my men to mount with the view of crossing the creek lower down and of intercepting them. I found a passage of the creek within a short distance. I at once deployed my men as skirmishers, who soon encountered the fugitive enemy. The larger portion of that body of them were readily captured.

I take pleasure in stating that the men and officers under my command behaved well in the engagement.

My casualties were none killed and 1 wounded. I captured- prisoners.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. THOMPSON,

Captain Co. A, Twenty-seventh Virginia Battalion Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. M. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Jones' Brigade.

