
At 9 p.m., in accordance with orders, the division was marched again to the Stone Church, Colonel Long being left at Lee's house to hold that position. The troops bivouacked in line about 12 o'clock, midnight.

Saturday, February 27, the division rested until 1 p.m., when, in accordance with orders, it commenced march back to its encampment at Blue Springs. Three regiments of the Second Brigade, a section of the Fifth Indiana Battery, and Captain Van Antwerp's detachment of cavalry were left in rear of the column and transportation to guard against any dash of the enemy's mounted skirmishers, which were reported to be hanging about. The picket-line of General Johnson's command was taken off without being replaced by other troops, and left my right flank exposed. The detachment of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry was ordered to replace them as soon as the fact was known. This detachment met the enemy advancing upon us while the column was moving and before the whole of it had passed the Stone Column. After some sharp skirmishing the cavalry detachment was compelled to fall back. Colonel Taylor, Fortieth Ohio, in charge of the rear guard, placed his regiment in position and strengthened the camp picket-line, and Captain Simonson, chief of artillery, opened with a few shells upon the enemy and put them to flight. Colonel Van Derveer, of General Baird's division, shortly advanced with his command beyond the creek in direction of the enemy and relieved my troops, who then marched out. No damage resulted from this assault, and no confusion was created thereby in my command.

The division marched 9 miles during the afternoon and encamped for the night on Ewing's farm, on the old Alabama road; at 6 p.m. Colonel Long was ordered to cover the right flank, marching at 3 p.m. by way of Red Clay to Cleveland.

Sunday, February 28, march was resumed at 8 a.m., and continued without incident until the column reached Howard's Stand. Here Colonel Dickerman's brigade was sent on to its camp at Cleveland, via Tucker's Mill, and the other two brigades turned off to their camps at Blue Springs, the latter arriving at 1 p.m., marching 12 miles, Colonel Dickerman marching 16 miles.

The following tabular statement exhibits the casualties of this division during the entire reconnaissance, viz:

Killed Wounded

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

Second Brigade	 - 	 4	 -	 30

Third Brigade	 -	 1	 1	 28

Cavalry	 -	 -	 -	 4

Aggregate	 -	 5	 1	 62

Missing Total

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men	 Aggre-

 	 	 	 	 gate

Second Brigade	 -	 2	 -	 36	 36

Third Brigade	 1	 3	 2	 32	 34

Cavalry	 -	 -	 -	 4	 4

Aggregate	 1	 5	 2	 72	 74

The following reports and exhibits are herewith submitted, to-wit:* The reports contain many details of importance which it is impossible to notice in a general account of the reconnaissance, and all valuable as contributing to its history from various points of view.

---------------

*List of casualties omitted. The reports appear in their proper order.

---------------

