
The plats of the field of the 25th all differ somewhat in detail. That accompanying the report of Colonel Grose covers a greater extent of country, and probably is most valuable. It is faulty to some extent in regard to the disposition of the lines of our forces, but in its main features of topography seems to be correct.

The acknowledgments of the general commanding division are due to Colonel William Grose, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel W. A. Dickerman, commanding First Brigade, detachment Fifteenth Army Corps, for the courageous, cheerful, and satisfactory manner in which they bore themselves through the entire reconnaissance and the mode in which they managed their respective commands. The commendations of the general commanding are also due to all the officers, field, line, and staff, of the entire command, for their unexceptionably good conduct.

The enlisted men deserve great praise. They conducted themselves in a soldierly and handsome manner. They were eager to engage the enemy, willing to march at all hours, cheerful under any emergency, and anxious to do their whole duty. Much less straggling, pillaging, shirking, and kindred annoyance were observable on this march than is usual.

Colonel Eli Long, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division of Cavalry, with his command, covered the exposed flank of the division during the entire march, and conformed his movements to those of the division. Though acting under independent orders from department headquarters he at all times co-operated with me, and by the bravery with which he rushed his column and the care which he took to communicate all the intelligence he could obtain.

The general staff of the division merits notice for the efficient manner in which the members of it discharged their various duties. It was comprised of the following officers; Major W. H. Sinclair, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. S. G. Menzies, medical director; Captain G. C. Kniffin, commissary of subsistence; Captain J. W. Steele, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, acting inspector; Captain H. E. Stansbury, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant John A. Wright, First Kentucky Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain U. Stevens, Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Goddard, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, acting ordnance officer. Captain Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, and Captain Warner, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, handled their commands with boldness and skill, and rendered great service on the march, both in scouting and escort duty.

In concluding it may be remarked that the number of miles marched by the brigade average 80 during the seven days' absence from camp, and that four marches were made during a portion of as many nights.

The principal inconvenience suffered by the troops was loss of rest. Both men and animals improved otherwise on the trip. The weather and roads were unusually good. The expedition was understood by officers and men to be an armed reconnaissance, and thy returned to camp in the belief that its objects had been attained and without any loss of morale therefrom. No Government property of any kind was lost or destroyed, the men were well rationed, the wounded all kindly cared for and removed to Chattanooga [except in a single case, too serious to bear removal, which was left with a family near the place of engagement on the 25th].

