
wounded 11 of Colonel Long's men, who had been wounded the day before, were sent in our ambulances, under charge of Assistant Surgeon Barnes, of Long's cavalry, our own being under charge of Surgeon Mills, Eighth Kentucky Volunteers. As Brigade Surgeon Thompson was with Long's command, and will doubtless report, I will make no further allusion to his wounded. Two operations were performed-amputation elbow the knee, by Surgeon Bech, at the cabins; exsection hip joint, by Surgeon Abbott, at Big Spring.

The casualties amount to 59. [See report* of wounded accompanying; other commands adding about 9 more.]

It is a source of much gratification to report the general good conduct of the medical officers both in the field and hospital, especially Surgeons Kersey, Beach, and Abbott in the hospital. I must also commend the skill and promptness shown by Ambulance Master Mitchell. The ambulances were always in place and the wounded carefully brought off.

On the morning of the 26th, with the consent of General Cruft, I sent Assistant Surgeon Ravenot, Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers, with a company of cavalry back to Big Spring, 5 miles, to see after the wounded man who had been left the night before. He got separated from his escort and has not been heard of since; it is feared is captured.

In the night of th 26th, the command marched to Stone Church.

Midday of the 27th, moved toward our old quarters, and arrived on the 28th at noon in good style.

Very respectfully,

S. G. MENZIES,

Medical Director First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

Surgeon PHELPS,

Medical Director Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Thomas E. Champion, Ninety-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Stone Church, February 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on Monday, that 22nd instant, at 9 a.m., this brigade left camp at Blue Springs, Tenn., and together with the Third Brigade proceeded on a reconnaissance to Red Clay.

We lay at Red Clay until about 2 p.m. of tuesday, the 23rd. We then resumed our line of march and proceeded to Tiger Creek, on the road to Catoosa Platform, arriving about 10 p.m.

On Wednesday, 24th, about 9 a.m., broke camp and returned as far as Lee's house. Proceeded thence to Tunnel Hill on a reconnaissance, returning to Lee's house at 7 p.m.

On Thursday left camp, together with Colonel Dickerman's brigade, Fifteenth Army Corps, at 3 a.m., going in the direction of Dalton. Arriving within about 2 1/2 miles of Buzzard Roost Gap, we found the cavalry under Colonel Long skirmishing with the enemy in the direction of the gap. Here, by direction of the general commanding, I formed the brigade in two lines, with Colonel Grose's brigade on

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

