
the right, Colonel Dickerman's brigade being held as a reserve. At about 9.30 a.m. we advanced in line, engaging the enemy and driving him about 1 1/2 miles, dislodging him from a densely wooded ridge. Owing, however, to a delay in the formation and advance of the extreme right of the line, consisting of a part of the Fourteenth Army Corps, it became necessary for us to halt on the side of the hill above referred to after having driven the enemy from it in order to avoid being flanked by the enemy, who now appeared in heavy force on our right, front, and left. Here we lay during the entire day, briskly skirmishing with the enemy and exposed to a heavy fire of artillery, which, however, did us no damage. In the mean time the battery attached to this brigade kept up a vigorous and effective fire on the enemy.

both officers and men of the entire command, including the battery, behaved with great courage and coolness throughout the entire engagement.

For the position occupied by this brigade, as well as the topography of the country, reference is made to Exhibit A.* Our loss was 36, for particulars of which see Exhibit B.+ Enemy's loss not positively known. We took 10 prisoners. Some were killed and a number wounded, and I am of the opinion that his loss was much grater than ours.

At 11 p.m. we started on our return to Lee's house, where we lay until 2 p.m. of the 26th. We then proceeded to Tunnel Hill, remained until 9 p.m., and then returned to the Stone Church, near Catoosa Platform.

Remained there until 1 p.m. of the 27th, when we took up our line of march for Blue Springs. We arrived at Ewing's farm at 7 p.m. and went into bivouac. At 7 a.m. we resumed line of march and reached Blue Springs at 12 m.

Officers and men without exception are entitled to the highest praise for the patient cheerfulness with which they endured the fatigues and exposures of the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. CHAMPION,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Reports of Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV.,4TH ARMY CORPS, Widow Burke's Farm, February 24, 1864-8 p.m.

MAJOR: We returned here this moment [perhaps we are 3 1/2 miles from you], and have stopped for the night. We approached near the railroad, 3 1/2 miles west of Dalton, and met the enemy, infantry and cavalry.

Colonel Long had the advance, drove their cavalry 2 miles, when he met what the citizens said was Stewart's division of infantry in sight of and at the railroad. I advanced the infantry to his support,
---------------

*Not found.

+Nominal list omitted.

---------------

