
checked and held the enemy back at a mile from the railroad until night, when we withdrew to here, leaving Colonel Long and one regiment of infantry 2 miles to our front. I don't believe thee is much force of the enemy in our front, but too much for our small force. I am of the impression that double our force could have gained the railroad and held it. The enemy used no artillery. We fired 5 rounds.

I await orders.

Truly, I am,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Your note here; we are in no danger. Our loss very small; but three of Colonel Long's wounded fell into the hands of the enemy, which I much regret.

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Blue Springs, Tenn., February 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the recent seven days before Dalton:

I was ordered by the division commander, and marched to take part in the reconnaissance toward the enemy from this place on the morning of the 22nd of February, 1864, with the Eighty-fourth Illinois, Colonel Waters; Seventy-fifth Illinois, Colonel Bennett; Thirty-sixth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Carey; Thirtieth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Hurd; Eightieth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgour, and Twenty-fourth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Cockerill, with Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Heilman. Effectie force, officers and men, including battery, 1,796. My brigade having the advance, and the Thirty-sixth Indiana marching in front, we moved toward Red Clay, or Council Ground, on the Georgia State line, a distance of 8 miles; arrived thee at 12.30 p.. I was then ordered by the general commanding the division to move on the road toward Dalton, and if possible find the enemy. I advanced 3 miles to Wade's and found the enemy's pickets, drove them, and directed Captain Van Antwerp, with his company of Fourth Michigan Cavalry, to pursue them, which he did promptly 1 1/2 miles. Upon the cavalry rejoining the brigade we returned to Red Clay and rested for the night.

February 23, marched with the division via Dr. Lee's house, 12 miles, to near Catoosa Springs, Ga., to make a junction with the Fourteenth Corps; arrived there about 9 p.m.

February 24, marched back east to Dr. Lee's house with division. I was here directed to move southeast toward Dalton, crossing the ridge 3 miles north of the place known as Tunnel Hill, with my infantry and one section of artillery, the latter under command of Lieutenant Stansbury. I passed the first and a second ridge to a road running south on the eastern base of the latter, along the road to neal's farm, 6 miles from Dalton. At this point I made a junction with Colonel Long, in command of 600 cavalry. He was in position and skirmishing with the enemy. He had left Charleston, Tenn., passed around on Spring Place road, thence west by

