
My sincere condolence and high appreciation of the merits of these braves attend them.

Major Watson, Seventy-fifth Illinois, wounded by a falling tree, effects of artillery firing, deserves notice as a noble officer. Hope he may soon recover.

For more detailed accounts I refer to the accompanying reports of regimental and battery commanders.

Exhibit A* herewith gives the topography of the ground in the vicinity of the contest.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, major, your humble servant,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Camp, Blue Springs, February 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent movement upon Dalton, Ga.:

On the morning of the 22nd instant, in obedience to orders previously received from Colonel William Grose, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, at 8 a.m., I moved my command from this camp, in company with the balance of the brigade, marching in the rear of the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry into what is known as Red Clay Valley. Down this valley we marched until we reached the State line, or Red Clay Station, on the Tennessee and Georgia Railroad. Here the brigade was ordered forward to reconnoiter. With it I marched my command as far as Wade's plantation, a distance of some 3 miles beyond Red Clay Station. Here we remained a short time, when we countermarched back to station, where we encamped for the night.

February 23, remained in camp until 2.30 p.m., at which time we were again put in march by order of Colonel William Grose, the column taking a southwesterly direction toward Ellidge's Mill, on the East Chickamauga Creek. This direction we maintained until we arrived at Dr. Lee's plantation, when the column filed to the right and went into Catoosa Springs at 9 p.m.

February 24, at 10 a.m., the column was again put in motion, the Third Brigade in advance and my command as before in rear of the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers. Countermarched back to Dr. Lee's house, then filed to the right, taking a southeasterly direction toward Widow Burke's spring on the east side of Oak and Pine Ridge. We passed over the ridge. As we neared the brow of it the cavalry advance encountered the enemy's pickets and outposts, which were readily driven in by them. By direction of Colonel

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

