
Grose, I formed line of battle along the brow of the ridge, where we remained a few minutes, when we were ordered to advance in line, marching in echelon on the left of the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, with my left well retired. The detachment of the Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, which had previously been assigned to my command, under command of Lieutenant J. H. Blodgett, of this regiment, was ordered to take position on the high eminence t our left to protect our left flank. In this position we marched until we reached Mr. Ault's house, in the valley below. Having no orders to proceed farther I remained in this position until sundown, when I withdrew my command and skirmishers and countermarched to Widow Burke's farm, where we encamped for the night.

February 25, by order of Colonel Grose, commanding brigade, I broke camp and moved back with the balance of the brigade to Oak and Pine Ridge. Here we formed another line of battle, with the Thirtieth Indiana on my right and the Eightieth Illinois on my left. We were supported by the Eighty-fourth Illinois, Twenty-fourth Ohio, and Thirty-sixth Indiana in our rear. I sent Company I [Captain Hale] in front as skirmishers. In this position we advanced. Soon our skirmishers were engaged with those of the enemy. Quite a brisk fire was kept up, and it required no little effort to dislodge them from their position at Davis' house. Here we had 2 men wounded in Company A. A little later Major Watson and Private James H. Thompson, of Company K, were severely wounded by the fall of a limb from a tree, which was cut off by a shell. Our line still advanced, driving the enemy before it. I followed, when according to instructions previously received from Colonel Grose, I took a position in the edge of a narrow belt of timber, my skirmishers occupying the opposite side of it commanding an open field from 80 to 100 rods in width. From this range continuous firing was kept up until night-fall, I relieving my skirmishers every two hours.

Our entire loss during the day was 8 wounded, including the major.

At 9 p.m. I received orders to move my regiment to the rear, my skirmish line being relieved by the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers. We then marched back to the farm of Dr. Lee, which we

reached about 2 a.m., February 26.

February 26, about 9 o'clock, we moved from Lee's house and took position on an eminence about a mile south. About 12 m. our pickets were attacked by rebel cavalry, which were readily repulsed. About 4 p.m. moved in position near the Second Brigade. At 9 p.m. broke camp and moved to the Stone Church, about 3 miles from Ringgold, where we arrived at 11 p.m. and camped for the night.

February 27, marched at 12.30 o'clock, and at 6 p.m. camped on Mr. Ewing's farm.

February 28, at 7 a.m., marched in rear of the whole column as rear guard, and arrived at this camp at 1 p.m.

To the officers and men of this command I am truly grateful for their extreme kindness and promptness in obeying every order, only viewing with each other in endeavoring to do the most and do it the best. I should be doing an injustice did I fail to make special mention of the gallant conduct of Captain Hale and Lieutenants Bannister, Parrott, and Newton, in command of skirmish companies. These officers have on several occasions been worthy of special mention. Private Oscar A. Seeley, Company C, is also worthy to be mentioned. He was seriously wounded in the arm and leg. Should he recover, he is worthy of being

