
promoted for his true bravery and courage during this campaign and for other services which he has performed of a noble nature.

Below I append a list of casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel Seventy-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES McC. PRESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William M. Kilgour, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Eightieth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. 80TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFTY., Blue Springs, Tenn., March 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of casualties and part taken of this command during the recent seven days before Dalton:

This command, 8 commissioned officers, 6 acting lieutenants, and 350 men, total 364 effective men, in pursuance of orders from Colonel William Grose, commanding Third Brigade, left camp at Blue Springs, Tenn., on the morning of February 22, at 7 o'clock, and with the brigade marched to Red Clay Station, on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad. Here we halted one hour for dinner. At about 3.30 p.m. the command reached Parson Wade's, 4 miles from Red Clay. Here we came up with a small force of the enemy, who retreated in great haste on our approach. Here we formed a line of battle, the Eightieth Illinois forming the left wing of the advance line. After sending out scouts and pickets, who returned in an hour or so with 4 prisoners and reported the enemy gone, we moved back to Red Clay at sunset and camped for the night.

Next day we moved forward at 1 p.m., and reached camp near Catoosa Springs at 10 p.m.

On the 24th, we advanced toward Dalton, some 4 miles, when the Eightieth Illinois was detached from the brigade to support a section of the - battery,+ which was left to hold the hill while the remainder of the brigade moved forward. Here we threw out three companies, B, C, and G, for pickets. At 3 p.m. we advanced to within 4 miles of Dalton, and halted to guard a pass in the hills and the roads, while the brigade moved on and engaged the enemy for about one hour. After dark the brigade moved back to a big spring, some 2 miles, leaving the Eightieth now in the advance on guard and picket duty, and within a few hundred yards of the enemy's line.

Next morning, the 25th, formed the left wing of the advance and moved forward a short distance in line of battle, when we halted and threw up breast-works, and sent forward Lieutenant Clendenin, Company A, as skirmishers, who sharply engaged the enemy's skirmishers, when the column moved forward, and on the double-quick routed the enemy, who fled in confusion before us. After advancing something over a mile, we halted to await further orders, our skirmishers again engaging the enemy. Here we were under a heavy cross-fire of the enemy's artillery and skirmishers, and also were ex-

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

+Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

---------------

