
posed to great danger from falling timber and limbs of trees and from the bad firing and premature bursting of shells from our own battery, planted on the hill in our rear. Here we again threw up breast-works, and remained till 10 p.m., when we received orders and withdraw and returned to camp near Dr. Lee's.

At 8 a.m., 26th, changed camp and sent Company H on picket, under command of Orderly Sergt. J. H. McFarlane. Scarcely had Adjutant Abernathy returned from posting the pickets till the enemy's cavalry, under Wheeler, Kelly, and Davidson made their appearance. Our pickets opened a galling fire upon them, and held them in check till the regiment came to their relief. The enemy were doubtless taken by surprise, and finding it rather unpleasant, if not quite unhealthy just then, retreated, leaving the Eightieth in possession of the field, where we remained till 9 p.m., then moved back and rejoined the brigade, and at 12 m. went into camp at Catoosa Springs.

The 27th, at 1 p.., marched back to camp, a distance of 8 or 9 miles.

Sunday, the 28th, at 12 m., reached former camp at Blue Springs in good condition and fine spirits.

The officers and men of the regiment conducted themselves well, and showed great eagerness to rush upon the rebel hordes in their front, and manifested great dissatisfaction when they found it was not the intention of the move to bring on a general engagement. Our casualties were light. WE had none killed and only 4 wounded, viz, First Sergt. John Criley, Company A, slightly in knee; Third Sergt. Robert Millburn, Company H, slightly in groin; Sergt. Fryar Jobling, Company C, slightly in arm; Private John M. Holland, Company B, slightly in arm.

I cannot close without making special mention of Lieutenant Harvey Clendenin, Company A, and John H. Smith, Company B, for their gallant conduct and bravery on the skirmish line. I would also make special mention of the valuable services rendered me by Adjt. James R. Abernathy, whose gallant conduct and bravery entitle him to the highest praise.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant.

W. M. KILGOUR,

Lieutenant Colonel,75th Illinois, Commanding 80th Illinois Regiment.

Lieutenant J. McC. PRESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Louis H. Waters, Eighty-fourth Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, February 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, the participation of my command in the recent affair near Dalton:

We left our camp near Cleveland on the 22nd instant, joining our brigade near Blue Springs, with 20 offices and 293 enlisted men, and proceeded thence to the vicinity of Red Clay.

On the 23rd, we moved to the vicinity of the Fourteenth Army Corps at Catoosa Springs; and on the day following with our brigade we proceeded on a reconnaissance, crossing Tunnel ridge about

