
1 1/2 miles below Dr. Lee's farm, striking the road leading to the gap in Rocky Face Mountain, near Rogers' house, near to which we found Colonel Long's cavalry brigade.

Following this brigade within supporting distance we proceeded along the road in the direction of the gap, and soon came upon the enemy. Colonel Long's skirmishers steadily drove the enemy, my command covering his left, across the Gordon farm, and to within 1 1/2 miles of the gap. My skirmishers exchanged a few shots with a small party of the enemy on my left, but at too great a distance to have much effect. At dark we withdrew some 2 miles.

On the following morning, having been joined by the other brigades of our division and by the division of General Baird, we again advanced, my regiment being on the right of the second line to the north side of Gordon's farm, where we lay during the rest of the day.

I had 1 man severely and 1 quite slightly wounded.

At 6 p.m. I was directed to relieve the entire skirmish line of our brigade, that our forces were to withdraw, and the Fortieth Ohio and Eighty-fourth Illinois under my command to cover the withdrawal. By 10.30 p.. the whole force had withdrawn, and at 11.15 p.m. I gave the signal for my skirmishers to retire. We rejoined our battalion on the hill near Crow's house, and following the column at a distance of 2 miles or more, we reached Dr. Lee's farm at 3 a.m. that night.

On the following morning our brigade took position on the ridge we had crossed the morning before, and scarcely had we taken position before the enemy's cavalry came in sight and we were soon engaged in a brisk skirmish with them. Colonel Long's cavalry having been sent around our left to gain the enemy's rear, soon commenced skirmishing with them also, and in a few minutes the enemy were in retreat. During that night we moved to the vicinity of the Stone Church, and from thence to our present camp, which was reached on the evening of the 28th.

I had in addition to the 2 wounded before mentioned, 1 man of my pioneers wounded with an ax.

Below I append a list of the casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. WATERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant J. McC. PRESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Orrin D. Hurd, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Blue Springs,f february 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the late skirmish before Dalton, Ga.:

My regiment, consisting of 11 commissioned and 190 enlisted effective strength, moved with the brigade from camp at Blue Springs, Tenn., on the 22nd instant, at 7 a.m., toward Dalton, Ga.

Nothing of importance transpired until the morning of the 25th, when I was ordered to take position on the extreme right of the

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 3 men wounded.

---------------

