
brigade, my left resting on line and right of the Seventy-fifth Illinois. Skirmishers were thrown forward covering the front of my regiment, while the men in the line were engaged in erecting temporary works of logs and stone. At about 9 a.m. the line moved forward across the ridge and descended the slope. Here the skirmishers were hotly engaged while entering an open filed, and in fact my whole regiment was exposed to the enemy's fire. My skirmishers now rallied on the right and dislodged the enemy from an old building which served him as an excellent protection. Here the line halted a few moments, when it moved forward on the double-quick, crossing the open field a distance of about 60 rods and taking a position under cover of a fence and some timber. The skirmishers, having advanced about 120 rods from the line, gained a strong position on a light slope. The firing now became general. At about noon I was ordered to advance with my command a short distance to support a section of artillery. Temporary works were again constructed, behind which my regiment remained. Nothing of importance transpired during the remainder of the day except skirmishing, in which my whole regiment was engaged at intervals. I received [orders] to withdraw at 10.30 p.m., which I did quietly, moving with brigade; after which nothing more occurred in which my regiment had part.

The casualties in my command were as follows: Corpl. Harrison Merrills, of Lieutenant William H. H. Day's company, G; Privates Adam S. Krumer and Aaron S. Winegardner, of detachment Ninth Indiana Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant G. E. Murphy; all of whom were missing in action. The accompanying statements* from their company officer will show the facts relating to their cases. I am unable to make any report with reference to their capture.

I can but return my warmest thanks to the officers and men of my regiment for the faithful performance of their arduous duties while suffering the hardships and privations of seven days' duration.

Respectfully submitted.

O. D. HURD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES McC. PRESTON,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver H. P. Carey, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Blue Springs, March 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers in the recent actions near Dalton, Ga. Effective strength on leaving camp, 12 commissioned officers and 268 enlisted men.

February 22, was the advance regiment of the brigade, Companies A, F, and G being thrown forward as advance guard. No opposition was met until we arrived within about 12 miles of Dalton, where Company A of the advance came up to and engaged the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

