
enemy's outpost pickets, 3 of whom were captured, the rest escaping by a hasty retreat. In the evening we returned to Red Clay, where we camped.

February 23, at 2 p.m., resumed the march, which was tedious and fatiguing on account of bad roads. Arrived in the vicinity of Catoosa Springs at 11 p.m.

February 24, advanced on the road to within 5 miles of Dalton, and in the skirmish of this day was posted on a hill covering the left and protecting the rear. Was not actively engage although the skirmishers on the left were fired at, but at such long range that no execution could be done. Under orders from the brigade commander I withdrew my regiment from its position after dark a distance of 2 or 3 miles, where we rested until morning.

February 25, moved forward again, and when the lines of battle were formed about 2 miles from the position occupied by us the day before this regiment formed the left of the second line of the brigade. At a given signal we moved forward in line of battle over a very rough, uneven country, the skirmishers of the first line being constantly engaged with those of the enemy, and the occasional whistling of musket balls and crashing with shot and shell, sounds with which we had become familiar on other fields, told that we had a stubborn enemy to contend with. The line halted when we reached the hill from which we retired the evening before, and although at no time actively engaged 1 man was killed instantly and 2 wounded by the explosion of a shell. The men sheltered themselves as best they could in line, and yet the balls came in unpleasant proximity-but we suffered no further casualties. Without fires we laid in this position until 11 p.m., when, by orders from the brigade commander, I called the men to attention and retired on the road with the rest of the brigade 6 or 8 miles, where at 2 a.m. we sought rest until morning.

February 26, took position on slope of ridge awaiting orders, which soon came in the shape of picket-firing on our front. Moved to the crest of the ridge to resist an attack, which was not made. Marched down into the valley and on the Tunnel Hill road some 2 miles, where we thought we would rest for the night; but receiving orders we marched at 9 p.m., arriving near the Stone Church at 12 o'clock, and bivouacked until morning.

February 27 and 28, marched back to our old camp at this place.

The officers and men of my command deserve honorable mention for the prompt and ready willingness with which all orders were obeyed. Many of the men were almost without shoes, and yet without a murmur of complaint they marched four nights and every day of the seven while on this trip.

Had it been our lot to have gone into the battle, which we expected, I do not doubt but that the Thirty-sixth would have sustained the honor which Indiana has won by the daring gallantry of her tried and ever ready soldiers on many battle-fields, and have added new laurels to those already won during thirty months' service.

The casualties are as follows: Killed, Private Charles M. Hill, Company E. Wounded, Privates Lewis Langstone and John Jonas, Company H, both slight.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. P. CAREY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigadier, First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

