
Nothing transpired of note after the 25th, and the regiment remained with the brigade, returning to its present camp on the afternoon of the 28th.

It is only necessary to state that the conduct of both officers and men were alike, each faithfully performing their various duties throughout the entire march.

The casualties of the regiment were as follows:*

All of which I respectfully submit.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. M. COCKERILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES McC. PRESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Peter Simonson, Fifth Indiana Battery, Chief of Artillery, First, Division, Fourth Army Corps.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Blue Springs, Tenn., March 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report herewith the part taken by the artillery of the division in the recent reconnaissance:

No artillery was used until the evening of the 24th, at which time one section of Battery H, Fourth Artillery, which accompanied the Third Brigade down the valley east of Buzzard Roost ridge, fired six rounds, six rounds, checking the advance of the enemy, with whom we fought during the next day.

On the morning of the 25th, both batteries advanced with division in line of battle, each with its respective brigade, and promptly opened fire at the first appearance of the enemy's lines. They then advanced until our lines were opened on by the opposing artillery, when for the purpose of getting a cross-fire on the rebel artillery, I sent the Fifth Indiana Battery to the hill on the left of the road, and Battery H to the high ground well on the right of the road, which threw this battery in front of the lines of Baird's division.

The Fifth Indiana from the hill, by their firing, caused the enemy's battery to change position twice, after which the enemy took position behind the crest of opposing ridge, from which place we did not succeed in dislodging them. One section of Battery H was moved to an advanced position on our lines for the purpose of getting an enfilading fire along the ridge immediately opposite to us, but owing to the enemy having the advantage of the crest of the hill we did not succeed in driving them, although the section maintained its position under a severe fire throughout the day. During the heavy firing on the right of Baird's division the other four guns of Battery H materially assisted our troops [engaged there], although they were obliged to change their position once or twice to avoid the fire of the enemy's musketry.

---------------

*Nominal list [omitted] shows 12 men wounded.

---------------

