
The Fifth Indiana during the remainder of the day kept up a desultory artillery duel with the enemy on the opposite ridge without apparently effecting anything on either side, the enemy's fire being at times very close but not effective. The firing was quite slow, owing to the woods obstructing the view, and we only slow, owing to the woods obstructing the view, and we only being able to fire when we could see the smoke of the enemy's guns.

At night the artillery quietly withdrew with the balance of the command.

There were 452 rounds of ammunition expended during the action, 250 by the Fifth Indiana and 202 by Battery H.

The officers and men of the entire command behaved well. Lieutenant Warner, of Battery H, deserves special mention for the persistence with which he maintained his section in the exposed situation mentioned before. Also Lieutenant G. H. Briggs, Fifth Indiana Battery, for his coolness under fire. I also desire to mention Lieutenant H. E. Stansbury, who owing to the scarcity of officers in Battery H, took command of a section of that battery on the 24th and managed it well.

The loss was 1 man severely wounded and 5 horses disabled.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER SIMONSON,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, First Div., 4th Army Corps.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant William H. Heilman, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY H, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY, Blue Springs, Tenn., February 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery, under my command, left camp at Blue Springs, Tenn., on Monday, the 22nd day of February, 1864, and proceeded with the brigade to Red Clay, Ga., where I sent one section, commanded by Lieutenant C. N. Warner, Fourth U. S. Artillery, with the brigade on a reconnaissance. It returned at sunset, and the battery remained at Red Clay until the following morning, February 23, when it proceeded to Catoosa Springs.

On the following morning, February 24, it returned to Lee's house, where it remained until the next morning, with the exception of one section, which I sent with the brigade on a reconnaissance to Buzzard Roost Gap, where it was brought into action in skirmishing with the enemy; no casualties.

On the morning following, February 25, I proceeded with the other two sections of the battery and joined section and brigade at Widow Burke's. I then proceeded to the gap on the left of Davis' house, where the whole battery was brought into action. I received orders shortly afterward to report with two sections to General Baird, which I did, leaving one section under the command of Lieutenant C. N. Warner, Fourth U. S. Artillery, with the brigade. I immediately put my battery into position, and was engaged with the

