
enemy until sunset. I was compelled several times to change my position on account of the accuracy of the enemy's firing, and also to replace ammunition.

During the engagement 1 man was seriously wounded, 3 horses killed and 2 disabled.

I expended during the action with the whole battery over 100 rounds of ammunition. The firing was very correct, and the men behaved gallantly.

About 10 o'clock the same night, February 25, I reported to my brigade commander, when I returned with my battery and brigade to Lee's house.

On the following morning, February 26, I proceeded to Anderson's house, and in the afternoon to Israel's house, where I remained until 9 p.m., when I proceeded to Jack's house, remaining there until noon of the 27th, when I marched to Ewing's farm and encamped until the morning of the 28th, when the line of march was again taken up, and I returned to Blue Springs, Tenn., where the battery is now encamped.

List of casualties: Private Dempsey seriously wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

WM. H. HEILMAN,

First Lieutenant, 15th U. S. Infantry, Commanding Battery.

Colonel WILLIAM GROSE,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 15. Congratulatory orders from Headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 3. Chattanooga, Tenn., March 1, 1864.

The general commanding tenders his warmest thanks to the officers and soldiers engaged in the late offensive reconnaissance toward Tunnel Hill and Dalton. By their zeal, patience, and courage on the march and under the fire of the enemy, they have won a new and stronger claim to his confidence and respect. In discipline, the general conduct claim to his confidence and respect. In discipline, the general conduct of all was unexceptionable. Still it is the duty of the general commanding to say thee was some wanton destruction of property [the work of stragglers from the march and skulkers from the field], which, for himself and the soldiers under his command, he disavowed and condemns. We are the soldiers of a constitutional government, and are fighting to restore to the people of these unhappy States who are groaning under the relentless, crushing despotism of traitors and usurpers, the blessings f free and equal laws. Jealous of the honor of American soldiers, the general trusts that every officer and soldier of his command will feel that disorder and disregard for the rights of the peaceable citizens of the country is as disgraceful as cowardice. No brave man will oppress the weak and defenseless.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

D. W. NORTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

