
Next morning broke station and went to Ringgold. The fog being very heavy, did not succeed in opening with mountain station until 10 a.m.

The general commanding informed me that General Baird's division would occupy Ringgold, and directed me to keep the line open to Chattanooga, and instruct the officers on mountain station to make close observation to the front of the movements of the enemy and report. To carry out the general's orders I placed Lieutenant Flook on Ringgold station, and ordered Lieutenant Howgate to report to me for instructions. After making all the arrangements that were deemed necessary, Lieutenant Howgate to report to me for instructions. After making all the arrangements that were deemed necessary, Lieutenant Ayers and myself started for Chattanooga, where we arrived the same evening, reporting to you in person.

During most of the time we experienced very unfavorable weather, and in consequence of the fog and smoke could only work at intervals, which fact the general was aware of, and made due allowance.

The general working of the line was good, with the exception of Missionary Ridge station. The causes why said station did not answer promptly the calls from Pea Vine station I have not investigated, but would respectfully refer to Lieutenant Hollopeter's report, report of messages, time, &amp;c.

I also send reports of Lieutenants Howgate and Flook, and report of messages received and transmitted by them.*

In conclusion, it is but justice to state that the efficiency of the line was due to the prompt and energetic manner with which Lieutenants Howgate, Hollopeter, Quinton, Flook, and Taylor discharged their duties.

Respectfully submitted.

C. R. CASE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain P. BABCOCK, JR.,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure.]

Message report of stations on Thorman's Ridge, 1 1/2 miles south of Graysville, from February 22 to March 1, 1864, worked by Lieutenants Hollopeter and Quinton.

THORMAN'S RIDGE, GA., February 22, 1864.

Captain CASE:

General Thomas wishes the news from the front,

J. L. HOLLOPETER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

RINGGOLD, GA., February 22, 1864.

Captain BABCOCK:

We hold Ringgold; we have three stations; work one myself.

C. R. CASE,

Captain, Commanding Sig. Detch., 14th Army Corps.

---------------

*Howgate's report not found.

---------------

