
Communication closed on account of rain until the 26th, at which time communication was with station on Pea Vine, instead of Missionary Ridge.

TUNNEL HILL, GA.,

February 26, 1864.

Captain BABCOCK:

Drove the enemy but little yesterday.

C. R. CASE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

RINGGOLD, GA.,

February 26, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Left Tunnel Hill at 9 o'clock. Troops retiring without trouble.

PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Weather unfavorable. Communication closed on account of rain and fog until March 1, 1864.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Graysville, Ga., March 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the division under my command in the recent demonstrations before Dalton. This report has been delayed under the belief that none would be required, as the corps commander was present and superintended the movements in person:

The movement having been decided upon, I received an order to get my division in readiness to march, with three days' rations. A very few wagons were allowed each brigade, the teams of which were to be supplied with three days' forage. Owing to the bad condition of my horses it was deemed advisable to take only one section without the caissons.

At early dawn, February 22, the division moved in the direction of Rossville, whit King's brigade in advance, followed by Carlin's, which latter was followed by the Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Hambright. Arriving at Rossville we took the direct Ringgold road, preceded by a part of Colonel Harrison's regiment, Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry. On arriving at the Chickamauga a temporary bridge was constructed over which the men passed, while the artillery, wagons, &c., forded at a point near by. This proved to be a very tedious operation, and delayed our movements a good deal. On arriving at Ringgold it was found to be occupied by only a small picket of the enemy, which fled on the appearance of Colonel Harrison with his mounted men. The division entered and took possession of the village. The gap beyond

