
left. We drove the enemy steadily for about 2 miles, where a barricade of rails was discovered about 400 yards in front, from which a heavy volley was opened on my line. to avoid the necessity of advancing my men over an open field under so short a fire, I directed Colonel Briant, Eighty-eighth Indiana, to move rapidly though a skirt of timber on the right and seize a hill to the right and rear of the enemy, which would have cut off the retreat of the enemy on the main road, or would compel him to fall back from his breast-works to prevent such a result. The movement of Colonel Briant was discovered by the enemy, who immediately abandoned his strong position and retreated toward Tunnel Hill, closely pursued by us.

On arriving within 500 yards of the town, Colonel Harrison, whit only 25 men, charged on the enemy and put him to a most disgraceful flight through the town of Tunnel Hill. This was the most gallant and handsome exploit of cavalry I ever witnessed. Had it occurred in the early days of the war it would have immortalized the gallant men engaged in it. Though no large force was discovered at tunnel, the strength of the position, the fortifications, and the certainty that there were some troops behind the works, rendered it advisable not to make an attack whit only four small regiments-less than 1,000 men. The enemy opened a battery on us as soon as we came in view. General Johnson, commanding division, being present, direct en to return with my command to the main force, and I accordingly encamped near Catoosa that night.

My loss in this affair was 2 men severely wounded in the Eighty-eighth Indiana, and 1 (First Sergt. James Jackson), Company B, Nineteenth Illinois, killed, and 1 private wounded in the Tenth Wisconsin.

On the 24th, we advanced again to Tunnel Hill, where we remained inactive till near night, when we crossed the hill and camped.

On the 25th, I advanced toward Buzzard Roost Gap, being a reserve all that day. In conformity with the plan of General Johnson, submitted to me, I occupied a position till all the forces in my front had been withdrawn to the rear, and acted as rear guard to Catoosa.

On the 26th, I marched to Tyner's Station and camped.

The Second Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Colonel a. G. McCook) having been detailed on the 23rd to hold the ridge south of Ringgold Gap, the Nineteenth Illinois was assigned to my command for the special service of the advance on tunnel on the 23rd.

It is with great pleasure I can heartily testify to the gallant conduct of all the officers and enlisted men under my command, including the Nineteenth Illinois Infantry and Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry. Captain R. J. Waggener, assistant adjutant-general, and Surg. B. F. Miller, acting brigade surgeon, both on my staff, merit my gratitude for their efficiency in their respective departments.

The following is a list of the killed and wounded:*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 killed and 3 wounded.

---------------

