
each of Hotchkiss' and Harris' batteries kept up their fire upon the enemy's rifle-pits, at length brought a response both from his artillery and infantry, disclosing his position completely. Three batteries opened fire from different well-selected points and operated for several rounds with great fierceness upon our artillery and skirmish lines without, however, doing much execution except upon that part of the line composed of the Tenth Michigan and Sixtieth Illinois Regiments. these regiments formed the attacking party on the left, and became considerably exposed to an enfilading fire of artillery, as well as a direct fire of infantry in front. They lost heavily, but their fire told with charming effect upon the enemy, and caused him a loss fully equal to their own. The gallant attack and excellent manner in which they fell back under fire proved them worthy of the title of "Veteran Volunteers," which they had just assumed by re-enlisting.

McCook's skirmishers on the right were better protected by the hills and timber, and lost less heavily. They were well commanded; also their conduct was exceedingly complimentary to both officers and men.

The remainder of the evening was spent in a well-matched contest of sharpshooting by the skirmish lines until dark. The artillery subsisted into a similar contest, and was well maintained by our four pieces against considerable odds.

Captain Harris, commanding one of General Baird's batteries, as section of which was hotly engaged during the whole afternoon, was severely wounded and carried from the field. He proved himself a gallant officer and worthy commander. His officers and men, a s did those of the Second Minnesota Battery, manned their guns with great coolness and promptness. I regret to report that some of their ammunition was not of the best quality.

At dark two brigades of General Johnson's division relieved my troops in the front hill, thus enabling them to get rest and refreshments, which they had been almost entirely deprived of for thirty-six hours.

The enemy's position, as disclosed by this demonstration, was a very strong one, and completely commanded the gap. The force immediately in our front proved to be three field batteries strongly posted, supported by Stewart's division of infantry. The natural advantage of the enemy's position at this point would render an attempt to carry it exceedingly hazardous.

Major-General Thomas, commanding the department, arrived at my headquarters late in the evening, and the following morning (the 26th) visited with me the front lines.

About 9 a. m. Colonel Boone, commanding a part of the cavalry on our right, reported with his command from Nickajack Gap, with information that Cleburne's division had driven our cavalry from this place and taken possession of it. Colonel Boone was immediately ordered back in that direction to watch the enemy's movements, and to report frequently during the day, which he did. No advance was discovered.

The troops occupied the position at Buzzard Roost until night, skirmishing occasionally throughout the day with the enemy's pickets and sharpshooters. At dark, in compliance with orders from General Palmer, I withdrew my entire command and marched to Ringoold.

The following day (27th), in compliance with orders, I left the

