
Second Brigade, now command by Colonel J. G. Mitchell, to report to General Baird, and marched with Morgan's and McCook's to our camp at this place, arriving late in the evening.

On the 29th, Colonel Mitchell, being relieved from duty at Pea Vine Creek, reported and went into camp with his command.

During these active operations my command, from brigade commanders down, gave additional proofs of their zeal and efficiency.

Wherever the foe was met in the several sharp skirmishes which distinguished this reconnaissance the most enthusiastic and chivalrous spirit was manifested. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is shown in the accompanying report.

The report of the brigade and such of the regimental commanders as have been received are herewith transmitted, and attention asked tot hem or many details necessarily omitted in this.

Among the wounded and captured was Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson, Tenth Michigan Regiment, a gallant and distinguished officer. His loss is deeply felt by his regiment, having long been its commander.

Throughout the expedition the conduct of the different staff officers was characterized by promptness and zeal, yet I cannot close without alluding tot he conspicuous gallantry of Captain Wiseman, assistant adjutant-general on General Morgan's staff, so often exhibited in the performance of his duty at the front in the skirmish line.

The efficiency of my own staff, so often tested on many hard fought fields, was, whenever occasion required it, promptly exhibited. To them and to the brigade commanders and their staffs, one and all, I would respectfully tender my grateful thanks for their co-operation and assistance throughout the campaign.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Major D. W. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

List of Casualties in Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Regiment.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggre-

 	 	 	 gate.

10th Michigan Volunteer	 13	 35	 17	 65

Infantry.

60th Illinois Volunteer	 1	 34	 9	 44

Infantry.

85th Illinois Volunteer	 3	 11	 ...	 14

Infantry.

86th Illinois Volunteer	 1	 7	 ...	 8

Infantry.

Total.	 18	 87	 26	 131

Numbers 20. Report of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Rossville, Ga., March 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith my report of the part taken by my command in the recent reconnaissance toward Dalton:

At 8 a. m. on the morning of the 23rd of February, in compliance with verbal orders received from division headquarters, which eight

