
At sundown was relieved by General King's brigade (regulars), First Division, and took up a position to the left and rear of his line, remaining there during the 26th (Major McDonald arriving during the night with four companies) until after dark, when, by order of division commander, marched to our camp of the 23rd, west of the East Chickamauga, arriving there at 2 a. m. on the 27th. At 2 p. m. moved to brigade camp, near Rossville, in charge of corps train.

In closing this report I wish to bear willing testimony to the universal good conduct of officers and men during the reconnaissance. The cool and gallant conduct of all under a severe and destructive fire is worthy of all praise, and I also wish to mention that both these regiments had re-enlisted as veterans and expected furloughs for home the day they moved to the front.

Colonel Anderson and Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, of the Sixtieth Illinois, were active and prompt in the discharge of their respective duties; also Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson and Major Brunett, of the Tenth Michigan; and I can overlook the error of Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson of moving without orders from the motive that caused it and in his gallant conduct while under fire, and retreat his being a prisoner.

The members of my staff, Captain Wiseman, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Richman, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Stinson, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Coe, acting assistant quartermaster, were all active in the discharge of their respective duties. I recommend them all as meritorious and efficient officers.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure A.]

List of casualties referred to in report.

Regiment.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

10th Michigan Infantry.	 13	 35	 17

60th Illinois Infantry.	 1	 34	 9

Total.	 14	 69	 26

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Daniel McCook, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,March 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the late reconnaissance toward Dalton:

My brigade joined the division via Graysville at Ringgold upon the 23rd of February.

On the 24th, with the division, it advanced as far as Buzzard Roost Gap, where the enemy were found in force. That night the Eighty-sixth and Eighty-fifth Regiments Illinois Volunteers were put on picket to the right of the railroad. Strong pickets were also thrown out on the right flank.

