
The next morning an advance of the skirmish line was ordered. Although the sun and haze were in favored of the enemy we steadily pushed them all day, until we got within 75 yards of their barricades, our skirmishers keeping three or four cannon from being used by the enemy. About the middle of the afternoon, in reply to some of our artillery, the rebels opened a very heavy fire. Under this the reserves of the Eighty-sixth and Eighty-fifth Regiments were moved up to the skirmish line. Our artillery was os admirably served that it managed to kill one man at least, who belonged to the Eighty-fifth Illinois (vide Colonel Dilworth's report). The skirmishers were forced so far front that they were subject to a rear, flank, and front fire, yet they held their advanced position until relieved by General Johnson's men after dark. I commend their gallantry, coolness, and tenacity, under such galling circumstances, to my superiors. Every man and officer did his duty.

Colonels Dilworth and Mageen and Major Fahnestock are recommended for bravery and judgment on the field. To the members of my staff, Captains Anderson and Fellows, Lieutenants Rogers and Batchleder, I am under many obligations for dash, promptness,a nd daring.

My loss was 4 killed, 18 wounded, none missing.

Only six companies of the command fired a shot, and only sixteen companies under musketry fire. The enemy was in heavy force in our immediate front.

Inclose please find the regimental reports* of Colonels Dilworth and Magee.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL MCCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Henry R. Flook, Acting Signal Officer, Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., February 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations during the late reconnaissance made by the Fourteenth Army Corps, under the command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

At 10 a. m., February 23, I received a verbal order from Captain Babcock, chief signal officer, Department of the Cumberland, to proceed to Ringgold, Ga., and report to Captain C. R. Case for duty. Immediately upon my arrival there I was placed on duty at headquarters station, and during the night transmitted two very important messages from Brigadier-General Whipple, chief of staff to Major-General Thomas, at Chattanooga.

On the morning of the 24th, we moved front and opened communication with the station on White Oak Mountain from a house on the Tunnel Hill road, about 1 mile south of the Stone Church. A few

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

