
messages of minor character were sent and received at this station, and the line was working well. At noon we moved forward to Terrill's farm, 1 miles this side of Tunnel Hill, and again opened with Lieutenants Howgate and Taylor on White Oak Mountain. At this station we remained until the following day, during which time several important messages were received and transmitted.

During the p. m. of the 25th, I was ordered to the station on Terrill's farm, and at dark again opened with station on White Oak Mountain, but sent or received no official messages. The troops were now retiring from Tunnel Hill, and I was ordered to Catoosa railroad station,where I arrived at 10.50 p. m., and from there transmitted one important message to Major-General Thomas.

The following morning I moved into Ringgold and established station at General Baird's headquarters, at which place I opened with Lieutenants Howgate and Taylor, and was directed to remain here until further orders. During the time the reconnaissance was being made we experienced very unfavorable weather for signaling, and in consequence of the fog and smoke could only work at intervals, which fact the commanding general was aware of and made due allowance.

General Baird, commanding division, now at this place, expresses himself well pleased whit the reports that have been sent to him from the station of observation on White Oak Mountain.

I take pleasure in noticing Lieutenants Howgate and Taylor (the only officers with whom I communicated), who, by their vigilance and promptness in replying to calls, proved their ability and efficiency as signal officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. FLOOK,

First Lieutenant, Acting Signal Officer.

Captain C. R. CASE,

Commanding Signal Detachment.

Numbers 23. Report of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., March 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 22nd day of February, 1864, my brigade, consisting of the Eleventh, Eighty-ninth, and Ninety-second Ohio, and Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, in all 1,180 men, marched from Chattanooga to Ringgold, Ga., and encamped with the Second Brigade of our division.

On the 23rd, we passed Ringgold and camped 2 miles beyond the gap at the Rock [Stone] Church.

On the 24th, the division moved to Terrill's house and camped there.

On the 25th, at 3 a. m., the division moved across the country to the left, and joined General Cruft's command on the Cleveland and

