
Dalton road. Forming on the right of General Cruft's we advanced along the valley east of Rocky Face Ridge, my brigade being formed in two lines, three regiments in one line and one in reserve, the Second Brigade being on my left.

When the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, moving in column on the road, approached the point A, the enemy opened with two pieces of artillery posted on the left of the grove C. Their range was so accurate that the first shell wounded 5 of our men.

The Eleventh Ohio Volunteers deployed in the field, the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers in the thicket on the left, the Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers formed in the woods behind and to the right of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers formed in the woods behind and to the right of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, and Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers was et along the foot of the ridge across the ravine toward the log house B. Besides the line of skirmishers on our front (two companies from each of the two regiments) I sent two companies from the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers and one company from each of the other regiments, in all five companies, on the slope and to the top of the ridge to protect our right from the enfilanding fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, posted on the slope of the ridge.

The ridge being very steep, a great many sharp and short spurs from it forme abrupt ravines, steep hills, and sometimes isolated knolls, filling the side of the valley at the foot of the ridge, and forming when occupied by the enemy a series of impregnable positions.

After some skirmishing with the enemy occupying the knoll and grove C, four pieces of Captain Simonson's (Indiana) battery, forming on the right of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, shelled the grove for a half four, and the enemy ceased firing.

The Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, occupying the knob in front of the log-house, reported that the enemy were strong in their front. Reports from the companies on the slope of the ridge corroborated the report of the Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, and Captain Layman, of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, sent me information from the top of the ridge that at least a division of the enemy was lying on our front.

General Palmer wished me to charge and take possession of the grove C. I reported to him that I had information from the different regiments that the enemy was too strong on my front, and that it would be dangerous to charge to the left while my flank was unprotected.

About noon General Baird directed my whole brigade to the right, and it was formed with the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers at the foot of the ridge, the Eighty-ninth Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers, on the knoll D, Called Sugar Loaf Point, and the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers at the log-house.

While at the log-house General Whipple, chief of staff of Department of the Cumberland, urged me to charge the grove C, supposing that it was the key of the position, and that if taken it would open the gap beyond Buzzard Roost where General Davis' column was stopped by the enemy.

Before directing my command to charge the grove C, which was to our left, I ordered the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, supported by the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers, to move to the front to provoke the enemy and oblige him to show his force. The regiment moved down the ravine and commenced to climb the opposite hill, but the enemy in front and on the flank opened such a murderous

