
fire that the regiment was broken in the twinkling of an eye. The enemy pursuing, several companies of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers broke also, but Captain Grosvenor of that regiment, with about 60 men, charged the scattering enemy and drove them back to their position.

At the same time the enemy charged the Eighty-ninth Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers, posted on the knoll D, but were repulsed and followed by our men down the slope into the ravine and up the hill for some distance, when they, being re-enforced, covered our advancing men with volleys and drove them back. We retained our position, but in ten minutes lost 86 men and Lieutenant-Colonel Slocum, commanding Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers, who was very dangerously wounded.

This attempt to advance showed clearly what danger was in store not only for my brigade but the whole division. If I had moved to the left and attacked the grove C the enemy would have taken me in flank, thrown me on the Second Brigade in disorder, and attacked the Second Brigade in flank also.

Two regiments of the Third Brigade were now move to support me on the right. After our short but sharp fighting all was quiet on our front until night, we not daring to advance and the enemy quietly waiting.

According to the information from the officers posted on the ridge, it appears that the enemy occupied in strong force the hills at the foot of the ridge on my front and the groves on the ridge east of us in General Cruft's front, posting some cavalry in the open valley between these two outstretched fists sa bait for our advance, while his main reserves were massed back in the open fields ready to support the right or left, or be hurled on the center. About a division, posted in three lines, with a strong battery on their right, supported by another line of infantry, was on our front, and in action only the first line of rebel infantry participated.

We paid unfortunately for our success in discovering the "bear in his den" by a loss of 9 killed and 78 wounded, among the latter Lieutenant Colonel Paul E. Slocum.

Among the officers who distinguished themselves in our short but sever encounter I must mention Captain Edward Grosvenor, of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteers, who, while several companies of that regiment broke, with 28 men of his own and 20 men of other companies, rushed forward to the support of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, charged on the enemy scattering in pursuit of our men, drove them back, and retained his position in the front during the whole afternoon.

I especially commend him the the favorable consideration of the general commanding the department, as an officer who showed his bravery and coolness in the battles of Chickamauga and Mission Ridge, leading his regiment in the latter battle after Lieutenant-Colonel Putnam was wounded, and now showing his pluck again so conspicuously and opportunely. I earnestly recommend him for promotion.

among the enlisted men the color bearers of the regiment behaved bravely. They deserve great credit for their gallantry.

The small size of the regiments and brigades of our army mix up our ideas about their capacities. Forgetting to ascertain the number of men, a brigade is assigned sometimes to a duty requiring a division. This may lead often to very grave consequences.

