
Tuesday, February 23, about 12 m., moved across the creek and halted until near night, then moved forward, passing through Ringgold, and over a narrow road though the gap between Taylor's and White Oak Ridges, about 3 miles, and again bivouacked for the night on the banks of the Chickamauga, near the Stone Church.

On Wednesday, February 24, about 10 a. m., moved across the creek and took position on a ridge running north and south on the left of our brigade, which as formed in line of battle in the valley. In this position we remained until near night, when the regiment was withdrawn, and rejoining the brigade moved out ont he Ringgold and Dalton road and bivouacked for the night near Tunnel Hill.

Thursday morning, February 25, moved out about 3 a. m., and crossed to another road leading from Ringgold to Dalton, where we found General Cruft's division of the Fourth Corps. Shortly after coming up with this force barks skirmishing commenced ont he road in our front, and our brigade was withdrawn and marched over the hill to our right, and together with the Third Brigade of our division formed in line of battle in Stony [Rocky] Face Valley. In this order we proceeded some distance, when the Eighty-second Regiment was marched by the right flank to a road skirting a field, along which we proceeded some distance, until fired upon by a battery, the second shot from which wounded Captain Marcellus Fee, of Company F, and 2 privates. The regiment then changed direction tot he right, and formed column by division, doubled on the center, under cover of a low ridge, which partially shielded us from the fire of the enemy's battery. We had not long lain in this position, however, when we were again ordered out, and, supported by the Eighty-second Indiana and Eighty-ninth Ohio Regiments, engaged the enemy, forcing them off of the first ridge on our font, of which we took possession. It was then ordered that at a given signal we should charge the next ridge in front of us, but information was now communicated by the officer commanding the skirmishers that the enemy were in strong force in the ravine and ont he hills. General Tuchin, upon being informed of this, sen orders to us to remain in our present position until re-enforcements were brought to us. The Eleventh Ohio was now sent up to support our right flank, and the Ninety-second Ohio was now sent up to support our right flank, and the Ninety-second Ohio to be held in reserve. The Eleventh Ohio was then ordered to advance, and soon became hotly engaged, when the Eighty-ninth Ohio Eighty-second Indiana, then under command of Lieutenant Colonel Paul E. Slocum, were ordered forward. The Eleventh Ohio being repulsed sand closely followed by the enemy, our attention was drawn to the top of the ridge upon which we were lying. When we reached the top the firing became general, and after some minutes' sharp fighting the enemy were driven from the place of the opposite ridge to its top, closely followed but he eighty-second Indiana and Eighty-ninth Ohio Regiments, encouraged by the presence of General Tuchin, who gallantly appeared and exposed his life on horseback through the thickest of the fifth. We passed over the ridges, which were very steep, when we were met by a murderous fire from a greatly superior force of the enemy and compelled to retire again to the first ridge.

In this charge or loss in wounded was 22, among whom were 2 color bearers, Colonel-Sergt. John D. Wilson and Corps. Edgar B. Bishop, both of Company C. The colors were, however, safely brought off by Corpl. N. J. Arwine, of Company H.

