
for Red Clay, distance 13 miles, at which place it arrived and reported to Brigadier-General Cruft, commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps, at 11 a. m. of the same day, as per Special Orders, Numbers --, from headquarters Detachment Fifteenth Army Corps.

At Red Clay this brigade formed the left of the line, with its right resting on the railroad, while its left extended to the base of the hill on the southeast, four regiments in position with two (Twelfth Indiana Infantry Volunteers and Ninety-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers) thrown forward one-half mile to the left and front as pickets. At 3 p. m. the march was resumed, with this brigade in rear. When the command went into bivouac at 11 p. m. near Catoosa Springs, this brigade had marched over 25 mils. Here again it took position on the left, picketing the gap and roads in rear.

February 24, 10 a. m., in advance to Lee's house, on same road traveled previous evening, distance 2 1/2 miles. Here the brigade was ordered to take position with its right resting on the crest of a hill fronting south, and picketing front and both flanks, in which position the brigade remained until dark, when it went into bivouac in column by wing right in front.

February 25, 4 a. m., moved southeast to a point some 3 miles distant from Buzzard Roost Gap. Here the brigade was put in position as reserve, in rear of the center of the first line of battle. In this position the brigade was formed in column by wing right in front, with two regiments in the left wing. The Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry Volunteers, having been detailed to guard the brigade train, was left in rear. As the line advanced on Buzzard Roost Gap the reserve was made to conform as near as possible to the movements of the line, keeping its relative position in rear of the center.

During the acting I was called on for the following details: 9 a. m., Ninety-ninth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Captain Farrar commanding, to support the line on the right, reported to Colonel Grose; 11 a. m., Twelfth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James Goodnow commanding, same duty, reported to Colonel Grose. At 1 p. m. both of the above regiments had reported back, and were placed in the reserve. Three p. m., One hundred and third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Major A. Willison commanding, and Ninety-ninth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Captain Farrar commanding, were sent to the support of battery on the right. Six p. m., by order of the general commanding, I moved with Twelfth Indiana Volunteers and Thirty-second Missouri Volunteers across the valley to our left to guard a gap, where it was thought the enemy might attempt a flank movement, distance 1 1/2 miles. At 10 p. m. I moved to the position occupied on the evening of the 25th instant, south of Lee's house, where the brigade went into bivouac at 2 a. m. of the 26th.

At 8.30 a. m., 26th, moved southeast 1 1/2 miles and took position on both sides of the gap in the mountain, so as to guard the pass, with pickets thrown well forward. At 4 p. m. the enemy's scouts appeared, and were fired upon by the vedettes on the ridge in front. At 10 p. m. the brigade was in motion for the Stone Church, near Catoosa Station, where, owing to delays caused by the column in advance, it did not arrive until 2 a. m. of the 27th, at which time it went into bivouac fronting to the rear.

February 27, at 1 p. m., the brigade was put in motion and took its position in the column, in rear of Colonel Grose's brigade; marched

