
6 miles, and bivouacked in an open field, 4 miles west of Red Clay. February 28, at 7 a. m., the brigade was in motion for Cleveland, where it arrived and was reported to Brigadier-General Matthies at 2 p. m., as per Special Orders, Numbers --, from headquarters First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

The entire march was made without loss in any manner whatever.

In closing this report I desire to say that in the execution of your various orders I have had the most hearty co-operation from the commanding officers of the regiments under my command, and both officers and men are deserving the highest commendation for their promptness and efficiency.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. A. DICKERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 26. Reports of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

NEAR BURNT MILL, ON CLEVELAND AND SPRING PLACE ROAD,

February 22, 1864-2.20 p. m.

GENERAL: Please find below a copy of dispatch received by me yesterday (21st) evening at 4 p. m.:

CHATTANOOGA, February 21, 1864.

Colonel ELI LONG:

Move out upon Spring Place road with 600 men and establish communication with Cruft at Red Clay. Push on as far as possible in direction of Dalton, keeping up communication with Cruft to observe movements of enemy, and prevent or give timely warning of any attack of enemy to turn Cruft's left flank. Should the enemy retire, send word to Cruft that he may advance from Red Clay.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I left Calhoun at 6 a. m. this morning with 600 cavalrymen, with ten wagons with forage, and four ambulances. I hardly think they could have known the location of the roads at department headquarters, for this is the nearest point on this (Cleveland and Spring Place) road to Red Clay, and it (Red Clay) is 10 or 12 miles from here. I shall encamp to-night at some mills nearly 2 miles from here on the Connesauga, where I shall remain until I hear something from you. If not inconsistent, please explain to me as clearly as you can what is expected of my command.

Very respectful, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Cav. Div.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Red Clay.

P. S.-I have met or heard of nothing as yet.

E. L.

