
gap, however. A few minutes since about 40 infantry skirmishers move dup on our right, advancing toward your lines. The rebel lines, I think, extend farther east than yours. At any rate, they came to the foot of the ridge I have been occupying, and I think there may be soem danger of their lapping you on your left unles syou lines extend completely across the valley in which your left rested this morning. Please let me know for my guidance where your left now is. Cannot your quartermaster send me some forga? Your commissary would not deliver me any rations on Captain Kniffin's order, which please find inclosed with note of commissary.

Respectfully,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Cav. Div.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Commanding Division.

P. S.-The rebel cavalry pickets are in sight in our front.

Please indorse Captain Kniffin's order, so that I can get the rations.

E. L.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV. CAVALRY,Near Lee's House, Ga., February 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In compliance with orders received February 21, 1864, from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, I left Calhoun, Tenn., Monday, February 22, 1864, in command of 600 men (350 mounted infantry and 250 cavalry), and marched out on the Spring Place road. Monday evening I encamped near the house of Mr. Waterhouse, on Connesauga River, about 30 miles south of Calhoun. I met no enemy during the day.

I left my encampment near Waterhouse's Tuesday morning, February 23, at 7 a. m. (having communicated with General Cruft a Red Clay the night before), and marched toward Dalton. My advance guard drove in the enemy's vedettes when within 4 miles of Dalton. I immediately pushed on my column rapidly and attacked a regiment of rebel infantry, which was encamped within 3 miles of Dalton, driving them from their camp and capturing 12 prisoners belonging to a Mississippi regiment. The enemy then formed, and I withdrew my command to Russell's Mill, distance of 4 miles east of Varnell's Station, and encamped for the night. There I received a communication from Major-General Palmer requesting me to advance in the morning, February 24, in the direction of Dalton via Varnell's Station.

I left my encampment at Russell's Mill at 6 a. m., February 24, and reached Varnell's about 7, where I halted until about 10 a. m., in the mean time sending small forces on the different roads leading from Varnell's. They met no enemy, and I pushed on toward Dalton, marching on a road running parallel to the Cleveland and Dalton railroad. When within 5 miles of Dalton I met with the enemy's pickets. My advance squadron drove them to within 3 miles of Dalton. I then fell back 2 miles, and drew my command up in line on a ridge 1 mile west of the railroad awaiting movements

