
of the enemy. I remained in my position, when I was joined by Colonel Grose, commanding a brigade of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps. Soon after the arrival of Colonel Grose, I dismounted my command and advanced in line against the enemy, driving their skirmishers about a mile in the direction of their camp, but there I was compelled to fall back, being attacked by a brigade of rebel infantry, who were firing at my men from behind log-huts. I fell back to the line of Colonel Grose, and soon afterward (as it was nearly dark) retired about 2 miles to the rear, where I encamped for the night.

The next morning, February 25, I took a position on the left of our infantry lines and advanced as they did. I moved up about half a mile, when my men became engaged with the enemy. I was then joined by 100 men of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. I pressed on against the enemy until I had gotten a short distance in advance of the left of our infantry lines. I then halted, and remained in my position during the remainder of the day. At dark I retired about a mile to the rear where I remained until 11 o'clock p. m., when I moved my command back on the Dalton and Varnell's Station road, about 3 miles from the place where we fought during the day.

On the morning of the 26th, I moved to Lee's house, where our infantry was encamped, and remained there until about 1 p. m., at which time our pickets were fired upon by the enemy's cavalry, when I marched out and drove the rebels off. I followed them about 2 1/2 miles in the direction of Tunnel Hill, when I returned to my camp of the morning.

My horses had had very little forage, not being able to draw any and there being very little in the country. I could not have pursued the rebel cavalry vigorously if the country had admitted of it, which it did not.

During the night our infantry fell back to a place near Catoosa Platform, and I am now near my camp of yesterday.

The following is the list* of casualties in my command since February 22.

I had no means of ascertaining the injury done the enemy, but it was reported that 8 bodies were left on the field. I took 23 prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Cav.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV. CAV.,Red Hill Valley, 12 Miles from Cleveland, Tenn., Feb. 27, 1864.

SIR: After I had left the vicinity of General Cruft's division and come about 20 miles therefrom, he being at Catoosa Platform, a sergeant of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry brought me word that General Cruft was being attacked by rebel cavalry, but as General Cruft expressed no desire for me to return I did not go back, it

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 1 man killed, 19 men wounded, and 2 men missing.

---------------

