
of battle; by his order I formed my command on the left of his line, covering the Dalton rail and dirt roads. In this position we moved about 1 mile, driving the enemy before us, during which time 4 of my men were wounded and 7 horses shot, 4 of them killed instantly, and 3 so badly wounded that I was obliged to abandon them. I picketed the Dalton rail and dirt roads until sundown, when I was ordered to fall back and join the brigade. At 10 p. m., by order of Colonel Long, I reported to General Cruft, and by his order moved out in rear of the division to Dr. Lee's house.

About 10 a. m. on the morning of the 26th, I was ordered to reconnoiter the Dalton road from Dr. Lee's house. When 4 miles out I encountered the enemy's pickets, and drove them about 1 1/2 miles. At this time I heard considerable firing in my rear, and fearful of being cut off, I immediately fell back, but had only proceeded about 2 miles when my advance was fired upon. Ascertaining that the enemy was in considerable force, and that it was impossible to get back by that road, I turned to the right, going between two ridges, with the horses upon the gall for about 3 miles, when i suddenly turned to the left through a thicket and kept in a northeast direction, passing over three ridges and coming into the Varnell's Station road about 1 1/2 miles from Dr. Lee's house, losing 2 men whom I had sent to the rear, 1 of them having been taken suddenly and severely ill and the other one's horse having become disabled. At sundown moved to Stone Church in advance of division.

Between 12 and 1 o'clock on the 27th, I was ordered by major Sinclair to go out on the Tunnel Hill road, and if none of our forces wee there to picket the road until the division had passed. When out about 1,000 yards I very suddenly and unexpectedly met the cavalry skirmishers of the enemy. I succeeded in checking them until I notified Major Sinclair and the commander, of the infantry, which was passing, of their approach. I then fell back across the creek, where I deployed a portion of my command and remained until the column of General Cruft's forces had passed. Lieutenant Hundson's horse was shot in this skirmish while deploying skirmishers in rear as I moved back with the command. Just before leaving the Stone Church, I sent 19 men with a message to Colonel Long at Dr. Lee's house. With the remainder of my command as rear guard to the division, I marched to the Alabama road, 6 miles from Ooltewah.

On the morning of the 28th, by order of the general commanding, I proceeded to camp at Ooltewah, where I arrived at 10 a. m., and the 19 men who I had sent to Colonel Long arrived at 3 p. m.

The following ave the names of the wounded: Sergt. David Donahoe, Company D, head severely; Private John S. Caine, Company D, leg severely; Private William Sterling, Company B, slightly; Private George Rose, Company C, slightly.

I cannot speak in too high terms of Lieutenant Hudson, the only officer who accompanied me. His coolness, daring, and bravery are unsurpassed, and on the several occasions spoken of above these soldierly qualities were all advantageously brought into requisition.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. VAN ANTWERP,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

