
Numbers 28. Reports of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee.

DALTON, February 25, 1864.

We have been skirmishing most of the day in the gap through which the railroad passes, 3 1/2 miles from Dalton, and in the valley east of the same mountain, easily holding our ground in the gap and deriving back the enemy in the valley. His forces and plans not developed.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT.

DALTON, February 27, 1864.

The enemy retired during the night. Seems to have converted is movement into a reconnaissance. It is reported that Colonel Tyler has been promoted vice Bate. It will be long before he can return to duty.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

General BRAGG,

Richmond.

VINEVILLE, GA.,

October 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Army of Tennessee while it was under my command. Want of the reports of the lieutenant-generals, for which I have waited until now, prevents me from being circumstantial:

In obedience to the orders of the President, received by telegraph at Clinton, Miss., December 18, 1863, I assumed command of the Army of Tennessee, at Dalton, on the 27th of that month. Letters from the President and Secretary of War, dated, respectively, December 23 and 20, impressed upon me the importance of soon commencing active operations against the enemy. The relative forces, including the moral effect of the affair of Missionary Ridge, condition of the artillery horses and most of those of the cavalry, and want of field transportation, made it impracticable to effect the wishes of the Executive.

On December 31, the effective total of the infantry and artillery of the army, including two brigades belonging to the Department of Mississippi, was 36,826. The effective total of the cavalry, including Roddey's command at Tuscumbia, was 5,613. The Federal force in our front, exclusive of cavalry, and the Ninth and Twenty-third Corps at Knoxville, was estimated at 80,000.

the winter was mainly employed in improving the discipline and equipment of the army and bringing back absentees to the ranks. At the end of april more than 5,000 had rejoined their regiments. The horses of the cavalry and artillery had been much reduced in condition by the previous campaign. As full supplies of forage could not be furnished them at Dalton, it was necessary to sent about half of each of these arms of service far to the rear, where the country could furnish food. On that account Brigadier-General Roddey was ordered with about three-fourths of his troops from Tuscumbia

