
to Dalton, and arrived at the end of February. On April 2, however, he was sent back to his former position by the Secretary of War.

On January 15 and 16, Baldwin's and Quarles' brigades returned to the Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, to which they belonged. His Excellency Joseph E. Brown added to the army two regiments of State troops, which were used to guard the railroad bridges between Dalton and Atlanta.

On February 17, the President ordered me by telegraph to detach Lieutenant-General Hardee with the infantry of his corps, except Stevenson's division, to aid Lieutenant-General Polk against Sherman in Mississippi. This order was obeyed as promptly as our means of transportation permitted. The force detached was probably exaggerated to Major-General Thomas, for on the 23rd the Federal Army advanced to Ringgold, on the 24th drove in our outposts, and on the 25th skirmished at Mill Creek Gap and in Crow's Valley, east of Rocky Face Mountain. We were successful at both places. At the latter Clayton's brigade, after a sharp action of half an hour, defeat double its number. At night it was reported that a U. S. brigade was occupying Dug Gap, from which it had driven our troops. Granbury's Texas brigade, returning from Mississippi, had just arrived. It was ordered to march to the foot of the mountain immediately, and to retake the gap at sunrise next morning, which was done. In the night of the 26th the enemy retired.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 29. Report of Major General Alexander P. Stewart, C. S. Army, commanding division, Hindman's Corps.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION, HINDMAN'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,February 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters of this date, I hasten to render a report of the operations of the past week, though the time allowed me does not permit me to await the reports of brigade commanders.

During the afternoon of Monday, 22nd instant, the first intelligence of the approach of the enemy was received. Stovall's being the advanced brigade of my division, was directed to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

Tuesday afternoon, 23rd instant, the trains were ordered to the rear, and I received an order from the major-general commanding corps, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S CORPS,February 23, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General STEWART:

GENERAL: General Hindman directs that you immediately move to the front with your command and occupy the line indicated, observing the modifications as

---------------

*Proportion of report here omitted will appear in connection with the Atlanta campaign, Vol XXXVIII, Part II.

---------------

