
suggested by you on yesterday. I this expected that yours and Breckinridge's divisions shall hold the gap. William's battalion of artillery will be ordered to your support.

Respectfully,

J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General Lewis, commanding Breckinridge's division, reported to me, as did also Major Williams, commanding battalion of artillery. The right of the position-the gap in Rocky Face Ridge, through which pass the Wester and Atlantic Railroad and the dirt road leading from Dalton to Tunnel Hill and La Fayette-was held by

Stovall's, Gibson's, and Moore's brigades (the latter under Colonel Higly), of my division, and by Darden's and Jeffress; batteries. The left was occupied by the three brigades of Breckinridge's division and Kilb's battery, Finley's brigade occupying, whit the battery, the advance ridge. Clayton's brigade, of my division, not being needed to fill the line, was placed in reserve in rear of the position, his outpost up the valley to our right being maintained.

in the course of the day (Wednesday, 24th), the cavalry in front fell back to the rear of the line we occupied and the enemy appeared in our front. Late in the afternoon the enemy were reported advancing down the valley on our right. Clayton's brigade was ordered to meet them, which they did, repulsing the enemy in handsome style.

About 4 p. m. on Thursday (25th), two regiments of the enemy (the Tenth Michigan and Sixtieth Illinois) advanced opposite Stovall's brigade. The line of skirmishers fell back until the enemy came within easy range, when the artillery on the ridge occupied by my division opened on them, and Colonel Henderson, of Forty-second Georgia, Stovall's brigade, advanced his line, driving back the enemy's line in great confusion, killing and wounding a number of them and capturing Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson, of Tenth Michigan, and 14 men. About the same time a second advance down the valley toward Clayton's camp took place, which was gallantly met and repulsed by Clayton's brigade.

During Friday (26th) nothing occurred beyond occasional firing between the lines of skirmishers. During Friday night the enemy retired, and on Saturday (27th), in obedience to orders from Major-General Hindman, my division was advanced, following the cavalry under General Wheeler to the vicinity of Tunnel Hill, when, finding the enemy had retired to Ringgold, we were ordered to return.

Total loss reported:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Clayton's brigade.	 4	 67

Stovall's brigade.	 2	 17

Moore's brigade.	 1	 3

Gibson's brigade.	 ...	 1

Total.	 7	 88

With this reports of brigade commanders respectfully forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

