
Numbers 30. Report of Brigadier General Henry D. Clayton, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

CLAYTON'S BRIGADE,

On the Field, February 25, 1864-7.30 p. m.

MAJOR: Herewith I submit report of casualties in this brigade in the engagement of yesterday and to-day. It will be seen that there have been killed 6 men; mortally and dangerously wounded, 2 officers and 2 men; slightly, 22. Total, 55.*

On yesterday evening [at] 5 o'clock, I received orders to march my brigade up Crow's Valley and meet the enemy. On reaching former camp with the head of the brigade, I found a line of battle advancing about 300 yards distant with skirmishers in front. Captain Greene, of the Eighteenth Alabama, who had been on picket with two companies, was fighting gallantly. Bringing the brigade into line in all haste, I immediately moved forward. The enemy moved rapidly, as if endeavoring to gain the cabins, and nearly succeeded din doing so. They waited only to receive a few volleys before giving way in great confusion. I continued the pursuit about a half mile. The enemy fired 6 shots from artillery. By request, Major-General Stewart promptly sen time two pieces of artillery, but the enemy retired under cover of hills and I did not use them, but moved my infantry forward again and recovered my present advantageous position.

At 4 o'clock this evening, the enemy moved a line something longer than my own upon my front. Having driven them back, another line of about the same length immediately renewed the attack and were likewise repulsed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major REEVE, A. A. G., Stevenson's Command.

Return of Casualties in Clayton's brigade at Rocky Face Mountain, February 24 and 25, 1864.

[From nominal list.]

Regiments.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggre-

 	 	 	 gate.

18th Alabama.	 ...	 7	 ...	 7

32nd and 58th	 3	 31	 1	 35

Alabama.

36th Alabama.	 ...	 11	 ...	 11

38th Alabama.	 2	 18	 ...	 20

Total.	 5	 67	 1	 73

Numbers 31. Report of Brigadier General Marcellus A. Stovall, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. STOVALL'S BRIGADE, February 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during the last five days:

On the 23rd instant, in obedience to orders, I moved from my camp at 3.30 p. m., at Buzzard Roost Station, and took position in line of battle on ----, occupying the extreme right of Stewart's division.

---------------

*An apparent error in factors and total. See recapitulation of nominal list, following.

---------------

