
Advanced a line of skirmishers under command of Captain Mitchell, of the Forty-second Georgia, 400 yards in front of the line, and ordered 100 men, under command of Captain Clar, to the top of Rocky Face Mountain.

All remained quiet until 5 o'clock on the evening of the 24th, when light skirmishing commenced between our pickets and the advance line of the enemy, continuing for a short time, after which all remained quiet until 8 o'clock on the morning of the 25th, when skirmishing commenced again and continued at intervals through the morning.

At 9 o'clock ordered the Forty-second Georgia Infantry, Colonel R. J. Henderson commanding, to the top of Rocky Face Mountain. At 4 o'clock our skirmishers were vigorously attacked by two regiments of the enemy and were driven 100 yards to the rear, about which time a heavy artillery fire was opened upon the enemy, under cover of which Colonel Henderson advanced to the support of the picket, charged and drove the enemy from their position, losing 1 officer and 1 man killed and 8 wounded, the enemy leaving 30 men dead on the field and 1 lieutenant-colonel and 14 men prisoners in our hands, after which firing ceased. All remained quiet during this action in front.

Colonel Curtiss, of the Forty-first Georgia Infantry, while in the discharge of his duty was struck by a minie-ball and severely wounded.

On the 26th, all remained quiet, the enemy showing no disposition to advance.

On the 27th, about 6 a. m., our skirmishers advanced under command of Major Austin, but found the enemy had retreated during the night. About 12 o'clock moved forward from our position to Tunnel Hill and remained there until 3 p. m., when I received orders and returned to my former position in line of battle on the ridge occupied in the morning.

On the morning of the 28th, returned to camp in rear of Major-

General Stewart's headquarters.

Respectfully submitted.

M. A. STOVALL,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. C. THOMPSON,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera.

I have nor sufficient time to make a report, but suppose this memorandum will be sufficient for General S[tewart] to make his. From burying 30 and finding others afterward we supposed the loss of the enemy in killed in front of our works was between 40 and 50. The wounded were, except in one or two cases, carried off by the enemy, and the number can only be guessed at.

M. A. S.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel John H. Higley, Fortieth Alabama Infantry, commanding Moore's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MOORE'S BRIGADE,February 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the recent operations:

The brigade was formed in line of battle on the evening of the 23rd instant, the left resting on the railroad and the line extending

