
along the ridge northwardly and connecting with General Gibson's brigade on the right. The brigade consisted of three regiments(the Thirty-seventh, Fortieth, and Forty-second Alabama Volunteers), having in line 63 officers and 970 men.

On the evening of the 24th instant, the enemy appeared in our front and there was some picket skirmishing, but no loss on our side.

On the 25th instant, several pieces of artillery opened on our line, but only 1 man wounded by it. Our pickets, however, were engaged and 3 men wounded.

During the afternoon the enemy made an advance to the right of our line and in front of General Stovall's brigade, General Gibson's brigade having been withdrawn from the line and placed in reserve. They were repulsed with considerable loss, the artillery on our line and our sharpshooters doing effective service.

On the 27th instant, there was little or nothing done on our line. Early in the morning the enemy formed a line to our left and to the right of Breckinridge's division, and there were some movements back and forth of cavalry, but no advance on their part.

In the afternoon the brigade was ordered to the front with the other brigades of the division and then returned with them at night, and this morning we returned to our old camp.

The total loss is 3 men wounded and 1 man killed.

I have no means of estimating the losses of the enemy in our front. Our skirmishers reported that they buried 2 men on the night of the 26th instant, and several more were seen in our advance of yesterday.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. HIGLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. C. THOMPSON, Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 33. Report of Brigadier General Mark P. Lowrey, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

FEBRUARY 25, 1864-4.30 p. m.

DEAR SIR: Major Dunklin, an excellent and reliable office, who is in command of three companies of sharpshooters on the hill to my left, reports as follows:

The enemy have two lines of battle in the field in front of our position fortified with logs and rails, but are not moving; perfectly inactive. They also have a line of skirmishers running across the point of this peak and immediately in our front, in easy range of my line, but are concealed behind the cliffins of rocks.

JAS. H. DUNKLIN,

Major Thirty-third Alabama Regiment.

The captain commanding my skirmish line in front thinks he saw squads of Yankees and something that looked like a battery moving to the right on a road about a mile in our front.*

M. P. LOWREY,

Brigadier-General.

General HINDMAN.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties in Lowery's brigade on the 26th instant shows 3 men of Hawkins' battalion wounded.

---------------

31 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

