
Numbers 34. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Cumming, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CUMMING'S BRIGADE,February 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of thursday, the 25th instant, I was ordered to take position with my brigade up Crow's Valley, relieving Brigadier-General Clayton's command. After the line of battle had been taken and while I was engaged in relieving Clayton's skirmishers, which were posted about two-thirds of a mile in front of the line, the enemy advanced a strong line of skirmishers, supported apparently by two brigades. My skirmishers, by my order, fell back to a ridge several hundred yards nearer to my line, where (it being indicated to them that they would maintain their position) they briskly engaged the enemy's skirmishers and held them in check during the whole day. From this position the line of my skirmishers several times made partial advances, which always occasioned a corresponding withdrawal on the part of the enemy. The skirmishing was kept up in lively manner till dusk. During the greater part of the day the left of my line (Thirty-fourth Georgia) was exposed to quite a brisk fire of shells. During the night the enemy withdrew. Early in the morning the skirmishers were thrown forward to the original position, and several scouts of infantry still farther advanced, by which 6 prisoners were taken. All behaved well, and were eager for a fight.

The list of casualties in my brigade is herewith inclosed.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CUMMING,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Report of Brigadier General Edmund W. Pettus, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS PETTUS' BRIGADE,February 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I give you a list of casualties in my brigade to-day: Twenty-third Alabama Regiment, 7 men wounded, 1 mortally; Thirtieth Alabama Regiment, 1 man wounded; Thirty-first Alabama Regiment, 2 men wounded; Forty-sixth Alabama Regiment, 5 men wounded.

My brigade was not engaged, but held in reserve 100 yards in rear of Brigadier-General Cumming. Five companies of the Thirty-first Alabama, under Captain Vick, were sent to extend Brigadier-General Cumming's right. One company from the Thirtieth was sent to extend Brigadier-General Cumming's line of skirmishers on the left.

---------------

*Two lists found. One shows 1 killed, 22 wounded, and 2 missing; the other 25 wounded, 6 missing, and 1 captured.

---------------

