
Late in the afternoon Captain Elliott's company, from the Thirtieth, was sent to relieve Brigadier-General Clayton's skirmishers, on the left of Brigadier-General Cumming.

Respectfully submitted.

E. W. PETTUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major REEVE, Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 36. Report of Brigadier General Alexander W. Reynolds, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

FEBRUARY 25, 1864.

MAJOR: My skirmishers have been engaged since early this morning, and have kept back the enemy. About 12 o'clock General Calytons sent me two regiments to extend my left to the mountain. About the time they got into position the enemy advanced in force and a fight ensued. General Clayton, with a third regiment, came up and took command of the left. The fight was entirely successful, driving the enemy back twice. My own troops have been under a heavy fire of shell and canister for several hours. All behaved well. The list of killed and wounded find below:

Sixty-third Virginia, 5 wounded; Fifty-eighth and Sixtieth North Carolina Regiments, 24 wounded, 3 mortally; Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, 12 men wounded.*

Respectfully,

A. W. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General.

Major REEV, Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 37. Report of Major T. R. Hotchkiss, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.
HDQRS. HOTCHKISS' ARTILLERY BATTALION,In the Field, February 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that all the batteries of this battalion have been engaged to some extent to-day. Key's battery, the first to open fire on a brigade of infantry moving on the left of our line, distance about 700 yards, fired about nine shots per piece. One piece of Swett's battery was disabled by rifle projectile; another had pointing ring broken, but was soon reprinted; the other section engaged a rifle battery of the enemy, forcing them to retire, distance about 1,700 yards. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded. Semple's battery engaged a rifled battery; effect good; enemy's battery driven from position. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded.

Very respectfully,

T. R. HOTCHKISS,

Major, Commanding.

Major REEVE, Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*According to nominal list, total casualties 3 killed, 42 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

