
Numbers 38. Report of Major James F. Waddell, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.
HDQRS. WADDELL'S ARTILLERY BATTALION,Near Dalton, February 25, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with your instructions, I have the honor to state that this morning 11 o'clock I was ordered to report to Major-General Stevenson with the battalion of artillery under my command. Between 12 o'clock and 1 o'clock I reported to the general, and was directed by him to hold one of my batteries in reserve and place the other in position upon his right, where the enemy was pressing us with his artillery and sharpshooters. The position was taken, and after a fight of three hour's duration we silenced three of the enemy's batteries, dismounting some of his pieces. My loss in this action was 3 men wounded and 1 horse killed. I had only four pieces engaged.

I am, major, very respectfully,

J. F. WADDELL,

Major, Commanding Twentieth [Alabama] Artillery Battalion.

Major JOHN J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stevenson's Division.

Numbers 39. Extract from Itinerary of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S., Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of Tennessee.

February 27, pursued enemy's retreat to Ringgold. During these operations my loss was about 90 killed and wounded. Enemy's loss much greater. We captured some 50 prisoners.

FEBRUARY 25-26, 1864.-Scout from Whiteside's, Tenn., to Stevens' and Frick's Gaps, Ga.

Report of Colonel Stephen J. McGroarty, Sixty-firts Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 11TH CORPS,Whiteside's, Tenn., February 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the scouting party which left here at 7 a. m. yesterday morning reported back here at 1 p. m. this day. They went to Frick's and Stevens' Gaps, saw no enemy and heard of none, except four companies of Home Guards stationed at Portersville, 3 miles beyond Lebanon. They are under command of Captains Weatherspoon, Davenport, Milsoaps, and Clifton. Parties of 4 or 5 come up to the gaps every few days. A foraging party of 30 men under command of a lieutenant were near there, who had taken all the meat and beef they could get and all

