
the spare clothing. A sister of one of the scouts just from Gadsden reports no troops near there, but that scouts pass frequently. Two deserters who left Dalton on the night of the 23rd, say that a large number of troops had been ordered to march next morning to Knoxville, and that they and many others had deserted in the night. They were on their way to Bridgeport. The people knew nothing about La Fayette, but say that Roddey is at Larkin's Landing, and suppose that the firing on the 22nd or 23rd was at that place. No rebel scouts have been seen this side of the gaps. Met one of the regular scouts from General Hooker's at Tenton, who was coming from mcLemore's Cove, who reported having seen nothing.

Having nothing of importance from this vicinity to report, I have the honor to sign, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. MCGROARTY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade and Post.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 26, 1864.-Capture of Washington, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Robert K. Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry.*

LOUDON, February 28, 1864.

SIR: The following dispatch just received from Colonel Byrd, Kingston, dated February 27:

Champ Ferguson, with 150 men, made a raid on our courier-line last night at Washington, in Rhea County, killed the provost-marshal at hat place, and captured all the couriers from there to Sulphur Springs, killing 1 and wounding 2 others. He carried off 11 horses and 11 repeating rifles.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

Major-General THOMAS.

FEBRUARY 28, 1864.-Skirmish at Dukedom, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Hugh T. Reid, U. S. Army.

[CAIRO,] March 1, 1864.

Colonel Hawkins telegraphs me that, hearing of a guerrilla party robbing on the Paducah railroad, he sent out a detachment on Saturday [27th] last, which, just before daylight Sunday morning, found a squad of rebels at Dukedom and dispersed them, capturing 1 prisoner, 4 horses, 4 loaded revolvers, 1 carbine, and the hats of perhaps the entire party.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. G. HICKS,

Commanding at Paducah.

---------------

*See also Hughs' operations in Middle Tennessee, January 1-April 18, 1864, p. 55.

---------------

