
down. Roddey is at Gadsden. I think the force at Guntersville numbers 300 about, not more. There are no boats there but two flat-boats, which will carry about 7 horses.

I am sure my information is accurate. I think, too, that I could improve on the plans for taking it so far, but I do not think the game worth the powder. Please inform me so that I may know whether to go not this evening.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. OLIVER,

Colonel Fifteenth Michigan Mounted Infantry.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Commanding Second Division.

MARCH 5, 1864.-Skirmish at Leet's Tan-yard, Ga.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Eighth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Extract from Itinerary of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

RINGGOLD, GA.,

March 6, 1864-3 a. m.

GENERAL: Your not of 9 p. m. last night,* by courier, is just received.

Yesterday, about 3 o'clock, a messenger whom I had sent to Colonel Harrison returned with the news that Colonel Harrison had been driven from his camp, and had retired toward Lee's Mills. A company of Harrison's command, stationed this side of him, came back with the messenger. I thought it remarkable that Colonel Harrison, who was on my flank for the purpose of giving me warning of the movements of the enemy, should retire in the direction indicated and send me, the person most interested, no notice whatever. I did not believe the statement, but as I was at the same moment informed that cannon firing had been heard about 11 o'clock toward Cleveland, i thought it important. I therefore sent the cavalry company hat had come in back, to go as far as Colonel Harrison's camp, and send me word as to what he could learn. About dark a messenger returned from him, confirming the report that Colonel Harrison had gone, but saying that he had come up at that place (Lee's Tan-yard) with the rear guard of a cavalry column returning toward Nickajack trail or Gordon's Gap. As my officer had but 20 men he fell back to a point about 4 miles from here, where the road forks, one breach leading to Nickajack trail and the other to

---------------

*See Part III,p. 23.

---------------

