
I hardly need observe that had I known of the arrival of the guerrillas in the vicinity previous to sending out the force under Sergeant Connor, I should have sent a much stronger detachment. From the best information I can obtain I should judge that the guerrilla force under Parks and Bradford numbers from 75 to 125 strong.

The guns captured by my men were brought off safety, and also 3 horses.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. EKINGS,

Captain Company C, 34th New Jersey Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 6, 1864.-Attack on Union Pickets at Columbus, Ky.

Report of Colonel William H. Lawrence, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST,Columbus, Ky., March 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that our pickets, consisting of a part of Company E, Second Tennessee Heavy Artillery, last night attacked and drove off about 30 guerrillas, who were in the act of getting between our breast-works and the brigade. There was no loss on our side. That of the enemy we could not ascertain, our pickets being too weak to follow them up and the night very dark. The captain speaks in high terms of the behavior of his men. The guerrillas also placed an obstruction on the railroad track about 2 miles belong, but fortunately it was discovered before any mischief was done. I have taken proper measures to capture them if they return this evening.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel 34th Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cairo, Ill.

MARCH 8, 1864.-Affairs at Courtland and Moulton, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

PULASKI, March 11, 1864.

After taking Decatur I pushed my forces out under Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips. He captured Courtland, driving the enemy out, and followed them up, crossing the mountains, captured Moulton. We took a number of prisoners, a large amount of stores, and a large quantity of artillery and rifle ammunition; also 100 sacks of salt, stock, &amp;c.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS.

