
MARCH 9, 1864.-Skirmish near Nickajack Gap, Ga.

Report of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army.

RINGGOLD, GA.,

March 9, 1864.

The report of cannon firing this morning was a mistake. Colonel Harrison skirmished an hour with a large force of rebels near Nickajack, and then fell back here; has pickets out 4 miles. The enemy is quiet in front, but there is a larger display of fires and signal lights than ever before.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General THOMAS.

MARCH 10, 1864.-Guerrilla raid on Clinton, Ky.

Reports of Colonel William H. Lawrence, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.

COLUMBUS, KY.,

March 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Last night there was a raid made by about 40 guerrillas at Clinton. They captured some 35 or 40 mules and horses, which had been bought for the Government; they also broke open two stores, taking what they wanted. I telegraphed the facts to Colonel Hawkins, and sent out a company of mounted infantry in pursuit. It now becomes a military necessity, in my opinion, to prevent the large shipments of goods to these defenseless towns, and I shall give an order that in future all permits to take goods out of the lines of my pickets must be approved at these headquarters, without I receive an order from the general commanding the district to the contrary.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,March 12, 1864.

Repsectfully returned with instructions not to issue any such orders as the one within indicated; and if it has been issued, to revoke it.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARCH 10, 1864.-Guerrilla raid on Mayfield, Ky.

Report of Colonel Stephen G. Hicks, Fortieth Illinois Infantry.

PADUCAH, KY.,

March 12, 1864.

The guerrillas made another raid on Mayfield, on the 10th instant, robbing the stores of Union men, &amp;c. Several of the citizens fled

