
to this place for safety, and are now here. I will send the detachment One hundred and twenty-second Illinois out there to garrison the place.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. T. REID,

Commanding District.

MARCH 11-28, 1864.-Operations about Sparta, Tenn., including skirmishes on Calfkiller Creek and near Beersheba Springs.

Report of Colonel William B. Stokes, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.*
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Sparta, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations since my last report:

On the 11th instant, having heard of the enemy on Calfkiller, I sent out a scout of 80 men, under Captains Blackurn and Waters, in search of them. They met the enemy concentrated, numbering 150 men, 10 miles from this place, and after a stubborn and desperate resistance of 1 hour they succeeded in dispersing and running them into the mountains. The rebels lost 1 man killed and several wounded, the notorious Champ Ferguson being one of the latter. Our loss was 1 killed and 4 slightly wounded.

The next day I sent out a force of 200 men, but they were unable to find the enemy in any force. While out they succeeded in killing 7 Texas Rangers, men of the most daring and desperate character. Among these was Lieutenant Davis, the leader of the band. These men had been murdering and robbing Union citizens.

On the 15th, this force returned, and after feeding, 150 started in pursuit of Colonel Hughs, who had crossed Caney Fork on the 14th with the larger portion of his command.

On the morning of the 18th, the force attacked Hughs' camp at the foot of Cumberland Mountains, 2 miles from Beersheba Springs, utterly routing them, succeeding in killing 7 of their number. They were at breakfast and some were sleeping when attacked, and in the rout they threw away saddles, blankets, clothing, and arms. The entire force wound have been captured or killed if they had not run up the mountain, where it was almost impossible for men to travel. Hughs had visited the railroad near Estil Springs, nd was returning when attacked. We captured a number of saddles, arms, blankets, and clothing belonging to the Federals, and also Colonel Hughs' portfolio and papers. Our loss was 1 killed and 1 mortally wounded. The rebels at this fight were entirely dispersed, a great many being dismounted.

On the 20th, I sent out a force for the purpose of picking up stragglers and preventing them from again concentrating. They scoured Overton, Putnam, and Jackson Counties, but were unable to find the enemy in any force; they were out five days, and killed 5 men, among them Lieutenant Bowman. Captain Loure, of the guerrillas,

---------------

*See also Hughs' operations in Middle Tennessee, January 1-April 18, 1864, p. 55.

---------------

