
was wounded during this scout. Captain Bledsoe was killed a few days previous by some of my men while foraging. Yesterday, learning that Carter was across Caney Fork, I immediately sent out a force to look after him. They were unable to find him, but succeeded in killing 1 of his men being together. They are merely trying to keep out of my way.

Since I arrived here my command has been constantly at work. At no one time has the command been idle. Forage has ben scarce and hard to obtain. Over one-half of my command are dismounted, having worn out their horses by constant duty. No horses can be obtained in this country. I am proud to state that my officers and men have worked unremittingly, faithfully, and cheerfully in the discharge of their duties. A great number of soldiers have taken the amnesty oath, and the people manifest a friendly disposition toward the restoration of civil government.

Owing to the impossibility of obtaining forage of any kind in this country, I shall within a few days move the command to Chestnut Mound, some 25 miles from this place, where there is forage. While there I shall continue to scout the country designated in instructions from Major-General Thomas. Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin is here with a portion of the Fourteenth Regiment, U. S. Colored troops, and is recruiting very rapidly.

I would once more respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the necessity of mounting my command, To clear the country designated in instructions of guerrillas my men must be mounted. Without being considered impertinent, I would once more urge upon the authorities the advantages of arming my command with the Spencer rifle. It is useless to deny but that the command would be rendered much more effective. I will pledge my honor that if this command is armed with these guns, no regiment in the rebel service can defeat them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. STOKES,

Colonel Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 12, 1864.-Skirmish near Union City, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Isaac R. Hawkins, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry.

UNION CITY,

March 14, 1864.

SIR: I reached my camp with my entire command at 3 p. m. this day. Have with me 30 prisoners, many of them of the worst cast. Ont eh 12th, had a running fight for 10 miles with Captain Bolen's company with about an equal number of men commanded by Lieuts. R. Y. Bradford and Hawkins, in which 2 of the enemy were killed, 1 severely wounded, and 1 captured. We also captured 6 horses. Our loss nothing. The vote in my country (Carroll) was 1,326. In one district election broken up. Health of men excellent. My scouts proceeded within 8 miles of Jackson and 13 miles south of Lexington.

