
The vote in Henderson was 564; in Weakley, something over 1,100. Advertisements were everywhere posted, threatening the people with severe punishment if they should vote. I shall report more at length in a day or two.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Tennessee Cavalry.

Brigadier General H. T. REID,

Commanding District.

MARCH 12, 1864.-Scout to Nola Chucky Bend, near Morristown, Tenn.

Report of Captain John W. Hammond, Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. DETCH. 2nd Brigadier, OUTPOST CHUCKY BEND ROAD,Near McFarland's Cross-Roads, Tenn., March 13, 1864.

SIR: Having orders from Colonel I. Garrard to report any discoveries to you, I have the honor to communicate the following facts:

That I made a scout to Chucky Bend yesterday about 2 p. m. I found no enemy there, but learned of the presence of one battalion of Rucker's Legion, about 200 strong, camped just above Bent Creek and only a short distance below the mouth of Lick Creek, 1 3/4 miles above the point where Chucky Bend road touches Chucky River, and exactly in the real bend of Chucky. This battalion sent a small scout after me, which was cut off by the Third Indiana Cavalry, which came down the river road shortly after I left the bend.

The enemy are still at the bend, and were in line of battle at daylight this morning, and were still in line at 8 a. m. They will doubtless await attack. I captured 1 prisoner who confirms the position of their troops, stating additionally that the Second Battalion of Rucker's Legion is camped some 3 miles farther up the same creek, and their first and nearest infantry support is some 3 miles in their rear and about 2 1/2 miles from Bull's Gap. I learn los from many reliable sources that Buckner's and Jenkin's commands are at Bull's Gap; Johnson's near Blue Springs at Midway Depot, and McLaws' at Greeneville; that Longstreet left in person for Virginia Wednesday last, the general supposition being that he has gone to Richmond. Citizens say that the effort is strong on the part of the soldiers to create the belief that he is to return immediately, which would indicate that they have doubts.

Mr. James Broyles left vicinity of Greeneville Friday last at 12 (noon), and reports same facts in regard to enemy at and this side of Greeneville and in regard to Rucker's Legion, which he saw this a. m. He also reports that the enemy are mounting all the men they can, and that they are now trying to mount McLaws' division entire. He says that they have sent away four batteries that he knows of, and several others that reliable men told him had been sent off toward Virginia; as also that they have sent away nearly all their trains, only leaving three or four wagons to the brigade, using the mules of the trains and the horses of the batteries to mount their men on. He also says that they all (meaning the soldiers) say that they are to be joined by John Morgan this week with 2,000 cavalry, and that all this mounted force is to make a grand raid into Kentucky. I give this as he stated it. He also says they are transporting all the surplus of subsistence toward Virginia as fast as the cars can transport

