
it. Mr. Broyles, whole statements are corroborated by others, is quite an intelligent man and a shoemaker, who is flying the conscription. He says that everybody estimates their force at about 25,000 men within support of Bull's Gap.

I is reported that Dibrell's division (mounted) has left Newport, but this is vague.

You have doubtless are this gained a knowledge of most of these reports, but hoping that I might furnish some new item I have been thus explicit and full in reporting.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HAMMOND,

Captain Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers Mounted Infty.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Ferrero's Division.

MARCH 14, 1864.-Skirmish at Claysville, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah W. Jenkins, Thirty-first Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain William T. House, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jeremiah W. Jenkins, Thirty-first Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIRST IOWA VOLUNTEERS,Woodville, Ala., March 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 14th instant, in obedience to orders, I left camp about 11 a. m. with my command, and proceeded toward Claysville, Ala. I reached Red's plantation, 5 miles from Claysville, about 5 p. m., where a train of eighteen wagons of the Second Brigade were awaiting our arrival, guarded by 20 men from the Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry. I placed 108 of my men in the wagons, and proceeded that night with them to Claysville, leaving the remainder of the regiment at Reed's plantation under the command of Major Stimming. I found Captain House at Claysville with 30 men from the Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, and between 20 and 30 men from the Fourth and Ninth Iowa regiments.

On the morning of the 15th, the teams were loaded with forage near the town, and at 10 a. m. I started to return to camp with my command and the men commanded by Captain House, leaving no guard whatever at Claysville. About 3 p. m., when about 3 miles this side of Reed's plantation, I received an order to "remain at Cottonville, if not already past that place." I knew of no such place as Cottonville, but learned on inquiry that it was near Deposit, 10 miles from where we then were. I then continued the march to camp, and arrived here at 8 p. m.

While at Claysville I visited the bank of the river, from which I could distinctly see Guntersville and a few of the enemy moving about, but discovered nothing unusual. I also investigated the

32 R-VOL XXXII, PT I

