
numerous report about citizens having conducted the party who made the attack, on the morning of the 14th, but I found nothing sufficiently reliable to justify making any arrests.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. JENKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-first Iowa.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 1st Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William T. House, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry.

WOODVILLE, ALA.,

March 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about 3 a. m., 14th instant, my camp at Claysville, Ala., was attacked by a party of about 150 rebel cavalry (dismounted). The enemy had crossed the river below, and guided by citizens, avoided my patrols and sentinels, thus succeeding in surprising us. Rushing on my small party the enemy commenced firing and yelling with exultation. I tried to rally my men (a portion of whom fought like tigers), but it was of no great use, a number of my men being panic-stricken by the suddenness of the attack. Seeding that the greater portion had surrendered, I directed the rest to save themselves, but not to surrender. Returning to my quarters for my holsters, I put on my coat and cap. On coming out I found myself alone opposed to the enemy. To repeated appeals to surrender I returned a negative answer, and knocking the first man down with my revolver, I made a rush through the crowd. They made way for me, and I ran on, accompanied by the balls of the rebels, who immediately commenced firing after me, though, fortunately, without success. I then endeavored to find such of my means had made their escape, but in the darkness found this impossible; so, making my way to Ree's plantation I reached the mountain, where I found a small detachment of Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry. From the officer in command I obtained a party of 23 men with whom, and a few of my own men, who had in the mean time joined me, I immediately returned to Claysville, but the enemy had already recrossed the river, taking our horses, mules, some clothing, and about 30 prisoners with them.

My casualties are 1 killed and 3 wounded. The rebel loss 5 killed and 6 wounded. Captain Smith, who commanded the rebels, was shot through the abdomen by myself.

I will forward a nominal list* of casualties as soon it can be made up.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. T. HOUSE,

Captain 32nd Missouri Infantry, Commanding Mounted Infantry.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General First Division.

---------------

*List shows 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 55 missing.

---------------

