
MARCH 14, 1864.-Operations in Jones County, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army.

DEMOPOLIS, March 17, 1864.

GENERAL: the expedition I caused to be made under Colonel Maury against the traitors and murderers of Jones and other counties in Southern Mississippi has succeeded in killing and capturing a number of their ringleaders and breaking up their bands. A salutary effect has been produced upon that infected district, and many of the deserters are now coming in.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

MARCH 16, 1864.-Raid on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, near Tullahoma, Tenn.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major Adolphus H. Tanner, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain George R. Hall, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Adolphus H. Tanner, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Elk River Railroad Bridge, Tenn., March 17, 1864-5 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report:

The patrol sent out be me on the railroad toward Tullahoma, as reported yesterday, came upon a band of rebels abut 3 miles from this post, just as they had thrown a train of cars from the track, had taken the passengers prisoners, and were engaged in robbing them and destroying the train. My men drove the enemy, rescued the prisoners, and saved most of the train. I have this day received information that this rebel force, numbering 110 men, well mounted on horses marked "C. S.," came from the direction of the mountains back of Hillsborough, and retreated in that direction of the mountains back of earl non-combatants (negroes) and robbed all their prisoners of their money, jewels, and clothing.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. TANNER,

Major 123rd New York Vols., Commanding Post.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See also Colonel Hughs' report of operations in Middle Tennessee, January-April, 1864, p. 55.

---------------

