
[CHAP. XLIV.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall.

FIRST BRIGADE.

January 12, the One hundred and fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry stationed at Strawberry Plains since the beginning of the month. The One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry ordered to Knoxville, Tenn., to do provost duty.

January 22, the Eighth Tennessee ordered to Knoxville from Strawberry Plains, where they had been since January 1; took position on west side of city.

January 29, the One hundredth Ohio Regiment, stationed in Knoxville from the first of the month, ordered to take position near the Eighth Tennessee to do the picket duty on that side of the city, where they now remain.

SECOND BRIGADE.

January 1, the brigade encamped on the north side of the Holston River, near Strawberry Plains.

January 6, crossed the river and encamped on the Dandridge road, 1 mile from Strawberry Plains.

January 15, marched for Dandridge.

January 16, reached Dandridge.

January 17, moved to the support of our cavalry forces engaged with the enemy on the Morristown road; left Dandridge at night for Strawberry Plains.

January 19, reached Strawberry Plains.

January 21, moved from Strawberry Plains; at night picketed fords and road 4 miles out from the plains, skirmishing with the enemy.

January 22, moved to Knoxville; encamped on the north side until the 24th, when ordered to the south side of the river, where the brigade is now encamped.

First East Tennessee Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General James G. Spears.

January 1, brigade stationed at Massengale's house, near Holston River, about 30 miles northeast of Knoxville.

January 16, left Massengale's house, under orders to take up position at Flat Creek bridge. On the march to Flat Creek bridge the Third Tennessee Infantry was left at Richland Creek under orders to guard Blain's Cross-Roads and Stone's Mill. Arrived at Flat Creek bridge with the Fifth and Sixth Tennessee and four pieces of Battery A, First Ohio Artillery. The Fifth Tennessee Infantry was detached and ordered to Loudon, Tenn., where it has since remained. The artillery under Captain J. K. Clingan, Company G, Fifth Tennessee Infantry, was received by him owing to the re-enlistment of that battery and their return to Ohio on furlough January 13.

January 21, with the Third and Sixth Tennessee and artillery fell back, under orders, to Love's house, 5 miles northeast of Knoxville.

January 22, fell back, under orders, with the Ninth and Twenty-third Corps 1 mile from Love's house, and turned and confronted the advancing foe and forced them to retire.

