
It appears that it was Faulkner, without artillery, with 1,500 infantry who took Union City, while Forrest with 4,000 and a battery were going to Paducah, and that they united, in the attack. I am advised of 12 killed and 40 wounded on our side; it will probably exceed that. Forrest sent flag of truce three times, threatening no quarter if refused. Colonel Hicks and his command have behaved in the most gallant manner. The report says:"the negroes fought bravely, and worked the siege guns splendidly." The two gun-boats, as they always do, did their work well.

The rebels held the town, and from buildings near the fort annoyed the garrison. I am gratified to inform you that the town was shelled and made a ruin over their heads. Colonel Hicks had warned the people of the probable of the probable necessity of doing this, their rebel instincts rendering it quite certain that the town would have not been thus occupied without their consent. Under these circumstances the result is important and the damage to the town to be scarcely regretted.

The enemy retreated toward Mayfield. I am warned to watch for a demonstration upon Columbus, perhaps Cairo. The life is already down between here and Columbus. The whole force there for duty is 988; of all kinds here, 218. Paducah had 408.

The Fourth Division has left. General Veatch will stop at Paducah a few hours. His orders from General Sherman to move being imperative he could not promise to delay, but did give me hope of aid if attacked here. You are aware that Mound City and Cairo supply our river navy, and, to a large extent, our army below; to lose these would be a repetition on a greater scale of Holly Springs. I so not expect to lose either point, but do consider the danger imminent. Where is Grierson's Ford?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

[Inclosures.]

Extract made from [log of] Steam-boat Tycoon.

Paducah was in flames when this boat passed at 8 a. m. (26th). Gun-boats were patrolling the river in front of the city. Steamer White Cloud was a short distance below the city on the Kentucky shore unloading troops. Steamers Louisville and Iowa were ferrying citizens across to the Illinois shore. The stars and stripes were floating over the fort. Met Liberty Numbers 2 at Metropolis.

H. A. SWEET,

Clerk.

FROM NORTH SIDE OF RIVER,

Paducah, March 26, 1864.

Lieutenant MASON,

Cairo:

The troops from Cairo just arrived. The enemy attacked us right after dinner yesterday. We only had five or ten minutes' notice of their approach. They attacked us in the fort about 1.30 or 2 o'clock, but we kept them off. After firing on us for some time, they sent in

