
On the night of the 26th demonstrations again were made toward Columbus. I went down with all the men that could be spared from this place-about 200; no attack followed, but during the next day I had information of the presence of the enemy at Moscow and Clinton, 10 miles out, and of their disposition to attack during the night of Sunday. They did not, but fell back to Mayfield. Fearing another attack on Paducah, I returned and advised Colonel Hicks, sending him ammunition and supplies. He, last night at 8.30, telegraphed me that they were again approaching, and that he had drawn the convalescents into the fort war ready. The Westmoreland, with the Firt Alabama Cavalry, had just left for the Tennessee. She was ordered by telegraph to report to Colonel Hicks. The fortieth Illinois Infantry (Colonel Hick's regiment) being here awaiting transportation home by rail, was put on board the Raymond, and at 5 this a.m., in time for an attack just impending, reported, adding about 800 men to Colonel Hicks' means of defense.

It is now noon, and I have no further information. I am satisfied from the concentration of the enemy at Mayfield, from their threats and plans made known tome by those hearing them, and from the reports of Colonel Hicks, that they intend an attack. Their parties, their spies, and scouts are near us on the opposite bank. Some have been across, and the utmost vigilance is necessary, as they seem disposed to tire us out, catch us unprepared at some point, and retrieve their loss.

I have information just from columbus about 500 furloughed rebels in the vicinity to concentrate to-day.

I think all will go south without further attack.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, ILL.,

April 16, 1864-9 p. m.

Fort Pillow destroyed, evacuated, and guns removed. The river is clear. The transports accumulated here are going down. A gunboat lies off Fort Pillow to protect them. An investigation and reports will be made. The enemy still threaten Paducah and Columbus but cannot take them. One hundred guerrillas fired on gun-boat opposite Metropolis last night without effect. Memphis undisturbed, but guerrillas along the river.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL UNITED STATES.

CAIRO, ILLL.,

SIR: i transmit herewith a printed copy of my report of operations in the District of Cairo during my brief command. For convenience, to save writing it was printed, not published.

I am desirous that the evident inadvertence through which I am out of command may be corrected. When I reported to General

