
January 25, remained on the ground until this date, when ordered to go into winter quarters, the Third Tennessee at Armstrong's Ford, 5 miles northeast of Knoxville; the Sixth Tennessee at the junction of Armstrong's Ferry and Strawberry Plains road, 4 miles from Knoxville. The artillery was ordered to Knoxville on the morning of the 22nd, and has been under the control of Brigadier-General Tillson since that time. The Fifth Tennessee is yet at Loudon, and report Company G as on detached service; brigade headquarters 3 miles northeast of Knoxville, at what is called Love's Hill. Command generally in good condition, and was assigned to the Twenty-third Army Corps, January 21, by command of Major-General Foster.

FEBRUARY.

First Division, commanded by Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

February 12 to 14, captured by detachment of the Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Brown, 1 orderly-sergeant of rebel cavalry, and killed 1 notorious guerrilla named Pennington.

February 15, the Fourteenth Kentucky Regiment, under command of Colonel Gallup, captured in Wayne County, Va., the rebel Colonel Ferguson, 2 lieutenants, 1 assistant surgeon, and 41 of his men, 80 stands of arms, 20 horses (killing 13), and all his ammunition, without the loss of a man.

February 22 to 28 captured, by a detachment of the Fourteenth Kentucky, 15 guerrillas and horse-thieves under Reuben Patrick in Magoffin County, Ky.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry M. Judah.

February 24, the division marched from Knoxville, Tenn., to Strawberry Plains.

February 28, crossed the Holston River.

February 29, marched to New Market.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Milo S. Hascall.

FIRST BRIGADE.

February 11, moved camp from the north to the south side of Holston River opposite Knoxville.

February 20, the Fourth Tennessee moved out 3 miles on the Sevierville road, to support cavalry skirmishing with the enemy; returned same evening.

February 23, the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Eighth Tennessee moved at 1 a.m. as part of the force making a reconnaissance on the Sevierville road; went out 10 miles; found no enemy; returned same day.

February 24, brigade moved into Knoxville and took up position in the works around the city.

February 26, the Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry assigned to First Brigade.

