
ment to hostile incursions and support the marauders while making them, and it may be presumed that they were shipped and transported to the interior for that very purpose. To prevent the continuance of this abuse, and for the purpose of stopping the enemy's supplies, it is, in accordance with instructions from corps headquarters, ordered:

I. All permits for the landing of goods, supplies or articles of sale of any description between Paducah (including that point) and Memphis are suspended, and no such goods will be landed until further orders; peremptory seizure and arrest being the penalty for violation.

II. Steamers will not make landings, nor receive or discharge passengers or freight on the Kentucky shore between Paducah and Cairo, nor on either shore between Cairo, and Memphis, except at Columbus, Island 10, and Fort Pillow, except under armed convoy and under orders of a competent military or naval officers.

III. Ferry-boats, trading boats, skiffs, and other irregular craft are being used for conveyance of sides, traitors, and contraband supplies for the enemy's use. No further crossing of the river by such boats, ferries, or other craft between Paducah an Memphis will be allowed. The military and naval officers will promptly arrest all persons offending, with their effects, and, in their discretion, hold or destroy all such boats, &amp;c.

IV. The commanding officers at Paducah and Columbus will retain under their control al engines and cars, and permit no running of trains except for military purposes and under their orders.

V. Officers of the Treasury Department are respectfully advised of the existence of this order, and enjoined to cause its due observance.

By order of Brigadier General M. Brayman:

J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure G.]
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSE,Huntsville, Ala., April 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo:

GENERAL: Lieutenant General U. S. Grant has ordered three regiments from Saint Louis with which to re-enforce Paducah, Cairo, and Columbus, and to feel out toward Union City. Union City is not to be occupied as a post, but visited frequently by scouting parties and patrols.

Paducah and Columbus are to be held a all hazards, and all other points south of the Ohio in your jurisdiction which are weak and exposed must be evacuated.

Colonel Hicks remains in command at Paducah, and Brigadier-General Prince is ordered to take command of Columbus, Ky.

All troops along the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers must strike at the enemy wherever he is in reach, and strike hard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B McPHERSON.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

Numbers 34. Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

I. Brigadier General Henry Price, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed to Columbus, Ky., and assume command of that district reporting by

