
The chief officers of the staff departments belonging to the headquarters of the district (at present located in Cairo) will forthwith report in person to the undersigned at this place. The assistant adjutant-general will transfer his office, including all the records of the district, to this place to-morrow.

The necessary transportation to execute these orders will be furnished by the quartermaster.

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., May 1, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Your Special Orders, Numbers 61, assigned me to the command of the District of Cairo.

General Sherman's Special Orders, Numbers 34 (April 24, 1864), directs Brigadier General H. Prince "to proceed to Columbus and assume command of that district."

General McPherson's letter of instructions to General Prince, April 20, assigns General Prince "to the command of the Defenses and District of Columbus, Ky.," and describes this district by metes and bounds-being on the east side of the rivers-excluding, or rather not referring, to the post of Cairo.

General Prince, by his order, April 28, issued from Columbus, assumes "command of this district."

In the same order he districts my staff officers, located at Cairo, to report to him at Columbus, also my adjutant to transfer his office, records, &amp;c., to Columbus.

General Sherman's orders seem to include Cairo; General McPherson's letter otherwise.

General Prince, as shown by his order, understands his command to include Cairo.

I have not been relieved by any order from, the command I assumed under yours.

Personally, I make no question, being prepared to obey, lawful orders and perform any duty, but there is confusion and doubt for which I am not accountable. I therefore solicit your order-being a district commander without a district, unless it be Cairo, which is a post, having a commander, &c.

Yours, &c.,

M. BRYAMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., May 2, 1864.

Brigadier General H. PRINCE,

Commanding District of Columbus:

SIR: Since our conversation yesterday evening, Major-General Hurlbut has directed me to continue on duty as before, as to Cairo omitting all that pertains to the other side of the river. Accordingly I resumed business this morning, and my staff officers report to me for duty as before; my headquarters also remaining as before.

I have directed to be prepared for your use such original records, or copies thereof, as may most agreeable and useful to you. I agree

