
with you that Ciaro should be a part of your district, and doubt not it will soon be so. At present i am governed by instructions of a superior officer, and when placed in such official relation as to make it proper, shall with entire readiness and pleasure be governed by yours.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRYAMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., May 2, 1864.

Brigadier General H. PRICE,

Commanding District of Columbus:

SIR: Under verbal instructions from Major-General Harlbut, I this morning resumed the transaction of official business and so advised you by note.

Since that time General Hurlbut has been relieved from command. I recognize the necessity of Cairo being a part of the district placed under your command, though instructions of General McPhersol led General H. to a different conclusion, aided by the fact that I am not relieved in the usual manner.

I therefore return to our understanding of yesterday morning. While waiting to be informed officially whether it was intended to relieve me from command, I think it proper to report to you for duty as you may prescribe, leaving the apparent conflict of jurisdiction in which the business of the past few days has been involved, to be explained where it originated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., April 28, 1864.

SIR: Having been so instructed by Major-General Sherman, commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, I have the honor to transmit such testimony as I have been able to procure relative to the late tragedy at Fort Pillow.

In some cases the reports, of commissioned officers have been received without oath, but nearly all the statements are sworn to in the usual manner.

Many persons who could have testified fully are not now accessible, having separated.

Recognizing the exigency of the case, I prefer to transmit such as could be obtained in the shortest time. With your approbation I will add such as can be hereafter procured.

You will however,, find sufficient in these papers to enforce absolute conviction upon all minds that violations of the laws and usages of civilized, war and of those obligations of common humanity which even barbarous and heathen tribes in some sort observe, have been perpetrated.

Men and women who passed through the excitements of the battle, as well as the horrors of an indiscriminate massacre, which raged not only when the blood was hot and hot and the judgment clouded by conflict, but reached into the quiet of the following day, most of

