
them mutilated, hacked, and torn, and some while dying, have patiently, calmly, and even with forging spirit, told their, pitiful story. The sole minuets of an oath under such circumstances would seem to be scarcely required.

It may be added that these murders came not of sudden heat, consequent upon battle and perpetrated by soldiers whom their officers could not control. The purpose to do this very thing was avowed beforehand by rebel officers in command. At Paducah threats of indiscriminate murder were made; at Columbus the slag the of all colored soldiers was threatened. These threats were made in official papers signed by the generals in command, and which are in our possession. Verbal threats of the same character will in due time be proven. By the casualty of war the fate intended for Paducah and Columbus fell only upon Fort Pillow.

A full and formal report of military operations within this district since I had the honor to be assigned to its command will be forwarded at the [end] of this month, to which reference is made for closer details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City.

[Inclosure Numbers 5*]

Testimony of Ransom Anderson (colored), private in Company B, Sixth, U. S. Heavy Artillery:

I do hereby certify that I am a member of Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery, and that I was in the battle of Fort Pillow on the 12th day of April, A. d. 1864, and that I was severely wounded during the progress of the engagement. When the surrender occurred I was taken prisoner. I also certify that while a prisoner and wounded I was further wounded by being cut in the head and hands by one Lieutenant Williams, C. S. Army. I also certify that I saw John Pritchard, of Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery, shot while a prisoner and while lying by my side upon the ground. I also certify that I saw Coolie Pride, of the same regiment and the same company, stabbed by a rebel soldier with a bayonet and the and the bayonet broken off in his body, after the said Coolie Pride had been taken prisoner by the Confederates. On the morning of the 13th day of April, A. D. 1864, after he had been taken prisoner, I saw Daniel Lester shot dead by a rebel soldier.

Mounted City, April 23, 1864.

RANSOM (his x mark) ANDERSON.

Witness:

JOHN H. BAKER,

Captain Company, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANTLEY,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

---------------

*For inclosures Nos. 1-4, see reports of William Cleary, W. f Ferguson, F. A. Smith, D. Van Horn, and John G. Woodruff, pp. 563, 571, 563, 569, and 558, respectively.

---------------

