
February 28, the Fiftieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Fourth Tennessee moved into the works south of the river opposite Knoxville, to replace the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, which moved to Strawberry Plains.

SECOND BRIGADE.

February 1, encamped on the south side of Knoxville.

February 5, pickets attacked by enemy's cavalry 2 1/2 miles from Knoxville.

February 14, again attacked; made reconnaissance with six companies of each regiment 5 miles out on the Sevierville road.

February 20, rebel cavalry appeared on Sevierville road; pickets skirmished; enemy driven off with loss by a detachment of the Third Indiana Cavalry; our loss, 4 wounded.

February 22, made a reconnaissance under Major-General Stoneman to Shook's and Pickins' Gap; found enemy's camp abandoned. February 23, returned from reconnaissance.

February 29, marched to Strawberry Plains, where the brigade is now encamped.

First East Tennessee Brigade, commanded by Colonel William Cross, Third Tennessee Infantry.

February 6, Brigadier General J. G. Spears in arrest.

February 15, the brigade, having remained at Love's Hill, 3 miles northeast of Knoxville, since the 1st of the month, was ordered and moved to Knoxville, Colonel Cross, Third Tennessee Infantry, in command, Colonel Cooper, the senior colonel, being reported sick.

February 23, ordered and moved toward Strawberry Plains. The Ninth Army Corps, Second Division, Twenty-third Corps, and Wood's division, Fourth Corps, all moved out this morning, arriving at the plains about 4.30 p.m.

February 26, crossed the river in the morning, where we lay over until the evening of the 29th.

February 29, took up the line of march for New Market; arrived about 9 p.m.

MARCH.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry M. Judah.

March 1, the division to Panther Springs.

March 2, returned to Mossy Creek at night.

March 5, reconnaissance of 100 men from Tennessee Brigade made to Panther Springs; were attacked by near 500 rebel cavalry in open ground, but forced their way out, after gallant resistance, with a loss of 2 killed and 22 captured, inflicting on the enemy a far greater loss.

March 12, marched to Morristown.

March 14, repulsed reconnoitering party (350 rebel cavalry), inflicting a loss on them of 1 killed.

March 18, returned to Mossy Creek and went into camp.

