
federates he went immediately to the fort, and was engaged with a musket in defending the fort when General Chalmers was repulsed twice. After this I was detailed to carry wounded down the hill, on which the fort was situated, to the river bank, where, beside a large log, I raised a red flag as a sign of a hospital-the flag was made from part of a red flannel shirt. The last attack was made by General Forrest in person, who headed the column. Forrest was wounded in three places, and his horse shot under him.

Major Booth, of the regular army, was in command. He was killed about 11 o'clock by a sharpshooter, when Major Bradford, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment, took command. Major Bradford was taken prisoner and killed, near Judge Green's, some 6 miles from the fort, while a prisoner.

When the Confederates rushed into the fort-having taken advantage of a flag of truce to get their men close to the fort in a ravine, and directly under the embankments-this force numbered some 1,500 with a large reserve in sight. As soon as the Confederates got into the fort the Federal threw down their arms in token of surrender, and many exclaimed, "We surrender." Immediately an indiscriminate massacre commenced on both black and white soldiers. Up to the time of the surrender I don't think more than from 20 to 25 had been killed, and not more than 15 wounded.

I was taken prisoner and when marching with other prisoners, black and white, I saw the Confederates shoot and kill and wounded both white and black Federal prisoners. Some negroes were severely beaten, but still able to go along. We were taken a few miles into the country, when myself and few others got relieved by General McCulloch, on the ground of being private citizens.

I saw General Forrest, and knew he was wounded, as before stated. There were from 25 to 30 black soldiers carried off as prisoners, and not over 30 to 35 whites; all the rest of that faithful and heroic garrison, some 500 or 600 in number, were killed and wounded in action, on murdered or wounded after the surrender. I saw officers as well as privates kill and wound prisoners, and heard them say, while held a prisoner with them in the country, that they intended taking the prisoners still farther into the country and making an example of them.

Captain Bradford, of the Thirteenth Tennessee, was engaged, with a blue signal flag, in connection with gun-boat Numbers 7. Captain Bradford was ordered shot by General Forrest, who said, "Shoot that man with the black flag." This was after the surrender. His body was literally shot to pieces. All, both black and white, fought manfully. I saw several negroes wounded, with blood running from their bodies, still engaged loading and firing cannon and muskets cheerfully. There was no giving way till 1,500 Confederates rushed inside the fort ; most were killed outside the fort when prisoners. The fort was defended successfully for eight hours by from 500 to 600 men against 3,500 to 4,000 barbarians. I heard Confederate officers say it was the hardest contested engagement that Forrest had ever been engaged in. I hear officers say they would never recognize negroes as prisoners of war, but would kill them whenever taken; even if they caught a negro with blue clothes on (uniform they would kill him. Officers of negro troops were treated and murdered the same as the negroes themselves. After lying in the woods two days and nights, I was picked up by gun-boat Numbers 7, some 5 or 6 miles below the fort. On my return to the fort I saw and recog-

