
nized the remains of Lieutenant Ackerstrom. He had been nailed to a house, and supposed burned alive. There were the remains of to a 2 negroes lying where the house burned. I was told they were nailed to the floor. I also found a negro partially buried with this head out of the ground alive. I went for assistance and water for him. When I returned he was so near dead that no assistance could save him. We sat by him till he died.

I cannot recount but a small part of the barbarities I saw on that fatal day, when hundreds of loyal soldiers were murdered in cold blood.

JAS. R. BINGHAM.

Sworn before me at Cairo, Ill., this 18th day of April, 1864.

JNO. H. MUNROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

Testimony of Hardin Cason, Company A, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery:

I do hereby certify that I was in the engagement at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1864, and that I was wounded during the battle and then taken prisoner. I also certify that on the following morning (being on the morning of the 13th of April A. D. 1864) I saw Corpl. Robert Winston murdered by a rebel soldier, Corporal Winston having been previously wounded during the progress the of battle on the 12th. I also certify that I saw several other men shot who had been taken prisoners, their names not being known to me.

Mound City, April 23, 1864.

HARDIN (his x mark) CASON.

Witness:

JOHN H. BAKER,

Captain Co. B., Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored.)

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal, Mound City.

[Inclosure Numbers 9]

Testimony of Corpl. Eli Cothel, Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery:

I do hereby certify that I was wounded during the engagement at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1864. I was shot through the arm while thus a prisoner to the rebel forces. I saw 17 men thus shot, not knowing their names, after first being taken prisoners.

Mound City, Ill., April 23, 1864.

ELI (his x mark) COTHEL.

Witness:

JOHN H. BAKER,

Captain Co. B. Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored).

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

