
a small squad he had already up, but stole away from then during the night and got among the dead, feigning death for fear of being murdered.

The next morning the gun-boat cane up and commenced shelling them out, when I crawled out from among the dead and with a piece of paper motioning to the boat; she came up, and I crawled on board.

WM. J. (his x mark) MAYS.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th day of April, 1864.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 14.]

Testimony of Emanuel Nichols, Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy, Artillery:

I do hereby certify that I was in the battle fought at Fort Pillow. Tenn., on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1864, and that I was wounded during the engagement. I also certify that after being wounded I was taken prisoner, and on the following morning, 13th of April, A.

D. 1864, I was shot by a rebel soldier and left for dead upon the battlefield.

Mound City, Ill., April 23, A. D. 1864.

EMANUEL (his x mark) NICHOLS.

Witness:

JOHN H. BAKER,

Ca[taom Co. B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored).

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23 day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal, Mound City, Ill.

[Inclosure Numbers 15.]

MOUNTED CITY, April 25, 1864.

Statement of Daniel H. Rankin, Company C, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers:

I was in Fort Pillow on Tuesday, the 12th of April, 1864, and was engaged in the fight there on that day. They drove in our pickets about 6 a. m.. They came in as skirmishers and sharpshooters. This kind of fighting lasted some two hours, when we were driven into the fort, the rebels taking possession of our rifle-pits. The firing from both sides continued up to about 12 o'clock, they endeavoring to gain a position from which to storm our works, but were unable. They made two different assault, but were repulsed each time. They then sent in a flag of truce demanding a surrender of the works, which demand was refused. While the flag was in waiting and the firing suspended the rebels were moving for position, and actually occupied the one which they had endeavored to occupy all the forenoon, but in vain, and the one from which the heaviest assault was made upon works. In about five minutes after the leaving of the flag, and before our officers had scarcely time to get inside the fort, an order for a general assault was given, when they rushed upon us in overwhelming numbers. We held them at bay for some time, when two companies of negro troops broke and ran down the bluff, which made an opening for the rebels to come in at when they got possession of our works and indiscriminate slaughter commenced of both while and black. When I saw we were over

