
powered I threw down my gun and took off my cartridge-box and asked for quarter. I heard an officer of some description order his men to kill us and show no quarter. I wa standing at this time just under the bluff and the rebels upon the top firing at us. I held up my hands and told them I had surrendered, but they still kept firing. I was hit seven times after I had thrown down my arms in token of surrender, though some of the wounds were light. I was then taken prisoner. I was taken some 2 mile s from the fort with the other prisoners, I think some 100 whites and 18 or 20 negroes. The next morning after the fight myself and some 10 or 12 other wound were parole d and started into the fort. I started in in company with two rebel surgeons, the others having gone before. As we started we heard a firing, when one of the surgeons remarked that is some of our boys shooting down those wounded. I don't know whether it was done or not. There were some 50 negroes shot while in the water. I was shot at while standing inthe water behind a log.

DANIEL H. (his x mark) RANKIN.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 25th day of April, 1864.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]

Statement of John F. Ray, Company B, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry:

I do hereby [certify] that was at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12 th of the present month, when it was attacked by the rebels under General Forrest. I was in the fort from the first. A continued fire was kept up until about 1 p. m., when the flag of truce came in from the Confederates. I saw the rebels massing and disposing their forces while th flag wa sunder consideration. I also certify that at this time I saw some of the rebels come up even to the ditch beyond which our cannon were placed. I asked some of them why they came so close while the flag of truce was being canvassed. They only replied that they knew their business there. We threatened to fire if they came any nearer, when they jumped into the ditches outside of our fort. Firing was then resumed and lasted about one hour, when the rebels stormed our works. The negroes ran. The white men also ran, both having thrown down their arms, but both were followed up closely by armed rebels, who shot down all indiscriminately. I was shot after I had surrendered, and while going down the bluff I saw 12 white soldiers and perhaps 30 negroes shot down after surrender, and while begging for mercy. I also certify that in one instance I saw a small negro boy riding on a horse sitting behind a rebel lieutenant when the lieutenant was ordered by a superior officer (I am not positive that it was General Chalmers) to take that "God-damned niger down and short him, or he would be shot himself." The order was obeyed, and the boy was killed.

Mount City, Ill., April 23, 1864.

JOHN F. (his x mark) RAY.

Witness:

WILLIAM CLEARY,

Second Lieutenant Co. B., Thirteenth Tennesse Cavalry.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANTLY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

