
Third Division, commanded by Colonel James W. Reilly, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry.

March 1, the First Brigade was encamped at Knoxville and Second Brigade at Strawberry Plains.

March 10, the First Brigade joined the Second Brigade at Strawberry Plains; marched to Mossy Creek, going in camp at that place on the evening of same day.

March 12, moved to Morristown, encamping east of and adjacent to the town, remaining in camp until the morning of the 18th.

March 18, the division was ordered to march to Mossy Creek; arrived in the afternoon and went into camp.

APRIL.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alvin P. Hovey.

April 5, took up line of march for Loudon, Tenn.; marched at the rate of 11 1/2 miles per day.

April 24, arrived at Charleston, Tenn., where received orders assigning to the First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Department of the Ohio, since which time the command has been constantly on the move in face of the enemy, making it impossible to report sooner.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry M. Judah.

The division lay in camp at Mossy Creek, Tenn., until the 29th, when it marched via Knoxville to Calhoun, Tenn., where it arrived on the 30th.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox.

April 1, the division marched from Mossy Creek, Tenn., to Morristown, Tenn.

April 2, marched to Bull's Gap, Tenn.

April 25, the Second Brigade marched to Jonesborough. The First Brigade marched to Lick Creek railroad bridge and destroyed the railroad entirely to 2 miles beyond Blue Springs; returned to Bull's Gap at night.

April 26, the Second Brigade reached Jonesborough in the evening.

April 27, marched back, destroying the railroad to Greeneville and reached Bull's Gap on the morning of the 29th; division commenced moving to Charleston, Tenn., partly marching and partly by railroad.

April 30, camps located at Charleston, Tenn.

Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jacob Ammen.

The Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, organized by Special Orders, Numbers 101, dated Headquarters Department of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn., April 10, 1864, at which date Brigadier General J. Ammen assumed command.

April 25, Captain Benjamin K. Weatherwax, Company C, Tenth Michigan Cavalry, killed in action at Watauga bridge, Carter's Station, Tenn.; 7 men wounded at same time.

