
the hands of the rebels. I also saw George Wilborn shot down, and killed after being taken prisoner.

Mound City, April 23, 1864.

BENJ. (his x mark) ROBINSON,

Sergeant Company D, U. S. Heavy Artillery.

Witness:

JOHN H. BAKER,

Captain Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored).

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 23rd day of April, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANLYE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 19.]

Statement of Mrs. Ann Jane Rufins:

I am the wife Thomas Rufins, a member of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry. Was at Fort Pillow on Tuesday the 12th of April, A. D. 1864, and was removed to an island during the progress of the battle. Returned to Fort Pillow on Wednesday morning, the 13th of April, and saw the remains of a man lying upon the back, its arms outstretched, with some planks under it. the man had to all appearances been nailed to the side of the house, and then the building set on fire. I am satisfied that the body was that of Lieutenant John C. Ackerstrom, second lieutenant Company A, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, who was on duty as quartermaster of the post of Fort Pillow. I was well acquainted with Lieutenant Ackerstrom when living. After examining the body I walked around to a ditch where a large number of dead and wounded had been thrown and partially covered. I saw several places where the wounded had dug holes and attempted to get out, but had been unable to do so.

Cairo, April 18, 1864.

ANN JANE (her x mark) RUFINS.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of April, 1864.

ISAAC M. TALMADGE,

Captain and District Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 20.]

Statement of Daniel Stamps, Company E, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry:

I do hereby certify that I was at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12th day of the present month, when it was attacked by the rebels under Forrest. I was ordered out as a sharpshooter, skirmished with the enemy about one hour, when I was called within the fort. We fired very deliberately while we were outside of the fort and I saw a great many fall dead from the effects of our guns. I staid within the fort perhaps about one hour, when I was again taken as a sharpshooter to go down under the bluff to repulse the enemy, reported as coming down Coal Creek. We attained a good position where we could see the enemy very plainly, being ourselves secreted behind some logs. I kept up a steady fire all the time I was in this place, until the flag of truce came up, about 1 p. m., killing of the enemy at nearly every shot. We were next ordered to cease firing. At that very moment the force of the enemy, which had been kept back by our sharpshooting, made an advance. I looked up and saw large bodies of infantry moving down Coal Creek re-enforcing those previously

