
before us, and whose advance we had prevented. When the rebels had got a good position where they could pick or men off as they came out of fort, I saw them break ranks and get water out of the river and make every preparation for a fight, after which they resumed their line of battle. This they did while the flag of truce was being considered and all firing had ceased. The demand of the flag of truce having been refused, the firing was resumed, and I discharged my piece several times, bringing one rebel down at every shot; thus for about three-quarters of an hour keeping them from an advance. Afterward, when the negroes had given way on the left, I saw then run out of the fort down the bluff close to my vicinity. Them I saw the white soldiers coming down after, them saying the rebels, wee showing no quarter. I then threw down my gun and ran down with them, closely pursued by the enemy shooting down every man black and white. They said they had orders from Forrest to show no quarter, but o "kill the last God damn one of them." While I was standing at the bottom of the hill, I heard a rebel officer shout out an order of some kind to the men who had taken us, and saw a rebel soldier standing by me. I asked him what the officers had said. He repeated it to me again. It was, "kill the last damn one of them." The soldier replied to his officer that we had surrendered; that we were prisoners and must not be shot. The officer again replied, seeming crazy with rage that he had not been obeyed," I tell you to kill the last God damned one of them." He then turned and galloped off. I also certify that I saw 2 men shot down while I was under the bluff. They fell nearly at my feet. They had their hands up; had surrendered, and were begging for mercy. I also certify that I saw at least 25 negroes shot down, within 10 or 20 paces from the place where I stood. They had also certify than on the ensuing morning I saw negroes who were wounded, and had survived the night, shot and killed as fast as they could be found. One rebel threatened to kill me because I would not tell him where a poor negro soldier was who had been wounded badly, but who had crawled off on his hands and knees and hidden behind a log. I was myself also shot some two hours after I had surrendered.

Mound City, Ill., April 23, 1864.

DANIEL (his x mark) STAMPS.

Witness:

WILLIAM CLEARY,

Second Lieutenant Co. B., 13th Tennessee Cavalry Vols.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 25th day of april, 1864, at Mound City, Ill.

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 21.]

Statement of James N. Taylor, Company E, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry.

I was at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12th day of the present month when the place was attacked by the rebels under Forrest. I was at first doing duty as a sharpshooter. After about two hours of that work I was ordered within the fort, and obeyed. About 1 p. m. while the flag of truce was discussion, I plainly saw the enemy engaged in disposing their troops, plundering our camp, and steal

