HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,May 4, 1864.

SIR: On April 28 I had the honor to transmit by the hand of Honorable B. F. Wade proofs concerning the affair at Fort Pillow.

On the 30th I also transmitted a duplicate thereof, intending one copy, if it pleased you, for the committed of which Mr. Wade is chairman.

I now, as therein promised, send additional proofs, since secured, to be added to those first sent.

For list* thereof see next page.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Statement of Sandy Addison, private Company A, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored):

I, Sandy Addison, private Company A, Sixth U. S. Artillery (colored), would on oath state the following:

I was in the the battle fought at Fort Pillow, Tenn., on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1864, and that I was taken prisoner about 5 p. m. same day. After the fort had been carried by the enemy the U. S. troops took shelter under the bluff of the hill, the officers all being killed or wounded. The white flag was raised by one of the colored men, but they kept firing upon us. I do not know how many, but a great many were killed under the white flag. I was taken over 2 miles, and camped for the night. There were several other prisoners with us. The surgeon dressed their wounds. He sent 3 colored men back to river under the flag of truce. After they had got a little way off the rebels shot them down while they were going back to the boat; afterward they shot a man (he being wounded he could not go fast enough), and made some plantation hands bury him.

I was prisoner five days, and made my escape.

SANDY (his x mark) ADDISON.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 30 th day of April 1864 at Fort Pickering, Memphis, Tenn.

MALCOM F. SMITH,

Firs Lieutenant and Adjt. 6th U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored.)

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of Wilbur H. Gaylord, first sergeant Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored):

I was in the battle fought at Fort Pillow on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1864. The engagement commenced about 6.30 a. m. I was stationed about 20 rods outside the fort, with 20 men, in a southeast direction (this was about 6.30 a. m.) with orders from Major L. F. Booth to hold the position as long as possible without being captured. I staid there with men about one hour. While there

