
the rebels came within 30 rods, and tried to stead horses. They got two horses, and at the same time stuck a rebel flag on the fortifications. While I held this position the white men (Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry) on my right retreated to the fort. About the minutes after this I went with my men to the fort. While going into the fort I saw Lieutenant Barr, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, shot down by my side. He was shot through the head. He fell outside the fortifications about 6 feet. Ten minutes after getting into the fort Major L. F. Booth was was shot at port-hole Numbers 2, while standing directly in the gun; was shot directly through the heart; expired instantly,. I carried him to the bank of the river. As soon as I returned Captain Epeneter, Company A, was wounded inthe head while standing at port-hole Numbers 4. He immediately went to the hospital, which was below the river bank, about halfway down I should think. Ten men were killed before a flag of truce came in, which was about 12 m. Five men, who were all dressed alike came with the flag the rebels, and Major Bradford, of Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, who had now assumed command, asked one hour's time to consider, no the conclusion of which he returned a decided refusal. The fire on both sides now commenced and was kept up about half an hour with great fury,when the rebels charged over the works. (I should have said that General Forrest came with the flag.) The enemy was checked and held for a few minutes. As soon as they were fairly on the works I was wounded with a musket-ball through the right ankle. I should think than 200 rebels passed over the works and passed by me while I lay there. When one rebel noticed that I was alive shot at me again and missed me. I told him I was wounded and that I would surrender when a Texas ranger stepped up and took me prisoner. Just at this time I saw them shoot down 3 black men who were begging for their lives, and who had surrendered. The rebels now helped me through port-hole Numbers 4. The ranger who took me captured a colored soldier whom he sent with me; he also sent a guard. They took me to picket-post Numbers 2. There I was put into an ambulance and taken to a farm-house with one of their dead, who was a chaplain. There I was made to lie out doors all night on account of the house being filled with their wounded. I bandaged my own wound with my drawers, and a colored man brought water and set by me so that I could keep my foot wet.

Next morning Colonel McCulloch came there and sent a squad of men, having pressed all the conveyances he could find to take away his own wounded. Not finding sufficient, nor having negroes enough they made stretchers of blankets. They cold not carry me, and so left me at the farm-house. The man's name was Stone. He got me into the house, and into bed. He and his wife were very kind to me.

While Colonel McCulloch was there he told me Memphis, Tenn., was probably in the hands of the rebels. The rear guard of the rebels left there Wednesday about 5 p. m. The rebels took a young man whose father lived near here, and who had been wounded in the fight to the woods and shot three more shots into his back and into his head and left him until Friday morning, when the citizens took him in. They brought him to the house where I was and then carried us both to Fort Pillow in a cart that they fixed up for be occasion, in hopes of getting us on board of a gun-boat. Upon our arrival there a gun-boat lay on the opposite bank, but we could not hail her. We laid on the bank. They took the young man back to

