
Bradford to see what wanted. He soon returned with a demand for our surrender, stating that our brave defense had entitled us to be treated as prisoners of war; but if we did nut surrender they should charge our works, and we would have to take the consequences. All this time the rebels took advantage of the truce and moved up close under our works, and took their position ready for a charge. The demand to surrender was refused, and up to this time but few had been killed but a good many wounded; but now the charge came, and as they came up they gave their usual yell, and the Thirteenth Cavalry fled for the banks of the river. When the cavalry commenced to break our colored men wavered, and the rebels had by this time succeeded in entering the fort. Lieutenant Van Horn begged and ordered them to stop, but each one sought safety in flight, as the rebels had commenced an indiscriminate slaughter of the black soldiers, and, as far as I could see, every one was shot down as fast as rebels could shoot their guns and revolvers. Some were shot down so close to me that they would nearly fall on me. i surrendered, the rebel remarking that they did not shoot white men, but, wanted to know what in hell I was there fight int with the damned niger for. I soon got away from him, for he was too intent on murder to mind me; but had gone but a few steps when another rebel met me and after robbing me of everything but my clothes he left me as not worthy of his further notice. I then went down the river to the quartermaster's house, where I found Lieutenant Van Hor. We staid there about ten minutes when a rebel came in and again demanded our surrender. I told him I had done so twice already. He then ordered us to follow him. We did, going up into town and into a store, where he commenced to pillage and I to get on some citizens' clothing, which I soon did, and got out of the store. I now missed Lieutenant Van Horn, and did not see him again until the next Sunday, when I found he had escaped and got back to Fort Pickering before me. Companies B and D were outside the fort in the rifle-pits until the enemy received his re-enforcements, when they retired inside of the fort. Major Booth, from the time he took command of the post at Fort Pillow, was strengthening the same by throwing up rifle-pits, building platforms, and making embrasures in the fort for the purpose of working his guns. I succeeded in making my escape by getting citizen's clothing playing off as rebel. I then hid myself under the bank of the river until a tug-boat came along, which I boarded.

HENRY F. WEAVER,

Company C, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored.)

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day f April, 1864, at Fort Pickering, Memphis, Tenn.

MALCOM F. SMITH,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored.)

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

Statement of Jacob Wilson, private of Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored):

I, Jacob Wilson, a private of Company B, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery, would on oath state the following:

That I was in the battle fought at Fort Pillow on the 12th day of April A. D. 1864, and after seven hours' hard fighting we were

