
Fifth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson.

Almost the whole month occupied in organizing the division and nothing, worthy of note transpired, except an engagement near Paintsville, Ky., in which Colonel Gallup, commanding the First Brigade, encountered and completely routed a force of the enemy under Colonel Clay. During the engagement Clay was wounded and fell into our hands, together with 60 of his men; also a large number of horses, saddles, and small-arms. This occurred on the 14th. Colonel Weatherford, commanding the Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, had several skirmishes along the Green and Cumberland Rivers during the month, all of which were unimportant.

CAVALRY.

JANUARY.

First Division, Cavalry Corps, commanded by Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry.

January 1, First and Second Brigades remained at Mossy Creek, doing heavy picketing until the 14th, when we moved to Dandridge, 12 miles and went into camp, after skirmishing with the enemy about 1 mile from town. The Third Brigade still at Buffalo Creek, on north side of Holston River.

January 16, the division moved out on the Chucky road toward Morristown, 4 miles, when we came upon a much superior force of the enemy in strong position with artillery. The division held its position until the enemy moved down on either flank in strong columns, overpowering our small force sent to check the movement, when we fell back in excellent order to the position held by us in the morning, the enemy following us boldly. We had no artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, First Kentucky Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, made a flank movement on the enemy, driving him in confusion from his camp, but was overpowered, and after a gallant resistance fell back slowly to the Third Brigade.

January 17 (Sunday), the enemy attacked the entire line about 2 p.m. This division had heavy skirmishing until dark, the enemy's line and ours in talking distance when night came on. About 10 p.m. (the army having been ordered to fall back to Mossy Creek) this division fell back, holding the rear.

January 18, fell back to Strawberry Plains, fording the Holston River.

January 19, marched to Knoxville.

January 20 and 21, marched 3 miles north of Sevierville, and encamped.

January 22, marched to Fair Garde, 10 miles and encamped and remained until the 25th, when the division moved back 3 miles for convenience of forage and water.

January 26, marched to Flat Creek, near Fowler's house, and took position. Had heavy skirmishing with the enemy. After dark fell back near Sevierville and encamped.

January 27, moved back to Flat Creek, and then across on Sevierville and Fair Garden road to the support of the Second Division, and encamped at night near Fair Garden.

