
January 28, marched to Kelley's Ford and attacked the enemy's position. Had sharp fighting for two hours, and then fell back (the enemy not pursuing) to Maryville via Tuckaleechee, Wear's and Miller's Coves, reaching Maryville at 4 p.m.

January 31, Third Brigade in Lee County, Va. The stock of this division is entirely unserviceable for active operations.

JANUARY 1-APRIL 18, 1864.-Hughs' operations in Middle Tennessee.

Report of Colonel John M. Hughs, Twenty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.

DALTON, GA., April 28, 1864.

SIR: I have honor to submit herewith the following report of my operations in Middle Tennessee:#

During the very cold weather in January, 1864, it was impossible to operate on a large scale and our time was occupied in hunting down the bushwhackers and tories, and for that purpose my command was divided; a portion under Major Bledsoe, of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry (this officer had been cut off from Major-General. Wheeler's command and had reported to me for duty) operated in White County, and the part commanded by myself remained in Overton. During the month of January a great many tories and bushwhackers were killed and some slight engagements with the enemy occurred.

On the 14th of February I was rejoined by Major Bledsoe and on the 15th we attacked and defeated a party of bushwhackers and tories, numbering some less than 100, under Captains Dowdy and Beaty killing 17, capturing 2, and effectually dispersing the whole gang. On the 22nd of February we met a party of "picked men" from the Fifth Tennessee (Yankee) Cavalry, under Captain Exum.## This party had refused to treat us as prisoners of war, and had murdered several of our men whom they had caught straggling from their command. The enemy numbered 110 men; my own force was about 60. The fighting on our part was severe in the extreme; men never fought with more desperation or gallantry. Forty-seven of the enemy were killed, 13 wounded, and 4 captured; our loss was 2 wounded.

On the 26th February, I captured Washington, East Tenn., with 65 prisoners, killing 3 and wounding 7.

On the 27th February we routed a new company of State Guards, forming under Governor Johnson's orders, in Sequatchie Valley, under Captain Pirom, capturing 23 prisoners and entirely breaking up the contemplated organization.

On the 10th March I met and fought in White County another detachment of Colonel Stokes' Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, under Captain Blackburn, numbering about 125 men; my command numbered something less than 100 men. After about ten minutes severe fighting, I was forced to retire with a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded; the enemy's loss was 3 killed and 7 wounded, according to their own accounts.

---------------

*Includes skirmishes in Overton County, February 15, and on Calfkiller Creek, February 22, capture of Washington, February 26; skirmishes in Sequatchie Valley, February 27, and in White County, March 10; raid on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, near Tullahoma, March 16; and skirmish March 20.

#The portion here omitted relates to operations August 16-December 31, 1863, and is printed in Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II, p. 646, and Vol. XXXI, Part I, p. 575.

##On Calfkiller Creek.

---------------

