
ants, I respectfully request that your order all such of the town. They will be allowed to pass through my lines and will be allowed one hour to get out.

I am, very respectfully,

A. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Forces.

To which I replied:
HEADQUARTERS POST OF PADUCAH,Paducah, Ky., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BUFORD,

Commanding Confederate Forces:

SIR: I have this moment received yours of this date. Your notice of one hour to let the women and children out exhibits an act of humanity on your part, but do not allow your men to sack the city during that time, nor attempt to take position, or I will fire on you. After that time come ahead; I am ready for you.

Very respectfully,

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Notwithstanding this warning, and while I was giving the notice according to agreement to "women and children and non-combatants." and withholding my fire, parties of the enemy were going through the upper part of the city, under protection of white flags, breaking into house and robbing and plundering.

This being brought to my notice by one of the messengers I sent out, I immediately ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Faton, Seventy-second Ohio, with 200 men to pass up the river under cover of the gunboats and guns of the fort and drive them from the city.

On appearance of Colonel Eaton's command on the streets, the enemy fell back to the main force, which immediately commenced retreating inthe direction of Mayfield.

I now commenced shelling them from the fort, the gun-boats also opening upon them, but with what effect I am unable to learn.

We sustained no loss from this raid except in Government horses, about 40 of which were taken during the pending of the flag of truce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., April 2, 1864.

Colonel S. G. HICKS,

Commanding, Paducah, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: Your gallant and successful defense of your post against a force so superior that to have been overpowered would have been no dishonor has awakened the deepest gratitude and admiration, not only of your fellow soldiers, but of the patriotic and loyal throughout the country. Threatened at this point and at Columbus, with a force entirely inadequate for defense. I was unable to relieve you as promptly and as fully as your condition required.

In maintaining your position and defeating an enemy ten times your own number in a series of desperate conflicts, you more than sustained your well-earned character as a brave and accomplished officer, and the few but noble and gallant men you commanded proved to be every man a hero. I cannot better convey to you and

