
them the expression of my own feelings than by repeating a portion of a communication from Major General S. A. Hurlbut, commanding the Sixteenth Army Corps, on the same subject:

I am very much pleased with the report from Paducah. Convey to Colonel Hicks and his officers and men my thanks for their good conduct, which thanks will be forwarded to them in orders as soon as I receive the official details.

The destruction of Paducah is well deserved.

Awaiting your official report, I remain, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 7. Report of Major James F. Chapman, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry, of attack on Paducah.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 122nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Paducah, Ky., March 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the engagement at this place on the 25th day of March, 1864, between the forces of General N. B. Forrest and those under your command:

Early on the morning of the 25th, I received orders of you through Lieutenant Sargeant McKnight to keep my command in readiness to move at a moment's warning, and in case of an alarm to move into Fort Anderson at once. Between 1 and 2 p. m. a scout informed me that the enemy were in 3 miles of the city and approaching very rapidly. I immediately formed my men and moved to the fort as ordered, and formed my command on the west side of the front, with my right and left respectively resting near two 24-pounder siege guns, while in my center was a 24-pounder howitzer. In this position I awaited the approach of the enemy. At about 3 o'clock I discovered them forming in my front at a distance of 1,000 yards. They very soon moved forward in thee lines, with skirmishers in front. The latter took possession of some dwellings and the general hospital Numbers 1, and commenced firing at us through the windows and around the corners of the houses. From this position they were soon dislodged. About this time a flag of truce was seen coming in, and I ordered my men to cease firing. Soon after the flag of truce returned the enemy again advanced, this time in heavy force led by Brigadier General A. P. Thompson. They filled all the houses in reach of the fort, and opened a heavy fire from behind every obstacle that would afford them protection. While the battle was raging General Thompson was struck by a shell and instantly killed; two of his staff also fell dead near the spot where he lay. From the time they began to move into the houses until they were repulsed the fire of small-arms was almost incessant. Toward the last the firing was scattering, I having ordered my men not to fire without they could see the enemy. A feint, as though they would renew the assault, was made, but they fell back and did not renew it, and by 6 o'clock none of the enemy were in sight. Thus, after near three hours of hard fighting, the enemy was completely repulsed, leaving on the field 2 of their best generals, 1 captain, and 1 lieutenant, all

