
I received notice of the attack about 7 p. m. of the 12th, and immediately ordered the Fifty-fifth U. S. Infantry, colored troops, to embark on the Glendale; but within an hour after issuing the order authentic intelligence of the capture of the fort and garrison and of the force of the enemy was received, and the order countermanded.

I am this day informed that the rebels have abandoned the neighborhood of Fort Pillow, and I therefore allow the boats which have accumulated here to pass up the river. I cannot conclude this report without very earnestly calling the attention of the War Department through you to the necessity of some vigorous action on their part to insure the treatment due to soldiers to our colored troops. Not only is it due to our good name, but it will be necessary to preserve discipline among them. In case of an action in which to restrain them from retaliation.

Among the officers killed in this engagement I was personally acquainted only with Major L. F. Booth, Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery, colored. He was a good soldier and brave officer, and fell honorably in the gallant discharge of duty.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, and attention of the commanding-general called to the barbarous outrages committed upon the troops at Fort Pillow. The case demands the serious consideration of the Government.

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

MEMPHIS, April 15, 1864.

GENERAL: Fort Pillow was captured after a desperate resistance by assault on the 12th.

We have lost over 250 killed and wounded. The rebels butchered the negro troops after resistance ceased. Six guns-two 10-pounder Parrotts, two 6-pounders, two 12-pounder howitzers, were captured. The fort is now reported abandoned by them. Our garrison was four companies, William D. Turner's artillery (colored_, and 250 recruits (Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry); in all, about 550 men, which was a sufficient force for the fort.

Forrest has moved east and north. Lee is reported moving from Grenada to Columbus on account, it is said, of a movement on Tuscaloosa. Loring is on the line of the Tombigbee, moving north.

I have ordered up the four regiments of the Third Division of the Seventeenth Corps, now in Vicksburg, as soon as practicable, that I may have some movable troops. The veteran cavalry is detained at Saint Louis for want of horses. The enrolled militia is rapidly improving, and I think will fight if needed in the city.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

