
go out to be examined with great strictness. No man whose loyalty is questionable should be allowed to come in or go out while the enemy is in West Tennessee.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Major-General HURLBUT:

GENERAL:

* * * * *

Everything seems to be very quiet within a radius of from 30 or 40 miles around, and I do not think any apprehensions need be felt or fears entertained in reference to this place being attacked or even threatened. I think it perfectly safe.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. BOOTH,

Major Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored), Commanding Fort.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

W. R. McLagan, a citizen of the United States, being first duly sworn, states upon oath that for the last two years he has been trading between Saint Louis, Mo., and Covington, Tenn.; that at the time of the attack upon Fort Pillow, April 12, 1864, he was at Covington, Tenn., and was taken by General Forrest as a conscript on the 13th of April, with about 30 other citizens; that on the evening of the 12th of April Major Bradford, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, U. S. forces, arrived at Covington under guard as prisoner of war, and was reported as such to Colonel Duckworth, commanding Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, Confederate forces; that on the 13th of April Major Bradford and the conscripts, including the affiant, were placed in charge of two companies of the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, Captains Russell and Lawler commanding. They were taken to Brownsville, Tenn., and started from there to Jackson, Tenn.

When they had proceeded about 5 miles from Brownsville a halt was made, and Major Bradford was taken about 50 yards from the command by a guard of 5 Confederate soldiers in charge of a lieutenant, and was there deliberately shot, 3 of the Confederate soldiers discharging their fire-arms, all of which took effect, killing him instantly. This was on the 14th day of April, 1864, near dusk; that the body of Major Bradford was left unburied in the woods about 50 yards from the road.

The affiant, with the other conscripts, was taken on to Jackson, and on the 22nd day of April the affiant and 25 others of the conscripts made their escape from the Confederate forces at Jackson. On the way back he saw the body of Major Bradford lying in the same place where he was shot. This was on Saturday night, the 23rd of April. Major Bradford, before he was shot, fell on his knees and said that he had fought them manfully, and wished to be treated as a prisoner of war.

W. R. McLAGAN.

