
color. This horrid work of butchery did not cease even with the night of murder, but was renewed again the next morning, when number of our wounded were basely murdered after a long night of pain and suffering on the field where they had fought so bravely. Of this display of Southern chivalry, of this wholesale butchery of brave men, white as well as black, after they had surrendered, and of the innumerable barbarities committed by the rebels on our sick in hospitals and the bodies of our dead, I do not deem it necessary further to speak, inasmuch as the Committee on the Conduct of the War has made a full and accurate report of the same, in which the barbarities practiced by the rebels at Fort Pillow are shown to have been horrid in the extreme, and fully confirming even the most seemingly exaggerated statements.

The fate of Major William F. Bradford, for a while involved in some degree of doubt and obscurity, seems now to be clearly established. Subsequent events show beyond a reasonable doubt that he was brutally murdered the first night of his capture.

Of the commissioned officers of the Thirteenth West Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry (now the Fourteenth Regiment), all were killed save First Lieutenant Nicholas D. Logan, of C Company, who died in prison at Macon, Ga., on 9th June, 1864, and myself, the adjutant of the regiment.

The rebels were very bitter against these loyal Tennesseeans, terming them "home-made Yankees," and declaring they would give them no better treatment that they dealt out to the negro troops with whom they were fighting.

At about 10 a. m. the day following the capture of the fort, while the U. S. gun-boat Numbers 28 from Memphis was shelling the enemy, who, at the same time was engaged in murdering our wounded, Forrest sent a flag of truce to the commander granting him from that time until 5 p. m. to bury our dead and remove the few surviving wounded, he having no means of attending to them. This proposition was accepted, and under it myself with some 59 others, all that were left of the wounded, were carried on board the transport Platte Valley and taken to Mound City, Ill., where we received good care and medical treatment in the U. S. general hospital at that place. But one commissioned officer of the garrison besides myself lived to get there, and he (Lieutenant Porter) died soon afterward from the effect of his wound.

Of the number, white and black, actually murdered after the surrender I cannot say positively; however, from my own observation, as well as from prisoners who were captured at Fort Pillow and afterward made their escape, I cannot estimate that number at anything less than 300.

From what I could learn at the time of the fight, as well as from escaped prisoners since then, relative to the Confederate loss in the attack and capture of Fort Pillow, I am confident that 500 men in killed and wounded would not be an overestimate. The Confederate forces engaged, as nearly as I could ascertain numbered some 7,000 men, under command of Generals Forrest, Chalmers, and McCulloch.

The bravery of our troops in the defense of Fort Pillow, I think, cannot be questioned. Many of the men, and particularly the colored soldiers, had never before been under fire; yet every man did his duty with a courage and determined resolution, seldom if ever surpassed in similar engagements. Had Forrest not violated the rules of civilized warfare in taking advantage of the flag of truce in

