
afterward seen dead, still holding in his hand the musket he used so well. He leaves a destitute widow with two small children. He was a poor, but honest man.

The above are the main points of Private John Kennedy's report, who was prisoner with the rebels to the forenoon on the 15th instant, when he managed to escape.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CARL ADOLF LAMBERG,

Captain Second U. S. Light Arty. (colored), Commanding Batty. D.

Colonel I. G. KAPPNER.
HDQRS. BATTY. D, 2nd U. S. LIGHT ARTILLERY (COLORED),Near Memphis, Tenn., April 27, 1864.

COLONEL: I hereby have the honor to submit the following report with regard to the section of my battery which was on detached servise at Fort Pillow, Tenn., and took part in the action at said place on the 12th instant:

The most reliable information I have been able to gain is the report of John Kennedy, a private of my battery, who returned, wounded, to this place two days after the engagement.

The section consisted of 1 commissioned officer and 34 enlisted men. Only 2 enlisted men have as yet returned to this place.

Private Kennedy informs me that the garrison fought well, repulsed two attacks, and were in good hopes to be able to hold the fort. The fight continued for eight hours. He saw 6 men killed of my battery, 5 of whom were killed after the surrender, having been previously wounded during the action, and lying in their tents. He heard them ask for mercy, but the rebels did not listen to them but shot some of them through their heads and bodies, knocking others to death with their muskets. He saw a black woman, who was wounded during the action, shot through the head and killed by one of the rebels. During the last attack, when the rebels were climbing the works and entering the fort, he heard Major Bradford give the command, "Boys, save your lives." To this he heard Lieutenant Bischoff, of the Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored), object, saying to the major to order the men to remain at their guns and continue to fight the enemy, but the major, turning around and seeing the enemy coming in from all sides in overwhelming numbers, replied that it was useless. Kennedy then, together with some others, ran for the river, but within 2 feet of the same he was shot through both legs and fell down. He saw Lieutenant A. M. Hunter, the commanding officer of the section, with others, in the river; he saw the rebels fire at them, but he does not know with what effect, for he was captured at same moment and dragged away. The rebels turned his pockets inside out, and robbed him of what little valuables he had. He was then brought to the rear about amile from the fort and kept there over night, together with some other prisoners, about 50, as he believes, black and white. Unable to move on account of his wound, he was tied to a tree and lashed with a gun-sling. He saw 3 colored soldiers butchered to death by the rebels. They were knocked on their heads with muskets until they expired. He saw some few rebels, officers and privates, who tried to prevent these outrages. He saw only one officer whom he knew among the prisoners, Lieutenant Bischoff, of the Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (col-

