
great care and considerable expense that the men could keep themselves mounted. Owing to the scarcity of forage and provisions our expenses were very heavy, and as the people were unwilling to take receipts or scrip for anything furnished us I was compelled to pay all expenses in money out of my own funds. Receipts were taken when circumstances would admit, all of which were captured with my other papers by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. HUGHS,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Captain WALTER WEIR,

A. A. G., Johnson's Brigade.

JANUARY 3, 1864.-Actin at Jonesville, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Wilson C. Lemert, Eighty-sixth Ohio Infantry.,

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding Confederate forces in East Tennessee.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel Alphonso F. Cook, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Captain John B. Thompson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Numbers 7.-Major James R. Claiborne, Thirty-seventh Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel Auburn L. Pridemore, Sixty-fourth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army.

NEAR MAYNARDVILLE, January 6, 1864.-8 a.m.,

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Lemert reporting a cavalry force at Jonesville, which encountered Major Beeres' battalion, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, and captured it after a fight. The force is represented to be Jones' brigade. Beeres lost 2 mountain howitzers and a 3-inch gun and a forage train of 21 wagons, which he was protecting. He was scouting and had received intelligence of no force besides that which he had previously encountered and whipped. Colonel Thielemann, at Tazewell, reports a small force of cavalry and infantry crossing the Clinch. He does not say at what ford; he thinks it is intended to draw attention from the force on the Jonesville road. Colonel Matson has been detained, but even with his cavalry, if the report turns out true, the line is not safe, and more cavalry is needed. Colonel Lemert reports that he has but one day's full rations of hard bread and flour.

The rebels are reported to have left Jonesville for Mulberry Gap immediately after the fight. General Grant is here and going forward this morning. Says if the infantry here is needed he will send me back word.

Please forward this to General Foster.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Forces in Field, Strawberry Plains.

