
some convenient point, and thence by land to join General Dodge's command near Athens, Ala.*

To enable you to fulfill these orders you take passage by regiments and detachments in steamer bound up the Mississippi, and disembark at Cairo. There the guartermaster will be instructed to charter a sufficient number of bats to carry your command at one trip up the Tennessee River, and in selecting boats he will be governed by the stage of water in the Tennessee. If the stage of water be low, you will disembark your command at Savannah and march for Pulaski, and report in advance by courier to General Dodge. But should there be a good stage of water and should Colbert Shoals be passable you may proceed up to Florence and disembark there; but if there be the least doubt on this subject it will be better to land at Savannah or Waterloo, opposite Eastport.

Draw your supplies at Cairo, and so calculate the quantity that your wagons will be able to haul everything belonging to you from the point of disembarkation to Pulaski and Athens. Report by telegraph and mail your progress to my headquarters at Huntsville, Ala.

On arrival at your destination you will assume command of your entire division, subject to the command of General Dodge, till the corps headquarters are removed from Memphis to that army in the field.

Impress on your colonels and subordinate officers the importance of preserving good discipline, cleanliness, and a soldierly appearance on board the boats, at Cairo, and wherever the command may be. Leave no men behind, but reduce your camp and garrison equipage to the smallest limit, as the weather is now moderate and winter past.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 61. Memphis, Tenn., March 15, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, will move the regiments of his division now with him at Memphis by steamers to Cairo, thence by the Tennessee River to Clifton or Carrollville, thence by land to Pulaski, Tenn., or Athens, Ala., reporting to Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps. As soon as his last regiment arrives at Mempis from Vicksburg and proper requisitions, &amp;c., for supplies are signed, General Veatch will personally proceed to Cairo to secure transportation and convoy for his troops. If time will permit without injury to the movement, he will be allowed five days from Cairo to visit his home.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 190.

---------------

