
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Cairo, Ill.:

GENERAL: I am satisfied that Forrest, with about 2,500 men, is in reality seeking to cross the Tennessee, probably at Eastport, where Dodge thinks he has a steam-boat. You should push forward at once, securing convoy and moving your whole force together. Go as high as Eastport if the river permits. If he has crossed before you reach the point on the river where he has crossed, land at Carrollville or Eastport, as you judge best, and follow out your first orders by moving to Pulaski or Athens. If he has not crossed, hold your boats under cover of gun-boats and move from Savannah or Eastport back to the Hatchie, either at Bolivar or Davis' Mills, sending me works if practicable. This will take him in rear if he is in West Tennessee and force him back. He is reported to have six guns. If you can hear nothing of him as you go up the river you will of course proceed on your course, and report to General Dodge.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864-4.15 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

[Paducah, Ky.:]

Notify General Veatch at once that, after being satisfied that Forrest cannot cross the Tennessee and Cumberland, he should push rapidly to Savannah and move to Purdy to cut off Forrest's retreat. If Veatch has gone up the river, send this message after him if possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864-8 p. m.

General VEATCH,

Via Paducah:

Hasten up to Savannah and aim to get to Purdy and the Hatchie before Forrest returns, and so cut off his retreat. Grierson will follow him close.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Commanding officer at Paducah forward this at once.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

ATHENS, March 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding 4th Div., 16th Army Corps, Metropolis, Ill.:

Proceed with your command as directed by General Sherman, and move from whatever point you land as speedily as possible to Decatur, Ala.

You will have to cross the Elk River on bridge at Prospect, Tenn.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

