
[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 6. Williams' Landing, Tenn., March 29, 1864.

The troops of this command will march at 5 a. m. on the 30th instant for Purdy, the First Brigade in advance. Forty rounds of ammunition must bee carried by each man, and 20 rounds per man must be carried to wagons. Three days' rations will be carried in haversacks. Only one wagon and two ambulances per regiment will be allowed. As much forage must be carried as possible with the limited transportation, as the country is supposed to contain but little. The troops must march in readiness for battle, as the enemy may be expected at any moment after leaving our present camp.

By order of Brigadier General James C. Veatch:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]
HEADQUARTERS,Clifton, Tenn., March 31, 1864.

Major OWEN HANEY,

Commanding Detachment Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry:

MAJOR: Your courier reached here a few moments ago. Inclosed you will find copy of a letter I was just sending to Columbia. It will give you all the information I am in possession of. Show it to General Veatch. They pushed the scouts so closely they could not go in the country as far as I desired. Forrest had not passed Jackson when they left the neighborhood of Decaturville. I am told you have not M. Shipman with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MURPHY,

Major Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Clifton, Tenn., March 31, 1864-7 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Columbia, Tenn.:

SIR: I learn from my scouts that Forrest is yet between Jackson and Paducah. He may make a strike at Columbus, or perhaps cross the river between here and Reylondsburg. Five hundred of his men were to be at Jackson last night. The information I have leads me to believe he will try to get in with Morgan in Kentucky, or in the neighborhood of Nashville; at least that is what his officers say.

There is also another rumor of his making another dash on Paducah. My opinion is he will cross to this side and tear up the railroads. Inform commanding officer at Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MURPHY,

Major Fifty Tennessee Cavalry, Commanding Post.

