
[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

NASHVILLE, April 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General VEATCH, At or near Purdy:

(To be sent up Tennessee River by General Brayman on dispatch boat.)

I want you to remain at or near Purdy. Forrest will soon attempt to escape, and I want you to keep your force well in hand, and as he attempts to move south keep him in view. You can surely prevent his carrying off any train or plunder. Major-General Hurlbut, with infantry and cavalry, will come out from Memphis to Bolivar, and will try and communicate with you. I will instruct General Brayman at Cairo also to feel for Forrest out from Columbus. The river will be patrolled by gun-boats. If you fell certain that Forrest has crossed into Tennessee from Kentucky, you can also cross and move toward Pulaski.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

Numbers 20. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, operations April 3-5.

RALEIGH, TENN., April 4, 1864.

COLONEL: Yesterday morning I sent Colonel Waring from this point on the main Somerville road to proceed as far as practicable. I sent Colonel Hurst through Shelby and Wythe Depots to look well to the crossing of the Loosahatchie. One battalion of the Sixth Tennessee was left at this point with Colonel Brumback with orders to scout north on the Covington road.

With Colonel Hepburn's command I proceeded toward Macon via Fisherville. When in the vicinity of Fisherville I received courier from Colonel Waring with word that he was fighting a considerable force between Morning Sun and Leake's. I moved from Fisherville north to the Somerville road at Leake's, hoping to come in on the flank or rear of the enemy. Arriving here we found that Colonel Waring had been briskly engaged, and had dropped back toward Morning Sun. The enemy also had fallen back toward Somerville, leaving a strong picket at Leake's, which my advance charged and drove back on the main force, which was strongly posted behind Spring Creek. From all information the enemy were over 2,000 strong, and the officer in charge of the advance so reported them.

No hearing from Colonel Hurst at this point, and Colonel Waring having dropped back to Morning Sun, I deemed it beast to join him at that point, where I expected to remain for the night, but not finding forage I moved to this place and sent to Memphis for the needful. I shall to-day send out expeditions and watch their movements closely. A picket of 25 men was found at one of the crossings of Loosahatchie.

I inclose Colonel Waring's report.* A most significant fact is that there is no travel upon the roads, nor has there been for three days.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS, A. A. G.

---------------

*See p. 582.

---------------

