
in front of our position. Our flanking parties had discovered a very large supporting force of the enemy. The whole number of rebel troops seen by us could not have been less than 1,500, and was probably 2,000. This seemed to confirm the testimony of the people along the road, and as my instructions were not to bring on a general engagement with a superior force. I did not take the Second New Jersey Cavalry into action, but retired slowly and without confusion, notifying the supporting columns on my flanks of my action. I arrived at this place at 7.30 o'clock this evening, leaving a strong picket at Union Depot.

My loss was 1 man killed and 3 wounded. Both dead and wounded were brought off the field. Captain Wenick, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, is missing; whether he was killed or captured, or whether, as is not unlikely, he made his escape in the woods, I am not able to say.

The troops of my command behaved with coolness and bravery. My thanks are especially due to Lieutenant-Colonel Hess, commanding Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Major Beck, commanding detachment Seventh Indiana Cavalry, for the skill and judgment with which they conducted the skirmish.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

It is believed that we killed 6 of the enemy on the ground.

WARING,

Colonel.

Numbers 22. Reports of Major John C. Febles, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, of operations March 28-30 and April 9.
HDQRS. SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Grierson, Tenn., March 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the scouting party sent under my command on Monday night, the 28th instant:

I left Camp Grierson on Monday night with 100 men, and proceeded rapidly to Coldwater River, Miss., crossed it at Pounder's Ford, and arrived at Cockrum's Cross-Roads at 11 o'clock of the same day, a distance of about 40 miles.

At Pounder's Ferry was had a little skirmish with a small party of rebels, and we captured 2 of them. From these prisoners and other sources I learned that McCulloch and Richardson's forces, under General Chalmers, encamped on Sunday night at Tyro, Miss.; that five days' rations were cooked and the train sent back, and that on Monday he moved up to Tallaloosa and Tuesday passed through Holly Springs about noon, en route for Tennessee; that he would probably cross his force at Bolivar to-morrow, the 31st. From Cockrum's we proceeded toward Holly Springs until we came within about 12 or 15 miles of that place. We had several skirmishers with scouting parties from General Chalmers' command.

