
We charged forces of the enemy, as large as 30 in number. We captured 5 prisoners, 3 horses, and 6 mules. We lost no men, nor had we any wounded. We lost 1 horse, tired out.

The enemy being so near in force we thought it not safe to move forward any farther, nor did we consider it safe to go into camp. Our horses being considerable fatigued, having traveled about 50 miles without any rest only long enough to feed, and having ascertained all we could in regard to the movements of the enemy, we turned back at about 5 o'clock and reached this camp by nearly the same route we went at 1 p. m. to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. FEBLES,

Major, in Command of Expedition.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Near Memphis, April 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the result of the scout under my command to-day:

I was ordered by you to leave this camp with a force of 100 men at 3.30 o'clock this morning, but on account of the tardiness of the detail from the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which made a part of the force, I was unable to leave camp until about 4.30 o'clock. I proceeded to Wolf River ont he Randolph road, crossed my command on the ferry, and sent, as per order, 25 men, under command of Captain Roberts, on the Randolph road to the Loosahatchie River with instructions to cross the river, if possible, and advance ont he other side about 2 miles and return.

With the remaining 75 men I proceeded toward Raleigh, a distance of 9 miles from the ferry. Four miles on this side of Raleigh my command was fired into by a squad of 15 or 20 rebels, upon which we charged, mortally wounding 1, and in a very effective way dispersing the others. About 2 miles farther we were fired into again by 3 men, who I suppose were standing picket. We returned the fire, and they ran into the woods. Here I learned from a citizen who had just come from Raleigh that there were about 100 rebels in the town. I moved my command rapidly on, and about three-fourths of a mile from town I ordered a charge into the place in order, if possible, to surprise the enemy and capture a portion of them. Upon arriving at Raleigh I soon learned that the enemy had all left about half an hour before our arrival except 10, who seemed to be moving out as rear guard to the command. We fired upon them, and captured 2, one, I think, a lieutenant. We learned here that there was a force of about 500 at Union Depot, about 3 miles from Raleigh. We had 1 horse killed at this place. We also killed 1 of the enemy's horses and captured another.

I learned, but perhaps not reliably, that Colonel Barteau was in command at Union Depot. I also learned that Major McDonald had a force of about 200, about 3 miles northwest of Raleigh. There is, I am convinced, no large force anywhere near Raleigh. I remained about half an hour in the place, and then returned to the ferry on Wolf River and waited for the return of Captain Roberts from the Loosahatchie River. The captain soon returned, and reported that

