
he had crossed the ferry at the above-named river and proceeded several miles on the other side; that he saw no enemy at all. I then recrossed the Wolf River, and arrived in camp about 1 p. m.

The road to Raleigh on which I went is small, and almost entirely through the woods; some swampy.

No casualties in my command except as above mentioned.

I am, colonel, yours, most obediently,

JOHN C. FEBLES,

Major Seventh Indiana Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 23. Report of Major P. Jones Yorke, Second New Jersey Cavalry, of skirmish near Bolivar.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, CAVALRY DIVISION, 16TH CORPS,Camp Grierson, near Memphis, March 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I inclose two reports* received this day from scouting parties from my command.

I respectfully call attention to the fact that the cavalry which repulsed Colonel Hurst must be a force which we have not taken into consideration, as it seems not to have been McCulloch's, and could not have been Forrest's.

I have every road near me picketed at a distance of from 2 to 3 1/2 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

This cavalry is Neely's, late Richardson's, command.

S. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Raleigh, Tenn., March 30, 1864-12 m.

Colonel Hurst, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, was attacked and whipped yesterday between Somerville and Bolivar by a brigade of the enemy's cavalry. He lost all his trains, Captain Moore killed, the surgeon captured, and a great many men killed, wounded, and missing. As it was reported by a prisoner I captured yesterday afternoon near Somerville that a force under General Chalmers from La Grange was advancing toward this river, I throughout it best to fall back and hold the ferries at Shelby and this point.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JONES YORKE,

Major, Commanding Department.

Colonel G. E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Febles', p. 583, and Yorke's.

---------------

