
I am just informed that a force of 1,400 rebel cavalry left Jonesville for Mulberry Gap immediately after Major Beeres surrendered, and I fear the gap has been taken with the garrison of the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel, Commanding Forces at Cumberland Gap and Tazewell.

Colonel BOWMAN,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding Confederate forces in East Tennessee.

RUSSELLVILLE, January 9, 1864.

A portion of our cavalry, under Brigadier General W. E. Jones, attacked on the 3rd instant a force of 300 of the enemy near Jonesville, and killed and wounded and captured the whole of it, with 3 pieces of artillery and 20 wagons and teams.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JONES' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Jonesville, Va., January 7, 1864.

COLONEL: Preparatory to executing the design imparted in your confidential note of the 28th ultimo,* I moved my command across Clinch River on the 2nd instant. Soon after going into camp information reached me that the enemy had driven Lieutenant-Colonel Pridemore, through this place, and was still going east. I at once determined to cross Powell's Mountain that night to attack him in rear, and ordered Colonel Pridemore to attack in front as soon as he found me engaged. The weather was intensely cold. Many of my men could not be started from their camps. Every halt of a few moments fires were started, and probably more than half of those who did leave were far in rear before daylight. The road was rough and in many places almost impassable from ice, but onward we went with all that could or would go. One man was frozen to death and many were badly frost-bitten.

Arriving at daylight in the vicinity of the enemy, well night conquered by the hampshire encountered by my poorly clad and shod men, I had the satisfaction to find we were unexpected guests. No pickets were on the road we came. We were charging their camp before they were aware of our presence. They flew to their arms and fought manfully. Our leading company succeeded in capturing their artillery, but was not supported quickly enough to avoid losing it again. The enemy falling back took shelter in a farm-house and outbuildings, placing his artillery so advantageously as to make

---------------

*See Vol. XXXI, Part III, p. 875.

---------------

