
doubted whether General Forrest was present, and had the impression that it was a ruse to induce the surrender of the fort. At the second meeting of the flag of truce General Forrest announced himself as being General Forrest, but the officers who accompanied the flag, being unacquainted with the general, doubted his word, and it was the opinion of the garrison at the time of the assault that General Forrest was not in the vicinity of the fort. The commanding officer refused to surrender. When the final assault was made I was captured at my post inside the works, and have been treated as a prisoner of war.

JOHN T. YOUNG,

Captain, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]

CAHABA, ALA.,

May 19, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your request, made though Judge P. T. Scruggs, that I should make a statement as to the treatment of Federal dead and wounded at Fort Pillow, has been made known to me. Details from Federal prisoners were made to collect the dead and wounded. The dead were buried by their surviving comrades. I saw no ill-treatment of the wounded on the evening of the battle, or next morning. My friend, Lieutenant Leaming, adjutant Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, was left under the sutler's store [near the fort*]; also a lieutenant of Sixth U. S. Artillery; both were alive next morning and sent on board U. S. transport, among many other wounded. Among the wounded were some colored troops. I do not know how many.

I have examined a report said to be made by Captain Anderson, aide-de-camp to Major-General Forrest, appendix to General Forrest's report, in regard to making disposition of Federal wounded left on the field at Fort Pillow, and think it is correct. I accompanied Captain Anderson on the day succeeding the battle to Fort Pillow, for the purpose above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. YOUNG,

Captain, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 4.]

EXTRACT FROM CAPTAIN ANDERSON'S REPORT.

It is useless to go into minute details as to the movements of your troops, position, &amp;c., prior to the final assault. It is only necessary to say that after skirmishing and fighting from early morning until 1 o'clock, the enemy was driven from all his positions to the main fortifications erected on the bluff of the river. On the declining ground from the fort to a ravine, which nearly encircles the fort, our lines were formed extending from Coal Creek on the right tot he landing on back of the Mississippi River on the left, varying in distance from 50 to 150 yards of the works. Thee width or thickness of the works across the top

prevented the garrison from firing down on

---------------

*According to Lee's copy. See p. 606.

---------------

