
Numbers 25. Reports of Lieutenant General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, of the capture of Fort Pillow, etc.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., May 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith, by Colonel T. W. White, Ninth Mississippi Regiment, 1 flag captured from the enemy at Union City, Tenn., and 4 garrison flags and 8 guidons captured at Fort Pillow, Tenn., all by Major General N. B. Forrest's cavalry command in April last.

It would be superfluous for me to advert to the shill and gallantry displayed by Major General N. B. Forrest and the officers and men under his command in the engagements above referred to, in which such a handsome addition has been made to the trophies we have wrested from the enemy. Few cavalry raids have been productive of such brilliant results to our arms or of such disastrous discomfiture to the enemy as that which has rendered famous the expedition whence General Forrest's command has just returned. I will directed that Union City and Fort Pillow be inscribed on the colors of those organizations which distinguished themselves in these engagements.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp., General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., June 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit copies of correspondence between General Wahsburn, U. S. Army, General Forrest, and myself, which I considered very important and should be laid before the Department.* It will be my endeavor to avoid, as far as is consistent with my idea of the dignity of my position, resorting to such an extremity as the black flag, and the onus shall be with the Federal commander. I would like that the onus be put where it properly belongs-before the publish-should the extremity arise. The correspondence is not complete yet, and the Department will be informed of the result at the earliest practicable moment.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 28, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President, who will probably be interested to see the grounds taken by our officers concerning the affair at Fort Pillow and the treatment of negro troops.

---------------

*Inclosures omitted. See Washburn to Townsend, June 20 and July 6, 1864, pp. 586, 590.

---------------

