
The implied admissions of the Federal generals are infamous, and are properly exposed, especially in General Forrest's second letter, which, though neither elegant nor strictly grammatical, is better, being very much to the point and in the true spirit. The correspondence on the part of our officers meets my approval, and, I trust, with yours.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 30, 1864.

Returned to the Secretary of War.

The tone of the correspondence on the part of our officersf is approved. Much misrepresentation of events connected with the capture of Fort Pillow has been thrown upon the world in the form of a report of a select committee of the two houses of the United States Congress. It is due to our Government that the truth should be sent out to correct the false impression extensively created. It might be well to have at least a part of these communications published, but they are susceptible of many useful additions to the testimony they contain. You will observe frequent and obvious errors, probably due to the copyists; the sense, however, is perceptible.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

Numbers 26. Reports of Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry.

DRESDEN, TENN.,

March 27, 1864.

GENERAL: Left Jackson on the 23rd. Captured Union City on the 24th, with 450 prisoners, among them the renegade Hawkings and most of his regiment, about 200 horses, and 500 small-arms; also took possession of Hickman, the enemy having passed it. I moved now with Buford's division direct from Jackson to Paducah in fifty hours; attacked it on the evening of the 26th; drove the enemy to their gun-boats and forts; held the town for ten hours, and could have held it longer, but found the small-pox was raging and evacuated the place. Captured many stores and horses, burned up sixty bales of cotton, one steamer and the dry-dock, bringing out 50 prisoners.

My loss at Union City and Paducah, as far as known, is 25 killed and wounded, among them Colonel Thompson, commanding Kentucky brigade, killed; Lieutenant-Colonel Lannom, Faulkner's regiment, mortally wounded, and Colonel Crossland, of the Seventh Kentucky, and Lieutenant-Colonel Morton, of the Second Tennessee, slightly wounded.

Enemy's loss in Paducah 50 killed, wounded, and prisoners; in all, 500.

Have dispatched Gholson, at Tupelo, to meet prisoners at Corinth and take them to you.

I hold possession of all this country except posts on the river. Think if I can remain unmolested here fifteen days I will be able to add 2,000 men to my command.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General POLK, Demopolis.

