
about 500 yards from their camp. I was prevented from following up and supporting Captain Everett as it should have been done in consequence of a bad place in the road, through which the men were compelled to ride by file. When I reached the point at which we entered the camp I could not ascertain where Captain Everett was, and supposing the whole force of the enemy to be in the camp I dismounted my men as quickly as possible and went to the relief of the company then engaged.

In the mean time Captain Everett had taken possession of the artillery, held it a few minutes, and had been driven back by overwhelming numbers. My men, aided by a portion of the Twenty-seventh Virginia Battalion, drove the enemy's advance in a few minutes from their positions behind trees, rocks, &amp;c., in the camp, when they fled in confusion back to where their main force had taken position in and around Milburn's house. I then reformed the six companies and advanced through the field under fire from the artillery to a fence about 400 yards from their position. Here I halted and kept up a heavy fire from a few minutes, when I received an order from General Jones to move my command to the hill on the left and take possession of Milburn's house if possible. I then left two companies to guard the road, and took the other four with me to the top of the hill. Here I found a portion of the enemy's force, and after collecting all the men I could from other commands we drove them from the woods through the corn-field and down the hill into Millburn's house and outhouses. As soon as I cam in full view of their position and numbers I saw that it would be folly to attempt to take the house, as I saw more men enter it and the outhouses than I had with me to make the attack. I then withdrew into the woods again to await further orders. The enemy made several attempts to regain the woods, but failed in all.

About 3 p.m. I received an order from General Jones to send a portion of my command across to the road leading to Crank's Gap. I sent three companies under Captain Rocke to that road, and went myself to bring up the two companies that were left on the road. Before I could return an advance was made by the whole command and the enemy surrendered unconditionally.

The loss in the regiment was-Lieutenant A. H. Samuels and 4 enlisted men killed and 7 wounded.

Both officers and men behaved as well as could be expected under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. M. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain John B. Thompson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Official report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Virginia Battalion of Cavalry in the engagement at Jonesville, Lee County, Va., on January 3, 1864:

LIEUTENANT: On arriving within half a mile of the enemy's camp on the morning of January 3 I was directed by General W. E. J ones,

