
of the conduct of the officers and men of his command for their gallantry and courage in assaulting and carrying the enemy's work without the assistance of artillery or bayonets.

To my staff, as heretofore, my acknowledge are dire for their prompt and faithful delivery of all orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General.

These papers were found among papers of Lieutenant-General Polk and forwarded by his aide, Lieutenant Gale.

By order of President:

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President, who will not be surprised to see the groundlessness of the misrepresentations so industriously circulated by our unscrupulous enemies respecting the merciless conduct of our troops on that occasion.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

It would be well to have the report and accompanying papers published in refutation of the slanders which have been promulgated by the Government of the enemy in relation to the conduct of our gallant and humane soldiers. Instead of cruelty, General Forrest, it appears, exhibited forbearance and clemency far exceeding the usage of war under like circumstances.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 16, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Demopolis, Ala.:

GENERAL: So much has been said by the Northern press in regard to the engagement at Fort Pillow that, at the suggestion of Colonel Brent and others, I have send Judge Scruggs down for the purpose of conversing with, and procuring the statements of, Captain Young and other Federal officers in regard to the matter. They are survivors of the so-called massacre, and Captain Young, who received

