
and delivered the correspondence to the demand for surrender, was also with my aide-de-camp, Captain Anderson, with flag of truce on the day succeeding the capture in delivering the wounded on board the U. S. vessels. I respectfully suggest, therefore, that you furnish Judge Scruggs with such papers as will enable him to make the examination desired, as it may prove important; and inasmuch as the investigating committee appointed by the Federal President have reported, a communication to Confederate authority may be made on the subject, and it is due to my command to place at the command of the War Department all the facts in the premises.

I am, general, very respectfully &amp;c., your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, June 24, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Department, Meridian:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose you copy of letter addressed to Major-General Washburn; also his letter addressed to you or the commanding officer Confederate forces near Tupelo.* I have not in any wise compromised you, and leave the answer to General Washburn to yourself, provided you deem it necessary or advisable to communicate with him further. I deemed it due myself and command to say what I have said to him, but did not think it proper to make any communication over your signature.

I also have the honor to inclose you statements of Captain Young, who was captured at Fort Pillow, and you can make such use of them as you may deem necessary.+ As my official reports are in the hands of the Department at Richmond I did not, nor do I, consider that I have any defense to make, or attempt any refutations of the charges made by General Washburn. The character and tenor of his letter is also os outrageously insulting that but for its importance to my men-not myself-I should not have replied to it at all.

I shall forward you to-morrow a statement of the capture of Fort Pillow, by giving you a copy# of communication asked for unofficially by Colonel Brent, assistant adjutant-general, and made by my aide-de-camp, Captain C. W. Anderson.

I have taken pains, also, in my official report made to Lieutenant-General Polk, to place all the facts in the possession of the Government in order that they might meet any demands made by Federal authority.

Should you, however, think proper to place in the hands of General Washburn the papers sent you upon this subject, you are, of course, at liberty to use them. As for myself, entirely conscious of right, I have no explanations, apologies, or disavowals to make to General Washburn, nor to any one else but my Government, through my superior officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 586, 587.

---------------

+See p. 594, 595.

#See p. 595.

