
DEMOPOLIS, April 24, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

Via Tupelo:

Your brilliant campaign in West Tennessee has given me great satisfaction, and entitles you to the thanks of your countrymen. Appropriate orders in writing will be transmitted you immediately. A movement of the enemy up the Yazoo has made it necessary that a division of your troops should move to meet it. I have ordered the brigade with General Chalmers and another from Okolona to move promptly so as to unite and give to General Adams the support he needs. I have also ordered Morton's battery to join them.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to Major General N. B. Forrest and the officers and men of his command, for their campaign in Mississippi, West Tennessee, and Kentucky.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America,

That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby cordially tendered, to Major General N. B. Forrest, and the officers and men of his command, for their late brilliant and successful campaign in Mississippi, West Tennessee, and Kentucky-a campaign which has conferred upon its authors fame as enduring as the records of the struggle which they have so brilliantly illustrated.

Approved, May 23, 1864.

Numbers 27. Report of Captain John Goodwin, Provost-Marshal-General.

OKOLONA, MISS.,

April 21, 1864.

I accompany herewith lost of prisoners captured by Major-General Forrest at Fort Pillow, as also one containing the names and owners and residences of the negroes captured at same place. Also is embraced a list of prisoners brought down from Jackson, Tenn., land no specific charges accompanying them; they will doubtless be sent in due time. F. P. Thomas is mentioned as a very bad man, he being among the number.

Also four stand of colors captured at Fort Pillow and one at another point. General Forrest wishes particular mention made of the large flag captured by Colonel Bell's brigade at Fort Pillow.

Yours, very respectfully,

JNO. GOODWIN,

Provost-Marshal-General, General Forrest's Cav. Dept.

Lieutenant-Colonel JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.

