
commanding, to move my battalion, already in column of fours, to the main Cumberland Gap road, a short distance north of its then present position, and upon reaching that road to charge the enemy's camp in concert with two companies of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry, who would upon the river road. On arriving upon eminence above Wynn's house, a short distance west of the enemy's camp, I became aware that I was ahead of the two companies of the Eighth; but satisfied that my approach had been perceived by parties of the enemy who ran out of Wynn's house in the direction of their camp, I determined to charge the enemy before they could be aroused in their camp and get to their arms. This I did successfully, capturing quite all the force stationed on the Cumberland Gap road, amounting to 55.

In the loss I sustained a loss of 4 men severely wounded. The enemy's loss was 3 killed on the field and 6 wounded.

After the capture of this force I dismounted my men, and leaving a detachment sufficient to guard the prisoners I moved rapidly with the remainder of my battalion within a short distance of the junction of the Cumberland Gap and river road, below or west of Milburn's house, into which and the outhouses a large body of the enemy had taken refuge. Here I took position and awaited the arrival of the rest of the troops. Shortly thereafter I moved my command to an eminence on the left or north of the road, the enemy in the mean time having taken position upon a second eminence in my front, also to the left or north of the road. This position I occupied until a general advance was ordered. I then moved directly upon the enemy, who at once opened fire and kept it up until my line was near them. Upon perceiving that they were completely invested by the lines of other commands of the brigade, which were, like with my own, advanced within a short distance of their position, they surrendered about 3 p.m.

My loss in this advance was none killed and none wounded.

My men and officers acted well throughout the engagement.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.

Lieutenant W. M. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Jones' Brigade.

Numbers 7. Report of Major James R. Claiborne, Thirty-seventh Virginia Cavalry Battalion.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH VIRGINIA BATTALION CAV.,Ball's Bridge, Lee County, Va., March 8, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders just received calling for my official report of the engagement at Jonesville, Va., on the 3rd day of January, 1864, and at Gibson's Mill*, on February 22, 1864, I h ave the honor to submit the following:

On the evening of January 1, in obedience to orders, I withdrew my pickets from near Mooresburg, on the Rogersville and Knoxville

---------------

*See p. 411.

---------------

