
and 40 negroes were taken prisoners, making an aggregate of 273 prisoners. It is probable as many as half a dozen may have escaped. The remained of the garrison were killed.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the troops under my command. Colonels McCulloch and Bell deserve especial mention for the gallantry with which they led their respective brigades, and the troops emulated the conduct of their leaders. Lieutenant-Colonel Reed, temporarily commanding the Fifth Mississippi Cavalry, was pre-eminently daring, and fell mortally wounded while standing on the rifle-pits and encouraging his men to the charge, and Lieutenant Burton was killed at his side. Lieutenant Ryan, of Willis' Texas Battalion; who had won for himself the character of being the best soldier in his regiment, was killed by a shell, and Captain Sullivan, commanding the same battalion, was mortally wounded while most gallantly leading his command. Lieutenant Hubbard, of the Eighteenth Mississippi Battalion, a young but promising officer, was also mortally wounded and his since died.

I cannot conclude this report without mentioning in an especial manner the gallant conduct of Captain C. T. Smith, commanding my escort company, who led the charge as we moved from the first to the second fort, or without paying a tribute to Private Samuel Allen, of my escort, who was killed in the charge.

I have already furnished a detailed report of the killed and wounded of my command, amounting to 14 killed and 86 wounded. A report of captured property has been called for from the two brigades, and will be forwarded as soon as received.

I herewith submit reports of subordinate commanders.*

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAV. DEPT.,Oxford, Miss., April 20, 1864.

SOLDIERS: I congratulate you upon your success in the brilliant campaign recently conducted in West Tennessee under the guidance of Major-General Forrest, whose star never shone brighter, and whose restless activity, untiring energy, and courage baffled the calculations and paralyzed the arms of our enemies.

In a brief space of time we have killed 4,000 of the enemy, captured over 1,200 prisoners, 800 horses, 5 pieces of artillery, thousands of small-arms, and many stand of colors, destroyed illinois of dollar's worth of property, and relieved the patriots of West Tennessee from the hourly dread in which they have been accustomed to live. West Tennessee is redeemed, and or friends who have heretofore been compelled to speak with bated breath now boldly proclaim their sentiments.

It is with pride and pleasure that I review the part taken by the soldiers of this division in this decisive campaign.

Colonel Duckworeth, of the Seventh Tennessee, by a successful ruse at Union City made the enemy believe that Major-General For-

---------------

*Reports not found.

---------------

