
rest was present, and compelled the surrender of the place by Hawkins and his regiment of renegade Tennesseans, with all their arms, horses, and equipments.

Colonel Neely, of the Thirteenth Tennessee, met the traitor Hurst at Bolivar, and after a short conflict, in which we killed and captured 75 prisoners of the enemy, drove Hurst hatless into Memphis, leaving in our hands all his wagons, ambulances, papers, and his mistresses, both black and white.

The once arrogant Grierson, who has never recovered his equanimity since his flight from Okolona, ventured out with two brigades to look after us, when Lieutenant-Colonel Crews, with his dashing battalion, defeated his advance guard, and sent him hurriedly back to Memphis, where he remained trembling behind his fortifications and frightened at every mention of the name of Forrest.

Colonel Neely on the north and Colonel McGuirk on the south, by well-executed demonstrations, alarmed the enemy for the safety of Memphis, while the lion-hearted McCulloch, with his "fighting brigade" of Missourians, Texans, and Mississippians, nobley assisted by Colonel Bell, with his gallant brigade of Tennesseeans, from Buford's division, temporarily attached to my command, stormed the works at Fort Pillow, in the face of the incessant fire from two gun-boats and five pieces of artillery from the fort, and taught the mongrel garrison of blacks and renegades a lesson long to be remembered.

While we rejoice over our victories, let us not forget the few gallant spirits who yielded up their lives to their country, and fell as brave men love to fall, "with their backs to the field and their feet to the foe."

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARCH 18, 1864.-Scout from Island Numbers 10, Tenn., to New Madrid, Mo.

Report of Captain Robert M. Ekings, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Island 10, Tenn., March 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from district headquarters, bearing date March 11, 1864, on the evening of the 18th instant I embarked on the steamer John Rowe, and crossing the river landed on the Tennessee shore, opposite the island, 60 colored troops, under the command of Captain J. B. Rogers, Company C, Seventh Louisiana Infantry, of African descent, with orders to scour the country between Island 10 and Tiptonville. With the remainder of my force, 40 men of Company C, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry, I proceeded to New Madrid, Mo., where I was re-enforced by 30 infantry of the Second Missouri Heavy Artillery, and 20 men of the First Missouri Cavalry ordered to join me, at my request, by Major Rabb, commanding that post.

I disembarked at Riley's Landing, 7 miles below Tiptonville, and commenced a northward march, carefully examining the country as I advanced. I could discover no guerrillas, with one exception. A certain Obadiah Green, a brother-in-law of the guerrilla leader Brad-

