
ford, was captured by us at Bradford's house. We reached the island about sunset on the 19th instant. From the best information I could obtain I should be inclined to the opinion that the guerrillas under Parks and Bradford had left Madrid Bend about a week previous to the scout under my command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. EKINGS,

Captain Co. C, 34th New Jersey Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 19, 1864.-Skirmish on the Cumberland River, Ky.,

Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southern Central Kentucky.
HDQRS. DIST. SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Cave City, Ky., March 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, 19th, a detachment Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Major Rigney, had a light engagement with Hamilton on the Cumberland River, in which we lost none and captured Hamilton with 11 of his men, killed 3 wounded 2; no loss on our side.

I forward under charge of Captain H. D. Baker all the prisoners mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 21, 1864.-Skirmish at Reynoldsburg, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Isaac R. Hawkins, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry.

UNION CITY, TENN.,

March 22, 1864.

GENERAL: A detachment of 10 men belonging to Major Hardy's command, stationed at Reynoldsburg, Tenn., has just arrived, who state that on the 20th they left the major there with 50 men; that at 11 a. m. the 21st a detachment of 20 men were attacked by from 100 to 150 Confederates, and are probably all captured. That about 100 men of the battalion are somewhere south of Huntington; that there are only about 100 men in camp and a large amount of public stores there. I am apprehensive for the fate of the major. The fight occurred 65 miles from this place.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo.

