
MARCH 21, 1864.-Skirmish near Moulton, Ala.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel William A. Johnson, Fourth Alabama Cavalry, commanding Cavalry, District of North Alabama.

Numbers 3.-Colonel James Jackson, Twenty-seventh Alabama Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

ATHENS, ALA.,

March 21, 1864.

Colonel Phillips has just got in. Struck the enemy 3 miles south of Moulton, two regiments of infantry and 1,000 cavalry; after a sharp fight fell back; rebels followed for 14 miles. We lost 4 killed and 10 wounded. We killed and wounded a number of the enemy, and brought in a number of prisoners, among them a captain of artillery belonging to Forrest. Colonel Phillips says part of Forrest's command is between Tuscumbia and Eastport, and some report he intends an attack on Decatur; some that he intends crossing the river. A scout in from Gadsden says a General Clanton is near there with two brigades of cavalry and fifteen pieces of artillery; that Roddey has been ordered into North Alabama. Also scout in from Columbus says Lee, Forrest, and Jackson are all ordered up toward Tennessee River, but only know of Forrest passing up.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS,

March 21, 1864.

Phillips struck enemy 3 miles south of Moulton, two regiments infantry, three regiments cavalry. Reports Forrest in Tuscumbia Valley. Captured some of his officers. Scout from Gadsden reports Brigadier-General Clanton near there with two brigades, fifteen pieces of artillery; also that Roddy was ordered to North Alabama. Scout from Columbus reports Forrest, Lee, and Jackson order up to Tennessee River. Knows only of Forrest going; hard to tell what Forrest intends; looks as though he means to cross between Eastport and Tuscumbia, or he may only threaten this way while he pushes toward Paducah. No doubt about his being on the river.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General LOGAN,

Huntsville.

---------------

*See also General Thomas' report, p. 16.

---------------

40 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

