
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William A. Johnson, Fourth Alabama Cavalry, commanding Cavalry, District of North Alabama.

CAMP NEAR MOULTON, ALA.,

March 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just received a dispatch from General Forrest placing me temporarily in command of the cavalry in this district. I have now under me about 400 mounted men for duty. A brigade of the enemy (infantry) and two regiments of cavalry are at Decatur. The infantry are fortifying and the cavalry are scouring the country. They have a pontoon bridge across the river at Decatur, and General Dodge's division is in the vicinity.

I me one of his mounted regiments, 500 strong, on the 21st instant near this place, with 200 men, routing him completely and chasing him 10 miles, killing 10 and wounding about 40, and capturing 8.

The Twenty-seventh and Thirty-fifth Alabama Regiments (infantry) of your command, under Colonels Jackson and Ives, are in this vicinity, having come up for the purpose of recruiting, but have determined to fall back to Smithville, Miss., on account of the proximity of the enemy. If they were retained here they could be mound temporarily and serve a twofold purpose, viz, that of recruiting and operating against the enemy. I most respectfully request that they be ordered to remain in this district.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, District of North Alabama.

Captain BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel James Jackson, Twenty-seventh Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Russellville, Ala., March 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 62, I started to North Alabama with my command. Seventy miles above Tuscaloosa I received an official dispatch from Colonel Moreland that 6,000 Federals had crossed at Decatur; 3,000 more were crossing at Florence. I fell back 10 miles to where forage could be procured, and sent officers forward to ascertain the enemy's intentions. They reported only 700 cavalry outside of Decatur. I then moved the command up to Mount Hope, 32 miles west of Decatur. to procure supplies. Ascertaining the enemy's force to be about 2,500 infantry and 700 cavalry, and our cavalry having left the valley, I determined to fall back to Smithville for safety. At

