
Bear Creek I received an order from General Forrest to get all the cavalry and, with the regiments of infantry under my command, drive the enemy from the valley.

On the 21st, met the enemy near Moulton, about 200 strong, and drove them into Decatur, killing 7 or 8, wounding several, and capturing 3.

Our loss, 1 killed, 1 badly and several slightly wounded.

Our cavalry, under Colonel Johnson, about 300 strong, were engaged. The infantry were not able to get up. Being satisfied we could accomplish nothing more I fell back to this place, and am now giving the men short furloughs to visit their homes and think they will bring in several men on their return. There are a large number of men in the country, and should the enemy recross the river I am satisfied I will be able to fill up the regiment very rapidly.

Very respectfully,

JAMES JACKSON,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment.

Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 22, 1864.-Skirmish at Langley's Plantation, Issaquena County, Miss.

Report of Major William S. Aken, Fifty-first U. S. Colored Infantry.

CAMP FIFTY-FIRST Regiment U. S. INFANTRY (COLORED),

Goodrich's Landing, La., March 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition sent out under my command from this point on the 22nd instant:

I embarked with three companies of the Fifty-first U. S. Infantry (colored), and one company of the Sixty-sixth U. S. Infantry (colored), at about 4 p. m. on that day, on board a tug lying at this place, with instructions from Colonel Frohock to attempt the capture of a party of guerrillas said to be raiding the plantations on the Mississippi side of the river, 5 miles below this point. Immediately upon debarking I marched into the country back of the river 2 1/2 miles to Dr. Langley's plantation, where I expected to find the enemy, arriving there about 6 p. m.

While on the march, about dusk, I discovered a force coming toward me on the road, and I immediately threw my men in ambush behind a house and back of the levee, and awaited their approach. The enemy had a few men in advance, with the main force in the rear, driving between 40 and 50 mules and a wagon loaded with provisions and stores, just captured from a plantation leased by Slater and Perkins. As they came in front my men fired and killed the man in advance, who appeared to be an officer, and also a negro guide, and wounded 4 or 5 others. The remainder wheeled and broke in confusion, retreating into the woods.

Owing to the hastiness of one of my men in firing before ordered, the surprise was not as complete as could have been wished. I captured all the mules and provisions, which I returned to the

