
no further disturbance. The strength of the Fifty-fourth [Illinois] is not known here, as it has lately been recruited, but it is not less than 500. There is no further information from Moultier County. I think now that the Fifty-fourth will be able to maintain peace.

J. WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General of Illinois.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., March 29, 1864.

There has been a serious disturbance at Charleston, Ill. Captain Montgomery, an experienced officer whom I sent to that place last night, reports as follows:

MATTOON, March 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Superintendent Volunteer Recruiting Service:

The disturbance at Charleston was quite serious; 6 killed and 20 wounded. It is now quiet. I do not think you need come. I go to Charleston this morning. Will report further from there.

D. L. MONTGOMERY,

Seventeenth Infantry, Mustering and Disbursing Officer.

I will keep you fully informed in case of first outbreak.

JAS. OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel and Act. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General of Ill.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding.

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Springfield, Ill., April 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that information of this disturbances in Charleston, Coles County, Ill., on the 28th of March last, reached me on the afternoon of the same day.

Captain Montgomery, U. S. Army, being about to proceed to Mattoon on mustering duty, I directed him to repair to the scene of the outbreak, ascertain the posture of affairs, and telegraph me if my presence was deemed necessary.

About 8.30 p. m. the next day I received a dispatch from Captain Montgomery requesting me to come down without delay, and left by the next train for Mattoon, where I arrived on the morning of the 30th. Finding the town in a state of great excitement from rumors, apparently entitled to credit, that the insurgents meditated an attack in force to rescue the prisoners which has been sent up from Charleston, I deemed it prudent to order forward the Forty-first Regiment, Colonel Pugh commanding, from Springfield.

Taking a fregit train I them proceeded to Charleston. Colonel Mitchell, fo the Fifty-fourth Infantry, was absent with a mounted detachment of his regiment in search of the insurgents, who had left the town and were reported to be collecting in large bodies in various directions in the surrounding country.

In the afternoon (30th) I received a dispatch from Colonel True, Sixty-second Illinois, on recruiting duty at Mattoon and command-

