
testify that they saw him around and in company with O'Hair and his sons, and that he assisted them in taking prisoner one Freesner, the soldier mentioned as having been captured. One of these witnesses states that Thornhill would have shot Freesner if his companions had not prevented him. Lewis Hevell states that on the evening of the 28th Thornhill told him that he was present at the assault and that he shot Jeffries (a soldier), and saw him fall. Richard Stoddard testifies that he saw him counseling with the leading rioters just before the firing; and B. F. Wells and W. T. Wells, represent that they were present at a copperhead drill in June, 1863, at which Thornhill made a speech in which he counseled resisting the draft "to the death," and made use of highly disloyal and treasonable language. He is spoken of as the "lieutenant-colonel" of the "Copperhead regiment."

George J. Collins, commonly called "Jeff Collins."-No evidence whatever is submitted in behalf of this man. Several witnesses, V. K. Curg, J. A. West, D. P. Morris, and A. N. Graham saw him present at the assault with the other rioters. West testifies that he saw him armed and apparently in the act of shooting at the soldiers. Morris saw him strike a soldier with a club. Graham saw him throwing brickbats. Upon his arrest he admitted to the officer making the arrest, as well as to Colonel Mitchell, that he threw brickbats. In the riot he was slightly wounded.

John F. Redomon.-In the defense of this party is introduced the testimony of his brother and two of his friends, who state that they all came into Charleston together on the day in question and returned together to their homes at night. Two of these state that Redmon was sitting with them in the court-room before the riot, and that he went out a little before the firing commenced. These witnesses admit that he was armed and they were also armed with pistols. Other witnesses say that they saw him running into the court-house, as if for refuge, a very short time after the commencement of the firing, and that he remained there during the firing. Between this time, however, and that of his first leaving the court-house he is not accounted for. On the other hand, it is testified by William Ricketts, John W. Reat, J. E. Taylor, George McNutt, William A. Besleton, Felix Sanders, Robert Kimball, and Samuel Bowser that they saw him present at the firing, and McNutt, Basleton, and Bowser state that they saw him in the act of shooting at the soldiers. Basleton adds that a soldier who was fired at by Redmon appeared to be hit, whereupon the latter exclaimed, "By God, I got him." Bowser says that after seeing him shoot with a pistol he saw him go to a wagon and take out a gun and shoot with that. Sanders also saw him take the gun from the wagon and load it.

G. W. Reardon, commonly called "Wash. Reardon," and B. F. Reardon.-No affidavits are presented in behalf of either of these prisoners. The testimony of Colonel Michell, George Ross (a soldier), James B. Campbell, Charles Fleming, James F. Feeney, and Samuel Bowser is tot he effect that both were present and actively engaged in the firing. The former was seen by Bowser to shoot "several times" at soldiers. Fleming says that he had a soldier's coat on, and that one of the Reardons shot at him "five times." It is fully established that one of them was one of the assailants of Colonel Mitchell, and that the same one attempted to shoot Ross when he came to the colonel's assistance. The weight of the evidence is that this one was G. W. Reardon, but Ross swears that it was the other.

