
Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Auburn L. Pridemore, Sixty-fourth Virginia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY,January 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of January 3, 1864, I received an order from Brigadier General W. E. Jones to press the enemy on the north of the road east of Jonesville. Moving forward double-quick for 11 miles I found Jonesville, occupied by about 50 Yankees. I drew up in line, dismounted, took possession of the hill east of town, and opened fire. In ten minutes we had possession of the town. Not knowing anything of the force or intention of General Jones I dispatched him and awaited his further orders.

In a few minutes I received through a staff officer an order to attack the enemy (now driven by the force below from Milburn's to a position on a high hill west of town) in a line perpendicular to the Valley road. Just as my line of attack was formed Captain Caudill, with 100 of the Tenth Kentucky, came up, making my whole strength about 230. Major Richmond has command of the right, Captain Caudill of the left wing. We now commenced to advance through an old sage-grass field under fire of their artillery. We moved to within 250 yards of the enemy's line and battery and opened a well-directed fire on his front. After a few rounds I observed that his lines might be easily flanked. I took command of the right wing, leaving Major Richmond that of the left and Captain Caudill's men. I had with me about 50 men. I soon took possession of a small ridge in the enemy's rear, having previously driven the enemy's sharpshooters in off the same ridge. Then ordered Major Richmond forward (who was also on the advance) with an intention to unite my whole force and charge the battery, but before I could reorganize the line the enemy surrendered-240 in numbers, 3 pieces of artillery, 405 wagons, all of their arms, horses, &amp;c.

Soldiers from all the regiments coming up who had won honors in the morning and fought with us now, and justly entitled to share with us, joined in collecting the spoils. What was retained in the Sixty-fourth Virginia has been properly accounted for.

The Sixty-fourth Virginia and Tenth Kentucky, both officers and men, acted gallantly, Major Richmond conducted his wing with skill and ability.

I had Captain Poteet, Company B, wounded slightly; Private Bryant, Company B, wounded mortally; Private Ratliff, Company F, in leg slightly; Private Flaney, Company I, in thigh severely. Four non-commissioned officers and privates in Tenth Kentucky wounded. Particulars ot known.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

A. L. PRIDEMORE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-fourth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

