
B. E. Brooks.-Several witnesses, principally neighbors and fiends of this party, who were at Charleston with him on the 28th, state that about the time the firing commenced he mounted his horse and went away peaceably homeward with several others, and that at this time he expressed himself as desirous to get away, since he had no arms. It is added, however, that after riding some distance he returned to Charleston alone with the avowed purpose of getting his saddle, which had been left behind. A large number or citizens, principally of Hutton Township, subscribe a testimonial in which they say that he has always been a man of good and peaceable character. Three witnesses, however, H. G. Green, G. P. Smith, and J. B. Hutchason, state positively that they saw him present and acting with the rioters on the occasion of the attack. These did not see him engaged in the firing, but Smith testifies that when the principal firing was over he saw Brooks on horseback with a revolver in his hand, and heard him ordering our urging his associates to "go back and give them hell." Green testifies that he saw about 30 of the insurgents collected and formed in a line by Brooks, and that he heard him whoop, and cry out, "Bully for you, boys; we gave them hell this time;" and further, that he heard him issue orders to them.

John Galbreath.-It is testified by one witness on the part of the defense that very soon after the firing commenced he saw this man run out of the gate on the north side of the square, mount his, horse and ride away. One of his neighbors states that he saw him at his house on the evening of the 28th, and on the next two days; and both this witness and another (the father of the accused) allege that they never knew him to have or carry fire-arms or to engage in any "copperhead" drills, and that his character is that of a quiet, peaceable man. On the other hand, Marcus Hill swears that he saw Galbreath present during the principal firing; that the latter approached and addressed some conversation to him, and did not leave his neighborhood till the firing was about over. David Johnson testifies that just before the firing he saw Galbreath run to the west door of the court-house, and heard him ask tow men who were there if they had their pistols ready; that they replied, "yes". That tow more men then joined them, and that the five then went rapidly and excitedly to the west side of the square, where the firing commenced almost immediately after; that when the principal part of the shooting was over, he saw Galbreath in a line of some forty of the rioters which had been formed by their leaders east of the court-house.

Aaron Bryant.-In behalf of his man it is stated by a neighbor that on the 28th, about 2 p. m., he saw him about 2 miles from Charleston, gong with a team toward the residence of one Parish, and that he informed the witness that he was going their for oats.

But another witness, who accompanied Bryant, states that it was about 4 o'clock when the latter started for Parish's. Members of the Parish family say that he came to the house "as late as 4 or 5 o'clock," and remained till late in the evening. On the part of the Government a witness, Robert Kimball, clearly identifies Bryant as having been present at the riot and engaged in firing upon the soldiers. He says that he saw him fire "once or more." John Gossett states that on March 23 Bryant invited him to "join their order," and told him that they were about to "clean out" the soldiers and Union citizens. He adds that the latter urged him to go to Charleston on or about the 28th and carry arms with him, stating at the same time that he was then traveling about the country on "that business."

