
MARCH 28, 1864.-Scouts to Caperton's Ferry, Ala.

Report of Colonel James S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., ELEVENTH CORPS,March 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: A patrol from the First Alabama Cavalry, which returned at 5 p. m. on yesterday, reported themselves to have been driven back from Caperton's Ferry to Island Creek by a detachment of about 50 rebel cavalry. They declared that they exchanged shots with scattering bushwhackers near the house of one Caperton, adjoining the ferry, and that the enemy suddenly afterward appeared in such numbers as to compel the retreat of the cavalry.

Upon receipt of this news I immediately dispatched a detachment of 10 men and a lieutenant of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, with orders to patrol the road as far as Island Creek and farther, if found to be safe, and to return about daylight. This patrol returned at 7 a. m. this morning. The lieutenant commanding reported that he went as far as within 4 miles of Caperton's Ferry without seeing the enemy, and that he could not learn that they had been in the vicinity during the previous day, thus partly contradicting the story of the Alabama cavalry patrol.

At 9 a. m. this morning I sent out a second detachment from the Second Kentucky Cavalry, with orders to go as far as Caperton's Ferry (if found to be safe) and ascertain the truth as to the presence of the enemy in that vicinity. I had also previous to that hour sent a mounted patrol from the First Alabama Cavalry to scour the country and co-operate with an infantry patrol from the One hundred and first Illinois.

At 12.30 p. m. cannonading was heard down the river, which I finally ascertained to be one of Brigadier-General Geary's batteries shelling a small party f 4 or 5 of the enemy seen from that side of the river below the point of the island. The cannonading continued at intervals for half and hour.

I have sent out a reconnoitering party of six companies, 125 men, under Lieutenant Colonel D. Thomson, of the Eighty-second Ohio, with orders to ascertain the truth with reference to the various and contradicting rumors which have been received.

I respectfully request authority to send a strong detachment of infantry to Caperton's Ferry to-morrow, having had information from various sources that the enemy has a picket at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain EUGENE WIEGEL, A. A. G.

MARCH 28, 1864.-Skirmish on Obey's River, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southern Central Kentucky.

CAVE CITY, KY., March 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have just received by couriers from Cumberland River the following information: Captain Watson, of Thirteenth

