
LEXINGTON, KY., April 17, 1864.

Citizens of Booneville, 40 strong, whipped, on the 14th instant, Fred Gray's guerrillas, numbering 75. Citizens report no enemy in Perry or Breathitt Counties. Whitesburg, in Letcher County, evacuated by rebel forces lately there. Jack May, their colonel, recalled them to re-enforce rebel Colonel Edmonds [Edmundson], near Piketon. Colonel True's command will possibly meet them. He should be at Salyersville to-day. I apprehend but little danger.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS B. FARLEIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding District of Eastern Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,Louisa, Ky., April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: My mounted men, under command of Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Ferguson, met a superior force of rebels at the Forks of Beaver, Va., on the 31st of March. A skirmish ensued, our men driving them back until the rebels were re-enforced, and the colonel was in turn driven. He reports the rebels advancing from Abingdon in considerable force, by the way of Guyan, Tug. and Louisa Rivers, and the Pound Gap route; avowed destination Louisa.

General Morgan was at Abingdon the 27th of March.

I have sent Colonel Mims to re-enforce Ferguson.

I will keep you informed of the movement, if true, of which Lieutenant-Colonel Ferguson has no doubt.

My citizen scouts, who are reliable, have just arrived from Gladesville, and report that an immediate movement into Kentucky is contemplated, and they think now moving.

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding Dist. Eastern Ky.

General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky.

PAINTSVILLE, KY., April 13, 1864-10 a. m.

GENERAL: I am attached at this point by, I suppose, about 1,000 rebels; we are fighting. We had a race for the best position; we got it; I can hold it I have 750 men; I have about 500 militia and four companies of the Fourteenth at Louisa. They can hold that place if they attempt to go below us. We are well supplied for five days with revisions. I have no fear for the result here if the Forty-fifth or other regiments are near enough and could come [by] the Salyersville road toward Pound Gap and get in their rear. If they hold us here any time they might get bagged.

Yours,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.

