HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,Half Mountain, Licking River, April 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I pursued the enemy to Half Mountain, Licking River, 13 miles above Salyersville, surprised him at 12.30 a. m. to-day, capturing his pickets. The engagement lasted five hours. We have captured as near as I can find out over 100 horses, 200 saddles, 200 stand of arms; killed and mortally wounded 25, took 50 prisoners (among them Colonel E. F. Clay, mortally wounded); many horses killed. Our loss 4 wounded, 1 seriously, none killed. It is a complete rout. We will camp on the field to-night. My men are worn. I shall send my best mounted men for a few hours on their track.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON,

Lexington, Ky.

LOUISA, April 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I sent a dispatch from the battle-ground on Half Mountain, which upon my arrival here I find was sent to General Hobson.

Our success was complete; on the 14th we surprised the enemy, captured 60 prisoners, wounded and killed 60, captured 200 horses, 400 saddles, 300 small-arms, all their tents and equipage. With 200 more men I would have captured their whole command. The general, in his note of the 8th instant, directs me to mount this whole command. Does he intend for me to mount the Fourteenth Kentucky? Can I order the company at Greenup to join their regiment? I need them. All quiet this side of the mountain. I have just arrived from Paintsville, where most of my command are. Will return this evening.

Yours,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

Numbers 3. Itinerary of the U. S. Forces in the District of Eastern Kentucky, March 28-April 14.*

On March 28, learning that a force of rebels had crossed Pound Gap into Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Ferguson, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers, with all the men that could be mounted 9140 men), was sent from Louisa, Ky., to the forks of Beaver, 60 miles distant. On the same day Captain Thornbury was ordered from Peach Orchard up Rock Castle to get in their rear and join Colonel Ferguson at a given time.

April 1, Colonel Ferguson came upon the enemy at the point designated. Captain Thornbury, by a sudden rise inthe river, was prevented from joining the colonel as ordered. A skirmish ensued, our

---------------

*From returns of the District of Eastern Kentucky and of the First Brigade, District of Kentucky.

---------------

