
men capturing several prisoners, but lost all but 1 lieutenant. The enemy was double our strength. Ferguson fell back to Prestonburg, 10 miles, and was there joined by Captain Thornbury on the 2nd, and then with his command fell back to Paintsville.

April 3, Colonel Mims, with one company of the Fourteenth Kentucky and one company of the Thirty-ninth Kentucky, joined Ferguson at Paintsville.

April 4, a detachment of Company I, Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry (17 men), under direction of Reuben Patrick, an able and daring scout, was sent from Paintsville 40 miles to watch any rebel movement on the borders of Magoffin County.

April 5, discovered a part of two companies of rebel cavalry, about 85 strong, under command of a Captain Bradshaw, in camp on Quicksand, in Breathitt County, Ky., and at 11 o'clock at night, in a daring and gallant manner, surprised and charged their camp, killing and wounding 1 lieutenant and 7 men, capturing all their horses, but was unable to bring off the field but 24 horses and 3 prisoners.

April 6, Colonel Mims was ordered with three companies of infantry from Paintsville, and Major Auxier, Thirty-ninth Kentucky, with three companies of mounted men of Fourteenth and Thirty-ninth Kentucky, from Louisa, Ky., to pursue the rebel Colonel Prentice, then on John's Creek. Colonel Mims crossed Sandy, up John's Creek, and after a march of 60 miles came [April 7] upon Prentice on Brushy. A skirmish ensued, but the rebels, being mounted, escaped with a loss of a few men wounded, some horses, and stolen goods. Major Auxier did not come up until the enemy was routed, although he traveled 55 miles in less than twenty-four hours, over a country with scarcely any road.

April 8, Colonel Mims returned to Paintsville. Colonel Gallup, having gathered all the horses and equipped all that could be equipped for duty, left Louisa and joined his command at Paintsville. The high water prevented a forward movement until the 13th, when an order, was issued for the troops to move at 12 m. promptly, with five days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition, under light marching orders. The mounted pickets were withdrawn to prepare forage and rations. Two hundred of the enemy appeared at 8 a. m. (13th) 4 miles from camp. The entire cavalry force was left across the river to meet them, it being the main road. They came in rear of the camp and attacked at 10 a. m. The enemy were repulsed with loss of 2 killed, 7 prisoners, and 2 wounded, with several horses and mules left in our hands. Our force followed, except a guard for public property left at Paintsville. A flag of truce was sent in by the enemy, asking for the privilege of burying their dead and for the exchange of prisoners, as they had 2 of our men. This was done to gain time and delay our column, then moving, one and a half hours. The pursuit was continued until the 14th.

April 14, at 12 m., our forces attacked the enemy in front and rear, surprised and routed him. The Thirty-ninth Kentucky (mounted), Colonel Mims commanding, charged their camp with a yell (the first charge they ever made). It was a gallant affair and done without faltering, Lieutenant Eberman, Company B, Thirty-ninth Kentucky, leading the charge; Colonel Mims near the head of the column, Colonel Gallup on the center. An engagement of near four and a half hours engaged ensued, our left in that time being driven but gaining their ground again in a few minutes. Colonel Clay leading made a desperate charge on our center, which stood without giving a step, and

