
Colonel Clay falling the rebels fled. The enemy lost 45 prisoners, a large number of wounded taken off the field, several hundred saddles, 250 stand of small-arms, and about 200 horses, all their tents, camp equipage, &amp;c. Our loss in both engagements, 1 killed, 3 slightly and 1 severely wounded, 2 taken prisoners (since escaped and joined us). We has at one time 150 prisoners who had surrendered, but a detachment of our men fired into them, supposing they were holding the position where they were, and drove them into the woods, where they escaped; with two companies more the whole brigade would have been captured.

Lieutenant Colonel Orlando Brown, jr., Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers, with five companies of infantry (300 men), gained their rear and brought on the action at Half Mountain, Magoffin County, Ky. The Fourteenth Kentucky sustained their well-earned reputation. Lieutenant E. J. Roberts, acting assistant adjutant-general, was on the field and rendred valuable service during the action.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Johnson, Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Confederate Forces.

GUEST'S STATION, WISE COUNTY, VA.,

April 21, 1864.

I have the honor to lay before you my report of the fight on Puncheon Creek, Magoffin County, Ky., on the 14th instant. By the unfortunate occurrence of Lieutenant-Colonel Clay getting wounded and falling into the hands of the enemy, I am in command of this brigade, known as Hodge's.

On the afternoon of the 13th instant, by order of Colonel Clay, this brigade was put under marching orders from the right fork of Beaver Creek in the direction of Paintsville. After marching that afternoon and all night through deep mud, creeks, and much quicksand, we arrived in sight of Paintsville about 8 o'clock in the morning, two hours too late for a surprise, which was caused by the terrible condition of the roads. The enemy's pickets, which were stationed about 1 mile from the town, were charged by Captain Fowle's company and run in, killing 1 and capturing 2.

In this charge Captain Fowle lost 2 men killed and 7 prisoners.

We found the enemy in a very strong position with a greatly superior force, and Colonel Clay very correctly decided, as I think, to fall back. We marched that evening and night to the vicinity of Salyersville, in Magoffin County, and encamped.

Early in the morning we moved on to the Licking Meadows and up a little creek called Puncheon, a distance of only about 3 miles, and encamped. The horses of Clay's and Johnson's battalions were mostly lose, grazing in the meadow. Four companies were out on scouting duty, heavy details were out foraging, and some of our tired men lying a sleep, when we were suddenly surprised and attacked by a large force fo the enemy. Many of our horses were shot early in the action, stampeding not only the horses but a great many of the men. In a short time a rally was made and the fight began in earnest, and the struggle was who should hold the camp. For over three hours the men who remained and participated in the fight did their whole duty, and could not fight better. Through the gallantry of

