
No permission was given for Captain Morgan to cross the river, but it is to render all possible assistance to deserters and refugees desiring to escape from the rebel lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain R. H. WILBUR, A. A. A. G.

MARCH 29-31, 1864.-Scout from Lookout Valley to Deer Head Cove, Ga.

Report of Captain George W. Woolly, One hundred and second Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SECOND ILL. VOL. INFTY.,Lookout Valley, Tenn., March 31, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with your orders I proceeded with 13 men, on the night of the 29th, to Trenton, which I reached at daylight of the 30th, where I remained until 7 o'clock and then moved to the Easley farm, but having no reliable information of the movements of the enemy I procured a guide of the name of Long and ascended the mountains at that point by what is known as the State road. I then followed the crest of the mountain to a point opposite Trenton, where I descended by a part known as the Seaton or Silton Gap, without seeing an enemy. I learned from a resident of the mountain by the name of McKaig that there were on Sunday last about 20 or 30 rebel soldiers on the mountain at that point, and last heard from they were proceeding toward a gap known as Campbell's Gap on the other side of the mountain. I could discover no trace of an enemy, either by sign of camp or track of horses since the rain.

While at Long's house in the valley, some 4 or 5 miles above Trenton, I discovered a flag on the Raccoon Mountain at a point, I should judge, about 7 miles above Trenton. Having no glass my view was very indistinct, but should think it was used for signal purposes; and while on Lookout Mountain I observed smoke in that vicinity, much resembling the smoke of a camp. One of the rebel soldiers that was on Lookout Mountain on Sunday wished to ascertain from McKaig the disposition of the Federal forces at Wauhatchie; also wished to know if there were Federal forces stationed at Whiteside's, and also stated that picking up deserters was not his present business. He asked McKaig if the (McKaig) thought he could get to Bridgeport, and rather inferred that he was ordered to that place. I observed the Lookout Valley from different point on Lookout Mountain, but could discover no movements of the enemy therein.

GEO. W. WOOLLY,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

BENJAMIN HARRISON,

Colonel Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Eleventh Army Corps.

MARCH 30, 1864.-Scout from Columbus to Clinton and Moscow, Ky.

Report of Colonel William H. Lawrence, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. OF THE POST, Columbus, Ky., March 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I accompanied Lieutenant Stanley on a scout yesterday, with 50 men.

