
We proceeded first to Clinton, 12 miles from here. On the road met 15 of the enemy, who were followed up so fast that they threw away their arms.

About one-quarter of a mile from Clinton were informed that there were 300 or more of the enemy in the town, at the entrance to which is a strong breast-work; before this rode 2 or 3 officers, who appeared so confident that it was not thought safe to charge. Skirmishers were thrown out, and as they advanced toward the breastworks the officers galloped off. A charge was immediately made, but the enemy, between 40 and 60 strong, escaped. Had it not been for the false information given, the greater part would have been captured. The party giving it should have been arrested.

Moscow was then headed for; upon arriving within one-quarter of a mile of the town 12 men were dismounted and sent round by the railroad to guard the back roads. We then charged into the town. After this we returned to Columbus, having made 32 miles in nine hours, capturing 3 Confederate soldiers, 2 conscripts, 2 guerrillas signalizing the enemy, 2 men who had the enemy and concealed weapons in their houses, besides arms and about 50 head of horses and mules.

From information received, the enemy under Faulkner, 1,200 strong, are at Lodgetown; from there will move this day toward Jackson, Tenn.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel 34th New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 30, 1864.-Attack on Outpost at Snyder's Bluff, Miss.

Report of Brigadier General Lawrence S. Ross, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on yesterday morning I sent Colonel Jones, in command of Third and Ninth Texas Cavalry, to attack the outpost of the force at Snyder's Bluff, destroy Yankee plantations, &amp;c. Report just received from him informs me that he had captured a negro corral, 100 mules, some negroes, burned all their quarters, and killed 30. He was fighting or skirmishing with three regiments Yankee infantry and some cavalry in breastworks when courier left. He will not attack unless and advantage is offered.

Very respectfully, &c., your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant MARTIN,

Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Adjt. General, Jackson's Cav. Div.

