
marched at 4 p. m. back toward Trenton; encamped near Crawfish Creek; broke camp at daybreak April 1, and arrived here in the afternoon.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh Corps.

MARCH 31-APRIL 2, 1864.-Scout from Bridgeport, Ala., to Caperton's Ferry and vicinity.

Report of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE SECOND DIVISION,Bridgeport, Ala., April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions of the 31st of March, 1864, to proceed with two regiments of this brigade down the south bank of the Tennessee to reconnoiter the country between this point and Caperton's Ferry, and capture, if possible, any guerrillas or parties of the enemy that are in the neighborhood, I have the honor to submit the following report relating to the Fulfillment of the same:

Taking the Fifth Ohio and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, about 400 men, I proceeded down the south bank of the Tennessee to the mouth of Island Creek; encamped for the night.

The morning of the 1st proceeded up the north bank of that creek and crossed about 1 1/2 miles above Phillips' Mill, down the south bank of the creek to the river, and thence down the river to Caperton's Ferry; sent troops upon all the roads and trails, and completely scoured the country at the foot of the mountains. Could hear that straggling parties in squads of from 1 to 10 of the enemy made visits in that neighborhood, but could not fix upon any parties for certain who harbored them. At the ferry (Caperton's) learned that a party of troops stationed on the Stevenson side crossed some time last week, and had committed some depredations (of what nature could not positively learn) upon the property of a rebel living some 6 miles below, and the owner had collected a party for the purpose of retaliation, which they did several days since, wounding 1 or 2 officers, and capturing 3 enlisted men. From Caperton's Ferry took the mountain road to Winston's as far as Cashe's Mill, near Raccoon Creek; encamped for the night.

This morning (the 2nd) moved at 6.45 a. m., taking the mountain road (Long's) in a northerly direction to the crossing of Island Creek above Phillips's Mill. Several cavalry had passed during the night, but could not learn where or to which army they belonged (supposed to the rebel mail carriers). On my arrival at Island Creek, on my return, I returned the same road I had marched, nothing transpiring worth mentioning or of interest.

At Caperton's house I picked up 2 men who could give no account of themselves. Finding that they had never taken the oath of allegiance to the United States, I deemed it right to bring them to this post. I also brought to this post a man by the name of Shumake, whom I found with passes from both armies and quite a sum of Confederate money (some $80) in his possession. His mother (Mrs. Shumake) has been in the habit of drawing rations from the

