
Government. In here house I found about 80 bushels of corn, 20 of wheat, 3 barrels of flour, 10 bushels o rye, and some 200 pounds of bacon. With the prisoner I brought a horse, saddle, and bridge for him to ride, the property of this mother. I also picked up two other horses, and turned them over to the provost-marshal with the prisoner; also the money of Shumake's. Returned with my command to this post, arriving here about 3 p. m. this day.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Vet. Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division.

APRIL 2-4, 1864.-Reconnaissances from Powder Springs Gap toward Rogersville and Bull's Gap, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Powder Springs Gap, April 3, 1864-3 p. m.

GENERAL: Both of my reconnaissance have returned. Colonel Anderson, with six regiments of infantry and a detachment of cavalry, was sent up this valley with instructions when he reached the forks of the road above Rutledge (one road leads up the valley, the other across the Holston toward Bull's Gap, &amp;c.) to leave a regiment there; to send three regiments of infantry and a part of the cavalry up the valley to Bean's Station, and two regiments and the remainder of the cavalry to the Holston. These instructions were carried out. The citizens informed him that the cavalry had left Rogersville early last week, and they all concurred in the opinion that Longstreet's forces had been withdrawn toward Virginia. Colonel Anderson talked with a Mr. Smith, a well-known Union man above Rutledge, who told him he believed Longstreet's forces had or were leaving the State, because all the rebel citizens believed it and were much depressed about it. Colonel Knefler was sent with three regiments of infantry up Clinch Valley. He went up the valley to a point opposite and north of Bean's Station. He saw no enemy. He was informed that the companies of Home Guards which he encountered there on his former reconnaissance had joined the cavalry at Rogersville, and left with it. The citizens told him the cavalry left Rogersville last Tuesday, and the reported destination was Georgia. He could obtain no definite information in regard to Longstreet's movements. The party which I started to Cumberland Gap on Thursday last has just returned, bringing the accompanying dispatch * from General Garrard. The party passed through Tazewell going and returning, but saw no enemy. Colonels Anderson and Knefler report the roads they marched over as execrable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

