
POWDER SPRINGS GAP,

April 4, 1864-9 p. m.

GENERAL: Your note of this day evidently, though dated April 5, is just received. My reconnaissance returned this afternoon, having been absent three days. Colonel Anderson was sent up this valley with order to divide his command beyond Rutledge, sending a portion of it toward Rogersville and the remainder to the Holston, on the road leading to Bull's Gap, Greeneville, &amp;c. All the citizens informed him the rebel cavalry had left Rogersville, and all concurred in the opinion that Longstreet's forces had fallen back, and, as they supposed, with the intention of leaving the State. A Mr. Smith, a well-known Union man above Rutledge, told Colonel Anderson he believed this was the case, because all the rebel citizens believe it to be over the Watauga. He further said it was generally understood Longstreet's forces had been withdrawn to Bristol.

I also forwarded yesterday afternoon a dispatch just then received from General Garrard. He reported he had nothing special to add to his former dispatch, except the report of several rebels deserters, who said Jones had fallen back to the salt-works above Abingdon.

I cannot conceive what has become of my dispatch of yesterday afternoon. It was addressed to General Cox at Strawberry Plains.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General SCHOFIELD.

APRIL 7, 1864.-Skirmish at Woodall's Bridge, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General James H. Clanton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CLANTON'S BRIGADE,Danville, Ala., April 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I beg to report that on the 2nd instant I reached Whitesburg; found the enemy shelling my pickets across the Tennessee River at a distance of 800 yards, but doing no damage. From Whitesburg I proceeded to this place via Somerville with 250 men.

On Thursday afternoon, 7th instant, about 6 o'clock, on a reconnaissance with my staff and 40 men, being then in advance of my command about 8 miles, I met the Yankee cavalry from decatur, 325 strong, at Woodall's Bridge, 18 miles east of this place, en route to Somerville. I at first supposed and was informed by my guide that they were Confederates. Their advance fired upon Colonel Lowe and myself at a distance of 50 yards. With my staff and 40 men I charged the enemy and he gave way. I then brought up my reserve, but by this time the enemy had retreated, tearing up the bridges behind him. I, however, dismounted my command and followed, but could not overtake him.

The next day (Friday) I reached this point.

On Saturday the enemy's cavalry were out again. I followed it to within a mile of Decatur, but was unable to overtake it. I drove in his pickets at this point, losing in this skirmish only 1 horse.

In the engagement referred to on 7th instant my men behaved well, my staff leading them in the charge.

Colonel William Lowe, of Huntsville, was conspicuous for his gallantry. He dismounted and picked up the colors (which has been dropped

42 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

