
by a man riding an unruly horse, who had them in charge temporarily) within 100 yards of the enemy under a heavy fire.

My scouts hover around Decatur. The force there is variously estimated from 1,000 to 10,000. I placed it at the former, but believe it was re-enforced yesterday.

The people in this valley are patriotic and liberal, but cannot support more than on brigade. I leave in the morning for Moulton and Russellville to be absent a few days, and will report more fully upon my return.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CLANTON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain JOHN C. BURCH, A. A. G.

APRIL 8, 1864.-Skirmish at Paint Rock Bridge, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred B. Wade, Seventy-third Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-THIRD INDIANA INFANTRY,Larkinsville, Ala., April 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a squad of 15 men from Company D of this regiment, under command of Corpl. William H. H. Reed, met the enemy (supposed by them to number at least 40) near Paint Rock bridge on the 8th instant. Although surprised and driven back after short contest, yet the corporal brought his men into camp in perfect order, with a loss, however, of 1 man killed and 1 severely wounded. The loss of the enemy is unknown, but reported by the men and a citizens negro to vary from 2 to 4 killed, and 3 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-third Indiana.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT, A. A. A. G.

APRIL 10, 1864.-Scout to Dedmon's Trace, Ga.

Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., April 10, 1864.

SIR: At 3.30 this a. m. I sent out a party under command of Captain Warner, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, to endeavor to capture a rebel picket of 50 men, stationed near the Dedmon Trace. In consequence of the want of knowledge of their actual position Captain Warner struck the picket from the north instead of the east, and succeeded in capturing but 4 of them, privates of the Second and Fourth Tennessee Cavalry. There are two brigades, Humes' and Wade's, stationed at Tunnel Hill, under command of General Kelly.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff.

