
I left camp soon after daylight on the morning of the 11th instant, and marched the same day to within 1 miles of La Fayette. I heard nothing of the enemy, excepting 4 scouts, who came from the direction of La Fayette, and passing through Catlett's Gap came to a point sunrise on the morning of the 12th instant, and could hear of none of the enemy having been in that vicinity (excepting the 4 above mentioned) later than the 3rd instant, when there were 137 cavalry, from near Dalton at La Fayette, and this side to near Catlett's Gap. From all I could learn, I am satisfied that there is no considerable force this side of Taylor's Ridge, and the enemy seem to be concentrating all their forces at or near Dalton. From La Fayette I passed through Blue Bird Gap (which I found very much obstructed, so as to be entirely impassable for wagons or artillery), and encamped 1 mile this side of Thornton's, in Chattanooga Valley, having crossed Mission Ridge at a point opposite Blue Brid Gap. I returned to camp at 3 p. m. to-day. Citizens in Chattanooga Valley reported to me that there was a force of 16 rebel cavalry from the vicinity of Dalton at Baile's and other points in the valley, on the 4th instant, but I think from what I could learn that they were our own scouts.

Most respectfully submitted.

CARTER VAN VLECK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

APRIL 12, 1864.-Skirmish near Florence, Ala.

Report of Colonel Samuel S. Ives, Thirty-fifth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Newburg, Ala., April 15, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my command still encamped at this place.

On the night of the 12th instant detachments of the Twenty-seventh Alabama and my regiment, commanded by Colonel Jackson and myself, crossed the Tennessee near Tuscumbia and surprised a camp of the enemy 4 miles distant from the river, killing 3, capturing 3 commissioned officer, 38 non-commissioned officers and privates, and 1 negro sutler, together with considerable number of horses, mules, arms, equipments, &amp;c., comprising the larger portion of Company G, Ninth Ohio Cavalry. I brought off my detachment entire, sustaining no loss whatever. One-half the prisoners I took charge of, and have this day forwarded them to Tuscaloosa with a guard of 1 captain and 14 men, to be turned over to the provost-marshal of that district. Twenty-eight horses and mules were captured by my command, which I have used for the purpose of sending the prisoners and guard forward, directing that on their arrival at Tuscallosa a sufficient number be retained to insure the speedy return of the guard, and that the remainder be turned over. What-ever number may be retained for the purpose above stated I shall hold subject to order, and in the mean time use them for the purpose of sending out squads in search of deserters, &c., the character of a portion of this country rendering it physically impossible for infan-

