
Upon the expedition we destroyed forty-seven boats. Our casualties are: Private James B. Auxer, Company F, Seventh Ohio Volunteers, gunshot would through face; Private William H. Poor, Company F, Seventh Ohio Volunteers, gunshot wound in head; Private Martin T. Britton, Company D, Seventh Ohio Volunteers, gunshot wound in right hand. We took prisoner with arms: J. H. Cunningham, Smith's Alabama Cavalry, L. M. Swan, G. J. Bain, J. M. Gullitte.

With the mail I forward you by messenger seventeen $1,000 Tennessee and Coosa Railroad bonds, taken at Guntersville.

Captain John Newton, of the Chickamauga, is deserving of official mention for the zeal and interest he manifested in his connection with the expedition.

Hoping the reconnaissance may meet with the approbation of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, A. A. G.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, April 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the assistant adjutant-general, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, for the in- formation of Major-General Sherman, with expressions of satisfaction at the manner in which Brigadier General John W. Geary conducted his expedition and the results which followed. From the information furnished by General Geary, and that derived from other sources, there seems to be foundation for the rumor that the enemy intend attacking our railroad communications from a southwesterly direction.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

APRIL 13, 1864.-Skirmish at Mink Springs, near Cleveland, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Captain James M. Comstock, First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.

CLEVELAND, TENN., April 13 1864.

I have the honor to report that this morning at daylight the enemy, about 800 strong, surrounded and attacked our outpost at Mink Springs at crossing of Ducktown and Federal roads, capturing -, two of whom wee wounded. Captain Smith, topographical engineer of General Johnson's staff, was captured with his papers. No blame attached to the conduct of men. I have sent an adequate force in pursuit, and hope to overtake the enemy.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

