
CLEVELAND, TENN.,

April 13, 1864.

There was an omission in dispatch sent this morning. One commissioned officer and 18 men were captured, 2 of whom were wounded.

EDWARD M. McCOOK.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James M. Comstock, First Wisconsin Cavalry.

CAMP FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,

Cleveland, East Tenn., April 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was stationed on outpost duty on the Cleveland and Ducktown road, 6 miles from Cleveland, on the morning of the 12th of April, 1864, with 2 commissioned officers and 100 men. I sent Lieutenant Caldwell, in command of 25 men, all of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, to relieve an outpost picket 4 miles beyond on the same road.

On the morning of the 13th instant, at daybreak, I was informed through the citizens that a large body of the enemy's cavalry, probably 1,500 strong, was advancing in the direction of the outpost, 4 miles beyond me. I immediately dispatched a party in the direction of the picket, and ascertained that they had been attacked at daylight on all sides by largely superior numbers; that after resisting a short time, in which 1 rebel was report killed and 1 wounded, the lieutenant and 19 men, with arms, horses, and equipments, were captured; 2 of the latter were wounded. Six men escaped, losing all of their horses and equipments and a portion of their arms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. COMSTOCK,

Captain First Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Outpost.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cav. Div.

APRIL 13, 1864.-Skirmishes near Decatur, Ala.

Report of Major John H. Kuhn, Ninth Illinois Infantry (mounted).
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Decatur, Ala., April 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have had scouting parties out on the different roads leading from this place for the past few days, who report no heavy force of the enemy, but squads or companies on all the roads, forming an almost unbroken chain of pickets, an average distance of about 6 miles from this city.

Last night I ordered a small party, under Lieutenant Oates, to make a second effort to pass to the rear of the enemy, on the Moulton and Decatur and Moulton and Courtland roads, in order to effect a passage. I ordered two companies under Captain Hughes to drive in the enemy's pickets and pursue them as far as prudent and then fall back, Lieutenant Oates being instructed at the same time to pass over the mountains toward Mount Hope. Captain Hughes came in

