
name not visible, came up; received three raking shots and sought safety in flight, having fired but once. Have but one inferior flat-boat, and cannot cross for high wind and waves. Looking for Colonel Harrison's forces on the other bank every minutes. He has not come to time. Carried 2,000 stands of arms 50 miles on horses. Succeeded in crossing some and hid them in the cane with small guard. Tried to haul boats from the Sunflower, but wagons could not pass over the road. Broke the axle-tree of one of my rifled pieces in the action to-day. Will save the piece. Great many boats running the river. I will be forced to leave the river in two or three days on account of the mud and scarcity of supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major HOLT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 9, 1864.-Skirmish at Terman's Ferry, Ky.

Report of Major Rhys M. Thomas, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

CATLETTSBURG, KY.,

January 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: As a company of Thirty-ninth Kentucky was moving down the west bank of the Sandy River, between Louisa and Catlettsburg, Ky., about 14 miles above the last place, a detachment of Colonel Ferguson's rebel regiment, about 150 men, led by Ferguson in person, attacked the company, who were in camp for the night, and killed 1 lieutenant and captured 1 lieutenant and 8 men. The rebels crossed the Big Sandy River on the ice. The Union force numbered 75 strong, commanded by Captain King. Twenty men were sent to hospital at Ashland, being badly frozen.

R. M. THOMAS,

Major, Commanding Post.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 10, 1864.-Skirmish near Mossy Creek, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

MOSSY CREEK,

January 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a scouting party from the Second Brigade to-day surprised one of the enemy's outposts, on the Dandridge road about 6 miles from Mossy Creek, and killed 4, including 1 lieutenant, besides making 7 prisoners, without loss.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

