
about 11 p. m., and reported that he was strenuously opposed by a party of rebel scouts and pickets, which he drove back of the crossroad about 10 miles in the mountains. Lieutenant Oates returned in the latter part of the night, reporting that the enemy held all the roads and mountain passes by which they can be penetrated. He met with no large force, but sentinels and squads, sufficiently strong and evidently posted to give alarm and capture deserters, making their way to our lines. Lieutenant Oates left the mountains and crossed over to the Courtland road, about 8 miles below this place. He had severe skirmishing with four different parties of these scouts and pickets, losing 1 horse killed from under one of his men.

I have now four companies out scouting and on guard duty. Four companies will be sent to make the attempt to go to Triana, and two will go out on the roads leading south and west of town as soon as those now out return.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. KUHN,

Major Ninth Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

Captain F. F. WHITEHEAD, A. A. G.

APRIL 15, 1864.-Skirmish near Greeneville, Tenn.

Report of Major General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., April 16, 1864.

The Third Indiana Cavalry, reconnoitering beyond Greeneville yesterday, surprised a party of rebel cavalry, killed 10 and captured 15, inclosing their leader, Reynolds. Nothing new relative to the movements of the enemy.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN, Nashville, Tenn.

APRIL 17, 1864.-Affair at Flint River, Ala.

Report of Major John H. Kihn, Ninth Illinois Infantry (mounted).
HDQRS. NINTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Decatur, Ala., April 17, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully report that I sent a scouting party of sergeant and 10 privates out on the Somnerville road at 7.30 a. m. to-day. The party found about 150 of the enemy this side of Flint River, divided into tow parties. The advance party of the enemy, numbering about 100, permitted my scouting party to pass by them unmolested some distance, and then closed in on them, cutting off their retreat. Two of my men are known to have been captured; the rest of them took to the woods, only 1 of whom has yet come in. The rebels were within 1 miles of the mill on Flint River.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN N. KUHN,

Major Ninth Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

Captain F. W. Fox, A. A. G.

