
APRIL 18, 1864.-Skirmish near Decatur, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 18, 1864.

Major Fairfield, First Alabama, came into the rebel picket on the Courtland road this morning, about 2 miles out. He drove them in, and pushed them until they showed a force too strong for him.

I sent Major Kuhn with 240 men to support him. This force drove them back to the main body, about 5 miles from here. They showed no inclination to engage until they reached the main force. Citizens reported that Roddey was there in person, having arrived yesterday. All quiet on all the roads. A force of about 200 appeared on the Somerville road this morning.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left. Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens.

APRIL 18-20, 1864.-Expedition from Burkesville, Ky., to Obey's River, Tenn.

Report of Colonel James W. Weatherford, Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

BURKESVILLE, April 20, 1864.

Captain Watson just returned; captured 8 prisoners; had fight at Obey's River; Hughs scattered his men; killed and wounded some of them; have one that murdered one of my men (Niel Creelsboro) in October last.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON.

APRIL 19, 1864.-Operations against Unionists in Marion County, Ala.

Report of Colonel Dud. W. Jones, Ninth Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT TEXAS BRIGADE,Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to Brigadier-General Armstrong, commanding division, that in obedience to orders from General jackson I left Tuscaloosa on the morning of the 19th instant in command of detachments from the Sixth and Ninth Texas Cavalry Regiments (commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Ross and Major Bates, respectively), and Captain Lee's squadron, from the Third Texas Cavalry, amounting in all to about 300 men. I proceeded according to instructions to operate against the tories, who were reported to be in open resistance in Marion County, Ala. On the route a small party of my men were fired into by a party of men dressed in Federal uniform. The tories immediately fled and were hotly pursued, but getting into the hills they made their escape. I learned on my return that on of these men was a captain in the Federal army, and down there on recruiting service. The others

