
were tories belonging to the Yankee army and at home on furlough. When I reached Marion County I found that the reports in regard to the tories had been greatly exaggerated, and that there were none of them in open resistance. There are a great many deserters there in the woods and a good many of them are armed, and I learned that secret organizations existed among them, but saw no evidence of an open resistance.

In regard to the case of Captain Woodward, which I was ordered to investigate, I found the captain with an order to recruit and organize a battalion, given him by Colonel Paterson, commanding a brigade in General Roddey's command, and a letter of instructions from the same, which I herewith transmit. Deeming his authority in sufficing, I brought Captain Woodward and all of the men that he had with him in with me. Finding that I could not longer remain in Marion County, owing to the great scarcity of forage, after remaining two days I determined to report with my command at Tuscaloosa.

I captured a good many conscripts and deserters, and succeeded in reaching this place with about 50 men whom I found absent from their commands without proper authority.

Respectfully submitted.

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel Ninth Texas Cavalry, Commanding Detachment Texas Brigadier Jackson's Cav. Div.

Captain THOMAS B. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Division.

APRIL 19-20, 1864.-Skirmishes at Waterhouse's Mill and Boiling Springs, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Oscar H. La. Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Cleveland, Tenn., April 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Hill, of my staff, with 15 men, attacked and routed 27 of the First Tennessee (rebel) Cavalry near Waterhouse's, wounding 2 and taking 1 prisoners. Last evening about 8 o'clock a small party of our scouts had a skirmish with about 20 of the enemy at Boiling Springs, about 5 miles above Spring Place, on Charleston and Spring Place road. They drove the rebels back and killed 2 of their horses. My pickets report all quiet in their front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE.

