
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

CLEVELAND, TENN., April 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that the scouting party detailed from Second Brigade on 21st proceeded to Waterhouse's Mill, where it remained until 1 o'clock this morning, when it was equally divided, one party under Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart proceeding directly down the Spring Place road, and the other crossing into the old Federal road and describing an arc, intersecting the Cleveland and Spring Place road at a point 29 miles from Cleveland, equidistant from Boiling Springs and Spring Place, and behind the camp of a scouting party of 32 rebels. A mistake in regard to the distance to be traveled by the second party prevented the junction agreed upon, and Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, attacking directly in front at daylight, notwithstanding the disadvantageous circumstances, captured a captain, a lieutenant, and 12 men without loss. The peculiarly favorable position of the enemy renders this trifling success creditable to himself and his men. Had the other party arrived in time to attack simultaneously from the rear not one of the party could have escaped. From information gland by the way it is believed that the enemy's cavalry force (at present inconsiderable, but soon to be augmented) is now at Tunnel Hill.

The scout, Leonard, appears to have extensive and reliable means of ascertaining the enemy's movements. The scouting party returned in good condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT LE ROY, A. A. G.

APRIL 19-23, 1864.-Expedition up the Yazoo River, Miss., skirmishes at and near Mechanicsburg, and capture of U. S. gun-boat Petrel.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Itinerary of the District of Vicksburg, for April, 1864.

Numbers 2.-Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, Seventeenth Army Corps, for April, 1864.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Embury D. Osband, Thrid U. S. Colored Cavalry, of skirmishes at and near Mechanicsburg.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Itinerary of the District of Vicksburg, for April, 1864.+

An expedition in command of Colonel H. Scofield, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, was sent from Hayne's Bluff up the Yazoo Rivert, meeting the enemy in force; did

---------------

*For reports of Acting Master Thomas McElroy, U. S. Navy, &amp;c., see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 5, 1864.

+From monthly return.

---------------

43 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

