
with four pieces of artillery and about 700 men. Halting in a little belt of timber for the infantry to close up we saw about 20 men in our front and dismounted tow companies to flank them, when instantly the enemy appeared on our position with an ambushed battery of four pieces, distant about three-quarters of a mile, continuing a rapid fire for nearly an hour, during which time our dismounted companies rejoined the command. Having received an order from Colonel Scofield, commanding, I fell back as directed to a point near to, and so as to defend the passage of, the cross-road leading to Liverpool Heights. While holding this position the enemy, who had followed us, attempted to force our position held by the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Major J. B. Cook commanding. Major Cook arranged an ambuscade for them behind a small ridge jutting out to the road. They advanced about one regiment strong in column, but on receiving the unexpected fire from the ridge they were thrown into confusion, and on being pushed by the charging party, a lieutenant and 12 men, all the well-mounted men there were in the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, broke into fragments and were pursued fully 1 mile in the wildest confusion to the enemy's rear line of battle, who, mistaking them in the cloud of dust for our column, poured into them a volley of musketry.

Their loss must have been severe, 5 dead and many wounded men and horses being left upon the field.

Holding our position undisturbed till 7 p. m., we moved by order in the rear of the infantry to Liverpool Heights.

Leaving there at 12.30 a. m. on the morning of April 23, we marched to Haynes' Bluff, undisturbed by the enemy.

I desire to particularly mention the conduct of Major William H. Lusk, Tenth Missouri Cavalry; Major J. B. Cook, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry; Second Lieutenant Edwin Farley, C Company, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, who led the charge.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, Commanding Third U. S. Colored Cavalry.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army.

DEMOPOLIS, April 23, 1864.

Brigadier General Wirt Adams, commanding cavalry on the Yazoo River, telegraphs me from Yazoo City on 22nd instant to this effect:

I have the honor to report the capture of a gun-boat to-day near this city. While lying near the horse she was attacked by a section of artillery and a detachment of sharpshooters under Colonel Griffith, who drove the men from the guns, and finally the crew from the boat. I removed her fine armament of eight 24-pounder guns and the most valuable stores, and had her burned to the water's edge. The captains and pilot are prisoners in my hands, and a number of the crew. My casualties are small.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

