
YAZOO CITY, April 21, 1864. (Via Canton, 22nd.)

Enemy, 1,500 strong (cavalry, infantry, and one battery), was met near Liverpool last evening. After heavy skirmishing for several hours he retired and remained inactive. To-day not yet clearly developed whether the expedition is against Yazoo City or railroad; unless he is re-enforced we can protect either.

Fleet of gun-boats and transports approaching Yazoo City late this evening was driven back by battery.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK.

YAZOO CITY, April 23, 1864.

(Received Demopolis, 25th.)

Enemy, foiled in his purposes, embarked his forces during night 22nd, and returned yesterday morning to Vicksburg. Have telegraphed General Chalmers shall not require assistance.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK.

ADDENDA.

DEMOPOLIS, April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General ADAMS, Yazoo City, via Canton:

Your dispatch giving account of Colonel Griffith's gallant achievement in the capture of gun-boat received. Will you be able to remove and secure the guns? Report the present situation of affairs. General Chalmers, with a brigade from Panola and one from Okolona, with a battery from Aberdeen, has been ordered to join you. Hope you will be enabled to cut off enemy's retreat to Vicksburg. Keep in communication with Chalmers. Keep me advised every six hours.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

APRIL 21, 1864.-Affair at Harrison's Gap, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Major John Lubbers, Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Woodville, Ala., April 22, 1864.

COLONEL: General Logan being temporarily absent from Huntsville, I submit the following report to you for the information of the major-general commanding the department:

On receipt of Major Lubbers' dispatch from Vienna (copy inclosed*), the import of which I telegraphed to you this morning, I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

