
sent a staff officer to Vienna, who reports the following: The rebel party was about 40 strong, commanded by Johnston (formerly a Methodist preacher); they seemed to have rendezvoused at Hollowell's and crossed the river at Johnston's Landing. Thirty of the party lay in ambush and attacked the returning patrol at Harrison's Gap, as reported by Major Lubbers. The other 10 attempted to take away some boats from this side, but finding them guarded they field at the first shot.

As soon as Major Lubbers, commanding at Vienna, was informed of the circumstances he used every effort to recapture the men, but without success. The rebels shouted across the river and offered to give up the wounded in exchange for Daniles, Anderson, and Smith, all of Mead's battalion. The first named, Daniles, was a lieutenant in Mead's battalion, and was captured by my forces and released by direction of Major-General Logan on taking oath and giving bond. Anderson is in confinement here, and was brought before a military commission; finding not published. Smith was captured by General M. L. Smith's forces; was some time in confinement at Larkinsville; was removed to Huntsville, and lately tried before a military commission; finding not published. He is at present, I believe, in the hands of the provost-marshal at Huntsville.

The ambush was made, and the party captured within 50 yards of Harrison's house. When the rebels moved off this man went to a neighbor, about 4 miles off of road, alleging that he was afraid to travel alone, and these two proceeded leisurely to Vienna to give the commanding officer notice of the outrage, arriving there a considerable time after. One of the pickets station at the river, who, seeing the enemy pass near him (while patrolling) with the prisoners, walked 3 miles and then borrowed a horse, bringing the first information to Major Lubbers. The major, is of opinion that this delay was made purposely by Harrison to enable the rebels to get away and across the river before pursuit could be made, and that Harrison only gave information owing to his fears that he would be molested unless he did so. He represents Harrison as a Southern sympathizer, and recommends that he and similar families be put across the rive,r as he has not sufficient proof to convict him of violation of the laws of war before a commission.

Appearances on the others side of the Tennessee indicate that all the pickets below the mouth of Flint have been withdrawn, while those at Hollowell's, opposite mouth of Paint Rock, have been re-enforced.

Awaiting your reply, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major John Lubbers, Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS,First Osterhaus, Vienna, Ala, April 21, 1864.

SIR: I regret to report that this morning about 8.30 a. m. a detail of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 6 men, who were returning from duty

