
as patrols on Tennessee, were captured by a force of the enemy at Harrison's Gap. The men were marching leisurely, and the enemy having concealed themselves fired into the leading 4, mortally wounding 1 and another seriously. They numbered about 30 men. This detail was the only one on the river at the time, the remaining ones having been ordered to camp early in the day.

I mounted men immediately and started in pursuit, but information did not reach me till too late, and I was only able to see the prisoners on the other side.

Effort were made to get the wounded back, but without avail. The enemy did not cross on my front, but evidently had the aid and counsel of citizens.

I would respectfully suggest that, with the general's permission, I can cross the Tennessee and retaliate by capturing and destroying whatever there may be on the other side. All my officers and men are anxious to have a trail with the guerrillas.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LUBBERS,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Iowa.

P. S.-Inclosed I send a communication which was left on this bank of the river where the enemy crossed with the prisoners.

JOHN LUBBERS,

Major, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GORDON, A. A. G.

[Inclosure.]

MADISON COUNTY, ALA., April 22, 1864.

To the Officer Commanding Post at Vienna, Ala.:

SIR: If any citizen or any house is injured or destroyed for what we have done over here, we will retaliate by putting these prisoners to death. We have 8, but will treat them as prisoners of war. We are not bushwhackers, and you must not hold citizens responsible for what we do.

OFFICER COMMANDING SQUADRON.

(This paper was recognized as in Parson Johnston's handwriting.)

APRIL 23, 1864.-Attack on Union pickets at Nickajack Trace, Ga.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Eli H. Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Sheets, Ninety-second Illinois Infantry (mounted).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Absalom Barid, U. S. Army.

RINGGOLD, April 23, 1864.

Colonel Murray reports that his picket was not surprised but overpowered. Fifteen of our men were shot, mostly after they had surrendered and been robbed. Eight are already dead, but 1 will live. Rebels took 13 prisoners, 1 (the lieutenant) wounded. All is quiet

---------------

*See also General Thomas' report, p. 19.

---------------

