
since, and the post strengthened by 100 men. I send a written report through General Palmer. A dismounted regiment barricaded itself on the road in rear of post and a battalion of cavalry charged in front and drove it back onto the footmen. Such distant posts are always much exposed. Rebel los not known.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General THOMAS.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Eli H. Murrary, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Cavalry Division.

RINGGOLD, GA., April 23, 1864.

I have deferred until this moment, in order to receive the facts, telegraphing the account of an attack on our picket-line near Nickajack this morning at daylight. A regiment of dismounted rebel cavalry sneaked over Taylor's Ridge, getting in rear of our picket post at Leet's farm. A charge of three companies of rebel cavalry attacked our advance vedettes, drove them to the reserve of the post at Nickajack, which reserve was ready to receive them, which it did, fighting the three companies and following back until they were attacked in rear by the dismounted men, who had come over the ridge. They then made a stand against both parties. Between the two parties our men suffered severely, losing 5 killed and 10 wounded, and Lieutenant Scovill and 12 men taken prisoners. The men were all of the Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry. The rebels lost 1 killed, 1 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. Attacked as they were, our men did all they could. They were found vigilant and active. Will write fully.

E. H. MURRARY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division Cavalry.

Captain J. E. JACOBS, A. A. G.

RINGGOLD, GA., April 23, 1864.

It appears there were two regiments of footmen and one battalion of cavalry that made the attack this morning. All the wounded except 1 will die, probably to-night. Some of our men were killed after they surrendered. Will send official list and report in the morning.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Cavalry Division.

Captain J. E. JACOBS, A. A. G.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Sheets, Ninety-second Illinois Infantry (mounted).
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILL. VOL. INF. (MOUNTED),Ringoold, Ga., April 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the men of my regiment doing picket duty at and near the Lyle farm, 8 miles south from this place, were attacked at dawn this morning by a large force of the enemy, consisting of infantry and cavalry.

