
clusive (the best possible)-the statements of men, fatally wounded, just before their death. There is no room for doubt in the premises, and a terrible retribution should follow this damnable outrage upon brave men.

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Ill. Vols., Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., April 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The conduct of this detachment was indeed praiseworthy. Necessarily an exposed position, with the enemy in front and rear, they fought until entirely overpowered. The unauthorized and outrageous murder of our men after they had surrendered themselves, as the inclosed statements and affidavits will show, I would also call especial attention to, that proper punishment may be visited upon those who would cast aside civilized warfare.

E. H. MURRAY,

Colonel Third Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding Division.

[Inclosures.]

EXHIBIT A.

RINGGOLD, GA.,

April 23, 1864.

[Lieutenant I. C. LAWVER,

Adjutant:]

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report that my picket-post, consisting of 10 men and corporal was attacked at 4 o'clock on the 23rd of April on Taylor's Ridge, 7 miles south of Ringgold, known as Nickajack trail.

The enemy charged on us with superior numbers and forced us to fall back, after resisting them a short time. We then retreated to our horses at the oft of the ridge, and finding we were nearly surrounded we retreated along the foot of the ridge, and with much difficulty escaped.

My loss was:*

Your obedient servant,

ROBERT J. HINE,

Sergeant Company E, Ninety-second Illinois.

EXHIBIT B.

IN CAMP AT RINGGOLD, GA.,

April 23, 1864.

Lieutenant I. C. LAWVER,

Adjutant:

ADJUTANT: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report that at picket-post Numbers 3, on the morning of the 21st, I relieved Sergeant Pettit and his men. The following instructions I received from him: Keep 6 men and 1 non-commissioned officer on duty on the ridge, during the daytime; in the evening, after dark, have the men from

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

