
George A. Springer, private Company E; John Craddock, private Company E; George E. Marl, private Company F, and William H. Reynolds, private Company I, all made the same or similar statements in regard to themselves.

Private William A. Hills, Company K, was found dead, about 1 mile from the post where he had been standing picket during the night. A lady living near by stated that she saw him pursued and overtake by rebel cavalry near her house; that he immediately gave him gun to one of them, who there up shot him, killing him instantly.

I noticed in two cases that the clothing had taken fire from the discharge of the guns, thereby showing that they must have been within a very few feet of the persons who shot them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON HELM,

Surg. 92nd Ill. Vols., and Acting Surg. 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Cav. Div.

EXHIBIT D.
HDQRS. COMPANY B, NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLS.

I hereby certify that I have this day conversed with William Castanach, private Company B, of said regiment, in relation to the circumstances connected with the wounds which he this day received while a prisoner in the hands of rebels, near Nickajack Trace, Ga., and that to the following questions I received from him the following answers:

Question. William, do you remember how you got hurt?

Answer. They shot me.

Question. What was you doing when they shot you?

Answer. I was running along.

Question. Did they make you double-quick?

Answer. More than that; they made us run.

Question. What did they say to you before they shot you?

Answer. "Move up there, or I will shoot you."

Question. What next?

Answer. Then they shot me.

Question. Was you walking when they shot you?

Answer. No; I was on a kind of a trot; I could not run any more.

Question. What did you do when they shot you?

Answer. I fell in the corner of the fence.

Question. Did they shoot you more than once?

Answer. Yes; they shot me twice.

Question. Do you know who shot you?

Answer. He was a lieutenant; I heard them call him lieutenant.

MILES B. LIGHT,Second Lieutenant Co. B, Ninety-second Illinois Vols.

EXHIBIT E.

Affidavits of Abram B. Sickler Frederick W. Steuben, and William N. Irvine:

We, Abram B. Sickler, Frederick W. Steuben, and William N. Irvine, privates of Company H, Ninety-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers Infantry (mounted), Third Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland, do most solemnly and sincerely declare and affirm that while on picket at Nickajack Trace, on the morning of April 23, A. D. 1864, a rebel force attacked our post in superior numbers; that they killed and captured over half our number, and

