
that after our pickets had surrendered we saw an officer of the army of the C. S. A. shoot Private R. J. A. O'Conner, of Company B, Ninety-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry (mounted), after he had surrendered himself as a prisoner of war.

ABRAM B. SICKLER,

FREDERICK W. STEUBEN.

WILLIAM N. IRVINE.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 24th day of April, A. D. 1864, at Ringgold, Ga.

I. C. LAWVER,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Ninety-second Illinois Vols.

EXHIBIT F.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILL. VOL. MOUNTED INFANTRY,Ringgold, Ga., April 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of killed and wounded of this regiment, the result of the fight at and near Nickajack Trace this morning:

In company with Surgeon Helm, of this regiment, acting brigade surgeon, I arrived on the ground between 8 and 9 o'clock, and found the following soldiers killed:*

I know of no fact connected with the death of McKeel, Downs, or Gifford that calls for special mention. Downs fell while fighting, but whether the other two were first overpowered and then murdered I cannot learn.

A lady residing near where the body of Hills was found states that she saw him deliver his gun and surrender himself to a rebel soldier. The men to whom he surrendered then pointed his gun at the breast of Hills and shot him. His coat bears the marks of burnt powder.

The following were found wounded:* Of these, 6 are fatally wounded, 1 (Butler) is dangerously wounded, 1 (Craddock) has a severe but not a dangerous wound on the hip. Butler was probably struck with the butt of a gun, but under what circumstances I cannot learn, as he is totally insensible. Rhodes states that he was first wounded in the fight leg, fracturing both bones, and while seeking a place to lie down he was again shot, the ball passing through the thigh, fracturing the bone.

O'Conner, Castanach, Springer, Craddock, Marl, and Reynolds were all in the hands of the enemy, and without any attempts on their part to escape they were shot down.

A lady, at whose house I found O'Conner, stated to me that she saw a rebel soldier discharge his pistol at one of the prisoners, and going to the place found this soldier. O'Conner makes a statement to the same effect. The pretext for the act was that he did not march as fast as the rebels desired.

A citizen saw a rebel officer-a captain, he thinks-shoot Castanach. He was told by his captors to march faster, and with this command was shot in the right side, inflicting a severe wound; this was followed in a few minutes by another pistol shot, which passed through his left lung.

Springer states that he was double-quicked about one-fourth of a mile; then, being unable to travel as fast as his captors desired, was

---------------

*Nominal lists (omitted) show 4 killed and 8 wounded.

---------------

