
shot trough lungs. There is a large hole in this man's blouse, burnt by the powder of the pistol. Craddock and Marl were wounded under circumstances similar to the above.

Reynolds states that after he was taken a rebel lieutenant ordered him to take his boots off, which he proceed to do, and while in the act the lieutenant shot him through the bowels.

Of the killed and wounded, 2 had not surrendered when shot; 7 were killed or wounded wile in the hands of the enemy, prisoners of war; 3 I cannot learn the history sufficiently definitely to give an opinion how or where they were injured.

It is hardly necessary to say that the dead and dying were robbed of all their money and other valuables.

Your obedient servant,

THOMAS WINSTON,

Assistant Surgeon, Ninety-second Ill. Vols., in Charge.

Lieutenant I. C. LAWVER,

Adjutant Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry.

APRIL 24, 1864.-Affair near Decatur, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

DECATUR, ALA., April 24, 1864.

The rebels still hold the Somerville road. About 100 drove in Major Kuhn's scouts nearly to his camp at sundown, but were in turn driven back. One man of Kuhn's command severely wounded. All quiet on the other roads. the pickets are found on all the roads as before. A deserter came in from the Sixteenth Alabama. Says he was courier for Johnson. Gives the force as follows: Johnson, Williams, and Jackson, with six pieces of artillery, on the Courtland road; Patterson's regiment on the Moulton road; Pickett and Nixon east of the Moulton road, and Ashford's regiment in squads at various points. Says Clanton left for Tuscaloosa three days ago, and Moreland went to Mississippi. Says that Roddey is not there, and has not been in the valley. Estimates their whole force at 3,000, all told. Says that Stevart's battalion went south.

This is the most minute and circumstantial account I have yet had, and is important if true. A citizen came in this evening and says that Roddey is at Danville with 4,000 men.

[JAMES C. VEATCH.]

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Athens.

APRIL 24-25, 1864.-Scout from Ringgold to La Fayette, Ga.

Report of Colonel Charles C. Smith, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., April 25, 1864.

SIR: At 3 p. m., April 24, with 430 men of Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, I left this place and proceeded via Leet's Mill to La Fayette

