
The scout Hulse came in this morning. Says Roddey is at Sims' Mills, on Moulton and Danville road. Clanton at Somerville. Says a private from Lee's command came home and reports Lee in Tuscumbia Valley, advancing to join Roddey.

Armstrong has been to Flint and returned. Examination satisfactory. Have ordered my supply train to Athens as directed.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Let Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens.

APRIL 27, 1864.-Attack on Union pickets on Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, Ga.

Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.

RINGGOLD, GA., April 28, 1864.

The enemy attacked our pickets on Taylor's Ridge last night. They succeeded in getting between the outpost and reserve of the second post from camp on old Alabama road, and attacked the outpost but did not succeed in capturing any of them. They captured 5 out of 7 of the horses that were on the outpost. All quiet on the line.

Respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS, A. A. G.

APRIL 27, 1864.-Skirmish on Troublesome Creek, Ky.

Report of Colonel John M. Brown, Forty-fifth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Colonel L. M. Clark, commanding Forty-fifth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, at Irvine, reports by courier that Captain Adams with four companies of Forty-fifth Kentucky overtook a rebel force near the mouth of Troublesome Creek, in Breathitt prisoners, together with 24 horses and 28 stand of arms. Lieutenant-Colonel Clark indorsee the report as reliable and accurate.

Lieutenant-Colonel Clark has also unofficial information that Captain Adams with his force, after the fight above mentioned, pursued Peter Everett and Weed Gay, who fled with 65 men. Adams ran them down, killed Gay, and captured 35 men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. MASON BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain J. S. BUTLER, A. A. G.

