
APRIL 29, 1864.-Reconnaissance from Ringgold toward Tunnel Hill, Ga.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.-Captain Edward W. Ward, Third Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General William Y. C. Humes, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., April 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I sent a detachment of 75 men under Captain Ward, Third Kentucky Cavalry, at daylight this morning, through Nickajack Gap, and accompanied another detachment of 500 men under Colonel Murray through Hooker's Gap, en route to Tunnel Hill, with the intention of surprising a Tennessee regiment encamped 1 1/2 miles this side of that point. Brigadier-General Baird sent three regiments of infantry and a section of artillery to support the detachment if necessary.

Colonel Murray reached and drove in the enemy's outposts at daylight and pushed rapidly forward, but owing to the great number and character of the obstacles found in the road, the enemy had sufficient time to make all necessary preparations to resist his attack.

After a spirited skirmish, Colonel Murray quietly returned toward Stone Church. The enemy followed, cautiously at first, but on emerging into the open fields about 1 mile beyond the church, and seeing our small force, he became suddenly very bold and rushed on with his whole force, shouting the firings as he came. Colonel Murray faced about, and with the assistance of a regiment of infantry handsomely repulsed the attack and drove the enemy back, through and over the hills into the field and woods beyond, a distance of 2 miles.

Colonel Murray left his camp at 2.30 a. m. and returned at this 10 a. m., having lost 2 men killed and 9 wounded.

The enemy did not show at any one time over 1,500 or 2,000 men. So far as I was able to learn there are two Tennessee regiment encamped about 1 1/2 miles this side Tunnel Hill. On the road to Hooker's Gap, three other Tennessee regiments are encamped near to the hill on the road to Cleveland. Major-General Wheeler and Brigadier-Generals Humes, Kelly, and Allen are in command of the cavalry, and their commands are all encamped near Tunnel Hill.

Captain Ward, who passed throng Nickajack Gap, reports that he found nothing of the enemy till he had reached a point 2 1/2 miles beyond the gap, on the route to Tunnel Hill. Here he found a strong picket and camp beyond, and reports having heard drums and the long roll beaten.

---------------

*See also General Thomas' report, p. 19.

---------------

