
APRIL 30-MAY 9, 1864.-Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., to Ripley, Miss., and skirmish (May 2) at Bolivar, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Tennessee.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3.-Itinerary of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Major P. Jones Yorke, Second New Jersey Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety- fifth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 4, 1864.

GENERAL: On the afternoon of the 2nd instant the advance of Sturgis' cavalry, 700 strong, under Lieutenant-Colonel Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, encountered a brigade of Forrest's cavalry near Bolivar, on the south side of Hatchie. The enemy were from 800 to 1,000 strong. After a severe fight of two hours the enemy retreated across the Hatchie, destroying the brigade. They retreated through Bolivar in a southeast direction. General Sturgis fears that Forrest has retreated between the Hatchie and Tennessee Rivers. He hears that the cars are running to Corinth, and that a part of General Polk's forces are below Corinth.

Our losses in the action were 2 killed and 10 wounded. My latest information from General Sturgis is to 7.30 o'clock yesterday morning, whence was 16 miles west of Bolivar but expected to have a large part of his cavalry force up to Bolivar by 12 o'clock yesterday. The heavy rains had so swollen the creeks as to greatly retard his movements.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT, Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 6, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 30th ultimo I sent from here 3,300 cavalry and 2,000 infantry in pursuit of Forrest, under General Sturgis.

On the day following Forrest left Jackson, Tenn., in force, retreating south. My advance met a brigade of his in the afternoon of the 2nd near Bolivar, and after a sharp engagement of two hours drove them from their entrenchments with considerable loss. They retreated across the Hatchie, destroying the bridge behind them.

Our loss, 2 killed, 10 wounded.

Forrest with his whole force encamped on night of 2nd at Purdy, and continued his retreat the day following toward Pocahontas. He crossed the Hatchief at Pocahontas on the 4th, and Sturgis was in hot pursuit. A co-operating force which I expected from Bethel to be at Purdy on the night of 30th failed me or I should have capt-

