
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 13, 1864.

GENERAL: My little campaign is over, and, I regret to say, Forrest is still at large. He did not come to West Tennessee for the purpose of fighting, unless it might so happen that he could fall upon some little party or defenseless place, and being well mounted and having, of course, every facility for gaining information of our movements it is idle to follow him except with an equal force of cavalry, which we have not in that part of the country. I say except with an equal force of cavalry, but even then he has so many advantages and is so disposed to run that I feel that all that could be done in any case would be to drive him out, unless, indeed, he might be trapped, as would certainly, I think, have been the case had a force been sent to co-operate with mine at Purdy.

I regret very much that I could not have the pleasure of bringing you his hair, but he is too great a plunderer to fight anything line an equal force, and we have to be satisfied with driving him from the State. He may turn on your communications and I rather think he will, but see no way to prevent it from this point and with this force.

I inclose you a copy of my report to General Washburn.

When at Nashville I intimated that it was important I should be at Covington, Ky., for a short time, and I will repair to that point and await you instructions, unless I hear of your moving in the mean time and see an opening where I might be useful.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn., Comdg Division of the Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN THE FIELD,Memphis, Tenn., May 12, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command, consisting of Colonel George E. Waring's cavalry division, 3,000 strong, with six pieces of artillery and four mountain howitzers; Colonel W. L. McMillen's infantry brigade, 2,000 strong, with six pieces of artillery; and Colonel Harris' infantry brigade, 1,400 strong with four pieces of artillery.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters District of West Tennessee, issued April 29, the Cavalry Division (excepting the Fourth Regiment Iowa Cavalry) and the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry moved early on the morning of the 30th ultimo in the direction of Somerville, while Colonel McMillen's brigade, provided with a pontoon bridge, were transported by railroad to Grissom's Station, where it would be joined by the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, with instructions to cross the Wolf River there and join the cavalry at Somerville. Owing to the heavy rains the roads were in very bad condition, and the delays occasioned in constructing and repairing bridges rendered it impossible for the cavalry column to move beyond Raleigh, 15 miles from Memphis.

Early the next morning (May 1) the march was resumed, and the wagons used for the transportation of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry ordered to report at Memphis, under a cavalry escort from the halt made during the day, 15 miles east of Raleigh.

This column encamped for the night 23 miles east of Raleigh, and entered Somerville Monday morning, the 2nd instant, at 11 a. m.,

