
after leaving Huntingdon I was overtaken by a messenger who stated that there was at McLemoresville and vicinity 1,000 rebels. This must be a concentration of Newsom's men with those previously near Trezevant.

A Colonel Hawkins, from near Nashville, passed Lexington going toward Jackson about three days since, and from all south of Huntingdon there seems to be a general movement in that way, and it is certain that none of Newsom's men went out and that his headquarters were on the 10th at Jackson. When I left Union City I had 262 men. I now have 364, and think with force sufficient to hold the country I could recruit a regiment in a short time. I much need arms, clothing, horses, and horse equipments. I would respectfully suggest that the establishment of a post at Trenton at the earliest practicable moment would be attended by the best of results. A large number, say 70, conscripts have reported to me, and asked to be paroled, in some few cases bringing arms and horses.

It will be totally impracticable for Lieutenant Campbell to reach his regiment by way of Lexington, and he will this day report to Colonel Mills, at Paris, Tenn.

I have the honor, general, to be your obedient servant,

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Tennessee Cavalry.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Third Division, Sixteenth Corps.

JANUARY 11-12, 1864.-Expedition from Maryville up the Little Tennessee River, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY,Maryville, Tenn., January 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following in regard to a late expedition from my command up the Little Tennessee River, in which I broke up a nest of guerrillas composed of absentees, deserters, and paroled soldiers of the rebel army, and rebel citizens who had been stealing stock and goods from the loyal citizens of Blount and Monroe Counties, and taking the same to North Carolina to sell them. Their force was variously estimated from 50 to 200 strong, camped on both sides of the Tennessee River, at a place known as Chilhowee, 24 miles from this place. I left camp with 100 men on the 11th instant at 3 p.m., and stopped at night at the Harrison Ford, 8 miles from their camp, until next morning, when at early dawn I attempted to throw half my force across the river, which was nearly swimming for a horse all of the way across; current swift, and much mush ice running. Here I lost First Sergt. Bernhard Kraft, Company K, and his horse by drowning, and came near losing more. I was only able to get 28 men across on the best horses. We then moved up the river, on either side, in concert, as fast as the blockaded roads would admit, scattering their pickets and charging into

