
encamped the Lamar road. The troops being exhausted from long and fatiguing marches, and the horses much jaded and broken down, I did not move on Sunday, the 8th instant, but allowed both men and animals to rest.

Receiving the dispatch of the major-general commanding the same afternoon to return to Moscow, and informing me that trains would be there to receive the infantry, I moved the command to Grissom's Station the next day (9th instant), where the greater portion of the infantry was embarked on the cars and arrived at Memphis on Monday, the 10th instant, while instructions were given Colonel Waring, commanding the cavalry, to return to Memphis with his division and to escort the wagon train and artillery.

Though it is desirable to have chronicled a defeat and rout of the enemy, the results of the expedition are the same; his forces were divided and compelled to abandon a section of country he had so long occupied. His thorough knowledge of the county, and the advantage in having good [horses], together with the sympathies of the people in giving him information of our movements, enabled him to beat a rapid retreat to Mississippi, into which State he was pursued for 30 miles, and the chase only then given up when the poverty and barrenness of the county to subsist an army unprovided for a regular campaign made it necessary. The plan of campaign suggested by Major-General Washburn was based in a measure upon the idea of a co-operating force at Purdy, and had that force been in position it would have closed the only door by which Forrest's command could possibly have escaped, and I believe would have resulted in its capture or destruction.

I avail myself of this opportunity to thank the general commanding the district for the promptness with which everything in his power was furnished me to render the expedition successful.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

Major WILLIAM H. MORGAN, A. A. G.

Numbers 3. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.*

April 30, the mounted part of this brigade, under Colonel Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, marched out the Randolph road to Raleigh; 17 miles.

May 1, on the march. The brigade, under command of Colonel Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, Colonel Waring in command of the Cavalry Division, left Raleigh, Tenn., and marched to Oakland; 22 miles.

May 2, marched from Oakland to Bolivar; 32 miles. Engaged Forrest, commanding superior forces in person; beat him. The brigade lost 2 killed and 5 wounded; enemy lost 7 dead and 20 wounded, including 4 officers.

May 5, marched from Bolivar to near Ripley, Miss.; 35 miles.

---------------

*From returns for April and May, 1864.

---------------

