
May 6, marched on the Ruckersville road; 8 miles.

May 7, marched to beyond Salem, Miss.; 16 miles.

May 9, marched to Grissom's Bridge; 18 miles.

May 10, marched to Germanstown, Tenn.; 15 miles.

May 11, marched to White's Station, Tenn.; 5 miles. Colonel Waring assumed command. The camp was moved from Fort Pickering to White's Station. Remained in camp during the rest of the month, sending large and small parties out to the east and southeast.

May 22, one scouting party of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry was attacked by a large party of rebels while passing over very broken ground, near Mount Pleasant, Miss.; lost 8 killed and 4 wounded and prisoners.

Numbers 4. Report of Major P. Jones Yorke, Second New Jersey Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,White's Station, Tenn., May 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 30th of April a force under the command of Brigadier-General Sturgis left Memphis in pursuit of General Forrest.

On the 2nd of May were reached Somerville, Tenn., and halted. It being ascertained that a force of the enemy held the town of Bolivar, on the Hatchie River, a distance of 23 miles from Somerville, Colonel Karge, commanding the First Cavalry Brigade, was sent forward with a force consisting of 200 of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, 400 of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, and a section of guns belonging to the Tenth Missouri Cavalry. Starting at 1.30 p. m., we made a forced and very rapid march, and found the enemy, 800 strong, under command of Major-General Forrest, in position behind strong entrenchments and fortifications, about 1 mile from Bolivar. After a severe engagement of two hours' duration we routed the enemy and drove them from their entrenchments and through the town, and but for the lateness of the hour (it being after 8 p. m.) and our utter ignorance of the county through which the enemy retreated, would have captured or destroyed the entire force.

The loss of our regiment in this action was 2 killed, 5 wounded, and 20 horses killed and wounded.

The names of the killed are: Orderly Sergt. E. E. Cooper, Company F, and Private George Schweitzer, Company H. The 5 wounded are: Frank Malone, Company A; Oscar Rudolph, Company A; Michael McSorley, Company F; Martin Pirman, Company F; John Egan, Company H.

The regiment behaved nobly, and especially I would mention Company E, under command of Lieutenant Lewis Rainer, who opened and took the brunt of the action.

I am happy to say that the Second New Jersey Cavalry enjoys the best reputation, and the esteem not only of the commanding general, but all the troops in this department.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JONES YORKE,

Major, Commanding.

General ROBERT E. STOCKTON,

Adjutant-General, State of New Jersey.

