
as brigadier-general, and respectfully ask that you indorse the recommendation as a reward for what Colonel Palmer has done and as an incentive to other officers to imitate his example.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General U. S. GRANT.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of the Ohio.

DANDRIDGE, January 15, 1864.

I have just word from Colonel Palmer, belonging to General Ellitt's command, and whom I had sent after a party 300 strong, under command of General Vance, a brother of the Governor of the Governor of North Carolina, that he overtook them on Cosby Creek, 23 miles from Sevierville, at 3 p.m. on the 14th instant. They had rested to feed their animals, and were about to take the road to Newport when he charged them, routing their entire command. He captured 52 prisoners, including General Vance, his adjutant-general, and inspector-general; also about 150 saddle-horses and over 100 stand of arms, besides destroying a large number of arms on the road. He also captured a fine ambulance filled with medical stores and provisions the rebels had picked up on their retreat from Sevierville. He also recaptured all the wagons and mules, together with the wagon-master and 23 other prisoners that were taken with the trains captured from us near Knoxville.

The Hone Guards are pursuing the dismounted rebels, who fled to the mountains, and many of them will no doubt be captured. The entire command is dispersed, and the rebels not captured will no doubt return to their homes.

The enemy had 2 men wounded. Our loss was nothing. The prisoners are on their way to Knoxville, and the train has been returned to its wagon-master. General Elliott speaks in high terms of Colonel Palmer's operations, and I would recommend him to your special consideration.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Major General J. G. FOSTER.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Dandridge, Tenn., January 15, 1864.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Chief of Cav., Army of the Ohio:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose a report just received from Colonel W. J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Colonel Palmer and command deserve honorable mention for their gallant conduct.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry, D. C.

