
over about 6 miles of territory below the ferry I returned to camp without having seen any of the enemy or even hearing of them. Citizens through the country all tell me that no rebels have been over the river since the raid about Christmas. I found no boats of any description, nor could I find any evidences of crossing at any point. Could learn of only two points of crossing, to with Baldwin's and Hall's Ferries. I would suggest as the only feasible plan at present that a skiff be manned at the bridge and sent down the river. I am satisfied if there are any private ferries, flat-boats, skiffs, or other means of crossing the river they can in this way be discovered; and if, which is possible, although not very probable, the party should be surprised on their way down, if necessary they can abandon the skiff on the west side of the river and escape, and thus accomplish the object of their mission. The river is now very high, and I am of the opinion that no rebels are crossing at all.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES KETNER,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel N. W. SPICER,

Commanding First Kansas.

JANUARY 16-17, 1864.-Operations about Dandridge, Tenn., including skirmishes (16th) at Kimbrough's Cross-Roads and on Bend of Chucky Road, and action (17th) near Dandridge.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland, including operations to January 28.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Smith, Second Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-Major Edward G. Savage, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 9.-Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 10.-Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 11.-Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

January 18, 1864-1 p.m.

I sent you a dispatch yesterday evening from Dandridge that Longstreet was immediately in our front with a large force of infantry.

---------------

*See also Foster's report, pp. 41, 45.

---------------

