
alry was on this occasion engaging the entire force of the enemy's cavalry and three brigades of infantry of Johnson's and Hood's divisions.

The fighting was desperate, our troops charging repeatedly and driving the enemy from his positions, our troops not falling back to the ground held by them in the afternoon until after dark, when the enemy moved up strong lines of pickets close to our lines.

I would respectfully call your attention to the report of Colonel E. M. McCook with reference to the commanding officer of an infantry regiment refusing him assistance at a moment when the exertion and co-operation of every one was needed to avoid a terrible disaster.

Returning from the field after dark, I found the infantry and trains already moving in the direction of Strawberry Plains, and was ordered by Major-General Parke to retire the cavalry on the Dandridge and New Market road, crossing at McKinney's Ford, when the command encamped on the north side of the Holston on the 18th.

I would call your attention to the reports of division commanders herewith inclosed.

The following is a recapitulation of casualties on the 16th and 17th of January: Eight men killed, 3 officers and 55 men wounded, and 17 men missing; total, 83.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland, including operations to January 28.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Fair Garden, Tenn., January 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops of my command on the 16th and 17th near Dandridge, Tenn.:

As yet, I have not received the report of Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding two of the brigade of First Division (First, Colonel A. P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding, and Second, Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding), and of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, Captain Lilly commanding.

On the 16th, I was ordered by General S. D. Sturgis, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Ohio, to march on the Bull's gap road to support Colonel Garrard's Second Division Cavalry, Army of the Ohio. When about 6 miles from Dandridge my command was ordered to march to the support of Colonel Wolford's First Division Cavalry, Army of the Ohio, engaged with the enemy on the Chucky Bend road. It being impracticable from the condition of the field and by roads to march directly across, my

6 R R-VOL XXXII, PT I

