HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., February 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of reports of Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Division, and Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, of the affair near Dandridge, Tenn., on the 16th and 17th ultimo, which could not be obtained in time to forward with my report to Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, of the 22nd ultimo-a copy of which was forwarded to you on the 2nd instant. I also inclose herewith copies of reports of Colonel E. M. McCook, commanding First Division; Colonel A. P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade; Colonel O. H. La Grange, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, and of Captain Eli Lilly, Eighteenth Indiana Battery, attached to the cavalry command, of the actions with Martin's two divisions of cavalry on the 27th and 28th ultimo, near Fair Garden, Tenn. The services rendered by these troops justly entitles them to be regarded as cavalry, and every effort should be made to keep them well mounted and equipped.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, and Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier General WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Reports of Colonel Edward M. C McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Maryville, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the report of Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry,* commanding the Second Brigade of my division in the action near Dandridge, Tenn., January 17, 1864, together with detailed lists of the casualties:

The First Brigade, Colonel A. P. Campbell commanding, was encamped on the Mossy Creek road when the engagement commenced, and was removed from its position and placed in line on the left of the Morristown road connecting with the left of Colonel La Grange's line, but was at no time engaged.

The report of Colonel La Grange is sufficiently comprehensive to furnish statement of the positions and incidents of the action, and I have nothing to add to it but my expression of admiration for the determination and great courage of the officers and men of the Second Brigade, which enabled them, acting as dismounted cavalry, encumbered with their led animals, to successfully repulse, in a wooded position, largely superior numbers of the flower of the enemy's infantry.

---------------

*See p. 90.

---------------

