
I have to note among the casualties of the day the severe and dangerous wounding of Captain W. W. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, who fell while leading his men in a desperate hand-to-hand fight. He was a young officer of distinguished bravery and great promise.

The prisoners taken on this occasion represented the different regiments of the Hampton Legion, Longstreet's corps. I retained possession of the wooded eminence, which was the object of the afternoon's fight, until 11 p.m., when, in accordance with orders from General Elliott, I retired with my command over the Mossy Creek and New Market road, bringing off all my transportation, wounded, and killed. It is the first time that my division has been engaged in a hand-to-hand conflict with the enemy's infantry, and the result gives me increased confidence in their ability to sustain themselves under any circumstances against any force.

I called upon the officer commanding a regiment of infantry on picket in the rear of where we were fighting to assist us by placing his men in the position on our left afterward occupied by my first brigade. His response was that "he was placed there on picket and had no orders." He did not give us the assistance desired. Part of Colonel Cameron's infantry brigade came up to our support between 8 and 9 o'clock, after all was quiet, but were not engaged and were withdrawn before the cavalry. Our casualties as shown by the lists inclosed were: Two men killed, 3 officers and 26 men wounded, and 17 men missing; aggregate killed, wounded, and missing, 48. The enemy's loss far exceeded ours and must have been very heavy as their advances were made in solid heavy columns, exposed for a long time to the deliberate fire of our men-their colors fell three times.

We captured 21 prisoners, and the enemy reported to citizens in Dandridge that their total loss was 340.

I also transmit list of casualties* in the affair of January 16, near Dandridge.

I am, captain, your very obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel Second Indiana Cavalry, Commanding Division.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

DANDRIDGE, TENN.,

January 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of to-day of the First Cavalry Division. During the illness of Colonel McCook I assumed command of the division, and in obedience to orders from the general commanding moved my command, with Colonel O. H. La Grange's (Second) brigade in advance, on the Morristown road to support Colonel Garrard, commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio. After I had proceeded about 5

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

