
miles in the direction of Kimbrough's Cross-Roads, I received a dispatch from Colonel Garrard stating that he ad come in contact with a large force of the enemy, and was being driven back. I immediately commenced forming my command in order to receive the enemy and cover the retreat of Colonel Garrard, when I was ordered by the general commanding to withdraw my command from the Morristown road [and] hasten to the support of Colonel Wolford on the Chucky road. Colonel Jordan, commanding First Brigade, being in rear of Colonel La Grange's brigade, was hurried back in the direction of Dandridge until he arrived at a road communicating with the Chucky road from the Morristown road. Upon his arrival at this point, about 1 1/2 miles from Dandridge, it was found that the enemy had driven Wolford's division back in disorder nearly to Fain's Factory, within 1 mile of Dandridge, and that the command was cut off from Danridge, by the right of the enemy's line. Colonel Jordan immediately disposed of his brigade, and placed in position one section of Captain Lilly's Eighteenth Indiana Battery and attacked the enemy vigorously on the flank, and by the time the Second Brigade got into position cleared the Dandridge road and established communications with Colonel Wolford again. The entire command now moved forward under a heavy fire from the enemy, who had secured a strong position on a wooded hill, and Colonels La Grange and Jordan, leading in person their dismounted men, cleared the hill at a charge, driving the enemy full a mile and completely turning his right flank. Colonel Wolford's command on the Chucky road not advancing, and night setting in, and my orders being in the outset merely to establish communications with Colonel Wolford and maintain my position, it was deemed imprudent to further expose my right flank by lengthening the gap between my advancing line and that of Colonel Wolford's, who was not advancing.

To Colonels Jordan and La Grange I am under many obligations for the consummate skill displayed in managing their commands and the example set to their men.

I am also indebted to the members of Colonel McCook's (division) staff for their activity and energy during the engagement.

For list of casualties and a more detailed account of the operations I forward herewith the reports of brigade commanders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

List of casualties of the First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, in the engagement of January 16, 1864, near Dandridge, Tenn.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Total.

First Brigade a	 1	 4	 5

Second Brigade b	 1	 1	 2

Aggregate	 2	 5	 7

a All enlisted men of the Ninth Pennsylvania.

b One man killed of the Fourth Indiana and 1 wounded of the First Wisconsin.

