
Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Cleveland, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On account of the retreat from Dandridge, Tenn., and my subsequent illness, no report has heretofore been made from this brigade of the action of the 16th of January. I now beg leave, as I was in command of the brigade that day, to make the following report:

On the morning of the 16th of January, 1864, the First Division of Cavalry, Army of the Ohio, under the command of Colonel F. Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, was ordered to feel the enemy and make a reconnaissance on the Chucky Bend road. At 1 p.m. the First Division of Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, commanded by Colonel A. P. Campbell, with Lilly's battery (Eighteenth Indiana), was ordered to march to the flank of the enemy, on the Morristown road. After marching some 5 miles it became evident from the firing that the enemy was fast driving Colonel Wolford back toward Dandridge. By order of Colonel Campbell the division was moved back toward Dandridge to support Colonel Wolford, each regiment countermarching, thus throwing the Second Regiment Michigan Cavalry to the front, followed by the battery, and it by the Ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry. When within 2 miles of Dandridge the head of the column was moved on a road to the left toward the Chucky Bend road. We had not proceeded more than half a mile in this direction when I came up with Colonel Wolford's division in full retreat, galloping away from the enemy, leaving my flank entirely exposed. I at once ordered Lieutenant Colonel Benj. Smith, commanding the Second Michigan Cavalry, to dismount his men, move to the brow of the hill, and hold the enemy in check, if possible, till the remainder of the brigade could be brought to his assistance. I at once ordered the battery to be brought forward and placed in position, and the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major E. G. Savage commanding, to form on the left of the Second Michigan. While these formations were being made the Second Michigan Cavalry was hotly engaged, and, though outnumbered five to one, by steady, unflinching bravery held the enemy, though flushed with their victory over Wolford, in check. For some reason the artillery did not come promptly into action (it is said that something had broken in their harness), but by the time that the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry was properly in position it came up. I at once ordered it onto a hill immediately in our rear, and in a few moments it opened with such effect as to silence the battery of the enemy. As the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry came into line it was exposed to a gallant fire from the enemy, occupying a dense woods within 200 yards of its front, and 2 men wounded at the first discharge of the enemy. I at once ordered the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry to advance and drive the enemy from their cover. By this time the whole line was formed, with the Second Indiana to the left of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and advanced under a most galling fire, but, nothing daunted, our men pushed forward, and in five minutes the enemy began to retire, but still keeping up a steady fire, which they maintained till driven from the woods, when they re-

