
Lilly's battery, a distance of 4 miles from camp, when the column halted, and immediately after orders reached me to countermarch the regiment and march in rear of Second Michigan Cavalry and section of Eighteenth Indiana Battery; when about 2 miles from town column moved on road running to the left of main road. The regiment was ordered to form line of battle to the right of former road, and move forward to the top of the hill. Companies G and I were ordered to the left and Company H to the right as skirmishers. Immediately after the regiment was ordered to dismount and fight on foot. The order being promptly obeyed, the line of skirmishers advanced and took position in a corn-field in front of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry. The enemy being posted in the woods, opened a brisk fire. Received orders to move by the left flank, and while moving toward the woods on our left Sergeant Beighell and Private Wallace, of Company M, were wounded. After a sharp skirmish of one hour or more with the enemy the skirmishers were ordered to move forward, which they did, dislodging the enemy and driving them a distance of half a mile or more. In the action the regiment sustained the following loss: One killed, 4 wounded. (1 mortally, since died.)

Respectfully reports.

* * * * *

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. G. SAVAGE,

Major, Commanding Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant THOMAS A. NICHOLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Dandridge, East Tenn., January 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant the Second Brigade moved forward in advance of the First Division to a point 6 miles northeast from Dandridge on the Morristown road, for the purpose of supporting Colonel Wolford's division, then engaged with the enemy. Colonel Wolford's right having been driven back almost to the town, the command was ordered to return by the same road, and engaged the enemy on the right of the Morristown road and assisted the other troops of the cavalry command in driving back the enemy, who was at one time considerably confused by a vigorous advance of battalions of the Second and Fourth Indiana, and it was thought that his artillery might have been captured had instructions permitted the bringing forward of proper supports for those battalions. Our loss was 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded; several horses were also killed. Enemy's loss unknown.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

