
no undeserved compliments in saying that the charge of Lieutenant-Colonel [Major] Lesslie of the Fourth and Captain Edwards of the Second could not have been bettered; that Major Purdy of the Fourth handled his dismounted men splendidly, and that Major Torrey, by the masterly manner in which he extricated himself from the dangerous position in which my culpable haste had placed him, gained new honors for himself and regiment. Lieutenant Moulton, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, who had his horse killed under him, and Captain Robinson, acting assistant inspector-general, who was constantly in the thickest of the fight, deserve special mention for their gallantry. Brigade Surgeon Carrick was very prompt and efficient in attending our wounded. Captain W. W. La Grange First Wisconsin, fell with a dangerous (probably mortal) wound while gallantly charging at the head of his company near the crest of the hill.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division, D. C.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Knoxville, Tenn., January 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report in relation to the operations of my division on the 17th instant that the attack of the enemy was made at first considerably to my left. I formed my command at the forks of the road about 1 1/2 miles west of Dandridge, the First Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Adams commanding, upon the right of Colonel Garrard's command, the Second Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Bond commanding, upon Lieutenant-Colonel Adams' right, with his (Lieutenant-Colonel Bond's) right resting upon the river; all in good position.

The enemy advanced in considerable numbers upon a regiment of infantry (Ninety-third Ohio) which had deployed as skirmishers in my front. After a sharp contest they were driven in and pursued with great fury. I re-enforced the infantry with a part of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry (dismounted). They were not able to resist the fury of the attack, and fell back through a piece of woods in good order. I then advanced my whole line to meet the enemy and repulsed him, driving him back into the woods, when night came on. After dark I ordered my command to move up under the brow of the hill near the woods, and lie down. In about one hour the enemy lit their camp-fires. After he had collected around his fires I ordered a volley from the whole line, and drove him from his camp. He fell back from our front to where he had originally formed in the evening. After placing a heavy skirmish line I permitted the command to return to camp.

The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded was considerable,

