
but I do not know the number. Our loss was very trifling, for after dark the enemy did not return our fire. Three wounded covered all our casualties.

The officers and men of my command behaved with great gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WOLFORD,

Colonel, Commanding First Division.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,January 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 2 o'clock p.m. on the 17th instant, having been ordered to hold my command in readiness to move, I formed it in line on the brow of the bank of the creek, 1 1/2 miles out from Dandridge, on the left of the Bend of the Chucky road, my right communicating with Colonel Wolford's command and my left with Colonel McCook's command. Across the creek, and out about a quarter of a mile, was the reserve of the infantry picket post. The infantry was, I believe, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, Colonel Moore.

In front of my First Brigade on the right was open fields. In front of the Second Brigade was heavy woods extending to the top of the large hill, or rather double hill, which extended all the way across our front. From the Morristown road to the Bend of Chucky road in front, and to the right of my position, was a heavy forest on a plain, or rather level ground. At the front edge of this forest a scattering picket-firing had continued for an hour, when a heavy and sustained firing began on the extreme left of the front near the Morristown road. The Second Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, dismounted and pushed forward rapidly, taking position on the right of the forces engaged. They charged at once, and the rebel force fell back and were driven out of the woods and from the left half of the big hill. The rebels kept the right slope of the hill, and had a battery near the base of it, which commanded our position on the creek.

A portion of the rebel force moved over from the hill to the woods on the right of the road, and drove our forces out of the woods and reached a position from which they attacked the infantry line to great advantage. They placed one or two guns in position at the edge of the woods. A few shots from my guns silenced them.

I now ordered the Second Brigade back to the first position on the bank overlooking the creek. The infantry fell back and formed on my right. Colonel Moore reported to me that he had but 10 rounds of ammunition. I ordered him to fall back toward Dandridge. It was now night, but the moonlight enabled us to see that the enemy were establishing their lines opposite to ours, and moving bodies of

