
troops in our vicinity; and the sounds indicated that they were occupying the hill in front of us in considerable force. One of their bodies of troops, marching near us in the woods, drew the fire of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry; after that their movements were made beyond our sight. About 9 o'clock I received orders to march, leaving pickets. Captain Warren, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, was ordered to take command of all the picket details from the cavalry. He could find none on the front occupied by General Elliott's command. With the pickets, which he withdrew at daylight, he formed the extreme rear guard. The enemy overtook rear guard a mile or two from Dandridge, and skirmished with it during the day. There was no loss of the rear guard.

The losses of my command were 3 killed and 12 wounded in the Second Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Butler; 1 artilleryman killed by accident by our own gun, and 2 slightly wounded in the First Brigade.

One regiment (the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry) was over the river guarding the fords opposite and in the rear of the enemy's position. It joined the command the next day at Strawberry Plains, without loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, E. Tenn., January 19, 1864.

SIR: The enemy advanced by Dandridge on the 14th, forcing our cavalry back and aiming to throw us out of position by turning our left.

On the 15th, Hood's and Buckner's divisions were advanced to a position to meet the enemy's move, and at the same time to threaten his base at New Market.

On the 16th, he made an effort to throw his cavalry in rear of ours, but the cavalry came in contact with these divisions of infantry and was driven back in some confusion.

On the 17th, a part of Hood's division was moved down to the enemy's immediate front. The sharpshooters of this division were ordered to advance against the enemy's left flank, and Martin's cavalry (dismounted) were ordered to follow this move, advancing in the enemy's front. The battalions of sharpshooters were closely supported by the main force of the division, the immediate object being to gain a favorable position for future operations. The flank movement was handsomely executed, and it was handsomely followed by the dismounted cavalry. As the infantry had had a good long march before reaching the ground, we only had time to get our position a little after dark. During the night the enemy retired to New Market and to Strawberry Plains, leaving his dead upon the

