
field. The retreat seems to have been made somewhat hastily and not in very good order. We only got some few arms and equipments and a little ammunition. Our infantry was not in condition to pursue, half of our men being without shoes. Our cavalry is almost as badly off for want of clothing, and the horses are without shoes, or nearly half of them. It was sent forward, however, with order to make the effort to distress the enemy, and if possible to drive him from this side of the river. The enemy is much demoralized, and seems to have been in our power again, had it been possible for us to avail ourselves of this opportunity. The weather has been very severe for the past three weeks, and we are now having a snow-storm. Our men suffer a great deal for want of clothing even in their huts, and some few have been severely frosted.

We have been making shoes since we left Knoxville, but with all of our workmen can only make one hundred pairs a day. As our shoes are all old, they wear out faster than we can make them. Most of those that we have made ourselves. If you could order enough to shoe the entire command I think that our order shops will keep us supplied.

I have no report yet of the casualties of the two days' skirmishing, but do not think that they can exceed 150; possibly not half of this.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the adjutant and inspector-general.

On a communication similar to the within, received a few days back from the War Department, a report was made to the effect that the last of the supplies called for for General Longstreet's command were shipped on the 16th instant.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

JANUARY 19, 1864.-Skirmish at Big Springs, near Tazewell, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, commanding District of the Clinch.

Numbers 2.-Captain Jackson Stepp, Sixth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, commanding District of the Clinch.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH,Tazewell, Tenn., January 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report for your information:

This morning about 5 o'clock a party of rebels, numbering about

