
were sent in and declined. Under cover of the depot, the engine-house, and the buildings covering the coal-chutes men were advanced, and each was fired and totally consumed.

The stockade, erected long since, was built with reference to a defense of the store and buildings in the immediate vicinity of the store, and is so located as to afford no protection to the buildings that were burned.

Six men were captured with Captain Upson, all of whom were stripped of overcoats, blankets, and money, and forced to take a parole administered to them under threats of death as the penalty of refusal.

The rebels remained in position until dark, when, fearing re-enforcements form Cowan, by the cars which had been stopped and sent back during the afternoon, they left, resting that night about 7 miles from Tracy City, near the house of David Nunley. They then passed in the direction from which they came (near Altamont) toward White County, where I have reasons to believe a rebel force exceeding 500 can be assembled. During this assault but 3 of Captain Tipton's men could be found. All had fled to places of supposed safety, and are again slowly returning to Tracy City.

Three of the rebel cavalry are known to have been wounded.

The officers and men of the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers there engaged exhibited great coolness and determination to do their whole duty.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. B. WOOSTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Colonel SAMUEL ROSS,

Commanding First Brigade.

Addenda.-At the time of the attack on Tracy City on the 20th instant the force consisted of 2 commissioned officers and 72 enlisted men from the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers and Captain Tipton's cavalry (1 officer, 73 enlisted men) none of which are armed-except some half-dozen with squirrel rifles-none mounted, and none of the slightest service.

At the time of the attack I was at Anderson, and Colonel Sudsburg sent Captain George with a detail of 100 men, who proceeded by railroad to a point near Tracy City, where he threw out a line of skirmishers and advanced to the place, arriving about 3 a.m. on the 21st instant. Finding matters there quiet, he at once returned with his command to Cowan. Colonel Sudsburg then detailed Second Lieutenant Gould and 43 men from the Third Maryland Volunteers to proceed at once to Tracy City to remain until further orders. With this force I proceeded to Tracy City, and disposed of the same in such manner to add materially to the strength of the position. I placed 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 12 men at an important bridge on the railroad about 1 mile from the place. I placed William W. Morse, captain Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, in command of the post in place of Captain Upson, wounded. This addenda is made pursuant to instructions from division headquarters.

WM. B. WOOSTER,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

