
only one wagon per regiment, and some brigades have less. I would respectfully ask that a supply train be sent to the White House at once to the quartermaster and commissary of this corps for supplies; forage gives out to-night, rations to-morrow night. I have one regiment with Austrian rifles, one with Spencer, and one with Sharps carbines,

Respectfully, &amp;c.

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General, Commanding.

Later in the night, being compelled to make other dispositions, I sent this note, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 1, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my line extends from the Woody house across the Bethesda Church road, partially along a rifle-pit occupied by the enemy when I assaulted, the left brigade occupying a line of pits taken from the enemy to-day, making my line like a very obtuse V. On the right, General Martindale is spread out in one thin line without any reserves. The center, by General Brooks, has a partial second line, his Third Brigade forming a second line to General Devens, who is on my extreme left. I have already had the honor to report my necessities and requirements for ammunition, and having now given the present condition of my situation, must leave it for the general commanding to determine as to how long I can hold this line if vigorously attacked, one division being almost entirely out of ammunition, and one brigade of General Brooks having but a small supply on hand. Fearful that the note of mine to General Meade may have miscarried, I again state that I have one regiment armed with Austrian rifles, one with Sharps, and one with Spencer carbines. Ii have not yet been able to ascertain the extent of my loss to-day. I have to request that medical stores be sent to my wounded, as I left before mine had been sent to me.

Respectfully, &c.

WM. F. SMITH

Major-General.

The brigades of General Devens held the pits that night with hardly any ammunition, and Colonel Henry had not enough left to resist a serious attack. About 12.30 p.m. I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 1, 1864-10.05 p.m.

Major-General SMITH:

You will make your disposition to attack to-morrow morning on Major-General Wright's right, and in conjunction with that officer's attack. This attack should be made with your whole force, and as vigorous as possible. You will send orderlies to the telegraph office at General Wright's headquarters and keep me frequently advised of your operations. I have had no report of your operations this afternoon.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.

To which I returned the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 1, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your order for an attack in the morning is received. I have endeavored to represent to you my condition. In the present condition of my line an attack by me would be simply preposterous; not only that, but an attack on the part of the enemy of any vigor would probably carry my lines more than half their length. I have called on General Wright for about 100,000 rounds of ammunition, and have asked it to-night. Deserters report the enemy massing on my right for an attack early in the morning.

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General.

