
reconnoiter there. General Brooks was forming his column when a heavy fire on the right began which brought so sever a cross-fire on Brooks that I at once ordered him not to move his men farther, but keep them sheltered till the cross-fire was over. Going back to the right, I found that Martindale had been suffering severely, and having mistaken firing in front of the Sixth Corps for that of Brooks had determined to make the assault, and that Stannard's brigade had been repulsed in three gallant assaults. The following report was made at that time to General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 3, 1864.

Major-General MEADE.

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Martindale got into so hot a place that he was forced to assault the works without the assistance of the column of General Brooks. The assault was made three times, and each time repulsed. While I was on the front of General Brooks the enfilanding fire of the enemy was so heavy as to force me to give the order to General Brooks not to attempt to advance his column of attack until this fire was slackened. This fire being entirely on my right, I have had nothing but artillery to use against it, and have therefore been unable to silence it. My troops are very much cut up, and I have no hopes of being able to carry the works in my front unless a movement of the Sixth Corps on my left may relieve at least one of my flanks from this galling fire.

Respectfully.

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General, Commanding.

In answer to which I received the following dispatch from the chief of staff of the Army of the Potomac:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 3, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General SMITH,Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

General Wright has been ordered to assault and to continue his attack without reference to your advance, and the commanding general directs that your assault be continued without reference to General Wright had but a very short time before the receipt of your communication, through Major West, reported that he was waiting for your advance to enable him to assault.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

General Devens' command held my right flank, and had been so much cut up in officers and men during the two days previous that I did not deem it in condition to do more than act on the defensive. Of the two brigades of General Martindale's division, General Stannard's had been too much reduced by the assault to be sent in again, and Colonel Stedman's brigade, in addition to having been repulsed, was holding a line that I could not neglect. Of the three brigades of General Brooks' division two had suffered severely during the first advance, and the holding of the ground gained under a terrible cross-fire. There was left of fresh troops only the brigade of General Burnham, which was ordered to the front to form a column of assault, in obedience to the wishes of General Meade. The enemy on my right, having a strong position and no force in their immediate front, was at liberty to play on my advance with a severe flank fire that went through the width of my line and into the right of the Sixth Corps. I did what was possible to silence this fire with artil-

