
lery, but could not prevent it from being very destructive. About 11 o'clock the following note was received from Major-General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 3, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General SMITH:

Your note in reference to artillery ammunition received. General Hunt was and is directed to provide you all the ammunition you require, and additional batteries if you could use them. This order will be reiterated, and I beg you will call and expend as much as your judgment dictates, without regard to General Hunt's strictures. I am sorry to hear Martindale is unable to assault. I have just heard from Warren, who is forcing the enemy back on his right. I have directed him to push forward his left, in order to relieve the attack you are able to make.

Respectfully.

GEO. G. MEADE.

After the reception of the above note, I wrote as follows to General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 3, 1864

General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Please send me two fresh batteries of rifle guns. It will save time and the danger of sending fresh men forward with ammunition. The sharpshooters trouble my batteries very much, and I am obliged to keep my batteries in the same position and at work. My last four regiments that I have got for an assault are now forming for an attack, but I dare not order it till I see more hopes of success to be gained, either by General Warren's attack or otherwise.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General, Commanding.

After this, Colonel Comstock, senior aide to the lieutenant-general was sent to reconnoiter my front and the next order I received was as follows:

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 3, 1864-1.30 p.m.

For the present all further offensive operation will be suspended. Corps commanders will at once intrench the positions they now hold, including their advanced positions, and will cause reconnaissance to be made with a view to moving against the enemy's works by regular approaches from the advanced positions now held. Should the enemy assume the offensive and succeed in breaking through any point in our lines, the corps commanders nearest to the assaulted point will throw their whole force upon the enemy's column making the assault.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The troops were put under cover as rapidly as possible and the front line strengthened. The fight was an artillery affair, and between sharpshooters, was kept up during the day. Toward sunset I received the following order:

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 3, 1864-6.30 p.m.

TO CORPS COMMANDERS:

The commanding general directs you to report the condition of affairs in your front, and what it is practicable to do to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

