
In obedience to it I made this report:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 3, 1864.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reference to the condition of affairs in my front, I would respectfully state that I now hold and have held all that I have gained, and am entrenching myself as rapidly as possible. In reference to what it may be practicable to do to-morrow on my front, I can only saw, that what I failed to do to-day-namely, to carry the enemy's works on my front my columns of assault, is the most practicable point (on my front)-I would hardly dare to recommend as practicable to-morrow with my diminished force. General Ames column is reported quite near here, which will a little more than make good my loss of to-day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General, Commanding.

Toward the close of the day some regiments which had been detained by want of transportation came up to me, and during the night General Ames with his command joined me. General Devens, who had done duty during the 3rd, and carried about on a stretcher, was relieved, on account of his halt, by General Ames. From this time until the night of the 12th the time was spent in making approaches nearer to the works of the enemy, in strengthening our own position, and in artillery and sharpshooting contests. Many valuable officers fell during these days.

Very respectfully.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

CHIEF OF STAFF.

Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 256. Report of Brigadier General Gilman, Marston, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, First Division, of operations June 1-10.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Cold Harbor, Va., June 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of this brigade from the 1st to 10th instant:

Marching from Old Church on the morning of the 1st instant, and arriving near Cold Harbor about 5 p.m., the brigade was immediately formed in columns of division, and in the attack of that evening moved in support of the Second (Burnham's) Brigade.

At dark two regiments, the Ninety-eighth and One hundred and thirty-ninth, were, by order of the brigadier-general commanding the division, sent forward to the assistance of Brigadier-General Devens, and placed on the right, of his line. Subsequently the Eighty-first and Ninety-sixth Regiments were formed on the right of the Ninety-eighth in line of battle, connecting with the line of the Third (Colonel Henry's) Brigade. This position I continued to occupy until sundown son the 2nd instant, when the Ninety-eighth

