
and One hundred and thirty-ninth Regiments having sustained serious losses, were withdrawn, the Eighty-first and Ninety-sixth Regiments remaining there throughout the night. The ground occupied by the brigade on the right of General Devens was most difficult to attain in the night time, it being covered with thick wood and intersected by ravines. It was likewise in close proximity to the rifle-pits of the enemy, from which a murderous fire was kept up on my entire line. The casualties in the brigade while this position was thus held were very large. It rarely happens that any troops are required or can be made to occupy for so long a period a position so exposed, and where no effectual fire can be returned.

About 8 o'clock on the evening of the 2nd instant orders were received to advance on the enemy at 4.30 the next morning. Accordingly, at that hour the brigade was formed for the attack. The Ninety-eighth, Colonel Wead, in line of battle, the Eighty-first, Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston (Colonel De Forest having gone to the rear sick, as he says the day before), the Ninety-sixth, Major Pierce, and the One hundred and thirty-ninth, Lieutenant-Colonel Perry, in columns of division, supported by the Third Brigade, Colonel Henry, and the Second Brigade, General Burnham. The column moved in the above order at about 5 o'clock, and on the left

of the ravine, very soon encountering the fire of the enemy from their rifle-pits in front and formidable earth-works on the right flank. When the march of the column had disclosed the obstacles to be encountered the whole brigade sprang forward with loud cheers, quickly driving the enemy from their rifle-pits in front, the Eighty-first and portions of the other regiments passing over them and into the open space beyond. Here the fire of the rebels concealed in another line of rifle-pits in front and from the inclosed works on the right was too murderous for any troops long to sustain. The ground was swept with canister and rifle-bullets until it was literally covered with the slain. Colonel Wead and Lieutenant-Colonel Perry, both most gallant and accomplished officers, here yielded their lives in the service of their country. Many brave officers of the line also perished in the vain attempt to drive the enemy from their strong position. When it was apparent that further effort would only result in useless slaughter, the men returned, a portion to the partial cover of the embankment from which the enemy had been driven and the rest to the shelter of the wood through which they had advanced. At midnight the brigade was withdrawn to the open ground in rear of the wood through which the advance had been made in the morning with ranks terribly thinned, but with undiminished courage and faith in our ultimate success. No troops could have behaved with more gallantry than the First Brigade in the action of the 3rd instant.

The losses of the brigade in killed, wounded, and missing (and all the missing are believed to be dead) amount to 574, including 23 commissioned officers.

Since the 3rd instant the brigade has in its turn, held the front lines of the division taken from the enemy on that eventful day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILMAN MARSTON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

