
Numbers 257. Report of Captain William Kreutzer, Ninety-eighth New York Infantry, of operations June 1-8.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS.

June 10, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from your headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment since our arrival at this place:

About 4 o'clock on the evening of June 1 our regiment was assigned a position on the left of the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers in the third line of battle. Our regiment was formed in close column by division, and advanced, with the lines in front. After the enemy was driven from their first line of entrenchments, we deployed and marched by the left flank a few hundred yards, and about 8 o'clock in the evening were temporarily assigned to General Burnham's command. General Burnham assigned us a position on the right of the Sixth Corps, about 20 paces in rear of the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers. This position the regiment occupied until about 10 o'clock when General Burnham directed Colonel Wead to move to the right of the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers and occupy the rifle-pits to their right and front, which had not yet been occupied by our troops. An officer was sent by General Burnham to direct us to the new position. In making this maneuver we exposed ourselves to an enfilanding fire from the enemy; lost about 60 men killed and wounded, and failed to obtain possession of the pits, the enemy holding them in force.

After remaining in line of battle during the 2nd we were relieved about dark and marched to the rear of corps headquarters, where we remained during the night. Early on the morning of the 3rd the regiment formed, by order of General Marston, and marched to the front and was placed on the left of the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers, and constituted a part of the first line of battle. In the charge of that morning Colonel Wead was killed and our regiment experienced a loss of about 45 men killed and wounded. After the enemy was driven from the rifle-pits the regiment occupied the second line during the remainder of the day and until late in the evening, when it was ordered to the rear to recuperate. On the night of the 4th our regiment relieved the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers and Tenth New Hamsphire at the front. On the night of the 5th we were relieved by the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers, and ordered to their rear, where we remained until the evening of the 7th, when we relieved the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers in the second line. On the 8th we were relieved by the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers and ordered to the rear in our present position. During the operations of these four days we have had killed 15, wounded 84, missing 5; total, 104.

I remain, yours, truly,WM. KREUTZER

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

