
On the 3rd instant the enemy was attacked at about 5 a.m. The Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers. Lieutenant-Colonel Coughlin, were deployed as skirmishers to cover the advance of the assaulting column and when the attack was made they succeeded, after a gallant fight, in capturing and holding a portion of the enemy's first line of rifle-pits. This regiment remained in front during the day, holding its position with tenacity and suffering considerably. The remaining three regiments of the brigade were held in reserve in the position which they occupied in the morning until about noon, when by order of General Brooks, I moved to the left and took up a position immediately on the right of the Sixth Corps. Here I massed my command in column by divisions, forming an assaulting column for the purpose of storming the enemy's works in front. The

Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Burpee, reported to me for this purpose and was assigned a place in the column. Subsequently, however, the order for an assault upon the enemy's works was countermanded, and my command was moved into a sheltered position farther to the right, where it remained until dark. At 9 p.m. by order of General Brooks, I withdrew the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers from the position it had held during the day, and with two of my regiments, relieved a part of Colonel Henry's brigade on the second line of pits. At 3 a.m. on the morning of the 4th, with my other two regiments, the Thirteenth New Hampshire and One hundred and eighteenth New York, I relieved that portion of Colonel Henry's brigade which held the front line of rifle-pits and at about the same time the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers relieved the Second New Hamsphire (a regiment of General Martindale's division), also in the first line; and during the 4th these three regiments held the front line strengthening the rifle-pits, and constantly skirmishing with the enemy. On the evening of the 4th my command was relieved by General Marston. From that time to the present I have alternated with the other brigades of the division in holding the front line every third day. Some unimportant skirmishing has occurred meanwhile, but nothing to which I need call attention in this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BURNHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 259. Report of Captain Charles M. Coit, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of operations June 1-9.

HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS.

Cold Harbor, Va., June 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command since June 1, 1864:

At 6 a.m. June 1 we left our bivouac, 12 miles from White House Landing, Va., marching with the column toward New Castle,

64 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

