
Va. During the afternoon we halted near the enemy's lines, Cold. Harbor. After resting about an hour, we formed in line of battle, the left of the brigade resting on the right of the Sixth Corps, our position being between the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteer on the right and the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers on the left. In this line we move forward to the support of the advanced line, halting 100 paces in the rear of that line. About 7 p.m. the advanced line having been withdrawn to the right, we advanced, crossing an open field in our front, and moved into the woods beyond, where we constructed temporary breast-works, and, having ascertained through scouts sent out that the pickets of the brigade to the right and left of us did not connect, by direction of Captain Clark, assistant adjutant-general, pickets from our right were posted to cover our front. Our loss during the day was 2 killed and 4 wounded. Before daylight the next day, June 2, we were ordered to relieve the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, who were occupying the front lines to our right, forming on the left of New Hampshire Volunteers. During the day, under a heavy fire, we completed a breast-work which had been commenced on this line within 200 yards of the enemy's works. Our loss this day was 1 killed and 6 wounded. On the forenoon of the next day, June 3, this regiment, with the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers and Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, was formed in massed column by division, the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers having the center, for the purpose of charging upon the enemy's works. In this order we marched to our advanced line, and there remained until 4 p.m., when the order for the charge was countermanded and we were withdrawn to a more sheltered position. In the evening we advanced to the support of the front line, relieving the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, and during the night completed breastworks commenced by them. Our loss this day was 1 killed and 12 wounded.

Between 3 and 4 a.m. June 4, by order of General Martindale, we advanced to the extreme front, relieving the Second New Hampshire Volunteers, and immediately commenced and finished during the day a line of breast-works, our left connecting with a line being erected by the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers. About midnight we were relieved by the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers, and withdrawn to one of the rear lines. Our loss this day was 1 killed and 6 wounded. In this position we remained until the evening of the 6th, with the loss of 1 man wounded, when we advanced and relieved the Ninety-second New York Volunteers, in which position we remained for twenty-four hours as support for the Tenth New Hamsphire Volunteers. Lost, 1 man wounded.

On the evening of the 7th we were relieved by the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers and withdrawn to the rear lines, where we remained until the evening of the 9th. Loss during the two days, 1 killed and 1 wounded.

Recapitulation of losses: Killed, 6; wounded, 31; total, 37.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. M. COIT,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Connecticut Volunteers

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

