
sition until late in the afternoon, and then moved to the right into the ravine, and that night took position in the vicinity of the rifle-pits thrown up by Colonel Stedman.

On the morning of the 4th we moved out and took position on the extreme left of General Brooks' front, relieving the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers. Here we intrenched and remained until the morning of the 5th, when we were relieved by a portion of the Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers.

On Monday night, the 6th, we again occupied the same entrenchments, relieving the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers. That night, at my request, General Brooks ordered out several detachments of pioneers to bury our dead in front of the line. They reported to me, and after throwing out vedettes from my regiment between the working party and the enemy, they succeeded in partially accomplishing their purpose. On Tuesday, night we were relieved and on Thursday night we were again ordered into the same entrenchments, which we now occupy.

I have had the honor to forward from time to time a list of the casualties in those operations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. STEVENS.

Colonel, Commanding Thirteent Regiment N. H. Vols.

Captain C. A. CLARK,

A. A. G., Second Brigadier First Div., 18th Army Corps.

Numbers 261. Report of Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 1-10.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since June 1, 1864:

On the afternoon of that day we found ourselves in the presence of the enemy near Cold Harbor. A line of battle was at once formed in a strip of timber concealing us from view and protecting us from fire. On our right was the brigade of General Marston, while General Devens' troops were in position on the left. Skirmishers from the Ninety-second New York were thrown out, and within a half hour the entire brigade was ordered forward in line of battle through the woods to the open plain in front, partially occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters and skirmishers. Charging across this field to a thickly wooded ravine and up a slight ascent, my brigade drove the enemy from several small detached works to their first line of rifle-pits, and followed them over these through the thicket to the open space beyond, where they were very strongly intrenched behind works which my brigade was unable to carry. I therefore fell back under a heavy fire, and reformed my line on the edge of the woods.

This position I held until the morning of the 3rd. At an early hour that day my brigade took its place in close column by division behind a similar formation of General Marston, and the combined force made an assault at about daylight on the enemy. The bri-

