
gade in front of me being unable to withstand the murderous fire with which they were met, came back in some confusion upon the head of my column, which, however, was but little disordered thereby. I threw forward three of my regiments to occupy an advanced line of pits, from which the enemy had retreated before our attacking force. The remainder of my brigade were ordered to lie down and act as reserve until further instructions reached us. In accordance with directions soon after received, I sent the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers to re-enforce Burnham's brigade in a contemplated charge upon the position in front of us. This disposition of my command remained unchanged until evening, when the Twenty-first Connecticut rejoined me, and I held my line as taken after the charge. During the night following my working parties were active, and succeeded in rendering our advance secure against attack. On the morning of the 4th I was relieved from the skirmish line by Burnham's brigade, which with the command of General Marston, has since alternated with us in watching the movements of the enemy along the front of our division.

My losses during these engagements have been 460 as the aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing, including the lieutenant-colonels commanding the Fortieth Massachusetts, Ninety-second New York, and Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers,and many other valuable officers and me killed or mortally wounded.

GUY V. HENRY.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 262. Report of Major Hiram B. Crosby, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry, of operations June 3.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLS.

June 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Cold Harbor on the 3rd of June, this duty now devolving upon me in consequence of the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Burpee, who was in command of the regiment during that engagement:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd our brigade was formed in close column by division, the Twenty-first Connecticut being at the head of the column, with their bayonets fixed, upon which they were instructed to place their sole reliance in storming the enemy's works. The brigade of General Marston, also in close column by division, was in the advance. The two brigades at about daylight made an assault on the enemy, who immediately opened upon the advancing column with such a rapid and effective fire of musketry and artillery, that the brigade in our front was thrown back with heavy loss and in great confusion upon the head of our column, which, notwithstanding, held its ground with the steadiness of veterans. The Twenty-first Connecticut was now deployed in line of battle on the advanced ground we then held to guard against a threatened assault on the part of the enemy. The

