
regiment was here exposed to a sharp fire of shot and shell, both direct and enfilading, from the enemy's works, which were barely 200 yards distant, but protected partly by the formation of the ground, which gave the men some shelter while lying down, the casualties, which otherwise would have been very heavy, were comparatively light. We held this position some three hours, and were then sent to re-enforce General Burnham's brigade in a contemplated charge upon the same works from another point farther to the left. General Burnham's brigade was formed in close column by division, the Eighth Connecticut to lead the charge and the Twenty-first Connecticut to follow in line of battle, with orders to rely upon the bayonet alone in carrying the enemy's works. The enemy, however, appearing in such force along that portion of their line against which our assault was to be directed, the order was subsequently countermanded. The regiment behaved with great steadiness throughout the whole engagement, receiving well-merited compliments from brigade and division commanders. A list of the casualties is annexed.

With profound sorrow I announce the death of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. Burpee, who was mortally wounded at daybreak on the 9th of June while going the rounds as brigade officer of the day. He survived only until the evening of the 11th. Lieutenant-Colonel Burpee had borne his part with distinguished valor all during the Bermuda Hundred campaign. His coolness and good judgment at the battle of Drewry's Bluff will not soon be forgotten by his comrades in that hard-contested action. At Cold Harbor he was equally conspicuous for gallantry. While in command of the regiment he was able and efficient, always discharging with promptitude every duty, particularly if concerning the comfort, and welfare of his men, by whom he was much loved and respected.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HIRAM B. CROSBY,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

Numbers 263. Report of Captain James F. Brown, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry, of operations June 3-12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLS.,In the Field, Va., September 3, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the action at Cold Harbor, Va., on the 3rd of June:

At 8 p.m. of that day, after a few hours' relief from the advanced position we had taken in the morning, we were again ordered to the front of construct a line of works within a hundred yards of the enemy's position, and covering the ground we had gained from him during the day. The work was pushed steadily forward, with only occasional interruptions from, the enemy's pickets, who were but a few yards from our own, until near daylight of the 4th, when we were relieved and posted in one of the interior lines, where we remained until the evening of the 5th, getting a little much needed

