
rest. From the 5th to the 12th the Third Brigade (in which this regiment has been during the entire campaign) alternated with the other two brigades of the First Division, Eighteenth Corps in duty on the picket-line. At 11 p.m. of the 12th, the regiment being at the front, I received orders to send to the rear all the men not absolutely needed to hold the line we occupied. I sent four companies and posted the remainder in the most advantageous position, the enemy during this time dropping his mortar shells very accurately into our works, with very little damage, however, to our men.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

Numbers 264. Report of Colonel Andrew Elwell, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry, First Brigade, Second Division, of operations May 31-June 10.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS.

In the Field, Va., June 10, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to circular order from brigade headquarters I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry since landing at White House:

Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, H, and I, having landed May 31, rested a short time and then took up their line of march for the interior. Late in the evening they bivouacked for the night. Starting early on the morning of the 1st instant, we advanced about 5 miles and then halted several hours. I then took the road to the left, and toward found the Sixth Army Corps engaged with the enemy. Went under fire as support to the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, but were not actively engaged and met with no casualties. At night the regiment withdrew and took position in the rifle-pits on the right and there remained until the night of the 2nd, when it was deployed along the road leading to the position of the Fifth Corps to protect the wagon train. Immediately upon returning to our position upon the morning of the 3rd we moved off through the woods to the left, and having formed close column by division advanced upon the works of the enemy. The assault was unsuccessful, the loss being 3 killed, 46 wounded, and 5 missing. At night the regiment was relieved and took position behind the breastworks. During the afternoon we were joined by Companies G and K, which had been detained in the James River, as the boat in which they embarked at City Point ran aground. Upon the morning of the 4th the regiment remained in the breast-works, and has since occupied about the same position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. ELWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. L. KENT,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., 18th Army Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL., Part I.

---------------

