
Numbers 265. Report of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 27-June 12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.

New Berne, N. C., December 16, 1864.

SIR: * * * The Eighteenth Army Corps were now ordered to intrench their front, the regiment working day and night, also furnishing heavy details for picket duty up to the 27th [May], when marching orders were again received. We marched to City Point, and, embarking on transports, were landed at White House on the 30th.

Marched the following day in the direction of Richmond, and bivouacked at night at Church Tavern, within 12 miles of the rebel capital. Moved next day toward Cold Harbor, reached there at 4 p.m. and joining the Army of the Potomac, formed line of battle immediately, taking position in the interval between the Fifth and Sixth Corps, and soon became engaged with the enemy. Heavy skirmishing during the night and following day.

On the morning of the 3rd of June we were ordered to assault the enemy's works. The movement was made in column by division, the regiment charging gallantly for some distance through a most galling fire, until within a few yards of their entrenchments, when they were met by a storm of bullets, shot, and shell that no human power could withstand. Checked in their attempts to break the rebel line, and with two-thirds of their number killed or disabled, the regiment still determinedly held the position gained, protecting themselves as best they could by the nature of the ground until dark, when,with their hands and tin cups, rifle-pits were constructed thus rendering the position tenable. In this desperate assault the regiment displayed the most heroic bravery. Remaining in the rifle-pits, with continuous skirmishing but trifling loss, until the 12th, we were ordered to march to White House.

Our casualties in this engagement were: Killed, 4 officers, 23 men; wounded, 11 officers, and 128 men; missing, 2 officers, and 47 men.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. PICKETT,

Colonel Twenty-Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Vol. Infantry.

Brigadier General WILLIAM SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General, Massachusetts.

Numbers 266. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.+

May 4. - This brigade left Williamsburg, Va., and proceeded to Bermuda Hundred. Va., and participated in the fight near Petersburg; also at Drewry's Bluff, where a considerable number of men were lost.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

