
May 28. - Embarked from Bermuda Hundred.

May 30. - Arrived at White House.

June 3. - This brigade participated in the battle of Cold Harbor, Va.,; lost severely.

June 12. - Left Cold Harbor and marched to White House.

June 13. - Embarked on transports and arrived at Bermuda Hundred.

June 14. - Since this date have been engaged in the siege of Petersburg, Va.

Numbers 267. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William C. Moegling, Eleventh Connecticut Infantry, of Cold Harbor on the 3rd instant [ultimo]:

The regiment left New Castle in the morning of the 1st and, after a severe march in an extremely hot, day, arrived near Gaines' Mill, where an engagement was then taking place, and at once, took position, formed in double column in the rear of the First Brigade as a support. Afterward the regiment deployed and took position on the right of the line to protect the flank, throwing out two companies as skirmishers. The regiment received a few shell from the enemy's battery on the right and lost 4 men wounded. On the 2nd the regiment bivouacked on the field, and at 4.30 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd took its place in the brigade and advanced with it toward the enemy. The regiment was formed in close column. The caps were taken from the pieces and bayonets fixed. The regiment then advanced through the woods toward the enemy's works, which were in an open field and about 400 yards from the edge of the woods. Over this open space the regiment charged with the rest of the brigade. The men advanced with a cheer and in excellent order, not a man flinching; but the fire of the enemy was very heavy, and several discharges of canister were thrown by the enemy. The regiment in my front became disordered and the men fell back and the charge was repulsed with pretty heavy loss. The regiment retired in the woods where it was reformed, and immediately advanced again with the brigade toward the left, supporting the First Brigade, being under a heavy fire during the entire day, and losing a number more men.

The casualties in this battle were as follows, viz: Field officer killed, 1; staff and line officers wounded 5; enlisted men wounded, 72; enlisted men killed, 6.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. MOEGLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. R. REYNOLDS,

A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Second Div., 18th Corps.

