
Numbers 268. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.*

June 1. - Report of the month of May left the brigade en route from the White House, on the Pamunkey River, and from whence, after a heavy march of 25 miles, it reached Cold Harbor, Va., where an engagement was going on, and was marched, straight into battle about 2 p.m. The enemy were strongly posted in thick woods behind well-constructed breast-works, with slashed timber in front, and in order to reach them the brigade had to cross an open plowed field, fully 1,250 yards wide, intersected by a high fence, and under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. Reaching the edge of the field the troops moved across at a double-quick, and carried without halting the rifle-pits of the enemy, driving him in great confusion entirely from the woods and half way across the open ground to his works beyond. The possession of this second line of works, however, enabled the enemy to bring a heavy enfilading fire on the brigade's right flank, notwithstanding which, galling and destructive as it was, the brigade held the position throughout the night. In this gallant charge the brigade captured over 400 prisoners. The conduct of the brigade on this occasion deserves more than common mention. After they had received the order to charge they neither faltered nor wavered, and though greatly fatigued by heavy marches and night labor, they went as directed to and over the enemy's works asia there had been no obstacle in their path, and with a dash of enthusiasm that could hardly have been anticipated.

June 2 to 11. - Holding the entrenchments in front of the enemy, on picket, and other similar duties.

June 12. - Received orders to proceed to the White House, where the brigade embarked for Point of Rocks, rejoining Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 269. Report of Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 1.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS.

In the Field, June 4, 1864,SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a brief report of the part taken by my command in the action of the 1st instant near Cold Harbor, Va.

I formed line of battle at 2 p.m. in rear of Second Brigade, Third Division, and at 5 p.m. advanced to the support of the first line, which had already been hotly engaged. In order to reach the position of the enemy, who was very strongly posted in a thick woods, behind well-constructed works, with slashed timber in front, it was necessary to cross an open, plowed field, not less than 1,250 yards in width, intersected by a high fence, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. Having reached the edge of this field I moved at a double-quick across it, and carried without halting the enemy's rifle-pits, driving him in great confusion entirely from the woods and half way across the open ground to his works beyond. The possession of this second line of works enabled the enemy to

---------------

*From return for June.

---------------

