
Numbers 273. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 5, 1864.- 11 p.m. (Received 6th.)

The enemy crossed the Rapidan yesterday at Ely's and Germanna Fords. Two corps of this army moved to oppose him-Ewell's, by the old turnpike, and Hill's, by the plank road. They arrived this morning in close, proximity to the enemy's line of march. A strong attack was made upon Ewell, who repulsed it, capturing many prisoners and four pieces of artillery. The enemy subsequently concentrated upon General Hill, who, with Heth's and Wilcox's divisions, successfully resisted repeated and desperate assaults. A large force of cavalry and artillery on our right flank was driven back by Rosser's brigade. By the blessing of God we maintained our position against every effort until night, when the contest closed. We have to mourn the loss of many brave officers and men. The gallant Brigadier General J. M. Jones was killed, and Brigadier General L. A. Stafford, I fear, mortally wounded while leading his command with conspicuous valor.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Via Orange Court-House, May 6, 1864. - 8 p.m.

(Received 4.45 a.m., 7th).

Early this morning as the divisions of General Hill, engaged yesterday, were being relieved the enemy advanced and created some confusion. The ground lost was recovered as soon as the fresh troops got into position and the enemy driven back to his original line. Afterward we turned the left of his front line and drove it from the field, leaving a large number of dead and wounded in our hands, among them General Wadsworth. A subsequent attack forced the enemy into his intrenched lines on the Brock road, extending from Wilderness Tavern, on the right, to Trigg's Mill. Every advance on his part, thanks to a merciful God, has been repulsed. Our loss in killed is not large, but we have many wounded; most of them slightly, artillery being little used on either side. I grieve to announce that Lieutenant-General Longstreet was severely wounded and General Jenkins killed. General Pegram was badly wounded yesterday. General Stafford, it is hoped, will recover.

R. E. LEE.

SECRETARY OF WAR.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

Via Orange Court-House, May [8], 1864-2.30 p.m.

After a sharp encounter with the Fifth Army Corps (Warren's) and Torbert's division of cavalry, General R. H. Anderson, with

