
the advance of the army, repulsed the enemy with heavy slaughter and took possession of the Court-House. I am the more grateful to the Giver of all victory that our loss is small.

R. E. LEE.

General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 8, 1864-9 p.m.

After the repulse of the enemy from Spotsylvania Court-House this morning, receiving re-enforcements, he renewed the attack on our position, but was again handsomely driven back.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 10, 1864.,

(Via Guiney's, 11th. Received 2.45 p.m.)

General Grant's army is intrenched near this place on both sides of the Brock road. Frequent skirmishing occurred yesterday and to-day, each army endeavoring to discover the position of the other. To-day the enemy shelled our lines and made several assaults with infantry, against different points, particularly on our left, held by General R. H. Anderson. The last, which occurred after sunset, was the most obstinate, some of the enemy leaping over the breast-works. They were easily repulsed, except in front of Doles' brigade, where they drove our men from their position and from a four-gun battery there posted. The men were soon rallied, and by dark our line was re-established and the battery recovered. A large of the enemy moved around our left on the evening of the 9th and took possession of the road about midway between Shady Grove Church and the Court-House. General Early with a part of Hill's corps drove them back this evening, taking one gun and a few prisoners. Thanks to a merciful Providence our casualties have been small. Among the wounded are Brigadier-Generals Hays and H. H. Walker.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

(Same to the President and General Bragg.)

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

May 11, 1864.

SIR: Yesterday evening the enemy penetrated a part of our line and planted his colors upon the temporary breast-works erected by our troops. He was immediately repulsed, and among the brave men who met him the Twentieth North Carolina Regiment, under Colonel Toon, of the brigade commanded by Brigadier General R. D. Johnston, captured his flag. It was brought to me by Major John S. Brooks of that regiment, who received his promotion for gallantry in the battle of Chancellorsville, with the request that it be given to

