
Governor Vance. I take great pleasure in complying with the wish of the gallant captors, and respectfully, ask that it be granted, and that these colors be presented to the State of North Carolina as another evidence of the valor and devotion that have made her name eminent in the armies of the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS, May 12, 1864.

(Via Guiney's Station. Received Hanover Junction, 13th.)

This morning at dawn the enemy broke through that part of our line occupied by Johnson's division and gained possession of a portion of our breast-works, which he still holds. A number of pieces of artillery fell into his hands. The engagement has continued all day, and with the exception indicated, we have maintained our ground. In the beginning of the action we lost a large number of prisoners, but, thanks to a merciful Providence, our subsequent casualties were not large. Major-General Johnson and Brigadier-General Steuart were taken prisoners. The brave General Perrin was killed and Generals Walker (of the Stonewall Brigade) and Daniel severely wounded.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,Via Guiney's Station, May 16, 1864.

The enemy has made no movement against our position to-day.

He has retired his right and extended his left toward Massaponax Church, occupying the line of the Ny River, his main force being apparently east of that stream.

R. E. LEE.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS.

HANOVER JUNCTION, May 23, 1864-10 p.m.

(Received 4.50 a.m., 24th.)

About noon to-day the enemy approached the Telegraph bridge over the North Anna. Inn the afternoon he attacked the guard at the bridge and drove it to this side. About the same time the Fifth Corps (General Warren) crossed at Jericho Ford,on our left. Was attacked by A. P. Hill and his advance checked.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

TAYLORSVILLE, May 24, 1864-9.30 p.m.

The enemy has been making feeble attacks upon our lines to-day, probably with a view of ascertaining our position. They were easily

