
repulsed. General Mahone drove three regiments across the river, capturing a stand of colors and some prisoners, among them 1 aide-de-camp of General Ledlie.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Atlee's, May 28, 1864-6 p.m.

SIR: The army is in front of this position extending toward Toto-potomoy Creek. As far as I can ascertain none of the enemy have advanced south of that creek. I believe that he is assembling his army behind it. General Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry engaged the enemy's cavalry near Haw's Shop about noon to-day and drove them back upon their infantry, which prisoners stated to be the Fifth and Sixth Corps. I have not, however, received very definite information as yet either as regards their positions or numbers.

I am with respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 1, 1864.

There has been skirmishing along the lines to-day. General Anderson and General Hoke attacked the enemy in their front this forenoon and drove them to their entrenchments. This afternoon the enemy attacked General Heth and were handsomely repulsed by Cooke's and Kirkland's brigades. Generals Breckinridge and Mahone drove the enemy from their front,taking about 150 prisoners. A force of infantry is reported to have arrived at Tunstall's Station from the White House and to be extending up the York River railroad. They state that they belong to Butler's forces.

Very respectfully.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1864-8 p.m.

SIR: Yesterday afternoon the enemy's cavalry were reported to be advancing by the left of our line toward Hanover Court-House and Ashland. General Hampton, with Rosser's brigade, proceeded to meet them. Rosser fell upon their rear, charged down the road toward Ashland, bearing everything before him. His progress was arrested at Ashland by the entrenchments of the enemy, when he changed his direction and advanced up the Fredericksburg railroad. General William H. F. Lee came up at this time with a part of his

