
division and a joint attack was made. The enemy was quickly driven from the place and pursued toward Hanover Court-House until dark.

During the afternoon General Fitzhugh Lee was forced to retire from Old Cold Harbor, on our extreme right, and as it was evident that the enemy was moving in that direction our own line was extended accordingly, General Hoke occupying the extreme right. The enemy attacked in heavy force and succeeded in penetrating between Hoke and Anderson, where there was an interval in our line, causing the right of Anderson and the left of Hoke to fall back a short distance. General Hoke subsequently recovered his position and General Anderson's right assumed one a short distance in rear of that it first occupied. This morning, the enemy's movement to our right continuing, corresponding changes were made in our line, Breckinridge's command and two divisions of General Hill being placed on the right. General Early, with Ewell's corps and Heth's division, occupied our left, and was directed to endeavor to get upon the enemy's right flank and drive [him] down in front of our line. General Early made the movement in the afternoon and drove the enemy from his entrenchments, following him until dark. While this attack was progressing General Hill re-enforced Breckinridge with two brigades of Wilcox's division and dislodged the enemy from Turkey Hill, in front of our extreme right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR

Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 3, 1864-8.45 p.m.

SIR: About 4.30 a.m. to-day the enemy made an attack upon the right of our line. In front of General Hoke's and part of General Breckinridge's line he was repulsed without difficulty. He succeeded in penetrating a salient on General Breckinridge's line and captured a portion of the battalion there posted. General Finegan's brigade, of Mahone's division, and the Maryland Battalion of Breckinridge's command, immediately drove the enemy out with, severe loss. Repeated attacks were made upon General Anderson's position, chiefly against his right, under General Kershaw. They were met with great steadiness and repulsed in every instance. The attack extended to our extreme left, under General Early, with like results. Later in the day it was twice renewed against General Heth, who occupies Early's left, but was repulsed with loss. General Hampton encountered the enemy's cavalry near Haw's Shop, and a part of General William H. F. Lees's division drove them from their entrenchments. General Fitzhugh Lee's division occupies the south side of the Chickahominy as far as Long Bridge, with pickets extending across to the James.

Our loss to-day has been small, and our success, under the blessing of God, all that we could expect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

Richmond, Va.

