
Hardaway's on the left, relieving others. Braxton's occupied the central space between the troops on the turnpike and those on the plank road. These guns also did well such work as offered, aiding in successfully driving back the enemy whenever and wherever he attempted to advance.

At an early hour of this memorable day Colonel J. T. Brown, second in command of the artillery of the Second Corps, fell instantly killed by the bullet of a sharpshooter as he was seeking an advanced and favorable position for some of his guns, adding another honored name to the long list of martyr heroes whom the South, and especially his native Virginia, has to mourn. To the fine qualities of a Christian gentleman of superior and cultivated intellect were added in Colonel Brown very high excellencies as a soldier. Judicious prompt, energetic, and of dauntless gallantry, he had rendered conspicuous service in every campaign of the war. His example will not be forgotten in the arm to which he was an ornament, nor his memory be uncherished by a grateful country. While the main armies were thus engaged from left to right on the 6th, the Horse Artillery was sharing the action with the cavalry on our right flank, Johnston's battery remaining in position near Shady Grove, Thompson's and Shoemaker's being engaged most of the day near Rowe's farm, and Hart's not far from Todd's Tavern.

On the 7th the enemy, apparently despairing of forcing our line, remained mainly passive and not many shots were fired. The general chief of artillery, under instructions from the commanding general reconnoitered positions on the right and caused a road to be opened by portions of the artillery to facilitate a rapid movement in that direction. At the same time on the extreme left a reconnaissance was made by the chief of artillery Second Corps, under orders from General Ewell, with Jones' infantry brigade, attended by Carter's battery. Striking the Germanna road near Beale's house, this force encountered there, about a mile from the ford, several regiments of the enemy's cavalry. These received but a few cannon shots, when they dispersed, a few retreating toward the ford, the major number going toward the main body of the enemy. The ford and Germanna road being thus found virtually abandoned, it became obvious the enemy was contemplating another movement and leaving our immediate front. The battle of the Wilderness was over. The enemy, wholly repulsed and foiled, was leaving his dead and some of his wounded within the range of our guns. About dark of the 7th the general chief of artillery [was] directed by the commanding general to send to General Anderson, who had on General Longstreet's being wounded succeeded to the command of the First Corps, a staff officer who could guide that general along the new road cut out that day. The general chief of artillery went himself to General Anderson described the route, and left and officer as guide. Here a circumstance occurred which should be specially noticed. General Anderson stated that his orders were to march by 3 next morning. He was preparing to start at 11 that night. Those four hours anticipated proved of incalculable value next day. The artillery of the First Corps, which, as already mentioned, had not been able to find opportunity in the battle of the Wilderness, received orders to march on the night of the 7th, and from its several positions struck into the column en route for Spotsylvania Court-House.

66 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

