
few hundred yards from the Court-House, and Cutts' on the extreme right, in advance of the road to Massaponax Church. Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram advanced with a section of Ellett's battery and co-operated with the enemy until our line was established. McIntosh's battalion remained with Mahone's division near the crossing of the Po River by the Shady Grove road to guard the left flank of our army, and Richardson's battalion was held in reserve. Along the left wing and left center there was on this day continual skirmishing. Our artillery, however, fired but little and almost entirely at the enemy's infantry.

The 10th was a day of more vigorous battle. The enemy made incessant attacks on Anderson's (First Corps) front, but were continually repulsed with great slaughter. The guns on the front line, and two others from Manly's battery brought forward about noon, again during the day mowed down the enemy's columns with canister at short range. Skirmishing also occurred during the forenoon on the left of Ewell's (Second Corps) front, occupied by Rodes' division with Hardaway's guns, which had relieved Page's, but did not extend to its right, held by Johnson's division, where Nelson's guns had relieved Braxton's. Early on this day Richardson's battalion accompanied Heth's division in a flank movement conducted by General Early around our left upon the enemy's right, and was severely engaged. A section of Ellett's battery, Pegram's battalion, accompanied Richardson's battalion in this expedition and did good service. As our troops in this movement came upon the enemy's flank they were met by a galling fire from a number of batteries he had there posted; and Cabell's guns, from their elevated position on our left, were directed by the general chief of artillery to open upon those batteries, so as to draw their fire and aid Early's advance. The effect was as anticipated. Soon after McIntosh's guns from the east bank of the Po poured into the ranks of the enemy, retreating before General Early, a destructive fire; and some of the guns of this battalion advancing with a portion of Mahone's division as soon as the bridge was cleared, contributed still further to the good effect of the movement on that flank. On this day the enemy made also a demonstration against our right immediately at Spotsylvania Court-House, advancing several lines of infantry. Pegram's and Cutts' guns, however, opened upon them with vigor and speedily drove them back to the cover of their trenches. In the afternoon the enemy, having massed a large force in front of Second Corps' left center, under cover of a pine thicket, made a sudden attack upon Doles' brigade, which,having no skirmishers out, in consequence of the close proximity of the lines, was taken entirely by surprise. The brigade gave way for a season, and the enemy entered our works and captured Smith's battery, of Hardaway's battalion. Our infantry, being soon railed and re-enforced, repulsed the enemy with considerable loss and recovered the guns. The captain had fought his battery until he was actually seized by soldiers from the enemy's ranks, and some of his men were carried off by the retreating foe and not recovered. On this occasion Hardaway's guns alone were engaged and were extremely well served. Two of Cutshaw's batteries were hastened up for the crisis and put in position to command the broken line. The men from one of these batteries (Graham's) being called for to work the guns on the line left weak handed by the capture of Smith's cannoneers, sprang forward under their captain and served two of those guns with fine spirit.

