
vance, but the pressure of his enormous force rendered it necessary to increase our own efforts. Hardaway's battalion was therefore moved forward and posted to command the rear of the Salient, Captain Dance in command, Lieutenant-Colonel Hardaway having been wounded in the act of advancing to the front. Colonel Cabell also came from the left with four of this guns and took position on the left of Dance's. These guns were brought up and used with admirable steadiness under a severe fire. McIntosh's battalion was in like manner brought to the support of this point. Only one section of it was, however, actively engaged. By these and other vigorous measures the enemy was prevent from profiting by the advantage he had gained. Repelled from the most of the Salient and kept at bay in its apex, he could not during the day carry off the guns he had captured.

While this contest was raging battle was also joined with great fury along the entire line. On the left from early dawn column after column of the enemy as it came up to assault was shivered by the tremendous destructiveness of missiles hurled upon them at close range from our guns. Batteries here posted on our second line participated in the action by firing upon the enemy's batteries, so as to draw their fire away from our line of battle, That fire from the enemy was at times most furious. One or two of our guns in the front line were struck and disabled, and First Lieutenant Dent Burroughs, a gallant young officer, commanding Moody's battery, was killed by a shot which passed through the parapet. On the right center another salient of our line attacked by the masses of Burnside's corps was effectively swept by Nelson's, Poague's, and Pegram's guns. The enemy was here driven back in confusion, those guns contributing largely to the result. To the right our batteries engaged those of the enemy, so as to prevent their fire being concentrated on our center. Thus passed and closed this eventful day. At all points except at the prominent Salient the enemy had been repulsed with immense loss. There he had gained a lodgment and captured a number of guns and prisoners, but he had been effectually prevented from profiting by it, and had himself suffered severely. Our interior line was there well established and protected during the night with guns in position so that by next morning the enemy was as far from his object as ever. The enemy now for some days remained quiet. and the time was improved on our part in strengthening our lines and reorganizing commands that had been seriously shattered. Major Cutshaw was assigned to the command of Hardaway's battalion and Major Page, put in command of the combined remnants of his own and Cutshaw's battalions. While the artillery with the main army was thus engaged in this great conflict, that with the cavalry was actively operating-one portion with General W. H. F. Lee on our right flank, another with General Hampton, on our left, and the remainder (Johnston's battery, Baltimore Light Artillery, and a section of Hart's battery, under Major Breathed) with Generals Stuart and Fitzhugh Lee in their pursuit of Sheridan attempting to raid into Richmond. In the severe conflict which ensued at the Yellow Tavern all these guns were used, though Hart's section and the Baltimore Light Artillery bore the brunt of the fight. The latter suffered most severely and lost a number of men and horses captured by the enemy.

On the 14th the enemy were found to have withdrawn from Anderson's front (our left), leaving his thickly-strewn dead unburied,

