
deserving of honorable mention, extinguished the burning tow of the ammunition-chest, and thus saved the ammunition for use, and probably preserved valuable lives. Another instance of good conduct and skill in a part of Major Lane's command was brought to notice on this day in the safe arrival of Lieutenant L. G. Rees with four guns which had been assigned to his charge in attendance upon McGowan's brigade as a rear guard to the Third Corps in its march from Spotsylvania Court-House. A body of the enemy having crossed North Anna River at a point belowtheir own crossing and taken possession of their road unexpectedly appeared before them. Lieutenant Rees, however, although closely pressed, rescued his command, with the loss of only 1 man mortally wounded, and by a circuit to the south of Little River joined his battalion on the 24th. Skirmishing continued on portions of this entire line at Hanover Junction until the 27th when the enemy withdrew for another flank movement beyond our right.

Early on the 27th our army marched by the Telegraph road, and such others parallel thereto as were available, toward Ashland, and thence toward Atlee's Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, bivouacking after an exhausting day's march near Hughes' Shop.

On the next day (28th) our cavalry, with the Horse Artillery, being heavily engaged near Haw's Shop, on the road between Hanovertown (where the enemy had crossed the Pamunkey) and Atlee's Station, our army took position on the southwest bank of Totopotomoy Creek, General Breckinridge with his division and McLaughlin's battalion of artillery occupying, the left and crossing the Hanovertown road, the First Corps, under General Anderson, with artillery in suitable position on his right, and the Second Corps, now under General Early, with a sufficient number of guns, still farther to the right, near and beyond Pole Green Church, the Third Corps, with its artillery, encamping in reserve to support Breckinridge.

On the 29th McIntosh's battalion was posted on the left of the Hanovertown road in aid of General Breckinridge's line, before which the enemy had appeared and was threatening in force, and the following day some of Major Lane's guns were placed on the same line between McIntosh's and those of General Breckinridge's command. Most of the guns on this line were repeatedly engaged, successfully repelling the heavy demonstrations of the enemy upon General Breckinridge on the 30th and 31st. Portions of Cabell's and Huger's battalions on Breckinridge's right, and so arranged as to enfilade his front, were all hotly engaged with the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery on those two days, and did much execution in the ranks of his infantry, apparently attempting to advance upon that line. While such engagement was going on upon Breckinridge's front, active movements also occurred upon our right, where the command of the artillery of the Second Corps had devolved upon Colonel Carter in consequence of General Long being unwell. Nelson's battalion on the evening of the 30th accompanied Rodes' division on the Old Church road and aided in an attack made by that division on the enemy's left flank and driving it from Johnson's farm to Bethesda Church. In the sharp engagement which occurred at the latter point First Lieutenant Ancell, of Massie's battery, a meritorious officer, was killed. This force having returned the same night to our selected line, Nelson's guns were placed in position, Hardaway's (whose commander had returned to duty on the 21st) being also posted on his left, Braxton's and Cutshaw's being in reserve.

