
On the night of the 31st the First Corps (Anderson's) with its artillery marched to the vicinity of Cold Harbor to co-operate with General Hoke in an attack upon the enemy's lieft, which it was expected to turn. For this attack Cabell's battalion was ordered to report to General Kershaw, Huger's to General Pickett, and Haskell's to General Field. Read's battalion had accompanied General Hoke from the south side of James River. Hoke's advance, supported by Kershaw, discovered the enemy strongly intrenched and in large force, obviously intending an attempt to turn our flank. His position was, after careful reconnaissance, deemed too strong to attack, and our troops began to fortify the line of battle, in which they happened to be formed. This had been but very partially done, when about 4 p.m. June 1 the enemy made a furious assault upon Hoke's line and the right of Kershaw's, separated from Hoke's by a narrow strip of swampy ground. Pushing a considerable force through this interval he compelled Kershaw's right brigade and Hoke's left to break their line and face the interval. This arrested his advance; he could make no farther progress. Donse wood prevented artillery being used in this conflict. During the night a Napoleon gun from Cabell's battalion, under Lieutenant Falligant, was advanced to the angle where Kershaw's line broke back to the rear, a position much exposed, the enemy's sharpshooters being within 50 yards,but enfilading and very badly annoying him.

Others of Cabell's guns were also put in position in Kershaw's line, as were Huger's and Haskell's on those of Pickett's and Field's,extending to the left. On the next day (June 2) heavy skirmishing was kept up along Kershaw's front, and Lieutenant Fallingant's gun constantly engaged the enemy, who repeatedly attempted its capture. It, however, successfully repelled their advances, expending upon them a large amount of ammunition. During these operations on our right fighting also occurred June 1, farther to the left. The enemy assailing the line defended by Hardaway's guns near the Mander house was handsomely repulsed. Under cover of a skirt of woods his first line of battle came within 50 yards of our works. It was, however, driven back in confusion by an effective fire of canister. These batteries being on Heth's front (Third Corps) were that night relieved by Poague's battalion. General Long on this day resumed command of artillery Second Corps.

The next day (June 2) the Second Corps, with Heth's division, advanced against the right flank of the enemy, making a wheel, the pivot of which was at the Johnson house. Cutshaw's battalion moved out in front of our works. The brigade supporting Stafford, of Gordon's division, being driven back and retreating through Garber's battery, stationed on and to the right of the Old Church road, Garber's guns opened with canister and sent the enemy retreating in terror. During this attack by the Second Corps and a portion of the Third, Haskell's battalion, on Field's front, was severely engaged, co-operating with it by a vigorous fire upon the flank of the opposing line. That night Cutshaw's battalion was relieved by Hardaway's. Kershaw's line was also during the night changed and four additional guns of Cabell's battalion arranged in position. Fallingant's gun was noiselessly removed by hand to a new location-the angle of the new line. During the operations of the main army the Horse Artillery was with the several cavalry divisions no less actively engaged. McGregor's battery, which, after being sharply engaged at Stanard's Mill, on the Po, from May 16 to the 19th, accompa-

