
nied General W. H. F. Lee's division as rear guard to the army marching to Hanover Junction, moved with the same division to Hanover Court-House on the 31st, and there encountering the enemy in force rendered efficient service. Lieutenant Ford, who with conspicuous gallantry commanded his section was instantly killed by a minie-ball. Hart's battery participated in a slight engagement at Ashland on the 1st and on the same day Shoemaker's and Johnston's, under Major Breathed, were warmly engaged at Bottom's Bridge and Cold Harbor.

At dawn on the 3rd a very heavy attack was made by the enemy upon Hoke, Kershaw, and our forces, on the left. Read's guns, on Hoke's line, and Cabell's on Kershaw's, though exposed to a fierce fire of infantry and artillery were used with great energy and success. Lieutenant Callaway, commanding one of Cabell's batteries, is especially commended for gallantry on this occasion. Huger opened to assist Kershaw on his right, and also to disturb the enemy in front, and as a demonstration which was followed by an advance of Pickett's skirmishers. Haskell also opened to aid the troops on his left, and drew upon himself a very serious fire. Hardaway's guns, beyond Haskell's co-operate effectively by an oblique fire on the enemy's line, and Cutshaw's, some distance still farther to the left and advanced on a new line, delivered a telling enfilade fire on the enemy's line in front of Rodes' division. On the extreme left of our advanced line Poague's battalion operated with Heth's division. The division commander directed Lieutenant-Colonel Poague to post two batteries (Wyatt's and Richards') on his left flank. Colonel Poague having made a rapid reconnaissance of the position, and discovered a heavy line of the enemy's skirmishers near at hand, reported to the division commander the disadvantages of the situation and indicated a better position. The former order was, however, reiterated and in the attempt to obey it extremely heavy loss was suffered. The two batteries were, in fact, almost entirely crippled and many valuable lives lost to very little purpose. Wyatt's unprotected detachments were so rapidly cut up by the fire upon them at only 250 yards that they could only fire a few rounds. Richards' pieces were with much difficulty gotten to the works occupied by the infantry. They were there, however,used with some effect, as the enemy attempted to advance, the cannoneers being to some extent protected. On this occasion Lieutenant-Colonel Poague narrowly escaped death from a cannon shot, receiving a disabling contusion, and Captain Wyatt and Lieutenant Rives were killed. A number of men were also killed and wounded and many horses disabled.

The enemy was in this contest of June 3 bloodily repulsed along the entire line. While the portions of our forces mentioned were engaged in that good work, as described, Breckinridge's command and the Third Corps, except Heth's division and Poague's battalion, moved to the right and took position on or near Gaines' farm,with right flank resting on the Chickahominy, Pegram's battalion occupying Turkey Ridge, McIntosh's on Pegram's left (Dement's and Chew's batteries having been here added to this battalion), Richardson's battalion on McIntosh's left, Lane's on Richardson's left. A 24-pounder howitzer of McIntosh's battalion was adjusted a little in rear of the line and served as a mortar. It did good service in annoying the enemy's working parties. All the guns of this line were engaged in the battle of the 3rd materially assisted in

