
Armament of Artillery in the Army of Northern Virginia-Continued.

 Napo	 24-	 12-	 20-	 10-	 3-

 leon	 poun	 pou	 pound	 pound	 inch

 	 der	 nde	 er	 er	 rifle

Command.	 	 howi	 r	 howit	 howit	 s.

 	 tzer	 how	 zers	 zers

 	 s.	 itz

 	 	 ers

Third Corps, Colonel

Walker:

McIntosh's battalion	 10	 1	 -	 2	 2	 1

Pegram's battalion	 9	 -	 -	 -	 7	 1

Richardson's battalion	 5	 -	 -	 -	 4	 4

Poague's battalion	 7	 -	 -	 -	 2	 2

Lane's battalion	 6	 -	 -	 -	 8	 -

Total Third Corps	 37	 1	 -	 2	 23	 8

Grand total	 94	 4	 6	 12	 48	 32

Numbers 275. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, of operations April 14-May 6.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 23, 1865.

COLONEL: On April 11, 1864, I received orders at Bristol from the Adjutant and Inspector-General to report with the original portion of the First Corps (Kershaw's and Field's divisions and Alexander's battalion of artillery) to General R. E. Lee, commanding Army of Northern Virginia. On the 14th I reached Charlottesville, and awaited there the arrival of my troops, which were somewhat delayed by want of transportation on railroad. As the troops arrived they were encamped at points between Charlottesville and Gordonsville. On the 22nd, in obedience to orders received from the commanding general, I marched my command to Mechanicsville, and encamped in the rear neighborhood thereof. On the 2nd [May] Field's division was moved to the north of Gordonsville to meet an expected advance of a portion of the enemy by way of Liberty Mills. On the 4th was advised by the commanding general that the enemy appeared to be moving toward Stevensburg, and, as directed by him, started about 4 o'clock in the afternoon and marched to Brock's Bridge, on the border of Orange County, a distance of about 16 miles. Early on the morning of the 5th resumed, my march on the [Orange plank] and Catharpin road to Richards' Shop on Catharpin road. During the latter part of this day's march Rosser was skirmishing in my front with his brigade of cavalry.

At 12.30 a.m. on the 6th started for Parker's Store, on the plank road, in obedience to orders received from the commanding general, who also informed me that Generals Hill and Ewell had been heavily engaged the previous day. Arriving at Parker's Store about dawn, I was directed to move my column down the plank road to relieve the divisions of Heth and Wilcox, which were in position in face of the enemy on the right and left of the plank road, at right angles with it and about 3 miles below Parker's Store. Kershaw's division was in the lead, arriving in rear of the line held by these two divisions, and when the head of my column had filed to the right, and had only time to deploy two regiments of Kershaw's old brigade, an advance was made by the whole line of the enemy, and the divisions

