
Numbers 276. Report of Major General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, of operations May 30.
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,May 30, 1864-8 p.m.

GENERAL: General Field report having come upon an intrenched line of the enemy, and owing to that circumstances and the approach of darkness I have suspended his movement and have drawn my whole line back to the left again, so as to connect with General Breckinridge, between whom and the left of my line a very wide gap had been made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

Major General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding Second Corps.

Numbers 277. Diary of the First Army Corps.

May 7, Saturday.-During the morning there is occasional skirmishing on our lines, which are rectified and connected. At 11 p.m. we take up the line of march for Spotsylvania Court-House, in a shady grove, where we rest an hour at dawn on the 8th, Kershaw leading. We find Fitzhugh Lee hotly engaged on the Todd's Tavern and Spotsylvania Court-House road. We arrived in time to relieve him, but not to save the Court-House, which is, however, afterward occupied by us, the enemy being driven out. Kershaw's and Humphreyss' brigades are turned off rapidly to the left of the road, and occupying some cover left by our cavalry, repulse the enemy with great slaughter. Wofford's and Bryan's brigades are sent with great slaughter. Wofford's and Bryan's brigades are sent against the Court-House by a detour, and finally occupy it. During the fight with the two first-named brigades. Haskell's battalion is sharply engaged and does good work. The enemy's forces comprise the Fifth Corps (Warren's). Ewell's corps arrives in the afternoon, and the enemy makes another attack on our position with their Sixth Corps, which is also repulsed, Rodes' division being thrown on Kershaw's right and relieving the attack. Commanding general arrives with Ewell.

May 9.-Quiet in morning. Troops in line all day. Trenches dug. An attack by us is proposed, which is, however, deferred in

expectation of one from the enemy. In the afternoon an attack by General Johnson is projected, to be assisted by the advance of our skirmishers. For some reason Johnson does not attack. The enemy feels Field's skirmishers strongly late in the afternoon. At night Mahone's division is sent to the left of Field to hold the Shady Grove road.

May 10.-Reports current of the enemy having gained our rear toward Beaver Dam. Sharp skirmishing on the whole line during the morning and heavy shelling. Hutcheson, one of our couriers, killed at 10 a.m. The enemy begins a series of attacks on Field's

