
position; they continue at times during the entire day; all of them repulsed until 7 p.m., when the last and most desperate is made against Anderson and Gregg. Some of the enemy succeed in gaining the works, but are killed in them. The attack is repulsed with great slaughter to the enemy and little loss to us. At the same hour (7 p.m.) an attack is made on Ewell's lines, and succeeds in breaking through Doles' brigade. The enemy is driven back, however, leaving many dead near the works. Late in the night (at 10 and 4 o'clock) renewed attacks (feeble ones) are made on Field.

May 11.-Day opened with confident expectation of a renewal of the attacks of the enemy. Early reports four lines forming to attack our position. The day passes, however, without an attack in force, but with the usual skirmishing. Toward evening indications are apparent of the intended withdrawal of the enemy, and preparations are made to move after him.

May 12.-At 4.15 a.m. the enemy makes with an overwhelming force a sudden dash on J. M. Jones' brigade and breaks through Johnson's division, which is thrown back in great confusion. At the same time the artillery of that line, which had been withdrawn the night previous, just coming up into position, is captured, the horses killed, and the cannoneers taken prisoners. Guns not taken off. Gordon, with Early's division, attacks the enemy to recover our position. Anderson's division, except Wright's brigade, which is left at the bridge on the left, is drawn to the right to drive back the enemy. A violent battle ensues, lasting without intermission until 12 m., in which the whole of the Second Corps and part of the Third are engaged. It terminates on that part of the line by the enemy being driven from the ground they had gained, with the exception of a small part. During the action Wofford is sent to the support of Rodes. Between 9 and 10 a.m.

Field sustains two violent assaults on a part of his line, which are again easily repulsed with great loss to the enemy. In the afternoon Jenkins [Bratton] and Humphreys are sent to report to General Ewell. At night a part of Ewell's line is thrown back to a new position, leaving, however, 18 guns in the hands of the enemy.

May 13.-Day quiet. In line before the enemy. Slight skirmishing and cannonading. Wofford, Bryan, and Jenkins [Bratton] returned by Ewell. Report of General Stuart's death received.

May 14.-Usual skirmishing. Enemy beginning to disappear in front of Field. Toward the afternoon Kershaw's skirmishers occupy the enemy's breast-works, which had been abandoned. Field ditto. At night field is ordered to withdraw to the vicinity of the church near Spotsylvania Court-House. Kershaw is to push forward his skirmishers, but the night is so dark as not to permit it.

May 15.-Quiet. Thirteen caissons recovered from the enemy, who has retired from our immediate front. At 10 p.m. we received orders to remove to Early's right. The troops marched at 12 and 1 o'clock and we with them. As soon as day dawn they are got into position-Field on the line, Kershaw in reserve. No enemy in our immediate front. Headquarters established near a small house in rear of Crutchfield's.

May 17.-No change to-day.-Quiet.

May 18.-At 4.45 a.m. the enemy makes an attack on Ewell with a furious cannonade. The attack is easily repulsed. All quiet on our line.

67 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

