
I cannot speak in too high terms of the bravery manifested by my command under the trying circumstances under which it went into the fights. Each brigade forming separately under a heavy fire; the line constantly being broken through while being formed; the dense character of the woods in which the line was formed rendering it impossible for either men or officers to see the character or numbers of the enemy we were to attack; all these things combined proved that both men and officers acted well and gallantly. For the part each regiment performed in the action I have the honor to refer you to the accompanying report of the colonels.*

I cannot close this report without mentioning the efficient aid rendered me by Captain Walker, my inspector-general, and the judicious assistance rendered me by Captain Kibbee, Tenth Georgia Regiment, acting assistant adjutant-general and to the gallantry shown by my personal aide, Lieutenant Townshend, who wa s wounded early in these battles. To Couriers Morris and Dobbs I am indebted for much assistance in the fight for their bravery and energy, forcing to the front the few men who manifested a disposition to straggle to the rear.

The command lost, killed, 31 men and officers and 102 wounded.

I am,

GOODE BRYAN,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 281. Report of Colonel James P. Simms, Fifty-third Georgia Infantry, commanding Bryan's brigade, of operations June 2-18.
HEADQUARTERS SIMMS' BRIGADE,December -, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since I have been commanding:

On the night of June 2 General Bryan turned over the command of the brigade to myself while occupying a position on the line at Cold Harbor. Immediately after he left I received orders to destroy the works which we occupied and withdraw before daylight, the line having been changed previously and works thrown up in rear of us by General Law's brigade. Accordingly, at the time specified the brigade was withdrawn and moved in rear of General Law's position for the purpose of allowing the men to rest, they being very much fatigued by the arduous labors of several days previous to that time. About the time that the men had stacked arms preparatory to rest an attack was made upon General Law's line. He sent a courier to me asking that I would move up to his assistance, as his works had not been well supplied with ammunition. The brigade was put under arms immediately and moved up to General Law's line through a heavy fire of musketry. The men moved up in gallant style, and very soon the enemy were forced to retire. The brigade lost several men and officers killed and wounded, among

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

