
whom was Lieutenant McLendon, acting aide-de-camp, while nobly discharging his duty. On the 4th we were ordered to take position on the line again to the right of the position occupied by General Law, which position was occupied by the brigade for several days. Here our line was in such close proximity to the enemy's works that a constant fire was kept up during the day between us and the enemy, resulting in loss to us, and to be supposed, in greater loss to us, and to be supposed, in greater loss to them, as we finally almost silenced their sharpshooters entirely. During the night of the 12th the enemy abandoned their works in our front, and on the morning of the 14th we moved from there to Frayser's farm, at which place we remained until the 16th, when we moved in the direction of Petersburg, reaching there o n t he 18th. Very soon after our arrival were ordered upon the line, and before the troops could be arranged upon the line the enemy made an attack, which was very easily repulsed.*

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. SIMMS,

Commanding Brigade.

Major J. M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 282. Report of Brigadier General John Bratton, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, Field's division.

BRATTON'S BRIGADE,

Camp near Williamsburg Road, January 1, 1865.

In compliance with orders I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade since the battle of the Wilderness, May 6, 1864:

The morning of May 7 found the brigade in line of battle on the right of and perpendicular to the plank road, along the ridge that had been so hotly contested on the morning before. A crude breastwork of logs was thrown up, and we remained in this position until about 9 p.m., when orders to move came. Skirmishing was more or less brisk all day. Our loss was 8 or 10 men wounded. We moved, in accordance with orders, across the railroad by the Catharpin road to Spotsylvania Court-House, and arrived in the vicinity on the next morning (the 8th) at about 10 o'clock to find the enemy's cavalry in possession of and between us and the Court-House. My brigade formed on the right of the road and moved down to the Court-House, the enemy retiring before us and abandoning the place without a fight. We then changed front to the left and moved up --- --- road to the Brock road, where Kershaw's and Humphreys' brigades were fighting. I took position on the right of Kershaw's brigade, where a much needed rest of two or three hours was enjoyed, when the enemy was discovered advancing upon us. This attack, which was probably only a reconnaissance, was easily repulsed, with only a loss of 2 or 3 to us, but of from 40 to 50 to them. In a short time, however, they advanced in two lines, directing their attack to my right, where they supposed there was no force to

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

