
In this battle I had a bout 1,250 muskets, and lost in killed and wounded not more than 15; prisoners, none. We destroyed of the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners, in my judgment, at least 3,000. They left a bout 500 dead in my front, and it is known that they took many dead from the field-all of those remote from our lines.

My officers and men behaved to my entire satisfaction. The men fired with cool deliberation and great effectiveness. While all behaved well I cannot pass on from this part of my report without making special mention of Captain Harvey, Fifth South Carolina Volunteer Regiment, and Captain Wood, First South Carolina Regiment. T hey commanded the skirmishers of their respective regiments in the charge upon the enemy, and executed their orders with an energy and boldness that was worthy of all praise.

Not long before sunset I was ordered to report to General Ewell, on the right, without delay. I moved down as rapidly as possible, and found General Ewell in rear of that portion of the line which had been taken f rom Johnson's division in the morning, knows as the Mule Shoe. My brigade was put in position to support the withdrawal of some troops of ours from this same Mule Shoe. We lay there under fire, but doing no fighting all night, and were withdrawn about daybreak to a new line constructed during the night some 400 or 500 yards in rear. We were in the course of the morning relieved and ordered back to General Field, who held us as reserve for our division until we l eft this part of the line. We lost during the night in killed and wounded about 70 men. The enemy's fire was incessant throughout the night. We did not fire a gun.

On the night of the 14th we moved with the division toward the extreme right of our line, and were put into position on t he right of Gregg's brigade, which was on the left of the division. On the morning of the 16th erected works, but had no fighting here other than a little skirmishing some distance in front of the line. On the evening of the 21st the whole corps marched for Hanover Junction, moving down the Telegraph road. On the severe and weary march, which was almost continuous for twenty-four hours, my brigade wa s rear guard. Nothing of importance occurred. The enemy followed closely upon us, occasionally engaging a squadron of cavalry in our rear, b ut did not molest anybody materially; they rather aided us in driving stragglers before us.

We crossed North Anna River about sunset on the next evening (22nd), and went into camp on the next morning (23d). One regiment was sent on picket to the railroad bridge over the river. Had some sharpshooting with the enemy across the river. The other four rested in a road near by. About midnight I received orders to destroy the railroad bridge and fall back to a position near to the junction and fortify, which w as done. We remained in this position three or four days, skirmishing and sharpshooting all the while with the enemy until he retired across the river. Our loss was slight here. On the morning of the 27th we moved down the railroad to Ashland; thence passed Atlee's to the Totopotomoy C reek, near Walnut Grove Church, where we relieved some of Gordon's troops on May 30. Skirmishing on this line was severe, and our loss was greater than usual. On the evening of May 31 we began to slide to the right, and continued to do so until we arrived upon what was afterward known as the Cold Harbor line. My position on this line covered the road from Mechanicsville to Old Church. Our skir-

