
mishers were more or less actively engaged while moving from our last position, and after we settled in this, until the enemy left our front, which they did on the night of June 5. We shifted position on the line and advanced to Totopotomoy Swamp one evening, but did not come in contact with the enemy again on this line.*

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN BRATTON,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 283. Report of Colonel James R. Hagood, First South Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST SOUTH CAROLINA INFANTRY,December 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since May 6 last:

On the morning of that day we confronted the enemy at the Wilderness. After getting into position I was instructed by General Jenkins, commanding brigade, to support, if necessary, the regiment of General Kershaw's brigade immediately on my front, then hotly engaged with the enemy, and shortly afterward, receiving a message from the officer commanding the regiment stating that his ammunition was nearly exhausted and requesting me to relieve him, I moved forward and occupied his position, his men retiring on my arrival. The woods were very dense, shutting out all view excepting a short distance in front of my line. The timid firing of the enemy led me to suspect that he was not in heavy force, and to ascertain the truth of my suspicion I then forwarded two companies as skirmishers, with orders to press the enemy back if practicable. This they accomplished without much difficulty, driving them until their flanks were threatened, when I ordered a halt. In this movement I was not supported on either side. I immediately dispatched a message to General Jenkins informing him of the state of affairs and requesting supports. These never arrived, but in the mean time a movement was put into execution on the right which rendered them unnecessary. The enemy was driven off by an attack in flank. Later in the day, after considerable delay in unnecessary maneuvering we arrived in front of t he new position the enemy had taken up after his morning's discomfiture, and prepared to attack him. I was ordered to be governed by Colonel Coward's regiment-the battalion of direction. The movement began, I holding fast to Colonel Coward, who, instead of advancing directly to the front, obliqued considerably to the left, in conformity with the direction taken by the troops on his left. We were met by a heavy volley from the enemy, which for a moment staggered our line, causing some confusion. We, however, quickly recovered and continued the advance. I here discovered that the regiment which should have moved on my right was not there. In t he density of the forest concluded it had temporarily gotten lost and I gave no more though to it. Under a destructive fire I attained the enemy's works and drove him from them. He retired to a second line, keeping up a terrific fusillade, assisted by several pieces of artillery.

The regiment alluded to a few lines back was still missing. My men and ammunition almost exhausted, I deemed it inexpedient to

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

