
attempt anything further. I abandoned this position only when the troops on my left gave way (there were none on my right during any part of the advance) and the enemy threatened to cut me off. No further attack was ordered during the day. I carried into action 26 officers and 235 men; lost 2 officers killed and 3 wounded, 8 men killed and 79 wounded.

Slight skirmishing lasted during the 7th and 8th ultimo [May]. On the night of the latter day we took up the line of march for Spotsylvania Court-House, which we re ached early on the following morning a fter an exhaustive night march. Everything was gotten in readiness to attack the enemy, who had arrived here at the same time with us. We advanced, but f ailed to find him in the direction originally taken, when we changed front and pursued a course at right angles the last. We shortly began skirmishing, which was kept up until night put a stop to it. On the next day we moved a short distance to the left and erected a line of temporary works of fallen trees. On the morning of the 10th the enemy assaulted our position, but were repulsed after a sharp contest of an hour and a half. My skirmish line, slightly re-enforced, held its position throughout the fight. More or less skirmishing occurred during the following day. On the 12th the enemy made a most determined attack, which was met with great gallantry by our men and repulsed after several hours of hard fighting. The density of the woods, the smoke, and other causes prevented me from ascertaining the moment of the enemy's withdrawal. I therefore advanced my skirmishers, assisted on my left by Captain Lyle, commanding Fifth South Carolina, and succeeded in capturing 17 or 18 of the enemy. A few days later the enemy abandoned our front, when we were transferred to the right extremity of the army. Nothing worthy of report occurred here until the night of May 17, when we evacuated our lines and moved in the direction of Hanover Junction. I began the action

of Spotsylvania Court-House with 21 officers and 148 men. Lost 1 officer killed and 3 wounded, 2 men killed and 16 wounded.

We remained at Hanover Junction from the 18th ultimo [May] until about the 25th. During this time were engaged in several sharp skirmishers, resulting in the loss to my regiment of 1 officer wounded and 1 man killed. We next moved to the lines of the Chickahominy, where, after considerable maneuvering, we finally became established in the vicinity of Cold Harbor. On June 3 we had a sharp skirmish with the enemy with the loss of 1 man. We abandoned these lines on the 12th and marched to the neighborhood of Frayser's farm.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. HAGOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. SORREL, A. A. G.

Numbers 284. Report of Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell, C. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps, of operations May 4-29.

RICHMOND, VA., March 20, 1865.

COLONEL: When General Grant crossed the Rapidan, R. D. Johnston's (North Carolina) brigade, of Rodes' division, was at Hanover

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

