
Any other information which may be required can be obtained by reference to my reports,* which have been forwarded to the Surgeon-General's Office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. GUILD,

Medical Director Army of Northern Virginia.

Major CAMPBELL BROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Richmond.

Numbers 286. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Allan, C. S. Army, Chief of Ordnance, of ordnance and ordnance stores collected on the Wilderness battle-field May 5-7.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, VALLEY DISTRICT,

December 28, 1864.

MAJOR: From the battle-field of the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, at the Wilderness, on the 5th, 6th, and 7th May, 1864, about 4,000 stand of small-arms left by the enemy in the field were secured at the time. Afterward 5,000 more were collected.

On the 6th of May two Napoleon guns were captured by the Second Corps. From that position of the line held by the Second Corps on the River Ny 11,000 stand of small-arms were obtained. In addition to the above, a large number of cartridge-boxes and other parts of accouterments were captured.

Very respectfully,

W. ALLAN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Second Corps.

Major G. C. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 287. Report of Brigadier General John B. Gordon, C. S. Army, commanding Gordon's brigade and Early's division, of operations May 5-14.
HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S DIVISION,July 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I beg to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade from May 5 to 14, 1864:

On the morning of May 5 I was ordered by Major-General Early to move along the old stone pike from Locust Grove in the direction of the Wilderness Tavern. When within 3 or 4 miles of the latter point I discovered the enemy in my front, rapidly retreating, and was informed by Major-General Early and Lieutenant-General Ewell that the enemy was driving back our line in confusion, and received orders to form my brigade at once on the right of the pike, for the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

