
purpose of checking the enemy's advanced and saving the artillery, which at that time was moving back along the pike under the enemy's fire. I moved my brigade by the right flank and formed at right angles to the road with as much expedition as the nature of the ground and the fire from the enemy's artillery and advancing infantry would admit. Some of my men were killed and wounded before the first regiment was placed in position. As soon as the formation was completed I ordered the brigade forward. The advance was made with such spirit that the enemy was broken and scattered along the front of my brigade, but still held his ground or continued his advance on my right and left. For the protection and relief of my flanks I left a thin line (Thirty-first and Thirty-eighth Georgia Regiments) to protect my front, and changed front to the right with moved directly upon the flank of the line on my right, capturing several hundred prisoners, among them one entire regiment, with its officers and colors. At the same time I caused the regiment on the left (Twenty-sixth Georgia) to make a similar movement to the left, which was also successful. By this time portions of Battle's brigade rallied, and with other troops of Rodes' division came forward and assisted in driving the enemy back and establishing the line which was afterward held. On the night of the 5th I was ordered by Major-General Early to move by the flank and take position on the extreme left of the Confederate line.

Early on the morning of the 6th I reconnoitered the enemy's position and ascertained that his right flank, resting in a dense woodland, was left unprotected, and that his whole force on this part of his line was apparently occupied in repeated assaults upon the front of Johnson's division. Scouting parties were sent 2 or more miles to the rear of the enemy's right, and reported that no support could be found, and that the only precautionary measure taken by the enemy was the posting of vedettes. At a distance of 400 yards from this flank of the enemy lay an open field, affording a most advantageous position for forming a line out of view and at right angles to the general direction of his battle line. These facts were reported and permission asked to move with my own brigade, properly supported, upon this exposed flank. Late in the afternoon of May 6 I received orders from Major-General Early to form my brigade in this open field, and with one brigade as a support (Johnston's North Carolina) to make the attack. As soon as these brigades could be gotten into position I deployed skirmishers in front and began the movement. A line of skirmishers covering this flank of the enemy readily gave way, and surprised by the sudden and vigorous attack the troops on his right deserted their trenches and fled. Repeated efforts were made by brigade commanders to change front and check our advance. These commands were rapidly broken and scattered. The advance of my brigade was steady and uninterrupted until the approach of darkness in the dense woodland created confusion in my two right regiments. This, however, was soon remedied, and my personal observation satisfied me that one hour more of daylight now would have insured the capture of a considerable portion of the Sixth Army Corps. Of the entire force which my brigade encountered not an organized regiment was left. The rout was complete. Large numbers left their arms at the works or threw them away, with knapsacks, &amp;c., in their fight. The enemy's killed, according to the count kept by the officer command-

