
ing pioneer corps, amounted to nearly 400, among them one brigade commander. Several hundred prisoners were captured, among these two brigade commanders-Generals Seymour and Shaler. Besides these, many hundreds were passed to the rear and made their escape in the darkness.

I must be permitted in this connection to express the opinion that had the movement been made at an earlier hour and properly supported, each brigade being brought into action as its front was cleared, it would have resulted in a decided disaster to the whole right wing of General Grant's army, if not in its entire disorganization. The loss in my brigade amounted to about 50.

BATTLE OF MY 10 AT SPOTSYLVANIA.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House was begun by my brigade, with Early's division, on the night of the 7th. On the morning of the 8th I was placed in command of this division, consisting of three brigades-Pegram's (Virginia), Johnston's (North Carolina), and Gordon's (Georgia)-and on the afternoon of the same day reached Spotsylvania Court-House. On the afternoon of the 10th I received orders to move my division rapidly from the left of our lines to the support of Rodes' division, now being heavily assaulted by the enemy. When my division reached this position the enemy had carried the portion of work held by Doles' brigade, Rodes' division, and had reached a point more than 100 yards in rear of the line. My leading brigade (Johnston's North Carolina) was immediately formed, by direction of Lieutenant-General Ewell, across the head of the enemy's column and ordered to charge. In the mean time Gordon's brigade was also formed and ordered forward. The enemy was driven back with considerable loss, and our lines re-established. The loss in these two brigades was light.

BATTLE OF MAY 12.

Orders from Lieutenant-General Ewell directed that I should use my division as a support to either Johnson's or Rodes' division, or to both, as circumstances should require. I had, therefore, placed my largest brigade (Gordon's, now Evans') in rear of Rodes' right and Johnson's left, and directly in front of the McCool house. The other two brigades were held in reserve near the Harris house. During the night of the 11th I received information from Major-General Johnson that the enemy was massing in his front, and under the general instructions I had received from corps headquarters I sent another brigade (Pegram's) to report to him. At the earliest dawn I heard musketry in the direction of the Salient, held by Jones' brigade, of Johnson's division, and at once ordered my other brigade (Johnston's) to move toward the firing. The situation at this time was as follows; Evans' brigade was in position immediately in rear of the left of Johnson's division and Rodes' right. Pegram's brigade was placed by General Johnson in the trenches near his left and to the left of the Salient, and Johnston's brigade was moving from the Harris house toward the Salient. The check given by Jones' brigade to the enemy's assaulting column was so slight that no time was afforded for bringing into position the supporting force. No information was brought to me of the success of the enemy, and in the early dawn and dense fog I was

