
move of troops was contemplated. About the same time, or soon after, scouts and officers on the picket-line and brigade commanders informed me that the enemy were moving to the right and concentrating in my front, and all concurred in the opinion that my lines would be assaulted in the morning. I concurred in this opinion and communicated the facts that led me to believe that I would be attacked to you about 12, or between 10 and 12 o'clock on the 11th, at the same time requesting that the artillery which had been withdrawn should be sent back to its original position. At the same time I ordered my command to be on the alert, some brigades to be awake all night, and all to be up and in the trenches an hour or so before daylight. This order was obeyed. At the first intimation of the advance of the enemy I went to the trenches. Soon after my arrival there a heavy column assaulted my right (Steuart's brigade), which after a fierce conflict, was repulsed with the assistance of two pieces of artillery. Immediately after this a very heavy column debouched from the pines about half or three-quarters of a mile from my works, and advanced upon the Salient, held by Jones' brigade. I then found that the artillery which had withdrawn the night previous had not returned, but looking I saw it just coming in sight. I dismounted, went into the trenches, collected all the men possible to hold the enemy in check until the artillery could get into position and open upon this column, which came up in large numbers, but in great disorder, with a narrow front, but extending back to the rear as far as I could see. I ordered the artillery to drive up at a gallop. They did so. The enemy were held in check somewhat by the infantry fire, but the artillery did not get into position, nor did it fire a shot upon this column before they were captured. I felt confident that a few shots would disperse this force, which offered so fair a mark to artillery, hence I remained to the last endeavoring to check them until the artillery could get into position. There was no surprise. My men were up and in the trenches prepared for the assault before the enemy made their appearance. The first assault on the right with two pieces of artillery and one brigade was handsomely repulsed. The main attack would have been repulsed had any artillery [been] on the line which could have possibly swept the ground over which they advanced. The ground was over open fields with abatis in front for some distance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL, C. S. Army.

Numbers 289. Reports of Major General Stephen D. Ramseur, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, Rodes' division, of operations May 4-27.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER,

August 10, 1864.

GENERAL: Your note of 16th ultimo was received a few days ago. I take the first opportunity to reply. The copy of my report of the fight of the 12th of May has been misplaced. I therefore send you a

