
copy of my report of the operations of my brigade from 4th of May until 27th of May. This report is very brief, and hastily written. It does not do justice to the brave officers and men under my command, but in the midst of a most active campaign it was the best I could do. Being separated from my brigade I have not been able to procure a list of killed and wounded. This list will be forwarded at my first opportunity. I have left to yourself and General Rodes to represent me fairly in all these fights. After my disaster of the 20th ultimo (which I have asked Major New to explain to you in person), I need all the encouragement you can give me.

With the assurances of my very high esteem, I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. D. RAMSEUR,

Major-General.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL.
HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S DIVISION,August 3, 1864.

In accordance with the request of Major-General Rodes, I have the honor to submit the following brief account of the operations of my brigade from May 4 until May 27, when I was assigned to the command of this division:

I was on outpost duty with my brigade at Raccoon Ford when the enemy crossed at Germanna and Ely's Fords on May 3 and 4. I was left with my own brigade, three regiments of Pegram's brigade, and three regiments from Johnson's division, to resist any crossing the enemy might attempt on my front, which extended from Rapidan Station to Mitchell's Ford. On the morning of the 6th I discovered, by a reconnaissance as far as Culpeper Court-House, that the main body of the enemy had crossed to the south side of the river. I therefore moved rapidly and rejoined the corps that night, taking position in echelon on the extreme left to protect Major-General Johnson's left flank.

On the morning of the 7th I was moved in rear of our center as a reserve either to Major-Generals Johnson or Rodes. Burnside's corps moved to envelop General Rodes' right and cut off the Second Corps from the army. The distance from General Rodes to Lieutenant General A. P. Hill's left being about a mile, General Rodes ordered me to form on Brigadier-General Daniel's right and to push back Burnside's advance. Moving at a double-quick, I arrived just in time to check a large flaking party of the enemy, and by strengthening and extending my skirmish line half a mile to the right of my line I turned the enemy's line, and by a dashing charge with my skirmishers, under the gallant Major Osborne, of the Fourth North Carolina Regiment, drove not only the enemy's skirmishers, but his line of battle, back fully half a mile, capturing some prisoners and the knapsacks and shelter-tents of an entire regiment. This advance on our right enabled our right to connect with Lieutenant-General Hill's left. On the night of the 7th marched to the right, and on the 8th by a wonderfully rapid march arrived just in time to prevent, by a vigorous charge, the Fifth Corps from turning General Humphreys' right flank. In this charge we drove the enemy back half a mile into his entrenchments. My brigade was then withdrawn and constructed entrenchments on the right of Kershaw's division.

