
to attack with my brigade. I advanced and drove the enemy rapidly and with severe loss until my flanks were both partially enveloped. I then retired about 200 yards and reformed my line, with Grimes' brigade on my left and Battle's on my right. At this moment the troops of Johnson's division, now under General Gordon, on Grimes' left, were flanked and retreated in disorder. This compelled our line to fall back to our first position. Here a heavy force attacked us. Fortunately Pegram's gallant brigade came in on my left in elegant style just as the enemy were about to turn me there. Severel attacks of the enemy were repulsed, and we were able to hold our position until night, when we quietly and safely withdrew to our original lines.

The conduct of my brigade on this occasion Major-General Rodes witnessed and can testify to. I may be pardoned for feeling that the steady bravery of my troops largely contributed to the repulse of the enemy's heavy force and the salvation of our corps. Marched to Hanover Junction on May 22. On the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th skirmished with the enemy. On the 27th moved toward the Chickahominy. Relieved from the command of my brigade and assigned to Early's division on this day.

"While we envy not others their merited glory," we feel it to be our bounden duty to North Carolina, to our gallant soldiers, and to our dead heroes, that we should be fairly represented in history's story. We therefore call upon our major-general and lieutenant-general, both of whom witnessed our conduct on May 12 and 19, to tell our fellow-citizens how we did our duty.

Respectfully submitted.

S. D. RAMSEUR,

Major-General.

Major PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 290. Report of Brigadier General Cullen A. Battle, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 8.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, BATTLE'S BRIGADE,May 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I understand that an unjust opinion prevails as to the conduct of this brigade in the action of yesterday. It has been said by staff officers at higher headquarters that Battle's brigade would not advance. The simple truth is that in obedience to your order I advanced, passing a line of our troops then engaging the enemy on our front; charged the enemy and drove him rapidly for about 600 yards. At this point I encountered the enemy's works, supported by two lines of battle. My left was originally nearest the enemy, and as a consequence the Twelfth Alabama, Sixth Alabama, and Sixty-first Alabama Regiments first encountered the works, and the colors and some officers of the Sixth and Sixty-first were captured within the enemy's works. Just at this time, too, there was much confusion on my right, caused in a great measure by the crowding together of troops of my own and other brigades. At least three brigades of your division were represented. Believing from the evident demor-

