
alization of the enemy that his position could be carried, I attempted to lead forward all the troops at that point. To accomplish this purpose, I took the colors of the Third Alabama in my hand, went forward, and asked the men to follow. I regret to say that the result did not correspond with my high hopes and confident expectations, a result no doubt greatly attributable to physical exhaustion from long marching, constant labor, and their rapid advance. At the time I was attempting to lead forward the men, General Ramseur came up and we united our efforts, but with results scarcely better than before. All Confederate troops in that vicinity retired together by your order. There is not a particle of truth in the report that this brigade was driven back. Not a foot of ground was lost except the few paces (not more than 20) on the left within the enemy's works. We retired from the immediate front of the enemy in good order.

These are plain facts. If the justify censure let it be given, but I protest against staff officers speaking without the card. I make no appeal to clemency, but those who know me best except me to insist on a full measure of justice. I request that the contents of this paper be communicated to General Ewell.

I am, general, yours, most truly,

C. A. BATTLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General RODES.

P. S.-The men are still much exhausted, and I have received a painful injury on my right foot, but if the service requires it, and the honor of my command requires it, we are ready for action.

Numbers 291. Report of Brigadier General Armiestead L. Long, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Second Army Corps, of operations May 4-31.

STAUNTON, November 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of the Second Corps from May 4 to 31, 1864:

I received orders on May 4 from Lieutenant-General Ewell to move my artillery to the front. I immediately broke up my grazing camps in the neighborhood of Gordonsville, and directed Colonel Brown to move his division of artillery in the direction of Locust Grove. Cutshaw's battalion was ordered to report to Colonel Carter, who had been ordered some days before the vicinity of Raccoon Ford with Page's battalion, of his division. Nelson's battalion had been some time on the front operating with Early's division of infantry.

On the 5th all my artillery was concentrated at Locust Grove, on the old turnpike from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg, in the immediate vicinity of the infantry of the Second Corps. On reporting to General Ewell I learned that the enemy was in his front. Major General Edward Johnson's division of infantry was advanced, accompanied by Nelson's battalion of artillery. After moving a short distance the division was deployed across the pike, and one battery (Milledge's) was put in position to the right of the road in

