
front of Jones' brigade. The enemy attacking while the position of this brigade was being changed, it became necessary to withdraw Milledge's battery. After a very spirited attack the enemy was repulsed with considerable loss. General Ewell then took up his position without further opposition. His line extended on each side of the turnpike, the road passing through the center of his division. The right wing was nearly at right angles to the pike, and the left wing was bent back to cover the road leading to the Germanna plank road. The country was of such a character (being a dense wilderness) that but few opportunities offered for the effective use of artillery; nevertheless, a portion of Nelson's guns were posted on a commanding ridge, with a small field in front, immediately on the road, 1 mile from the Lacy house. Two others of Nelson's guns were placed on the road leading to Germanna Ford, to operate with the troops of the left wing of the corps. The artillery during the day was several times used with effect in repulsing partial attacks of the enemy. For the better service of the artillery, our line being quite extended, I directed Colonel Brown to take charge of that portion posted on the right of the turnpike, and Colonel Carter that on the left. Early on the morning of the 6th Colonel Carter was directed to concentrate as many guns as could be spared on the left of our position, which was a good deal exposed, and the enemy was feeling in that direction as if intending to attempt our flank. These guns, with a small infantry support, sufficiently protected this point. During the day the enemy made an attack on Gordon's brigade, which was on our extreme left. Some of these guns were used with considerable effect in assisting to repel this attack. Early in the day Colonel Brown, while selecting a position for a battery, was shot by a sharpshooters and instantly killed. His loss was deeply felt throughout the whole army. He not only exhibited the highest social qualities, but was endowed with the first order of military talents. On every where he was called to act he was distinguished for gallantry and skill. The artillery will ever remember him as one of its brightest ornaments. Nelson's battalion was relieved during the day by guns from Lieutenant-Colonel Hardaway's and Major Cutshaw's battalions, Cutshaw occupying the position on the right of the pike, and Hardaway that on the Germanna road. Lieutenant-Colonel Braxton's battalion was put in position on our extreme right, filling the intervals between Rodes' right and Hill's left. A few guns were distributed along Rodes' front.

The opposing forces were during the 7th only occupied in light skirmishing. I was directed by General Ewell to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Germanna Ford. Taking one brigade of infantry and two battalions of artillery. I advanced to the Germanna plank road, striking it about a mile from the ford. Two or three regiments of cavalry were occupying the road at this point. These were soon driven away by a few well-directed shots, a small number retreating toward the ford, and the rest in the direction of the main body of Grant's army. It was discovered that the enemy had almost entirely abandoned the ford and road. It was evident that they were leaving our front. Late in the afternoon I was ordered by General Ewell to hold myself in readiness to move. Nelson, Hardaway, and Cutshaw were directed to encamp at Verdierville. Braxton and Page were ordered to remain with the infantry and move with it.

