
of artillery alone. In the afternoon [19th], General Ewell having determined to make a flank movement, Lieutenant-Colonel Braxton was directed to accompany him with six guns of select caliber. After proceeding 2 or 3 miles the road were found to be impracticable for artillery, and Braxton was ordered to return to his former position. The Second Corps, on the 21st, moved to the right to Mud Tavern, there taking the Telegraph road to Hanover Junction. Arrived at that place on the 22nd.

The enemy soon confronted us, but not making any attempt on our lines, the artillery remained quietly in position till the morning of the 27th, when the whole army moved in the direction of Richmond, and on the 28th went into position on the Totopotomoy, General Ewell's corps being near Pole Green Church. About this time General Early assumed command of the Second Corps.

It gives me great pleasure to be able to call the attention of the commanding general to the uniform good conduct of all the officers and men under my command. In battle they were brave and determined, and in camp they were obedient and attentive. I have ever found them what soldiers should be. I would especially call attention and express my thanks to Colonel Carter, who commanded a division of artillery, and also rendered valuable assistance in selecting positions and in the general supervision of the lines; and to Lieutenant-Colonels Nelson, Hardaway, and Braxton, Majors Cutshaw and Page, commanding battalions, and to Majors Stribling and Moorman. These officers were always particularly distinguished for gallantry in the field and for their careful attention to discipline in camp and on the march. I would also call special attention to the members of my staff. Lieutenant S. V. Southall, assistant adjutant-general, was with me in all our operations and rendered me the most valuable aid. He was always conspicuous for coolness and judgment. Major F. P. Turner, chief assistant quartermaster; Captain W. J. Armstrong, commissary of subsistence; Captain Gregory, ordnance officer, and Dr. J. A. Straith, chief surgeon, were all distinguished for the able administration of their departments; also my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Robert O. Arrington.

Being absent from my command, I am unable to append a list of casualties. The chief loss was upon the capture of Custhaw's and Page's battalions on May 12.

This report would have been submitted at a much earlier period had it not been for the difficulties incident to an active campaign in getting sub-reports, and my own lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

AJDT. General, Lieutenant General EWELL'S COMMAND,

Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.

By General Ewell's direction I wrote to General Long immediately upon receipt of this, asking him to specify from whom came the orders for withdrawal of his guns from General Edward Johnson's lines. No answer ever received. Wrote a second time with same result. I heard General R. E. Lee give the order to General Long in person in General Ewell's presence.

CAMPBELL BROWN.

