
MAY 6, 1874.

This indorsement is not dated, but from the handwriting and the ink used I take it to have been made about 1865, before the evacuation of Richmond. The fact is as clear in my memory to-day as ever. The order was given at the Harris house shortly before sunset of the 11th. The above is a true copy.

CAMPBELL BROWN.

Numbers 292. Itinerary of Hardaway Light Artillery Battalion.

Since last must (April 30, 1864) this battalion (formerly known as First Regiment Virginia Artillery) has marched from camp near Barboursville, Orange County, Va., via Verdierville, Mine Run, and Locust Grove, to the Wilderness, and encamped near the line of battle, but was not engaged.

May 7.-Received orders to move toward Spotsylvania Court-House via Shady Grove Church. Reached Spotsylvania Court-House morning of May 9, and encamped near what is known as the New Court-House. Put Smith's battery into position on Brigadier-General Walker's (Third Corps) line at night. The battery was afterward withdrawn. Next morning put Jones' and Smith's guns in position on General Rodes' line and Captain Dance's battery on General Johnson's line. Captain Dance's guns were afterward relieved by Captain Milldge, of Nelson's battalion, and he remained in reserve just in rear of the line the balance of the day. Smith's battery was engaged in shelling the enemy's skirmishers, who were very troublesome, and in replying to one of his batteries nearly all day. Jones' battery fired a few shot. About 6 p.m. the enemy charged and succeeded in breaking our line to Smith's right. Major David Watson was with this battery and Lieutenant-Colonel Hardaway with Jones'. Smith's guns were worked until the enemy was entirely in rear of the battery and when its fire would have been more fatal to friend than foe. The guns were then abandoned by Major Watson's order, and the majority of officers and men succeeded in making their escape. Captain Smith and 24 of his men were captured, 3 killed, and 12 wounded. The enemy never succeeded in getting as far to the left of our line as Jones' position, and they were soon charged by Ramseur's and other brigades of Rodes' and Johnson's divisions and driven back beyond Smith's guns. As soon as the enemy were driven from the guns Colonel Hardaway and Major Watson, with what men could be gotten together, commenced working two of them upon the enemy with good effect. After about an hour or two the enemy were finally dislodged and driven back to his own line. Major Watson was wounded while working one of Smith's guns and died of his wounds some four or five days after.

May 11.-Remained in line of battle.

May 12.-The battalion still in line of battle and Jones, Dance, and Graham engaged.

May 13.-Majors Cutshaw and Stribling temporarily assigned to this battalion.

---------------

*From Record of Events on muster-rolls of field and staff for June 30.

---------------

69 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

