
that meant to conquer, were now rapidly descending upon the enemy's left. The movement was a sucess-complete as it was brilliant. The enemy were swept from our front on the plank road, where his advantages of position had been already felt by our line, and from which the necessity for his dislodgment had become a matter of much interest. Besides this valuable result the plank road had been gained and the enemy's lines bent back in much disorder; the way was open for greater fruits. His long lines of dead and wounded which lay in the wake of our swoop furnished evidence that he was not allowed time to change front, as well as of the execution of our fire. Among his wounded Brigadier-General Wadsworth, commanding a division, fell into our hands.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. Sorrel, of General Longstreet's staff, who was with me in conducting this movement, and Cat. Robertson Taylor, assistant adjutant-general of Mahone's brigade, who was wounded in the fight, specially deserve my earnest commendation for efficiency and conspicuous gallantry on this occasion.

The casualties of the brigade were as follows: Officers, 1 killed and 3 wounded; men, 19 killed, 123 wounded; 7 missing; total, 20 killed, 126 wounded, 7 missing.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Anderson's Division.

Numbers 294. Report of Brigadier General Nathaniel H. Harris, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 12-13.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Petersburg, Va., December 5, 1864.

MAJOR: Your note of the 30th ultimo relative to the request made by me for an acknowledgment from General Ewell of the services of my command on May 12 last, and asking a report in detail of the operations of my brigade on that day, and also of such other commands of General Ewell's corps as came under my observation, has been received. The following copy of my official report of that day's operations will be the best means of complying with your request:

* * * * * *

On the morning of May 12 I received orders orders to move by the right flank and at a double-quick across the Po River in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. Halting near the Court-House for a few minutes, orders were received from General Lee, through Lieutenant-Colonel Venable, of his staff, to move by the flank on a road leading in the direction of the works lost by the division of General Edward Johnson. The command was soon under a most galling fire of grape and canister from the enemy's batteries, through which the men moved at a double-quick, displaying that coolness and steadiness under fire indicative of the veteran soldier. Arriving near the lost works, Major-General Rodes informed me that my command was expected to form on the right of Ramseur's brigade, of his division, and recapture the works. General Rodes gave me as a guide a staff officer, whose name I have been unable to ascertain, and under his guidance I moved by the right flank on a road which I afterward discovered ran at right angles with the line of works, and was soon exposed to a heavy musketry and artillery fire. At this point the

