
I saw none of General Ewell's command except Ramseur's brigade, which joined me on the left. Only a portion of the right of that brigade was engaged after the early morning, all the efforts of the enemy seeming to be directed against the position held by my command. In addition to Ramseur's brigade, of Ewell's corps, the adjutant of the Sixth Alabama Regiment with a few noble men of his regiment on the field, but do not remember it. A braver or more daring officer I never saw, and, I regret to add, sealed his devotion with his life's blood.

I hope the foregoing facts may prove of some service to General Ewell. I asked of him some acknowledgment, because I believe my command bore the brunt of the fight on that eventful day, and think it due to the men.

The staff officer given me by General Rodes as a guide, and who so disgracefully fled the field, was, I am confident, not of General Rodes' staff, but of some brigade of his division.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. HARRIS,

Brigadier-General.

Major CAMPBELL BROWN,

A. and I. G., Lieutenant-General Ewell's Staff,

Richmond, Va.

Numbers 295. Report of Brigadier General Samuel McGowan, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, Wilcox's division, of operations May 8-13.

We remained at the trenches in the Wilderness until Sunday afternoon, May 8, when we marched by the right flank toward Spotsylvania. Bivouacked that night near Shady Grove, and reached the Court-House on Monday morning, the 9th. We were put into position by Major-General Wilcox on the right of our line in the suburbs of the village, and immediately threw up a breast-work. Here we remained, with more or less skirmishing, until the 12th.

Thursday morning, the 12th, was dark and rainy, and at a very early hour a tremendous fire of artillery and musketry was heard on the line to our left. We were moved along the breast-work toward the left until we reached a sharp angle in the works near a brickkiln, opposite to which the enemy had established a battery. I threw the sharpshooters into a woods to our front and right to pick off the gunners and horses. Here we remained until about 9 a.m., when I was directed to march with my brigade and report to General Ewell, who directed Major-General Rodes to put me in on the right of his line to support General Harris, and assist in filling up the gap which had been made by the capture of Major-General Johnson and a part of his command. At this place our line of works made a sharp angle, pointing toward the enemy, which angle the enemy held in great force, besides having the woods and ravine in front occupied by multitudes, who seemed to be as thick as they could stand. The right of my brigade extended some distance up

