
the left side of the angle and rested on nothing but the enemy, who held the point, and some portion (I never knew how much) of the right side of the angle. Besides having no support on my right, this part of my line was enfiladed from the point of the angle and the gap held by the enemy. In getting into this trench we had to pass through a terrific fire. I was wounded, and knew nothing of what occurred afterward from personal observation. I am informed that the brigade found in the trenches General Harris and what remained of his gallant brigade, and they (Mississippians and Carolinians), mingled together, made on of the most gallant and stubborn defenses recorded in history. These two brigades remained there, holding our line without re-enforcements, without food, water, or rest, under a storm of balls which did not intermit one instant of time for eighteen hours. The trenches on the right in the Bloody Angle ran with blood and had to be cleared of the dead bodies more than once.

To give some idea of the intensity of the fire, an oak tree 22 inches in diameter, which stood just in rear of the right of the brigade, was cut down by the constant scaling of musket-balls, and fell about 12 o'clock Thursday night, injuring by its fall several soldiers in the First South Carolina Regiment.

The brigades mentioned held their position from 10 o'clock Thursday morning until 4 o'clock Friday morning, when they were withdrawn, by order, to the new line established in rear.

The loss in my brigade was very heavy, especially in killed, being in the aggregate 451-86 killed on the field; 248 wounded, many of whom have since died; 117 missing, doubtless captured.

Our men lay on one side of the breast-work and the enemy on the other, and in many instances men were pulled over. It is believed that we captured as many prisoners as we lost.

Among the casualties are Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Shooter, and Lieutenant E. C. Shooter, of the First [Infantry, Provisional Army;] Lieutenant J. B. Blackmon, jr., and J. R. Faulkenburg, of the Twelfth; Colonel B. T. Brockman and Captain J. K. Brockman, of the Thirteenth; Lieuts. A. M. Scarborough and H. N. Hunter, of the Fourteenth, and Captain G. W. Fullerton, of the [First] Rifles, killed. Colonel C. W. McCreary, Lieuts. A. F. Miller, James Armstrong, Captain W. A. Kelly, and Lieutenant M. R. Tharin, of the First [Infantry, Provisional Army;] Lieutenant W. B. White, and Captain Stover, of the Twelfth; Captain J. Y. McFall and Lieutenant W. J. Rook, of the Thirteenth; Captain G. W. Culbertson, Lieuts. J. M. Miller and D. E. Brown, Capts. E. Cowan and J. M. McCarley, of the Fourteenth; Capts. L. Rogers, and R. S. Cheshire, Lieuts. L. T. Reeder and A. C. Sinclair, and Lieutenant Colonel G. McD. Miller, of the Rifles, wounded.

In all these operations I take pleasure in acknowledging the great assistance of my staff. Major A. B. Wardlaw, brigade commissary; Major Harry Hammond, brigade quartermaster, and Lieutenant C. G. Thompson, ordnance officer, were active and efficient in their appropriate departments.

Captain L. C. Haskell, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant G. Allen Wardlaw, aide-de-camp, were everywhere on the field of battle where honor and duty called (both of these officers had their horses killed under them in the Wilderness), and were always conspicuous for coolness and gallantry, &amp;c.

S. McGOWAN.

