
Numbers 296. Report of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps, including operations June 8-24.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 9, 1864.

COLONEL: Having notified the general commanding on the morning of June 8 that Sheridan with a heavy force of cavalry and artillery had crossed the Pamunkey, I was ordered to take one division in addition to my own and follow him. Supposing that he would strike at Gordonsville and Charlottesville, I moved rapidly with my division so as to interpose my command between him and the places named above, at the same time directing Major General Fitzhugh Lee to follow as speedily as possible. In two days' march I accomplished the object I had in view-that of placing myself in front of the enemy-and I encamped on the night of the 10th in Green Spring Valley, 3 miles beyond Trevilian Station, on the Central railroad, while General Fitzhugh Lee encamped the same night nera Louisa Court-House. Hearing during the night that the enemy had crossed the North Anna at Carpenter's Ford, I determined to attack him at daylight. General Lee was ordered to attack on the road leading from Louisa Court-House to Clayton's Store, while my division would attack on the road from Trevilian Station to the same point. By this disposition of my troops I hoped to cover Lee's left and my right flank; to drive the enemy back if he attempted to reach Gordonsville by passing to my left, and conceal my real design, which was to strike him at Clayton's Store after uniting the two divisions.

At daylight my division was ready to attack at Trevilian, Butler's and Young's brigades being held for that purpose, while Rosser was sent to cover a road on my left. Soon after these dispositions were made General Lee sent to inform me that he was moving out to attack. Butler was immediately advanced and soon met the enemy, whom he drove handsomely until he was heavily re-enforced and took position behind works. Young's brigade was sent to re-enforce Butler, and these two brigades pushed the enemy steadily back, and I hoped to effect a junction with Lee's division at Clayton's Store in a short time; but while we were driving the enemy in front it was reported to me that a force had appeared in my rear. Upon investigation I found this report correct. The brigade which had been engaging General Lee having withdrawn from his front, passed his left and got into my rear. This forced me to withdraw in front and to take up a new line. This was soon done, and the brigade (Custer's) which had attacked me in rear was severely punished, for I recalled Rosser's brigade, which charged them in front, driving them back against General Lee, who was moving up to Trevilian and capturing many prisoners. In this sudden attack on my rear the enemy captured some of my led horses, a few ambulances and wagons, and three caissons. These were all recaptured by Generals Rosser and Lee, the latter taking in addition four caissons and the headquarters wagon of Brigadier-General Custer. My new line being established I directed General Lee to join me with his command as soon as possible. The enemy tried to dislodge me from my new position but failed, and the relative positions of the opposing forces remained the same during the night.

The next day, at 12 m., General Lee reported to me, and his division was placed so as to support mine in case the enemy attacked.

