
At 3.30 p.m. a heavy attack was made on my left, where Butler's brigade was posted. Being repulsed the enemy made a succession of determined assaults, which were all handsomely repulsed.

In the mean time General Lee had, by my direction, re-enforced Butler's left with Wickham's brigade, while he took Lomax's brigade across to the Gordonsville road, so as to strike the enemy on his right flank. This movement was successful and the enemy, who had been heavily punished in front, when attacked on his flank fell back in confusion, leaving his dead and a portion of his wounded on the field. I immediately gave orders to follow him up, but it was daylight before these orders could be carried out, the fight not having ended until 10 p.m. In this interval the enemy had withdrawn entirely, leaving his dead scattered over the whole field, with about 125 wounded on the ground and in temporary hospitals. We captured, in addition to the wounded, in the fight and the pursuit 570 prisoners. My loss in my own division was 59 killed, 258 wounded, and 295 missing; total, 612. Among the former I have to regret the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, Seventh Georgia, who behaved with great gallantry, and Captain Russell, of the same regiment, who was acting as major. In the list of wounded were Brigadier-General Rosser, who received a painful wound in the first day's fight while charging the enemy at the head of his brigade, and whose absence from the field was a great loss to me; Colonel Aiken, Sixth South Carolina, who had borne himself with marked good conduct during the fight; Lieutenant-Colonel King, Cobb's Legion, who was wounded in a charge, and Major Anderson, Seventh Georgia.

The enemy in his retreat crossed the river at Carpenter's Ford and kept down on the north bank of the stream. As he had a pontoon train with him which enabled him to cross the river at any point, I was forced to keep on the south of the rivers, so as to

interpose my command between him and Grant's army, which he was seeking to rejoin. During several days while we marched on parallel lines I constantly offered battle, which he studiously declined, and he followed the northern bank of the Mattapony and the Pamunkey until he gained the shelter of his gun-boats on the latter at the White House, where he crossed during the night. Here he met a strong re-enforcement with supplies, and after resting a day he moved down the river, thence across the country to the Forge Bridges, where he crossed the Chickahominy. Chambliss' brigade, which had joined me two days previous, attacked him at this point and drove him some distance. Fearing that he migh pass up the James River, through Charles City Court-House, and Westover, I took position that night so as to cover the roads from Long Bridge to the latter place.

The next morning June 24, he drove in my picket at Samaria [Saint Mary's] Church and advanced beyond Nance's Shop. I determined to attack him, and to this end I ordered Brigadier-General Gary, who joined me that morning, to move from Salem Church around to Smith's Store, and to attack on the flank as soon as the attack in front commenced. General Lee left Lomax to hold the river road and brought Wickham to join in the attack. The necessary arrangements having been made, General Gary advanced from Smith's Store and took position near Nance's Shop. The enemy had in the mean time thrown up strong works along his whole line, and his position was a strong one. As soon as Gary had engaged the

