
enemy Chambliss was thrown forward, and by a movement handsomely executed connected with him, and the two brigades were thrown on the flank of the enemy. At the same moment the whole line, under the immediate command of Major General Fitzhugh Lee, charged the works of the enemy, who, after fighting stubbornly for a short time, gave way, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. This advance of our troops was made in the face of a very heavy fire of artillery and musketry, and it was most handsomely accomplished. As soon as the enemy gave was I brought up the Phillips and the Jeff. Davis Legions (mounted), ordering them to charge. This they did most gallantly, the enemy for 3 miles in confusion. Robins' battalion and the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry were mounted and participated in a part of this charge, in which Lieutenant-Colonel Massie, commanding the latter, was wounded while gallantly leading his men over the works of the enemy. The enemy was completely route and were pursued to within 2 1/2 miles of Charles City Court-House, the pursuit lasting till 10 o'clock at night. We captured 157 prisoners, including 1 colonel and 12 commissioned officers, and the enemy left their wounded, amounting to quite a large number, scattered over the ground upon which we had fought. My loss was 6 killed and 59 wounded in my own division. The reports of losses from the other commands have not been sent to me.

Sheridan retreated to Wyanoke Neck in order to cross the James River under protection of the gun-boats, and I, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, moved on June 26, to the pontoon bridge, with a view to cross and join the army on the south side of the James River. This closed my operations, which had for their object the defeat of Sheridan's movement in our rear.

The recent publications of the enemy, together with some of their orders which have been captured, show that Sheridan's object was to destroy Gordonsville and Charlottesville, with the railroad near those places; to unite with Hunter in his attack on Lynchburg, and after the capture of that place to move their joint forces to the White House on the Pamunkey from which point they could join Grant or threaten Richmond. Sheridan was defeated at Trevilian; was punished in the skirmishes at the White House and Forge Bridge, and was routed at Samaria [Saint Mary's] Church. We captured 852 prisoners, while his loss in killed and wounded was very heavy.

I beg to express my entire satisfaction at the conduct of officers and men in my command. Major General Fitzhugh Lee co-operated with me heartily and rendered valuable assistance. Brigadier-General Butler, who commanded my division a part of the time; General Rosser and Colonel Wright, in my own command, all discharged their duties admirably. The same may be said of Colonel Dulany, who succeeded to the command of Rosser's brigade after General Rosser was wounded.

Brigadier-General Chambliss, with his brigade, rendered most efficient service, as did Brigadier-General Gary, both of these commands contributing largely tot he success at Samaria [Saint Mary's] Church. The subordinate officers have sustained their superiors well, and the men could not have behaved better than they did. The artillery, under Major Chew, was admirably handled and did good service. I am under obligations to my staff for the very able assistance they gave me, and I take pleasure in expressing not only my obligations, but my thanks to them.

