
When the general commanding takes into consideration the disparity in numbers of the troops engaged, the many disadvantages under which my men labored, their hard marches, their want of supplies, their numerous privations, and the cheerfulness with which these were borne, he will, I trust, be satisfied with the results accomplished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 297. Report of Brigadier General Thomas L. Rosser, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 15.

MAY 15, 1864.

I have just returned from an expedition in rear of the enemy's position, and as General Hampton is not here, think it well to report directly to you.

Near Piney Creek Church I found this morning a brigade of cavalry, which, after a brisk skirmish, I drove to the plank road, about 2 1/2 miles below Chancellorsville, below the Catharpin road, where I met a small force of infantry at Mr. Alrich's. Not more than a regiment was seen. Captured a few prisoners, who reported the Ninth Corps at this place. I then moved to the right, passing down the Ny River to Mr. Armstrong's, where I found a new road cut by the enemy's leading out into the Spotsylvania Court-House and Fredericksburg road, passing between the poor house and Mr. Harris'. Pressing down upon this road (which is almost impassable) I ran upon the Second Corps (so reported by the prisoners captured), which was just going into camp just to the right of the poor house. In going to this point I passed in rear of the enemy's line for some distance, the right of which rests at this time (I think it will be moved to-night) on the heights opposite Captain Brown's place (Mr. Rowe lives there now). All wagons, cattle, &amp;c., which have been on the plank road have been moved off toward Fredericksburg. There is nothing but a few cavalry near Chancellorsville, one brigade headquarters at Zion Church, about 3 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville, on the old pike.

Yours, truly,

THOS. L . ROSSER,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR.

Numbers 298. Report of Captain R. B. Kennon, Assistant Inspector-General, of operations May 5.

CATHARPIN ROAD, May 5, 1864.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Rosser directs me to say that he met the enemy (reported to be Kilkpatrick's old division) 2 miles below Allmand's. He charged the picket and drove it back on the

