
Hancock advanced on the road from Haw's Shop to Atlee's Station, driving the enemy into his works on the other side of the Totopotomoy. Warren took position on the Shady Grove Church road, skirmishing with the enemy. Wright moved on the right of the Second Corps, occupying for a time Hanover Court-House, and then closing in to the left. On the 30th, the Ninth Corps moved between the Second and Fifth Corps, pushing out on the road to Pole Green Church. Late in the evening the enemy attacked Warren near Bethesda Church, and attempted to turn his left, but were foiled and repulsed. To relieve Warren, Hancock was ordered to attack, when Barlow carried the first line of rifle-pits occupied by the enemy on the opposite side of the Totopotomoy.

On the 31st, Wilson's division of cavalry moved to Hanover Junction and destroyed the railroad bridges over the Anna River, at the same time defeating and driving away the enemy's cavalry sent to intercept him. Sheridan with two divisions was sent to occupy Cold Harbor, driving the enemy out of the place. Sheridan reporting himself pressed at Cold Harbor, was directed to maintain his position at all hazards, which he did manfully till Wright, with the Sixth Corps, and Major General W. F. Smith, with troops from the James River, via White House, could join him. These arrived on the 1st of June, relieving Sheridan, when both Wright and Smith attacked the enemy, taking parts of a line he was holding and forcing him back to another line.

On the 2nd of June the Second Corps was moved to Cold Harbor, and took position on the left of Wright, who was on the left of Smith. Burnside was drawn in to Bethesda Church, and Warren extended to the left to connect with Smith. In executing this operation, both Warren and Burnside were attacked, repulsing and punishing the enemy, but losing some prisoners by the flanking of their skirmish line. Wilson, returning from Hanover Junction, demonstrated on Burnside's right. Sheridan held the lower crossing of the Chickahominy, and covered the roads to the White House, now the depot for supplies.

At 4 a. m., June 3, a vigorous assault was made by the Second, Sixth, and Eighteenth Corps. Barlow's division, Second Corps, carried a part of the enemy's line on our extreme left, but before Barlow could be en-enforced, the enemy rallying compelled him to withdraw.

The assault of the Sixth and Eighteenth Corps being unsuccessful, about 11 a. m. offensive operations closed. In the mean time Burnside had gained some advantage, reporting he had carried an advance line of the enemy. The losses on both sides in this attack were severe. In the afternoon the enemy attacked Burnside and Warren, with no more success than we met in the morning. The army

was directed to intrench in its then position, close up [to] the enemy's main line of works. About 9 p. m., the enemy made an assault on Gibbon's division, Second Corps, and was easily repulsed. During the day Wilson, operating on our extreme right, turned the enemy's, left attacking and forcing him back, taking a number of prisoners.

On June 4, Burnside reporting the enemy withdraw from his front, the Ninth Corps was drawn in and posted between the Fifth and Eighteenth. On the 6th, the Fifth Corps was withdraw and massed in rear of the center, and on the 7th, the Second, being extended to the Chickahominy, two divisions of the Fifth were sent

