
ADDENDA.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 13, 1864.

The major-general commanding has the satisfaction of communicating to the troops the following extract from a dispatch he has received from the Secretary of War:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 12, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The Department congratulates you and your heroic army, and returns its cordial thanks for their gallant achievements during the last seven days, and hopes that the valor and skill far manifested will be crowned with the fruits of ultimate and decisive victory.

* * * * * * *

Truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 13, 1864.

SOLDIERS: The moment has arrived when your commanding general feels authorized to address you in terms of congratulation. For eight days and nights, almost without intermission, in rain and sunshine, you have been gallantly fighting a desperate foe, in positions naturally strong and rendered doubly so by entrenchments; you have compelled him to abandon his fortifications on the Rapidan, to retire and attempt to stop your onward progress, and now he has abandoned the last entrenched position, so tenaciously held, suffering in all a loss of 18 guns, 22 colors, and 8,000 prisoners, including 2 general officers. Your heroic deeds and noble endurance of fatigue and privations will ever be memorable. Let us return thanks to God for the mercy thus shown us, and ask earnestly for its continuance.

Soldiers, your work is not over, the enemy must be pursued, and, if possible, overcome. The courage and fortitude you have displayed renders your commanding general confident your future efforts will result in success. While we mourn the loss of many gallant comrades, let us remember the enemy must have suffered equal, if not greater, losses. We shall soon receive re-enforcements which he cannot expect. Let us determine than to continue vigorously the work so well begun, and, under God's blessing, in a short time the object of our labors will be accomplished.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

