
WILDERNESS TAVERN, May 6, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

We have been engaged with the enemy in full force since early yesterday. So far there is no decisive result, but I think all things are progressing favorably. Our loss to this time I do not think exceeds 8,000, of whom a large proportion are slightly wounded. Brigadier-General Hays was killed yesterday, and Generals Getty and Bartlett wounded. We have taken about 1,400 prisoners. Longstreet's, A. P. Hill's, and Ewell's corps are all represented among the prisoners taken.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilderness, May 7, 1864 - 10 a. m.

(Rececived by mail from Alexandria, Va., 10 p. m., 12th.)

We were engaged with the enemy nearly all day, both on the 5th and 6th. Yesterday the enemy attacked our lines vigorously, first at one point and then another, from right to left. They were repulsed at all points before reaching our lines, except once during the afternoon on Hancock's front and just after night on Sedgwick's front. In the former instance they were promptly and handsomely repulsed; the latter, Milroy's old brigade, was attacked and gave way in the greatest confusion, almost without resistance, carrying good troops with them. Had there been daylight the enemy could have injured us very much in the confusion that prevailed, they, however, instead of getting through the break, attacked General Wright's division of Sedqwick's corps, and were beaten back. Our losses to this time in killed, wounded, and prisoners will not probably exceed 12,000, of whom an unusually large proportion are but slightly wounded. Among the killed we have to deplore the loss of Generals Wadsworth and Hays, General Getty and Bartlett wounded, and Generals Seymour and Shaler taken prisoners. We have about 2,000 prisoners. They report General Jenkins killed and Longstreet wounded. I think the loss of the enemy must exceed ours, but this is only a guess based upon the fact that they attacked and were repulsed so often. I wish you would send me all the information you have from General Sherman, by Bull Run, and all the information from the James River expedition. At present we can claim no victory over the enemy, neither have they gained a single advantage. The enemy pushed out of his fortifications to prevent their position being turned, and have been sooner or later driven back in every instance. Up to this hour the enemy have not shown themselves in force within a mile of our lines.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Piney Branch Church, May 8, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

(Received 3.15 p. m.)

The army commenced moving south at 9 p. m. yesterday, and when closed up to the position assigned for first day's march will

