
It was constantly necessary to preserve the partition of responsibility and property between the medical and ambulance officers, that each should receive and account for what was proper to his own department. Neglect to make returns, followed by stoppage of pay, were otherwise to be expected in the new organization. Attempts were made to institute some system of ambulance service to meet the necessities of the Artillery Reserve, but without success, until the order promulgating the ambulance law was issued. Under its provisions the Artillery Reserve and artillery brigades of corps, with other independent commands, were adequately provided for.

The importance of a proper diet during winter, preparatory of troops for campaign, lifting them above the influence of ordinary depressants (of fatigue, privations, and exposure), and preserving them vigorous to the latest period, had not been overlooked. Reports were required of vegetables, soft bread, and especially valuable articles of the ration issued. An appearance of scorbutic taint in the cavalry, and the detection of discrepancies in reports (in that and the Second Corps) in regard to issues accredited called for investigation; and it is believed that greater vigilance was exercised thereafter by commissaries, medical officers, and others to be sure the troops received the best elements of the ration furnished. Reports of the daily diet were made to me.

The mean strength of the army is known to you. In the Ambulance Corps it is estimated there were serving as follows:

May - officers, 60; enlisted men, 2,300; June - officers, 70; enlisted men, 2,700; July - officers, 66; enlisted men, 2,600. The number of ambulances was near 800. The other property will appear in Statement B. The number of medical officers in the army in May amounted to 699; in June it advanced to 775; in July, 627. Hospital Stewards (not regimental) in May, 40; in June, 35; in July, 42.

I had associated with me upon duty an assistant medical director, 2 inspectors, medical purveyor and assistant, and 1 assistant surgeon (Asst. Surg. J. S. Billings, U. S. Army), specially assigned to collect and prepare statistics and data connected with the operations of the department. The result of his labor appear in the narrative of incidents characterizing the epochs.

SECTION I.

Condition of the Army, organization of the Medical Department, preliminary operations, and battle of the Wilderness, January 14 to May 8, 1864.

Position of the army. - During the months of January, February, March, and April, 1864, the Army of the Potomac continued to occupy the line of the Rapidan, guarding the Orange and Alexandria Railroad and having Brandy Station as its principal depot for supplies. The country being elevated and undulating afforded excellent sites for camps, and these were generally well located, well drained, and supplied with good spring water.

Nature of quarters. - The winter quarters of the troops were completed during the month of January, consisting for the most part of log huts about 8 feet square, the walls 4 feet high, and roofed with shelter-tents, each hut accommodating from 3 to 5 men. Much skill and taste was evinced in the arrangement of many of the camps, those of the Maine regiments being especially noticeable on account of the neatness and comfort of their huts. The beds of the men were

