
These sick were sent, via Orange and Alexandria Railroad, on special trains, which were about seven hours in making the trip.

Disabled men sent to the army. - A large number of recruits, substitutes, and drafted men were sent to the army during this period, and among them were many who were entirely unfit to perform the duties of a soldier. By a special report of Surgeon Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, it appears that of 57 recruits sent to the Sixth New York Heavy Artillery, 17 were hopelessly disabled from causes which must have long existed, and, in some of the cases, from causes which must have been apparent even to a non-professional man - such as curvature of the spine, loss of part of right hand, double hernia, idiocy, &amp; c. By a special report of Asst. Surg. George M. McGill, U. S. Army, dated March 2, 1864, it appears that among the recruits received by the Cavalry Corps, the number on sick reprot averaged 32 per cent.; number of permanently disabled men, 8 per cent.; number of deaths, 1/2 per cent. In consequence of this report an order was issued by Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps, that recruits should not be put upon outpost duty for two months after their arrival at the army. Examining boards were appointed in each corps for the examination of recruits, and the most objectionable were thus eliminated, but there still remained a number of youths, from eighteen to twenty years of age, who presented nothing absolutely exceptionable, but who soon broke down in the long marches of the succeeding campaign, and were a useless burden to the army.

Skirmish at Morton's Ford. - No important movements of troops or engagements occurred during this period, except a sharp skirmish at Morton's Ford, on 7th of February, by a portion of the Second Corps, in which our loss was 10 killed, 200 wounded, and 40 missing. The wounded were conveyed directly to the division hospitals of the corps and were there retained and treated.

Cavalry raids. - Two or three cavalry expeditions were made also, the principal one being what is known as Kilpatrick's, or the Richmond, February 29, and March 1 and 2, 1864. A special report of which by Surgeon Hackley is herewith forwarded.

Thus well sheltered, well fed, and well clothed, refreshed by a long rest, and visits to home and friends, and full of confidence in their cause and their leaders, the Army of the Potomac on the 1st of May, 1864, was as nearly perfect in its health, strength, and morale, as is possible in so large a body of troops.

Organization of the Medical Department. - The consolidation of the five infantry corps of the army into three by General Orders, Numbers 10, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, March 24, 1864, and the passage of the act of Congress fixing the ambulance system, approved March 11, 1864, enabled the medical department of the army to perfect its organization, and establish itself upon a firm basis. The medical department was placed upon the same footing as the other staff corps by Special Orders, Numbers 197, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, April 12, 1864, which designates the surgeons-in-chief of brigades and divisions, thus rendering their position to a great extent independent of the caprices of brigade and division commanders.

Ambulance Corps. - As the provisions of the ambulance law corresponded in all essential particulars to the system already instituted in the army by Dr. Letterman, no difficulty or delay occurred in its adoption. All of the ambulances were thoroughly repaired, painted,

