
ing surgeons, with the exception of those in the division hospitals, remained at the advance ambulance depot, which was usually about 500 yards in the rear of the line of battle. When a large number of wounded were brought in, these last were sent to the division hospital to act as dressers, &amp; c.

Organization of hospital of First Division, Fifth Corps. - In the First Division, Fifth Corps, 25 tents, 14 army wagons, and 3 medicine wagons were allowed, the division containing 21 regiments, 3 brigades, and 8,100 men. Five of the army wagons carried the brigade and regimental supplies, 3 the tents, 2 the cooking apparatus and 1,500 rations, and 4 the blankets and other hospital stores. The tents in this hospital were pitched by brigades, the operating tables being arranged as in the Second Corps. Thirty-six hospital attendants were employed. The drum corps of the division was employed during the first two weeks of the campaign; after that it was sent to the front, and 12 pioneers performed its duties. A provost guard was furnished the hospital. The medical officers not on duty at the division hospital formed advance depots near the line of battle, one or two depots being formed for each brigade.

Organization of hospital of First Division, Sixth Corps. - In the First Division, Sixth Corps, 24 tents, 17 army wagons, and 4 medicine wagons were allowed, the division containing 4 brigades, 17 regiments, and 8,000 men. Eight of the army wagons carried the regimental medical property, 4 the brigade supplies, and 5 the tents and division hospital supplies. One of these last was used more especially to form a small flying hospital for the division while on the march. The tents were pitched by brigades. Thirty-four hospital attendants were employed, but no drum corps or pioneers, except when detailed in emergencies. The tents were pitched and struck by the men belonging to the ambulance train, who had been especially drilled in that duty. Two depot hospitals for each brigade were established as near the line of battle as possible, the advance ambulances being close at hand, a second ambulance depot being usually formed about one-half mile in the rear. Each of these division hospitals could be pitched or taken down and packed in the wagons in forty-five minutes. The ambulances of the division when not in use were parked close by the hospital, the stretcher-bearers remaining at the front with the troops.

Superiority of the Fifth Corps organization. - The regimental medical property was never used during the active part of the campaign, and, as in the Fifth Corps, very little was carried. A much larger proportion of transportation was available for the division hospitals than in the other corps, and rations, clothing, condensed milk, and canned meats and fruits were carried without trouble.

Organization of the Cavalry Corps. - In the Cavalry Corps no system of division field hospitals was organized, as, owing to the peculiar nature of their service, their hospital train was, by orders or by circumstances, seldom near enough to be available during an engagement, and was entirely absent during their long expeditions and raids. The usual operating staff was detailed, however, and a full supply was carried in their train. The nearest available house was used as a hospital, and the wounded were in many instances subsisted by foraging, as will be seen by the reports of the cavalry raids. The Cavalry Corps hospital, consisting of twenty-two hospital tents, with furniture and hospital stores, medical officers, attendants, & c., the whole under charge of Surg. S. B. W. Mitchell,

