
Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was kept up during the winter, and was sent back to Alexandria on the 1st of May, from which point it moved directly to Fredericksburg as soon as the road was opened.

Medical supplies, how carried. - The medical and hospital supplies of the army were carried in the brigade supply and medicine wagons, the regimental and division hospital wagons, the ambulance boxes, hospital knapsacks, and field companions, and in a reserve train of thirty-five army wagons, which moved with the main train of the army, and was under the charge of Asst. Surg. J. Bernard Brinton, U. S. Army, the medical purveyor.

Amount of supplies carried. - The amount of medical and hospital supplies carried with the army is shown in the schedule, marked A, herewith transmitted. The means of transportation, and amount of camp and garrison equipage carried, is in like manner shown by Schedule B. This supply was estimated as sufficient for the wants of the army until June 1, 1864, and for the necessities of 20,000 wounded for eight days in addition. The medical purveyor had also under his control a large and commodious storehouse in Alexandria, in which a large amount of stores were placed in such a manner that they could be forwarded by either boat or rail with ease and quickness. A requisition for a complete three months' supply for the army for the period from July 1, 1864, to September 30, 1864, was sent in by the medical purveyor during the latter part of April. This supply reached the army at White House on the 1st of June.

Sanitary Commission. - The Sanitary Commission had five wagons in the army. The supplies carried in them are also given in Schedule A. The corps medical directors exercised their own discretion as to the movements of these wagons with the hospital trains. During the last week in April, all the sick and wounded were sent to Washington, the hospital broken up, all surplus property sent to the rear, and every preparation made for an immediate movement. The medical purveyor's depot at Brandy Station was broken up, and the surplus supplies sent to Alexandria on the 8th of May, it having been kept up till the last moment, that every brigade might have a complete month's supply on hand at the start. On the 1st of May the Fifth Corps, which had been up to that time guarding the railroad from Fairfax to Rappahannock Station, was concentrated near Brandy Station and Culpeper, its place being taken by the Ninth Corps. On the 30th of April the Second Division, Cavalry Corps, was withdrawn from Warrenton and moved to Paoli Mills.

Order of march, Cavalry Corps. - The movement of the army began at midnight of the 3rd of May. The Second and Third Divisions, Cavalry Corps, moved to Germanna and Ely's Fords, on the Rapidan, at which points canvass pontoon bridges were immediately thrown across.

Fifth Corps. - Two divisions of the Fifth Corps moved to Germanna Ford by way of Stevensburg and the plank road, taking with them a wooden pontoon bridge train, with which a second bridge was constructed at that ford by 7 a. m. of the 4th. The other two divisions of the corps followed, reaching the ford at 9 a. m.

Second Corps. - Two divisions of the Second Corps moved at midnight of the 3rd to Ely's Ford, and a wooden pontoon bridge was also thrown across at that point. The remainder of the corps followed at 3 a. m.

