
Sixth Corps, army trains. - The Sixth Corps moved at 4 a. m., following the Fifth. The Artillery Reserve followed the Second Corps. The trains of the army moved to Richardsville. General headquarters moved at 5 a. m., passing, by was of Stevensburg, to Germanna Ford, crossing the river at noon, and camping for the night on the heights on the south side of the river. The First Division, Cavalry Corps, guarded the river from Rapidan Station to Germanna Ford, covering the rear and right flank of the army. The only means of transportation allowed to cross the river were one-half of the infantry ammunition trains, one-half of the ambulances, 1 medicine and 1 hospital wagon to each brigade, and the light spring wagons and pack-mules belonging to the various corps and division headquarters. No opposition was made to the crossing, and as soon as the infantry had reached the river the cavalry moved southward, the Second Division to the vicinity of Piney Branch Church and the Third Division to the vicinity of Old Wilderness Tavern. A small body of Confederates was found at Chancellorsville, who retreated toward Fredericksburg, and another party near Parker's Store; with these exceptions no enemy appeared.

Position of the army on the 4th of May. - The main body of the army had crossed the river by 2 p. m., and on the evening of the 4th the Second Corps, with the Reserve Artillery, was near Chancellorsville, the Fifth Corps near Old Wilderness Tavern, and the Sixth Corps on the heights south of Germanna Ford. The distance marched was about 15 miles, the day cool and pleasant, the men fresh and in good spirits, and there was but little straggling. Fifty rounds of ammunition, three days' full rations in the haversacks, and three days' short rations in the knapsacks were carried by each soldier. Three days' rations of fresh beef on the hoof were also taken across the river.

Operations of May 5. - Early in the morning of the 5th of May it was found that the enemy were advancing from Orange Court-House with the design of striking our column at right angles while in line of march. The original intention of moving farther southward was temporarily abandoned, and the army moved into line of battle. The Fifth Corps held the center, lying across the Orange Court-House pike parallel to and 1 mile west of the Germanna Ford plank road.

Position of the Fifth Corps and of its hospitals. - The division hospitals of this corps were located on a slope of open ground by a small creek which crosses the Fredericksburg pike 1 mile east of Old Wilderness Tavern. Water for the hospitals was obtained from excellent springs in the vicinity, tents were pitched, operating tables and kitchens prepared, surgeons and attendants at their posts, and everything in readiness for the reception of wounded an hour before the cases began to arrive. The advance depot for the ambulances was near the turnpike, about 400 yards behind the line of battle. A surgeon with attendants was stationed at Old Wilderness Tavern for the purpose of dressing the slightly wounded who might be straggling along the road and who had passed by the advance hospitals without having been cared for. The wounded began to come in about 12 m, and by 9 p. m. 1,235 men had been received, fed, dressed, and sheltered.

Position of the Sixth Corps and location of hospitals. - The Sixth Corps was posted on the right of the Fifth, extending to the river, the Second Division moving during the day to the left of the Fifth Corps.

