
The hospital of the First Division of this corps was at the Spotswood house on the Germanna Ford turnpike; that of the Second Division on the Old Wilderness Run near Woodville Mine, and that of the Third Division near Old Wilderness Tavern. About 1,000 wounded were brought in during the day, the greater part from the Second Division.

Position of Second Corps. - The Second Corps got into position during the day along the Brock or Brook road, having an interval of nearly 2 miles between its right and the left of the Fifth Corps; this space was for the most part filled up during the day by General Burnside's command, and one division of the Sixth Corps.

Location of hospitals of Second Army Corps. - Its hospitals were located near Carpenter's house, 1 mile southeast of the junction of the Germanna Ford and Chancellorsville plank roads. The site was a good one, with good water, and two ambulance roads leading to the front, which was only a mile distant. About 600 wounded were received during the day.

Movements of army trains. - The trains of the army crossed during the day at Ely's Ford and Catharpin Mine Ford, and moved one part to Chancellorsville, the other to the vicinity of Woodville Mine.

Movements of Cavalry Corps. - The First Division, Cavalry Corps, crossed after the trains, and moved to Alrich's, picketing the roads toward Fredericksburg. The other divisions of the corps engaged with the enemy's cavalry during the day in the vicinity of Todd's Tavern, and had about 100 wounded. A temporary hospital was established at Brown's house, about half a mile northeast of Todd's Tavern, where all the wounded were dressed and fed and the necessary operations performed. They were then removed to the tent hospitals of the corps, one of which was established near Ely's Ford, by which point it was supposed that they would be sent to Washington, the other near the hospitals of the Fifth Corps. Army headquarters were on a little knoll near Woodville Mine during the day.

During the 6th and 7th of May the battle of the Wilderness continued, the corps and divisions remaining in nearly the same relative positions as above described, which are shown in the outline map appended to this report, together with the locations of the several hospitals and the roads used by the ambulances. As has been well said, "this was a battle which no man saw or coulee see," fought in the midst of dense thickets of second-growth underbrush and evergreens, rendering the use of artillery almost impossible, and compelling the opposing lines to approach very near each other in order to see their opponents. It was a series of fierce attacks and repulses on either side, and the hostile lines swayed back and forth over a strip of ground from 200 yards to a mile in width on which the severely wounded of both sides were scattered. This strip of woods was on fire in many places, and some wounded, unable to escape, were thus either suffocated or burned to death. The number who thus perished is unknown, but it is supposed to have been about 200. The stretcher-bearers of the Ambulance Corps followed the line of battle closely, and displayed great gallantry in their efforts to bring off the wounded. Repeated efforts were made, especially at night, to bring off the wounded lying between the lines, but with very small success, it being almost impossible to find wounded men lying scattered through the dense thickets, and the enemy firing at every moving

