
wounded man who could be reached by the stretcher-bearers was brought off the field, and about 4,000 blankets and shelter-tents were collected and brought into the hospitals.

On the morning of the 7th of May Major-General Meade ordered that all the wounded should be sent to Rappahannock Station, by way of Ely's Ford, to be sent from thence to Washington. All of the army wagons of the general and corps trains which could be emptied were turned over to the medical department during the day, and by 6 p. m. were being loaded with wounded. These wagons were thickly bedded with evergreen bought, over which shelter-tents and blankets were spread, and were comparatively comfortable for the class of cases for which they were used. Every facility was afforded by the quartermaster's department, and without such aid it would have been utterly impossible to have removed more than one-fourth of the wounded. Three hundred and twenty-five wagons and 488 ambulances were used for the wounded of the infantry corps, and it was found absolutely necessary to leave behind 960 wounded on account of lack of transportation. The wounded were divided into three classes: First, those able to walk; second, those unable to walk, but able to ride in army wagons; third, those most severely wounded, including the cases of fractures of the lower extremities, major amputations, and penetrating wounds of the thoracic and abdominal cavities. Two medical officers, 1 hospital steward, and 10 attendants were detailed to every 500 men, and rations, dressings, and medical stores furnished for three days. Surg. E. B. Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, was placed in charge of the entire train, and a regiment of dismounted cavalry accompanied it as a guard. A message was sent to the Surgeon-General at 10 a. m., notifying him of the arrangements made, and requesting that supplies should be sent to Rappahannock Station for the wounded remaining on the field, to be brought by the returning train. On the evening of May 7 it was determined to entirely abandon the line of the Rapidan, and the army moved during the night to the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House. The train containing wounded was, therefore, ordered to accompany the trains of the army to Alrich's, on the Fredericksburg plank road, 2 miles south of Chancellorsville. The number of wounded left behind in the several corps hospitals on account of lack of transportation was as follows, according to the reports of the corps medical directors:

 Union.	 Rebel.

Second Corps	 660	 90

Fifth Corps	 200	 4

Sixth Corps	 100	 ---

Total	 960	 94

Hospital tents, medical officers, and attendants, medicines, hospital stores, and dressings, and three to five days' rations were left with these wounded.

Early in the morning of May 8 the following order was issued:

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 8, 1864.

The wounded of the army will be immediately transported to Fredericksburg, and there put in hospital. Major-General Hancock will detail a small regiment of infantry, under a reliable commander, who, with the Twenty-second New York Cav

