
alry and his regiment, will escort them and take charge of the hospital; he will return the ambulances to the army, but retain the wagons, with which, under a flag of truce, he will endeavor to bring off the field such wounded as there was no transportation for. The wounded will be supplied with three days' subsistence, which will be furnished by the corps commanders concerned.

By order of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

At 9.45 a. m. a message was dispatched by a special agent to the Surgeon-General, informing him of the new arrangements and requesting that medical officers and supplies should be sent at once to Fredericksburg. Sixty-eight beef-cattle were drawn from the general herd and turned over to Dr. Dalton, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in charge, and he was instructed to draw from the purveyor's train whatever medical supplies he might deem necessary. The entire train had passed Silver's house on its way to Fredericksburg by 11 p. m., and arrived at its destination by 11 a. m. of the 9th, having met with no molestation or trouble. An account of the operations of the medical department in Fredericksburg will be given in a subsequent part of this report, but it may be proper to state in this place the result of the efforts made to bring in the wounded from the battle-field of the Wilderness. Within the two following weeks about 1,000 wounded were collected and carried to Fredericksburg by ambulances and wagon trains which were sent out from that place by Surgeon Dalton, U. S. Volunteers. The wounded left within the enemy's lines were chiefly collected at the Confederate hospitals near Parker's Store and Robertson's Tavern. About 300 of these were brought away, and tents, food, and dressings left with those who could not be brought off. The enemy at first made no objection to the removal of these wounded, but on the 14th of May, Assistant Surgeon Breneman, U. S. Army, who went out with a train at that time, was informed that no more wounded could be removed unless a special request to that effect should be made by Lieutenant-General Grant. On the 18th of May Doctor Breneman again went out with an ambulance train carrying the following letter:
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Near Old Wilderness Tavern, Va.:

SIR: To secure proper medical supplies and care for wounded soldiers who, I understand, are still left in your hospitals near Old Wilderness Tavern, I would request that all who are still in your hands be delivered to Assistant Surgeon Breneman, U. S. Army, who is authorized to receipt the roll of the same. I will state that all Confederate wounded who have fallen into our hands are receiving good care and abundance of supplies of all description. Such, however, as have not been sent beyond Fredericksburg will be delivered into your hands at Chancellorsville if you desire it.

I have the honor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

The request contained in the above letter was refused on the ground that it was not addressed to General Robert E. Lee. Dr. Breneman was permitted, however, to send two wagon-loads of food and medical supplies to our wounded. On the 22nd of May Dr. Breneman made another attempt, but with the same result. On his return he was stopped by guerrillas, his horse taken from him, and his pockets rifled of all papers and valuables.

On the 24th, supplies were sent out from Fredericksburg, and on

