
the 27th, by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, Dr. Breneman again went out, accompanied by a strong force of cavalry and infantry, and brought in all the wounded from the vicinity of Old Wilderness Tavern - 86 in number. On their arrival at Fredericksburg they were placed on board a steamer lying at the wharf and conveyed directly to Washington. Fredericksburg was then abandoned and no further efforts were or could be made to bring in those wounded who were in the enemy's hospitals near Parker's Store by the medical department of this army. An expedition was sent out from Washington, however, by Surgeon Abbott, U. S. Army, medical director, on the 8th of June, which brought off 45 wounded, all that were left, the others having been removed by the enemy. The mortality among the wounded left in the Wilderness was very great, partly because the most serious cases, and such as could not bear transportation were left, and partly from insufficient food and supplies. The surgeons left with the wounded were permitted to return without molestation, and no paroles were exacted from those wounded who were brought off. To those of our wounded collected at Parker's Store and Robertson's Tavern, medical attendance, food, and medical supplies were furnished by the Confederates in the same proportion as to their own. Before leaving the subject it is to be observed that there was no interval of importance between the cessation of hostilities and the march of the army, as is usual after great conflicts of this character, and which is available to the medical department for the withdrawal and care of the wounded. The weather during the 5th, 6th, and 7th of May was warm and dry, the nights cool, and producing heavy deposits of dew, and the roads good, although somewhat dusty.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,May 7, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

SURGEON-GENERAL:

I have made arrangements to send to Washington between 7,000 and 8,000 wounded. The train of wagons and ambulances will leave to-night and go to Rappahannock Station, from which point they are to be sent by rail. Please direct Assistant Surgeon Mackenzie to send up a battle-field supply for 3,000 wounded for seven days in the first train. All the medical officers you can spare are needed here, and they should be prepared to remain in the field for ten days.

THS. A. MCPARLIN,

Surgeon U. S. Army, Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

N. B. - Send short rations also from the commissary of subsistence department for 3,000 men for seven days.

SCHEDULE A. - Consolidated statement of articles and quantities of medical and hospital property carried with the Army of the Potomac across the Rapidan, May 4, 1864.

Articles.	 In re-	 In	 In me-	 In am-	 Total	 In wa-

 serve	 briga-	 dicine	 bulan-	 army	 gons of

 supply	 de	 wagons	 ce	 supply	 Sanita-

 train.	 supply	 	 boxes.	 	 ry Co-

 	 and	 	 	 	 mmissi-

 	 hospi-	 	 	 	 on.

 	 tal

 	 wagons

MEDICINES.

Acacia	 ---	 ---	 300	 ---	 300	 ---

pulvis

ounces

Acid, sul-	 ---	 ---	 25	 ---	 25	 ---

phuric, aro-

matic

pounds

Acid, tannic	 50	 ---	 40	 ---	 90	 ---

ounces

Acid, tarta-	 ---	 ---	 20	 ---	 20	 ---

ric

pounds

Eth. sulphu-	 720	 1,440	 1,605	 ---	 3,765	 ---

ric

ounces

Eth. spts.	 ---	 500	 400	 ---	 900	 ---

comp

do

