
emergency. During the 9th of May the army remained quiet, rations and ammunitions were issued to the troops, and the army wagons thus emptied were turned over to the medical department in the evening to be used for the removal of wounded during the following day. The Cavalry Corps moved off in the morning for the purpose of passing around the Confederate army and moving toward Richmond. Surg. R. W. Pease, U. S. Volunteers, the corps medical director, being unable to accompany the corps on account of illness, Asst. Surg. George M. McGill, U. S. Army, was made acting medical director of the corps, and his report of the expedition is appended to this report.

Early in the morning of the 9th, the hospitals of the Fifth Corps were established on a grassy lawn around the Coo's or Cossin house, situated on the Block house road, 1 1/2 miles in the rear of the line of battle. Water was abundant, and of good quality, and the location was excellent in every respect. The hospitals of the Second Corps were established near those of the Fifth Corps in open ground on the south branch of the Ny River. The Sixth Corps hospitals were placed in the pine woods on the Court-House and Piney Branch Church road, one-half mile north of the intersection of the Block house road. All the wounded were transferred to these points during the day by means of the spring wagons and stretchers; abundance of all kinds of supplies were on hand, including ice, there being several large well-filled ice-houses in the vicinity. Large numbers of blankets and shelter-tents, which had been dropped and abandoned in the woods by stragglers and wounded, were collected and brought into the hospitals by the attendants and field musicians, who in some instances were regularly deployed as skirmishers and sent through the woods for that purpose. About 2,500 blankets and 500 shelter-tents were obtained in this manner.

The only fighting during the day was between the pickets and sharpshooters, in which, however, we sustained a heavy loss in the death of Major General John Sedgwick, commanding the Sixth Corps, who was killed by a sharpshooter about 10 a. m. His death was almost instantaneous, the ball entering just below the left eye and traversing the base of the brain. Six ambulances belonging to the Artillery Reserve were captured during the day. They had been sent to assist in the removal of wounded, but the ambulance officer in charge, Lieutenant Holzborn, mistook the road and moved toward Chancellorsville, near which point the train was seized by a party of the enemy's cavalry. The greater part of the ambulances sent to Fredericksburg returned during the night of May 9. The horses were greatly exhausted by the severe and continuous labor which they had been compelled to perform, and were badly in need of rest. All the hospital supplies in the ambulances had been removed at Fredericksburg. During the morning of May 10 orders were issued and arrangements made to send to the rear the wounded in the field hospitals, using for that purpose the army wagons which had been emptied by the issue of the rations and ammunition of the previous day, and which were going to Fredericksburg for fresh supplies. No ambulances or spring wagons were sent, as a general engagement was going on at the time, and all were needed at the front. The train was organized at Silver's house, near which point the main trains of the army were parked, and moved from that point at 5 p. m., Surg. R. W. Pease, U. S. Volunteers, being in charge.

