
with those left in the Wilderness, and those who were left, fatigued as they were by five days and nights of constant labor, had not only to organize a large train of wounded, but receive and care for an equal number from the front. On the 11th of May another train of wounded was organized and sent to Fredericksburg under the charge of Assistant Surgeon Du Bois, U. S. Army, Silver's being again the point of rendezvous. The number sent was as follows:

Corps.	 Wounded.	 Ambulances.	 Wagons.

Second	 1,080	 86	 73

Fifth	 467	 90	 29

Sixth	 900	 80	 62

Total	 2,447	 256	 164

The army wagons were bedded in the usual manner, and the ambulances used only for the most serious cases, of which, however, there were a large number. Two days' rations and the usual proportion of medical officers and attendants accompanied the train. This train was 4 miles long, and had to be collected and organized in the midst of a heavy storm, which began about 3 p. m., and continued all night with but slight cessation. It left Silver's about 9 p. m., but when within 4 miles of Fredericksburg was halted and compelled to wait four hours until a guard could be sent, so that it did not reach its destination until 6 a. m. of the 12th. As the town was already crowded, only 600 of the most serious cases were left, and the remainder moved on to Belle Plain, arriving there about noon. The train was then parked in sections and the wounded fed, furnished with dry blankets, and made as comfortable as possible in the wagons. Early the next morning the train occupied the landing, and the whole day was consumed in shipping the wounded. The men in this train suffered severely from wet and cold, 20 dying on the road.

About 700 wounded were brought in from the front on the 11th. Owing to the withdrawal of the Second Corps in the evening it became necessary to remove the Sixth Corps hospitals, which was effected during the night, and they were established the next day near those of the Fifth Corps. As the Block house, or direct, road was occupied all night by artillery and troops, the hospital train of the Sixth Corps was compelled to make a long detour by Piney Branch Church. The night was dark and stormy, the roads muddy and bad, and the ambulance officer in charge of the train mistook the road and moved 10 miles out of the way. The result of these delays was that the hospitals were not established until 10 a. m. of the following day, and both men and horses were fatigued and worn out.

At daybreak on the 12th, the Second Corps attacked the enemy from their new position on the left. By 8 a. m. the engagement had become general, and wounded began to pour into the hospitals with great rapidity. The advance ambulance depot of the Second Corps was near the Landrum house. The rain of the previous eighteen hours had made the roads very muddy, and in some places almost impassable for vehicles, and as nearly one-half of the ambulances were absent at Fredericksburg, the duties of those remaining were very arduous. The number of wounded from this day's battle was

