
rations were left with them. On the evening of the 14th, a body of the enemy's cavalry, commanded by Colonel Rosser, entered the hospitals and removed all the Confederate wounded who could walk, about 80 in number, and also all the stragglers and hospital attendants who wore no distinctive badge. The soldiers of this squadron carried off the greater part of the rations left for the wounded. As soon as these facts were reported, a regiment of the Second Corps was sent out to drive off the marauders, who had gone, however, before our troops arrived.

Surg. Thomas Jones, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserves, who had been left with the wounded in the Fifth Corps hospital, was killed by one of the men in this regiment, who in the darkness supposed him to be a guerrilla. Additional rations were left with the wounded, and the regiment was withdrawn about noon on the 15th, following the Second Corps, which had moved still farther on the left. On the evening of May 16 a train of 200 ambulances was sent out, which brought off all the wounded left at Cossin's, together with the tents and remaining hospital stores, the Second Division, Second Corps, under command of General Gibbon, moving out at the same time toward the right in such a manner as to protect the train. The removal was effected without difficulty, and the wounded, after having been fed and dressed, were sent directly to Fredericksburg. The hospitals of the Second Corps after leaving Cossin's were at first established at the Armstrong house; on the 15th, they were moved to the vicinity of the Beverly house, on the Spotsylvania Court-House and Fredericksburg turnpike. The hospitals of the Fifth and Sixth Corps were also located near the same point. The wagons of the medical purveyor moved to Fredericksburg on the 15th, and were refilled with their original supply. They remained at that point until the 21st, and large issues were made in the interim, advantage being taken of this period of comparative quiet to replenish the division hospitals and brigade supplies. A number of new troops joined the army at this time, and were found to be entirely unprovided with medical stores of any kind, or with means of transportation for wounded or supplies. They were, however, fully provided for, and equipped on the same basis as the rest of the army.

On the morning of the 18th, the Second Corps moved to the right and attacked the enemy's works; 552 wounded were the result, and the character of the wounds were unusually severe, a large proportion being caused by shell and canister. During the evening of the 18th and morning of the 19th, the corps hospitals were moved to the left and re-established on the Massaponax Church road, north of the Anderson house. This removal was fortunate, as they thus escaped from the confusion caused by the enemy's attack on the evening of the 19th. This attack was repulsed by heavy artillery regiments armed as infantry, who had just joined the army, and for many of them it was the first battle. The total number of wounded from this affair was 1,100, most of whom were able to walk back to the field hospitals, being hit in the hands and arms, and in many of them the skin being so blackened with powder as to prove that the injury was self-inflicted either by design or accident. Very many of these wounded came into the hospital with extemporaneous tourniquets tightly applied, and their hands and forearms swollen and livid in consequence. This dread of hemorrhage is simply another proof of the inexperience of the troops. This was the last

