
guard could be kept over them. No special authority was given during this period to send off sick, but the responsibility of so doing was assumed in some instances by the surgeons in charge of hospitals, and about 500 seriously sick men were thus sent from the army. A much larger number than this is reported as having been sent from Fredericksburg; the discrepancy will be explained in the account of the operations of the medical department at that point. The only loss of property sustained by the medical department during this period was that of the 6 ambulances of the Artillery Reserve before mentioned, 1 wagon filled with medical supplies belonging to the Second Corps, which was stuck fast in the mud and was abandoned, and the horses of 12 ambulances which were captured by guerrillas on the Fredericksburg road, the ambulances themselves being recovered.

In the mean time a series of depot hospitals had been organized at Fredericksburg by Surg. Edward B. Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, who reached that place with the first train of wounded on the 9th of May. All the churches, warehouses, and convenient dwelling-houses in the place were immediately occupied as hospitals, each corps organization being kept distinct as far as possible. The character of the buildings selected was generally good, and the ventilation sufficient, but as wounded continued to arrive in large numbers, closer packing became necessary, and the usual results of overcrowding began to be apparent. The ground occupied was elevated, well drained, and there was an abundant supply of good water. Supplies of all kinds arrived at Belle Plain on the 10th and 11th of May, and were brought to Fredericksburg as rapidly as transportation could be procured. Schedule C [E], appended to this report shows the character and amount of the supplies furnished by the Medical Department. The stores sent with the first train and those contained in the ambulance boxes served for the necessities of the wounded until supplies could be brought from Belle Plain. The wounded officers were at first billeted upon the inhabitants of the town, who, as a general rule, received them kindly and treated them well, although at first some of the citizens seemed inclined to make trouble. After the first week an officers' hospital was established, and medical officers specially detailed for duty in it. By the 13th, the condition of the wounded in Fredericksburg was comparatively comfortable, and the supply of all necessary articles was abundant, straw for bedding and stationery were the articles of which there was the greatest lack. The number of wounded at that date was about 6,000, but the number fluctuated almost hourly, and it was impossible to prepare accurate daily reports. The greatest want was of medical officers, those who accompanied the trains being greatly fatigued and insufficient in numbers. Fifty medical officers in all were sent from the front, being all that could possibly be spared. A number of medical men (civilians) came down from Washington as volunteers for the emergency, and rendered material and valuable assistance in a professional way, but they were for the most part ignorant of some of the most important duties of a medical officer under such circumstances, viz, to procure proper supplies; to see that his patient's food is abundant and properly served; that comfortable beds are provided, and thorough cleanliness enforced. Their attention was diverted from cases really needing their care by the loud complaints of the stragglers and malingerers with which the

