
SECTION IV.

Operations between the Pamunkey and Chickahominy, and at White House, Va., May 27 to June 15, 1864.

During the movement from the North Anna to the Pamunkey the ambulances and hospital trains moved in the same manner as in the march from Spotsylvania Court-House, a few ambulances remaining in rear of each division, and the remainder filled with slightly sick and wounded accompanying the main trains. The Cavalry Corps had by this time returned from the Richmond expedition, and two divisions moved in advance. A large number of the horses had become so much exhausted as to die on the road, along which they were scattered at tolerably regular intervals of from 50 to 100 yards, and the infantry following had the full benefit of the results of their putrefaction. This march of 30 miles was made rapidly over very dusty roads and on a hot and sultry day, and the number of men who fell out of the ranks was very large. All the ambulances were filled to overflowing, and a few men were unavoidably left behind. On the afternoon the cavalry engaged the enemy near Haw's or Harris' Shop, and had about 250 wounded. The advance hospital was at a small house near Haw's Shop, and the greater part of the operating and dressing required was perform at this point. The medical officers of this hospital, under the direction of Asst. Surg. George M. McGill, U. S. Army, displayed great gallantry, as the hospital at times was under heavy fire, several shells striking the building, and one falling under the operating table, fortunately, however, without exploding. As the hospital train of the Cavalry Corps had moved with the main trains of the army to Dunkirk, and had not, up to this time, joined the command, the wounded were at first placed in a large house and outbuildings belonging to Mrs. Newton, near the Pamunkey, and distant about 2 miles from the scene of action. Ten men, who had been wounded on the previous day in a slight skirmish at Hanovertown, were also placed at this point. The medical director of the Fifth Corps was directed to assume the charge of these wounded, and the hospital of the Third Division was soon established on the beautiful shaded lawn in front of the house, beds made of corn husks found in the vicinity, food prepared, and the wounded made comfortable in the usual manner. During the 29th, the army moved into position on Totopotomoy Creek. Locations were selected for the field hospitals, and ambulance roads cut through the woods to the front. As the train of the medical purveyor had come up, advantage was taken of the day's quiet to replenish the hospital supplies.

Surgeon Pease, U. S. Volunteers, medical director Cavalry Corps, joined his command on the 29th.

The Fifth Corps hospitals were established near Mrs. Newton's, those of the Second and Sixth Corps in an open space about 1 mile east of the latter point.

On the 30th, the cavalry moved to Cold Harbor, where they had a sharp engagement. The infantry also had a series of skirmishing and partial engagements during the day, from which about 500 wounded were received into the field hospitals. The hospital train of the Cavalry Corps had by this time been brought up, and supplies were ample. The train of medical purveyor, filled to its utmost

