
a country but scantily provided with forage. The men had to lie close behind the breast-works to avoid the sharpshooters, as it was almost certain death to expose one's person at certain parts of the line, and their cooking was imperfect and of the simplest description. Dead horses and offal of various kinds were scattered over the country everywhere, and between the lines were many dead bodies of either part unburied and decomposing in the burning sun. A large number of recruits joined the army at this place, and contributed greatly to swell the sick list. Malarial and typho-malarial fevers and diarrhea were the prevailing diseases. No distinct cases of scurvy were observed at this time, but a scorbutic taint was undoubtedly affecting the army and depressing its health and spirits. In view of these facts the following letter was addressed to the commanding general:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Cold Harbor, Va., June 5, 1864.

Major-General MEADE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I respectfully call your attention to the following facts relative to the present condition and future prospects, in a sanitary point of view, of the troops composing this army:

The army has been marching and fighting thirty-two consecutive days, in which time no vegetable rations have been issued, and has now reached a region of country notoriously miasmatic and unhealthy. The water now used by the troops is entirely derived from surface drainage and is saturated with organic matter derived from decaying vegetable tissues. The ground around many camps is strewn with dead and decomposing horses and mules, and with the hides and offal of slaughtered beef-cattle. Very few regiments provided sinks for the men, and their excreta are deposited upon hill sides to be washed from thence into the streams, thus furnishing an additional source of contamination to the water. As is to be expected, under such circumstances, sickness is increasing in the army, diarrhea being especially prevalent. I need hardly recall to your remembrance the results produced by the causes above mentioned in the Army of the Potomac, during the Peninsular campaign of the summer of 1862, nor point out the necessity of taking immediate measures to obviate these evils as far as possible. The most urgent need now exists of an issue of vegetables to the troops, and if military necessity forbid this being done from our present base, measures should be taken for sending such supplies from our next depot - among the very first supplies brought up.

Chickahominy fever may be in a great measure prevented, but when it has once occurred its subjects are lost to the army so far as this campaign is concerned. I would also suggest that immediate measures be taken to insure the burial of dead animals and offal, the proper preparation of sinks, and the thorough police generally of camps and men throughout the army.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THS. A. MCPARLIN,

Surgeon U. S. Army, Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Every exertion was made to carry out the suggestions of the letter as far as possible, and with good effect. A large quantity of fresh vegetables were brought to White House, and the hospitals at that point fully supplied. These vegetables were also sent to the troops in as large quantities as the means of transportation available for the commissary department would allow, but the supply thus furnished was not large, as all the wagons were fully employed in bringing the supply of marching rations up to the campaign standard. The camp and personal police of the troops was also improved as far as possible, offal was buried, sinks dug, &amp; c. On the 6th of June application was made to the general commanding the Confederate forces for a truce of two hours, for the purpose of collecting the wounded and burying the dead who were lying between

