
the lines. This truce took place on the 7th, between 6 and 8 p. m., at which time all the ambulances were sent out, accompanied by medical officers. Very few wounded were collected, the greater number having died of their wounds and exposure, hunger and thirst. The dead were in most cases so much decomposed as not to be recognized and were buried where they lay.

From the 5th to the 12th of June the army remained comparatively quiet behind its works, and the men were enabled to obtain that repose which they so much needed. Along the greater part of the line there was a truce between the pickets and very little firing occurred. The First and Second Divisions of the Cavalry Corps were withdrawn on the 5th and 6th and passed to the rear and right of the army, and moved off on the 7th toward Gordonsville, the design of the expedition being to co-operate with General Hunter's command, and by capturing Gordonsville to inflict a severe blow upon the enemy's communications.

An account of this expedition by Surgeon Pease, U. S. Volunteers, is herewith forwarded. In the mean time supplies of all kinds were being hurried up from White House as rapidly as possible and reorganization of the troops was effected. Large re-enforcements reached the army during this period, and were distributed among the several corps and divisions, while regiments whose term of service had expired were leaving almost daily. Some of the most skillful and experienced medical men were thus lost to the army, and the week's rest enabled the corps medical directors to make the changes and appointments in the medical staff which had thus been rendered necessary.

Notwithstanding the great and frequent requisitions made upon them the supplies of the medical department continued perfect and full, and very little exertion was requisite to place them on the same standard as on the 1st of May. The new regiments arriving had, of course, no supplies, but as they entered at once into a well established organization, and in fact only took the places of those who had been left by the preceding battles, they found everything prepared for them and no lack existed anywhere. The sick and slightly wounded were treated at the field hospitals, regular sick call occurring twice a day. The ambulance horses were especially benefitted by this interval of rest, and by the long forage which was furnished at this time, the first since the crossing of the Rapidan.

On the 7th of June our line was shortened by the withdrawal of the Fifth Corps from the right to the rear of the center. On the 8th, this corps passed over to the left and held Long Bridge and the Chickahominy at that point. This was preparatory to another movement by the left flank, which should carry the army to the south side of the James River and effect its junction with General Butler's command at Bermuda Hundred. On the 12th of June this movement commenced and was completed by the 16th, no obstruction or mishap occurring in the meanwhile. The Eighteenth Corps moved to White House, and, embarking on transports, returned to General Butler's command, its connection with the Army of the Potomac ceasing from this date.

A special transport was furnished the medical department of this corps, on which the hospital tents and stores and the sick and slightly wounded were placed.

