
The transportation of the medical department which moved with the troops was, therefore, one-half of the ambulances, one medicine wagon to each division, and one hospital wagon to each brigade, the remainder moving with the main trains to Windsor (or Window) Shades on the Chickahominy. In the latter were sent such sick and wounded as were not thought to be proper subjects for general hospital, medical officers and supplies accompanying them. During the march a few ambulances followed directly in rear of each division to pick up sick and exhausted men, the remainder with medicine and hospital wagons moved with the corps artillery. Owing to the hot weather of the preceding month, the Chickahominy was low, and its famous swamps were intersected by hard and dry but very dusty roads.

The number of stragglers was large, as the march was a long one and rapidly made, but all the worst cases were picket up by the ambulances, and it is believed that very few, if any, were permanently lost. The only engagement during the movement was a skirmish at White Oak Swamp bridge by the Third Division, Cavalry Corps; the Third Division, Fifth Corps, participating also to some extent. One hundred and ten wounded resulted, all of whom were brought along in the ambulances after having been dressed and operated on on the field.

All of the ambulances and hospital wagons were on the south bank of the James by the evening of the 16th, having crossed by the pontoon bridge below Wind-Mill Point. Ninety wounded and 30 sick of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, were left at Wilcox's Wharf with medical officers, attendants, and supplies, and on the 17th were sent to the general hospitals at Fortress Monroe by the quartermaster transport Old Massachusetts. The movement from the James to the position taken up in front of Petersburg was rapidly made, in hot and sultry weather. The troops were fatigued and fell out of the ranks in large numbers, especially from the Ninth Corps. Many cases of heat apoplexy occurred, and all of the ambulances were filled to overflowing. The assault made by the Second Corps on the afternoon of the 16th resulted in heavy loss, and but a part of the wounded could be brought in, as the chief part of the ambulances and all the hospital wagons had not come up. Five hundred and forty-five wounded were collected at Dr. Bailey's house, which afforded a shelter for the worst cases. Soup and hard bread were distributed, and operating and dressing went on during the night. The train came up about 10 p. m.; tents were immediately pitched, and the ambulance corps set to work to bring in the rest of the wounded.

During the 17th all were brought in, placed under shelter, and well cared for, the number in the field hospitals at nightfall being as follows:

Second Army Corps....................................1,654

Fifth Army Corps..................................... 144

Ninth Army Corps..................................... 87

-------

Total................................................1,885

The Fifth Corps took up position on the 17th, and its hospitals were established on the Prince George Court-House road south of Dr. Bailey's. Those of the Ninth Corps near Dunn's house, one-half mile farther west. On the afternoon of the 18th, a general attack

