
wounded." In my opinion an additional wagon should be authorized to each division ambulance train, which would transport more clothing for the contingencies of battle, and be eligible also for procuring forage, which is imperfectly done during very active operations with the present allowance. The trains of wounded and sick sent from the army have always been organized with care; one of them extended 7 miles upon the road, composed of wagons (bedded), spring wagons, and ambulances.

It may be of interest to approximate the proportion of transport service rendered by ambulances and wagons, though an accurate statement cannot be given of the number used in all the trips made at different times during the quarter. For transfer of patients only from division field hospitals to the depot at the base 3,518 ambulances and 2,233 wagons (spring and army pattern) have been used. This does not include vehicles at the front, collecting wounded for division hospitals, nor transport service rendered with the depot hospital at the base. The whole number of ambulances authorized and available at any time for emergency did not exceed 800. They were frequently required to be moving day and night. Twenty-seven new medicine wagons (Autenreith and Perot patterns) have been received during the campaign; five of them were transferred to Medical Director McCormick to meet necessities in the co-operating Army of the James. In the varying condition of an army in the field, whether in camp or in action, on the march, in winter quarters, or on campaign, the division hospital system, I believe, may be fully accepted as a success. It accords with the unit of organizations and administration of the army, furnishing prompt, adequate, and convenient resources for every occasion. Emergencies do not greatly overtax the energy of officers when prompt removal of wounded inmates (who have received necessary attention), permits recuperation and readiness. Experience insures ample provision of food, shelter, supplies, and attendants. As a point of rendezvous its locality is soon known; a proper mobility is kept in view, discipline, efficiency, and use of supplies supervised. Preservation of property has been conspicuous, considering its exposure by changes of military positions, movements by the flank, and advance of the army and trains in line of march liable to encounter the enemy. The commendable care exercised and its attendant success illustrate the propriety of arrangements made.

In the magnitude of occasions, rapidly succeeding each other, it was necessary to supply the deficiency by wagons, which the limited number of ambulances allowed by law could not fully provide for. While engaging in the Wilderness, and at other points remote from the base of supplies, celerity was especially required. It may be remarked that circumstances will rarely tax more severely the capabilities of staff departments than those of this year have imposed. When necessary, I received prompt, cordial, and efficient co-operation from the chief quartermaster and other chiefs of departments whose operations were connected with my own. This complete official accord was as beneficial to the service as it was personally pleasurable. The cheerful acceptance of vicissitude, patience, and fortitude, and almost utter absence of compliant have long been observed, and they evidence the high character of the individual soldiers in this veteran army. Out of the many thousands wounded there have been few left to the care of the enemy; and in such cases, supplies, camp equipage, and attendants remained. Whenever there

