
from the former site of the White House some three-fourths of a mile down the river, with a breadth of half a mile. Shelter, supplies, and facilities for cooking were in readiness when the first train reached the landing on the afternoon of the 1st of June. Captain Pitkin, assistant quartermaster, depot quartermaster, spared no effort in affording every facility for the prompt accommodation and comfortable transportation of these men. It being understood that this base was but temporary, every available steamer bound thence to Washington was temporarily provided with straw, rations, medical supplies, and cooking apparatus, and loaded with wounded. These were sent under charge of medical officers detailed to this duty by virtue of the pressing emergency, and the absolute impossibility of communicating with headquarters for orders. Thus thousands found immediate accommodations upon the boats without even the delay of registering their names, sufficient examination being given on the spot to prevent the escape of malingerers or deserters.

From the 1st of June to the 13th there were daily and sometimes hourly arrivals of trains from the front, the number thus received being sufficient to keep the hospitals full in spite of every effort to relieve them. On the 13th, however, the arrival ceased. Information was received that the army was moving by the left flank to the James River, and twenty-four hours sufficed to send away a large proportion of the remaining wounded, to strike the tents, repack and ship a good portion of the property. At this juncture Captain J. E. Jones, assistant quartermaster, and Captain B. F. Talbot, commissary of subsistence, reported for duty with the hospital department. The latter at once provided abundant subsistence stores, issued a sufficient quantity for those who must still remain a day or two, and shipped the remainder to be taken with the first medical boat for the new base. Asst. Surg. A. K. St. Clair, First Michigan Cavalry, was detailed to remain in charge at the landing, whence he successfully removed the remaining wounded and the stores.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. B. DALTON,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Chief Med. Officer.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MCPARLIN,

Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 6. Report of Asst. Surg. Thomas G. Mackenzie, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Purveyor, including operations April 9-June 17.

MEDICAL PURVEYOR'S OFFICE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Steamer Planter, City Point, Va., June 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to transmit the following report of my actions since my connection with the medical purveyor's department of the Army of the Potomac:

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 92, paragraph 19, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, April 9, 1864, I proceeded to Alexandria, Va., for the purpose therein stated, viz, the establish-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

