
ment of a medical purveying department at that place. Having obtained a suitable building (Numbers 43, Union street) I remained on duty there receiving and storing medical supplies and awaiting further orders.

On the morning of May 8, 1864, I received orders from the Acting Surgeon-General to dispatch at once to Rappahannock Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, a battle-field supply for 3,000 wounded for seven days, including barrels for ice-water, tin cups, buckets, &amp;c., for the use of the wounded on the train, expected down on the train from the front. The supplies were sent forward immediately in charge of a responsible steward, two cars having been loaded for a number of days previous with a battle-field supply in anticipation of the coming battles. Lemons (thirty boxes) were purchased and forwarded. The supply arrived safely at its destination, where it remained until the morning of the 9th of May, and was then ordered back to Alexandria. Immediately on its arrival, in accordance with instructions (received in the interim from the Surgeon-General's Office), the stores were unloaded and conveyed on board the steamers State of Maine and Connecticut, then lying at the wharf. These stores were all placed under charge of Surg. John H. Brinton, U. S. Volunteers, who was ordered to proceed to Fredericksburg with them. The steamers above mentioned started early on the morning of the 10th of May for Belle Plain.

Asst. Surg. George P. Jaquett, U. S. Army, having been placed in charge of the medical supply steamers Hugh Jenkins and Farmer, was also dispatched to Belle Plain, where he arrived before any other vessel was in sight, and a day in advance of the wounded to arrive from Fredericksburg at that point. It is worthy of remark, therefore, that medical supplies were there in advance of all others, and communications were at once opened with Surg. E. B. Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, chief medical officer at Fredericksburg, by Assistant Surgeon Jaquett, U. S. Army. Independent of the supplies taken down by Surg. J. H. Brinton, U. S. Volunteers, and Assistant Surgeon Jaquett, U. S. Army, I was ordered, on May 11, to proceed to Belle Plain with two barges loaded with medical and hospital stores. Arrived at said point early on the morning of the 12th, and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Cuyler, acting medical inspector-general, U. S. Army. On my arrival at Belle Plain I found it impracticable for the steamers Hugh Jenkins and Farmer, on account of the shallowness of the water, and their deep draught, to lay alongside of the wharf. There was at that time but one U-shaped wharf, at which not only all the stores of the several departments had to be unloaded, but also the disembarkation of the troops arriving, as reenforcements had to be effected. To add to the confusion consequent upon the above, all the wounded were conveyed along the wharf to the transports, and consequently it was an utter impossibility to work expeditiously or effectually. Such being the case, it was thought best for the steamers to remain out in the stream, have requisitions filled there and convey them ashore in a lighter. Accordingly one was obtained from the quartermaster, Captain Pitkin, and detailed with a gang of negroes for that purpose alone. The two barges under my immediate charge were brought up as near the wharf as possible, and such articles as could be furnished from them (being principally hospital stores, bedding, clothing, &c.) were conveyed across other barges and loaded on other wagons as speedily as they came up. In this way requisitions were oftentimes filled, and

18 R R - VOL XXXVII, PT I

