
remained during the night, and left next morning (in obedience to orders received from Lieutenant-Colonel Cuyler, acting medical inspector-general, U. S. Army), at daylight for White House, Pamunkey River, Va. Arriving at White House May 31, I selected an eligible position, apart from the other departments, at a point near the wagon road; made a bridge of my barges and commenced operations. I had completed all my arrangements before any requisitions were presented. From that period until June 14, I remained at White House, where nearly 200 requisitions were filled. The amount issued was extremely large, but the supply on hand being ample (Assistant Surgeon Jaquett having turned over to me the steamers Hugh Jenkins and Farmer, by order of the Acting Surgeon-General), all the articles required for were furnished, no deficiencies occurring whatever, save in such articles as it was impossible to obtain from the medical purveyor at Washington, the principal articles being iron bedsteads or cots. I heard of no complaints against the department, either as regards quantities of supplies or the promptitude of their issue, and I am of the opinion that entire satisfaction was given. To Asst. Surg. J. B. Brinton, U. S. Army, medical purveyor, Army of the Potomac, much praise is due for his prudent forethought in making timely requisitions for large amounts of supplies, having a reserve supply ready at any moment in case of a change of base, besides keeping constantly on hand at Alexandria, Va., a supply sufficient to meet any emergency. The consequence was that this department had, at all the different depots established since the beginning of the campaign, been foremost on the ground, amply provided with all the articles for issue to the wants of the wounded required. Independently of its legitimate issues, it has vied with the Sanitary Commission and Christian Commission in the issue of delicacies purchased from the fund accruing from the tax on newspapers, which fund was intrusted to the care of the medical director, Army of the Potomac, for the benefit of the sick and wounded. For example, there has been received and issued during the campaign the following articles purchased from the above fund, viz, 700 dozen cans peaches, in 2-pound cans, 300 dozen cans tomatoes, in 2-pound cans, 200 bottles assorted jellies, 100 boxes lemons, 50 boxes oranges, 40 barrels Boston crackers, 6 barrels cucumber pickles. In addition to the above, 30 boxes of lemons and 30 of oranges were sent by the department on requisition made by Asst. Surg. J. B. Brinton, U. S. Army, medical purveyor, Army of the Potomac. Ice has also been furnished in considerable quantities, not only supplying the immediate wants of the corps hospitals, at the depot, but also sending it forward to the division hospitals in the field. The department also furnished on requisition such articles as condensed milk, tea, extract coffee, porter, wines of different kinds, brandy, &amp;c. From time to time, as occasion required, telegraphic requisitions were sent to Washington to the Acting Surgeon-General, and the articles were immediately forwarded.

On June 14, 1864, I left White House under orders to proceed to Jamestown Island, on the James River, and there rendezvous until further instructions were sent me. Arrived there on the evening of the 15th of June; remained there during that night, and on the afternoon of the 16th proceeded as far as North Bend, at which point a pontoon bridge was laid, across which the army was passing. Hence we started about midnight for City Point, where we arrived at early dawn, and after considerable trouble, I succeeded in obtain-

