
ing a position, aside from the other departments, where I again constructed a bridge of my barges and commenced issuing. There being no further necessity for the wagon train with supplies, which, under the charge of Assistant Surgeon Brinton, U. S. Army, had followed the army since the commencement of the campaign, the wagons were unloaded and their contents stored on the boats. Assistant Surgeon Brinton, U. S. Army, medical purveyor, Army of the Potomac, then took charge. A pontoon bridge having been constructed on the Appomattox, in close proximity to the corps hospitals, for the especial purpose of affording greater facilities for issuing, as also of being nearer the hospitals, we accordingly moved up to that point.

In closing this report, I feel it but just to state in behalf of the medical department, the operations of which in all its phases I have had an opportunity of witnessing during this campaign, that despite the seemingly almost insurmountable difficulties under which it labored, sick and wounded soldiers were never as well cared for, either as regards skill in operations, successful treatment of disease, or abundance of supplies.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS G. MACKENZIE,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Purveyor.

Surg. THOMAS A. MCPARLIN, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.,

City Point, Va., August 28, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your General Orders, Numbers 29, of the 6th ultimo, calling for an annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following:

As my last annual report was submitted on the 28th of September, 1863, during your absence in the field, and, so far as I have learned, not made of any particular service or reference by the officer acting as Quartermaster-General at the time, and as it contains all material information relative to the organization and operations of the quartermaster's department in the Army of the Potomac, with some useful statistical facts which will much reduce the length of this report, I herewith inclose a copy, marked I.*

* * * * * * *

The army was essentially quiet and at rest until the commencement of the "grand campaign" on the 4th of May, 1864. During this interval the army was made comfortable in pleasant and healthy cantonments. Supplies of all kinds were issued in ample quantities.

---------------

*See Vol. XXI, p. 146. Portions of report omitted relate to the Gettysburg campaign (Vol. XXVII), and to operations of the Army of the Potomac from August 4 to December 31, 1863 (Vol. XXIX).

---------------

