
The troops were recruited, reorganized, and thoroughly disciplined. The means of transportation were also reorganized, and reduced to correspond very nearly with the present allowance. (See copy of Lieutenant-General Grant's order herewith, marked A.) The cavalry and artillery arms were well supplied with horses. Probably no army on the earth ever before was in better condition in every respect than was the Army of the Potomac on the 4th of May, 1864.

I have already given many detailed statements showing in what manner the trains of this great army have been conducted, under almost every variety of circumstances. You have seen us on the advance, in close pursuit of the enemy, in battle, in retreat, and on flank movements. I have shown what great duties the officers of your Department are called upon to perform, and how impossible it if for any army to succeed with a badly organized and inefficient quartermaster's department. I have shown how admirably the quartermasters of these armies have uniformly performed their duties, and to what high degree of accomplishment they have attained. I have reported to you in minute detail the preparations and equipment for an active campaign-Chancellorsville, for instance-what the troops and trains were made to carry. I have described our lines of supply, the establishment of depots, and the manner of supplying a large army.

Copies of my principal orders and reports are on file in your office. Therefore I shall only give a general and brief view of the operations of our department for the remainder of the fiscal year.

"The grand campaign,: from the Rapidan to the James, opened on the 4th of May, 1864, under the immediate presence and supervision of Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States. Major-General Meade commanded the Army of the Potomac. This campaign, for convenience of reference, is divided (by the direction of General Meade) into five epochs, as follows:

First epoch: The crossing of the Rapidan and the battles of the Wilderness.

Second epoch: The march to Spotsylvania, and the operations in front of that place.

Third epoch: The march to the North Anna, and the operations on that river.

Fourth epoch: The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

Fifth epoch: The march across the Chickahominy and the James, including the assault on Petersburg, July 30.

The forces that composed the armies on the Rapidan were as follows: The Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, the cavalry, and the Artillery Reserve and Engineer Brigade constituted the Army of the Potomac, under General Meade, and the Ninth Corps under General Burnside, making about 125,000 effective men.

There were 4,300 wagons, 835 ambulances, 29,945 artillery, cavalry, ambulance, and team horse; 4,046 private horses; 22,528 mules; making an aggregate of 56,499 animals.

It was ordered that the troops should take with them "50 rounds of ammunition upon the person; three days' full rations in their haversacks; three days' bread and small rations in their knapsacks, and three days' beef on the hoof." The supply trains were loaded with ten days' forage (grain) and ten of subsistence. One-half of the ammunition, intrenching tools, and ambulance wagons, a few light spring wagons and pack animals only, were allowed to ac-

