
arrived on the 22nd. On the 23d, they were crossed over the Mattapony, and parked in the open ground between the river and Wright's Tavern. On the same day our forces reached the North Anna, and commenced to cross at Jericho and other places. The trains remained in park near Wright's Tavern during the operations on the North Anna. Our wounded were sent to Port Royal, and supplies received from that depot. On the 24th, the army was across the North Anna, and there was heavy skirmishing with the enemy, who was in position between the two Annas, at Hanover Junction. The Ninth Corps was attached to the Army of the Potomac on this day.

Headquarters crossed at Jericho Ford and encamped on the south side.

The fourth epoch began on the 27th. The army was put in motion toward Hanovertown, and Nelson's and Hundley's Ferries, on the Pamunkey River. The trains recrossed the Mattapony, and passed to the rear some distance, and then advanced on the road toward Dunkirk, lower down, and to our left on the Mattapony. The army crossed the Pamunkey on the 28th, and took up position toward Cold Harbor. On the same day I sent a staff officer to White House, distant 15 miles from Hanovertown, to ascertain if Smith had arrived with the Eighteenth Corps, and if Captain Pitkin had arrived from Port Royal with his employes and supplies. The officer returned safely at midnight and reported no arrivals. The trains arrived promptly at Hanovertown, by way of Dunkirk, crossed the Pamunkey ont eh 31st, and parked near Mrs. Newton's house. Captain Pitkin arrived at White House same day and established the depot. On June 1, the trains were moved to New Castle and Old Church. All empty wagons were sent to White House for supplies. On the 2nd, our troops took up positions in front of the enemy at Cold Harbor. Headquarters were moved to that point, and the trains sent to vicinity of Parsley's Mill, on the road to White House. On the 3rd, an assault was made on the enemy's entrenchments, but without success. The railroad from White House to Dispatch Station was rebuilt while the army remained here, and was dismantled and the material removed before the 12th, when the fifth epoch commenced.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, C. Q. M. of Armies operating against Richmond.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS, U. S. Army,

Quartermaster-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Marsena R. Patrick, U. S. Army, commanding Provost Guard.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

August 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, to make

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

