
quently happened that prisoners, did not reach headquarters until several days after their capture, it being no uncommon thing for the captures of four or five days to be forwarded in one body. In consequence of the manner in which we moved no permanent record of the prisoners taken was kept until after the 27th of July, when the office at this place was established. A daily report of the prisoners of war received from the corps of the Army of the Potomac was made to Brigadier-General Williams, assistant adjutant-general, from the 1st of June until the 6th of July (at which time I left

headquarters of the Army of the Potomac), and I presume is still made, as I am required to furnish the material for it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. LESLIE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 9. Reports of Major Benjamin F. Fisher, Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,July 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the accompanying inspection report, with the following brief report of operations during the months of May and June:

During these months the Army of the Potomac has been engaged in the most arduous campaign of the war, in which the signal detachment connected with it has occupied over sixty stations of observation and communication. In addition portions of the command have been constantly dept upon the flanks and with advancing columns, seeking to gain such information and render such services as might be deemed of value to commanding officers. Our field of operations was mostly in regions where we labored under many disadvantages-a level wooded country without any natural elevations, yet in the face of all, the energy on the part of the officers enabled us to overcome these difficulties, and at times perform good service. At the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, the North Anna River, the Peninsula, and the James River, our glasses and flags rendered services. Since we arrived in front of Petersburg we pride ourselves that some of our reports have been very valuable. At several times, by timely information, have we enabled the commanding general to check movements on the part of the enemy that might otherwise have turned out disastrously to a portion of our army. In flag signals we have done little. The field telegraph formerly attached to our corps, now worked by the American Telegraph Company, has been able to keep up communication with the different points occupied by the army, rendering the use of field signals to the extent formerly used unnecessary, though there were several instances at the battle of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, North Anna River, and the James River, where our means of opening communication came in opportunely and rendered more or less valuable services.

I shall hereafter, as soon as practicable, give a detailed report of the operations of this detachment during the with which is not yet closed. At this time, without drawing any comparison be-

