
and, second, of a code of regulations for its government which should be binding on all branches of the service. These defects have injured its efficiency and usefulness to the prejudice of its reputation, caused a misapplication of its powers, and added to its cost, but they are defects for which the artillery itself is not responsible.

On the 4th of May the army broke up its camps near Culpeper Court-House and crossed the Rapidan, the artillery brigades attached to troops following their respective corps. The Reserve Artillery, under the command of Colonel Burton, crossed the river with its trains and stores at Ely's Ford, pushed beyond Hunting Creek, and camped near Chancellorsville. On the 5th, it followed the Second Corps to near the Furnaces, but was ordered back to Hawkins' Church, at the intersection of the Chancellorsville plank road with the Old Wilderness turnpike, where it remained during the battle of the Wilderness. At daybreak of the 6th, Kitching's brigade of foot artillery reported by my order to Major-General Warren near the Lacy house, with all its available men, including the guards of the trains, &amp;c., and went into action with General Wadsworth's division. On the 7th, it was employed in throwing up intrenchments in General Warren's front. On the same day, in consequence of a report that a body of the enemy's troops, including infantry, were marching down the Rapidan, a battery of the Reserve was ordered to Ely's Ford for the protection of the trains there and to cover the ford. That afternoon the Reserve Artillery marched to Piney Branch Church, which place it reached on the morning of the 8th, when Kitching's brigade of foot artillery was ordered to report to Major-General Hancock, at Todd's Tavern. General Hancock ordered it back to the Reserve the same night and again called for it the next morning. From this time this brigade was marched to and for from one corps to another, being always either in action or on the march until it was finally, on the breaking up of the Reserve, attached to the Fifth Corps, Major-General Warren. From the 8th to the 16th the Coehorn mortars were employed wherever circumstances would permit of their use, and always with good results, and the caissons of the Reserve batteries kept up the supply of ammunition to the corps batteries in action. The Reserve itself moved its position from day to day, being generally encamped between the trains and the army, furnishing guards for the trains and pieces to command the roads and approaches, and for the defense of Fredericksburg. On the 16th, the Reserve was by superior orders broken up, and the batteries composing it ordered to Washington. In ordered to retain the organizations, men and material, in this army, the reduction of guns contemplated was, upon my recommendation, effected by reducing each mounted battery in the army to four guns, retaining the extra caissons and ordering the surplus guns and Taft's battery to Washington. This battery being engaged in the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House did not leave for Washington until the night of the 18th.

Colonel Burton, commanding the Reserve, was ordered to report to the commanding general as inspector of artillery on his staff; the field officers, with the exception of Lieutenant-Colonel McGilvery, assigned to the artillery brigades of the corps, and the different staffs dissolved. The ammunition train remained under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McGilvery, as a distinct organization, with one battalion of the Fifteenth New York Foot Artillery. This guard was subsequently reduces to one company. The Reserve Artillery of this

