
Plain, and subsequently to Washington) were reported to me. There was no brigade or distinct administrative organization for the artillery of the corps, and the trains of the other corps and of the reserve park were put in requisition to supply them.

BATTERIES OF THE NINTH CORPS.

Eaton's, 27th New York, 6 Napoleons.

Rogers', 19th New York, 6 Napoleons.

Twitchell's, 7th Maine, 6 Napoleons.

Wright's, 14th Massachusetts, 4 3-inch.

Thomas', 2nd Maine, 4 3-inch.

Jones', 11th Massachusetts, 4 3-inch.

Roemer's, 34th New York, 4 3-inch.

Durell's, (D), Pennsylvania, 4 3-inch.

Start's, 3rd Vermont, 4 3-inch.

On the 30th, Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe was assigned to the command of the artillery of the corps, the rifle batteries were reduced to four guns each, and immediate measures taken to procure horses, ammunition, &amp;c. The batteries were soon put in good condition and consisted of eighteen Napoleons and twenty-four rifles.

On the 31st of May, in obedience to instructions form Major-General Meade, the Horse Artillery was reorganized, reduced to eight batteries of four guns each, one section consisting of Napoleons and one of 3-inch guns, and formed into a single brigade.

HORSE ARTILLERY BRIGADE,

Captain J. M. Robertson: Egan's (K), First United States; Randol's (H and I), First United States; Clarke's (A), Second United States; Heaton's (B and L), Second United States; Williston's (D), Second United States; Pennington's (M), Second United States; Kelly's (C, F, and K), Third United States; Fitzhugh's (C and E), Fourth United States.

The reorganization was effected by Captain J. M. Robertson, under instructions from these headquarters, and when completed the brigade reported to Major-General Sheridan, commanding the Cavalry Corps, for duty. The remaining batteries of Horse Artillery, viz, Porter's, (E and G), First United States; Dennison's (G), Second United States; King's (A), Fourth United States; and Martin's, Sixth New York Independent, after turning over their serviceable artillery horses and transportation for the use of this army, were ordered to Washington, to report to Brigadier-General Howe, inspector-general of artillery. On the 2nd and 3rd of June, at the battle of Cold Harbor, several batteries were detailed from the Second and Sixth Corps for service with the Eighteenth, and a large quantity of ammunition drawn from our reserves and batteries for the supply of those of the Eighteenth Corps. June 6, in consequence of the good service rendered by the Coehorn mortars, and their demonstrated usefulness, six were ordered for permanent assignment to each corps d'armee.*

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier General, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Asst. Adjt. General

ADDENDA.

Extracts from Journal of Brigadier General Henry J. Hunt, Chief of Artillery.

May 5, 1864.-Left camp about 5.45 a. m. At 7.40 a. m., when near General Warren's headquarters, received information that the

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

19 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT I

