
Division of Cavalry, and continued with General Wilson until the 25th of the month. During this period he accompanied the cavalry expedition from Chancellorsville to Haxall's Landing, on the James River, and was present at the different engagements which took place along the route and back.

Having crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the 4th with the major-general commanding, I was directed early on the following morning to reconnoiter the ground along the Wilderness Creek and to the right of the position taken up by the Fifth Corps across the Orange and Fredericksburg turnpike. Upon striking the crossroad between the latter and the plank road at Spotswood's, a shot from one of the vedettes of the enemy's cavalry disclosed his presence, and information of the fact was immediately given to General Wright, whose division of the Sixth Corps was then moving along the plank road. This division and that of Ricketts' were at once formed in line of battle parallel to the latter road and moved forward to the right of the Fifth. On the greater part of this and during the entire day of the 6th, I remained with General Sedgwick, by direction of the chief of staff, to render him such services as were in my power. On the last day I made a careful examination of his front, and partially superintended the construction of an intrenched line. The right of the latter was necessarily very much exposed, several roads offering great facilities for outflanking the position. A series of determined and bloody assaults on both days by each of the contending forces opened the campaign, the battles of the Wilderness ending on the evening of the 6th by a fierce attack about dark by the enemy on the right of the Sixth Corps. After assisting to rally the troops I reported to the commanding general, and was directed by him to guide the Sixth Corps into a new position, the left still resting on the right of the Fifth. The latter having slightly fallen back, the line was refused and extended across the Germanna plank road, with the right resting near Sutherland's, a short distance beyond the quartz mill. The movement of the corps commenced about midnight, and was successfully established in its new position by daylight. During this time the headquarters camp was near the Wilderness Tavern.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

On the night of the 7th, the army took up the line of march. Lieutenant Benyaurd was directed to guide the Sixth Corps along the turnpike to Chancellorsville; thence by the plank road to Alrich's and by the Catharpin road to Piney Branch Church, afterward taking the route from the last place to its intersection with the Brock road, near Alsop's. This officer having accompanied the cavalry expedition from the Rapidan to the James River under General Kilkpatrick, had previously passed over the ground. He continued to remain with the Sixth Corps, performing valuable services. The other engineer officers at headquarters accompanied the commanding general on the evening of the 7th to Todd's Tavern, at the intersection of the Brock and Catharpin roads. At this point a severe cavalry fight under Gregg had taken place during the afternoon.

