
ing from near Alsop's to Armstrong's, crossing the Ny near thee latter place. The Po and Ny are affluents of the Mattapony.

On the 13th, I was ordered to examine, at General Hancock's request, the line in his front, including the famous Salient, now become historical, to see whether any change should be made, and what should be done to strengthen it. In the course of the day I examined also the line of the Sixth Corps to the right of the Second. During the night, in accordance with marching orders of this date, the Fifth and Sixth Corps moved from the right to the left with the intention of making a general assault on the following morning. The wretched condition of the roads and the terrible darkness of the night, added to the great fatigue of the troops, made it almost an impossible matter to effect the change. The Fifth Corps moved to the main road between Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania Court-House, and crossed the Ny, taking up position on the south bank. The Sixth was temporarily massed on the north bank near the Beverly house. Headquarters train took the road from Armstrong's to the Gate, thence along the main road to Spotsylvania Court-House, encamping near Harris'.

On the morning of the 14th, I was first directed to cross the Ny and examine the line taken up by the Fifth Corps, and endeavor to locate the position of the enemy's works around Spotsylvania Court-House. Detached portions of these could be seen from one or two commanding points, and had evidently been constructed some time previous in anticipation of the present move. Major Duane accompanied me in this examination. A few hours afterward I made a reconnaissance with some of my assistants toward the Anderson house, and was enabled to locate certain prominent buildings in Spotsylvania, and ascertain other sections of the works around it. In the afternoon Upton's brigade, of the Sixth Corps, was ordered to advance across the Ny to the left of the Fifth Corps, and occupy a commanding position in front of Myers' house. I was directed to accompany it and inspect the ground. The line was formed and the position successfully gained. To render it more tenable the skirmishers were ordered to move forward and take possession of a belt of timber, which might conceal any movement on the part of the enemy. Generals Meade and Wright appeared about the time the men advanced. The skirmish line had scarcely entered previously massed there, who was already marching to attack. The whole brigade gave way, and the position was temporarily lost. Generals Meade and Wright fortunately escaped capture. After crossing the Ny and reaching the Anderson house I was requested by the latter to remain with him until he sent back for the remainder of his corps to come up. In the meanwhile Upton's brigade was reformed. By sunset the whole corps was in position to assault the position from which our troops had been driven, and ere many minutes the ground was repossessed.

On the 15th, 16th, and 17th, the army remained comparatively quiet in consequence of the successive marches and exhausting battles, all operations being interfered with owing to the wretched state of the roads. In the mean time headquarters camp was moved from Harris' to near Anderson's, and daily reconnaissances of the enemy's position were made by the engineer officers. Early on the morning of the 18th, a general attack was made, but failed to gain any advanced position, and on the following day some changes were

