
made in the disposition of the troops for the purpose of turning the enemy's right flank. While the necessary moves were being made a counter-demonstration was undertaken toward our right, his troops reaching the main road. Birney's division was sent to frustrate this attempt, and some skirmishing took place. During the evening I was directed to report to that officer to acquaint him with the nature of the ground, and remained with him at night engaged in examining his position preparatory to a renewal of the attack at daylight. Captain Turnbull accompanied me and rendered valuable service.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

On the night of the 20th, a flank movement of the army was commenced by the Second Corps. Lieutenant Mackenzie was ordered to report temporarily to Major-General Hancock, and accompany that command. He continued with it until the North Anna was reached and during the operations on that river, and then returned to general headquarters. During this time he was employed in reconnoitering the successive lines taken up by it. On the 21st, I accompanied the major-general commanding from Anderson's to Motley's, near Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, ad in the evening was sent across the Mattapony to ascertain the existence of any fords above the bridge, near the station, by which the Sixth Corps could cross the Po in the line of its march from Anderson's (Smith's) Mill. None could be found, and the bridge on the road from Stanard's had been destroyed. A reconnaissance was also made toward Mud Tavern on the Telegraph road. The enemy's vedettes were discovered at Gatewood's, and the information gained that the enemy had abandoned Spotsylvania Court-House, and were moving south by the Telegraph road toward the North Anna to take up that naturally strong position. On the 22nd, the general and his staff moved from Motley's to Tyler's, near Bethel Church, crossing the Mattapony at Guiney's Bridge and taking the route over the Ta by Madison's Ordinary (Flippo's) and Concord Academy. The map indicates the several lines of march of the different corps. The movement of the army was continued on the 23d, the general headquarters changing from Tyler's to Montague's, within a short distance of Old Chesterfield. The road crossed the Mat River, thence by Collins' Steam Saw-Mill to Wright's Store. At this place it entered the main road from Port Royal and Bowling Green toward the crossings of the North Anna at Jericho Mills, Quarles' Mills, and Chesterfield Ford. The Second and Fifth Corps were in advance. Each forced a passage of the river, the former at Chesterfield Ford, and the latter at Jericho Mills.

On the 24th, the headquarters were temporarily at Mount Carmel Church, and subsequently moved to the south side of the North Anna. On this day the whole army, except two divisions of the Ninth Corps, effected the passage of that stream, Crittenden's division, of the Ninth Corps, crossing below Quarles's Mills. On the morning of the 25th, I was directed to make a general reconnaissance of the whole line, and succeeded in doing so from Noel's Station, in the neighborhood of which a division of the Sixth was engaged in most effectually destroying the rails of the Virginia Central Railroad, to

