
where the left of Crittenden rested on the river. A log bridge, in addition to the one at Quarles' Mills, had been constructed. These, together with the Chesterfield and the several pontoon bridges, afforded perfect facilities for crossing. The enemy was found to be in strong position in front of Hanover Junction. Headquarters camp was moved back over the North Anna to the vicinity of Quarles' Mills during the day, and general preparations were made for recrossing the whole army. On the 26th, I made a personal examination of all the bridges and crossings, including the canvas pontoons newly laid during the day near the railroad bridge, to see that everything should be in readiness for the contemplated move.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

On the evening of the 26th, the movement of recrossing commenced and was continued on the following day. The major-general commanding moved his headquarters from Quarles' Mills to Mangohick Church, following the road by Chesterfield Depot, Concord Church, and Jerusalem Church. Lieutenant Howell was directed to guide the Ninth Corps. Late in the afternoon, accompanied by Lieutenant Mackenzie, I examined the road leading from Rider's to Taylor's Ford and Norman's Ferry on the Pamunkey, and also to Widow Nelson's Ferry, to ascertain whether it would be possible to cross the river at the latter point. Having satisfactorily accomplished the object of the examination we returned to camp. On the same day Gregg's and Torbert's divisions of cavalry, and Russell's of infantry, seized the crossing of the same river at Hanovertown. By the evening of the 28th, the troops had all passed over the several pontoon bridges thrown to receive them, the Fifth and Ninth at Hanovertown, and the Second and Sixth at Nelson's. The general headquarters was located near Hundley's. A severe cavalry fight took place near Haw's Store. Some fear was entertained that the enemy might take the several columns in detail while effecting the crossing, By order of the commanding general Major Duane and myself rode along the whole line from right to left to aid in forming it and to see that it was continuous. Before dark a strong position had been taken up by the army in readiness to resist any attack, and many were intrenched, thee left resting near the Totopotomoy and the right on Crump's Creek. Lieutenant Howell was sent with the First Cavalry Division on the morning to examine the country in advance of the position, and was present during the fight which took place. On the 29th, a grand reconnaissance in force was ordered in the direction of Hanover Court-House and Shady Grove Church, and along each of the intermediate roads, to be supported by the whole army if necessary. Lieutenant Mackenzie accompanied the Fifth Corps, Lieutenant Howell the Ninth, Captain Turnbull the Second, Captain Mendell one division of the Sixth, and I joined another (Russell's) of the same corps. The last two columns took separate roads and finally united at Hanover Court-House without discovering the presence of but a few cavalry vedettes. On the 30th, the general headquarters moved from Mrs. Hundley's to near Aenon Church, passing Haw's Store. During the day Lieutenant Howell was sent to the Fifth Corps and Lieutenant Benyaurd, with the Sixth, on its

