
march from Hanover Court-House to Overton's. These officers with Lieutenant Mackenzie were constantly engaged during this and the following day in making reconnaissances along the Totopotomoy and of the different lines taken up as the army changed position.

On the 1st of June Captain Mendell and Lieutenant Benyaurd were sent to White House to superintend the construction of such field-works as might be needed to protect the place against any sudden attack of cavalry, the depot having been moved from Port Royal to that place. During the day, accompanied by Captain Gillespie, who had joined the army a few days previous, and several assistants, I directed the examination of the country to the southeast of the Old Church Tavern for the purpose of finding several parallel roads over which to move simultaneously different columns. Upon reaching the Old Church Tavern the columns of the Eighteenth Corps were met en route from the White House, and passing to the front to take position in advance of Cold Harbor. A severe cavalry fight had taken pace the evening before, and the skirmishing had been resumed in the morning. The Eighteenth arrived in time to participate, and succeeded, by charging the enemy's works on the left, in taking the first of his entrenched lines. By the changes which had taken pace in the disposition of the troops during the day and previous night, the right flank now rested on the Totopotomoy near Bethesda Chruch and the left on Elder Swamp, holding the commanding ground in front of Cold Harbor. A general attack was subsequently made by the enemy along his entire front, which was repulsed with considerable loss. On returning late in the evening from the extended reconnaissance. of the day, it was found that headquarters camp had moved from Aenon Church to near Via's house.

On the 2nd, it was again moved to near Leary's, about a mile in rear of Old Cold Harbor, and on the road from Old Church Tavern to Gaines' Mill. During the whole day columns of troops were in motion, the weather being excessively warm and the dust very intense. The morning of the 3rd witnessed a most gallant assault by the army along its entire front. The order of the different corps from right to left was as follows: Fifth, Ninth, Eighteenth, Sixth, and Second. The attack, though furious at every point, failed in its object to drive back the enemy across the Chicahominy, both lines of battle at the time being parallel to that stream. Early on the morning I was directed to make a reconnaissance along the Second Corps line and ascertain its position and strength. Later in the day was sent to examine the line of battle of the Eighteenth Corps, and that of Birney's division, of the Second Corps, to the right of the latter, and subsequently occupied by the Ninth Corps. Never were two lines of battle more closely arrayed against each other, separated by distances varying from 40 to 100 yards, each waiting in silent and unwavering determination the fierce attack of the other, but neither willing to take the initiative. Both contending forces had already experienced most deadly repulses. Not a portion of the person could be exposed for a moment; the unerring shot of the person could be exposed for a moment; the unerring shot of the sharpshooter warned all against rising above the hastily constricted entrenchments. All lay close to the ground, it being necessary to crawl along on hand and knees to reach the line. Having carefully examined the position of the works in company with Captain Farquhar, U. S. Engineers, who had arrived with the Eighteenth Corps, on the staff of Major General W. F. Smith, I reported to the com-

