
Brocklin parked his thin on the hill, moved down to the river and built his bridge, completing it a few minutes in advance of Captain Van Brocklin. At 6 p. m., on the same day, most of the Fifth and Sixth Corps having crossed the river, Captain Van Brocklin dismantled his bridge, leaving Captain McDonald's bridge to pass the supply trains and the Ninth Corps, and on the morning of the 5th moved his train to Old Wilderness Tavern. During the day his company was occupied in repairing the bridges over Old Wilderness Run and the roads in its vicinity.

First Battalion.

On the morning of May 3, at 7 a. m., Major Brainerd broke camp at Stevensburg and moved whit his battalion at the head of the Second Corps, arriving at Ely's Ford about 6 a. m. on the morning of the 4th, where he laid his bridge as already described; length of bridge, 190 feet. The whole of the Second Corps having crossed the river this bridge was dismantled at 2 p. m. on the 5th, and Major Brainerd moved whit his battalion to Chancellorsville the same evening.

Second Battalion.

On the 2nd of May Major Beers took up his bridge at Welford's Ford, on the Hazel River, except on boat left in the river for a ferry, and went into camp on the south side of the river. On the morning of the 4th, at 4 o'clock, he broke camp and marched with his battalion and pontoon train for Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan, and had a bridge completed at that point at 5 p. m. the same day; length of the bridge, 160 feet. Most of the supply trains crossed on this bridge. On the 5th, this battalion was occupied most of the day upon roads in the direction of richardsville and in the vicinity of the river to facilitate the passage of trains. At 5 p. m., on the 5th, this bridge was dismantled, the trains moved back about 1 1\2 miles from the river and parked about midnight.

Third Battalion.

On the 1st of May Captain McDonald, by order of General Warren, dismantled the brigade at Rappahannock Station, and parked his train on the south side of the river.

At 1 p. m. on the 3rd, he marched whit his battalion and train, via Poali Mills, for Germanna Ford, arriving at a point near the ford at 10 o'clock the same evening.

On the morning of the 4th, at 5 o'clock, he moved his train to the river, and laid a bridge, as heretofore described; length of the bride, 220 feet. Most of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Corps crossed on this bridge. During the 4th and 5th, Companies D and M of this battalion performed very efficient service upon the roads in the vicinity of the ford. This brings my report of the operations of all the battalions up to the evening of May 5. At that time the only pontoon bridge remaining in use over the Rapidan was that of the Third Battalion at Germanna Ford.

About midnight on the 5th of May Lieutenant Folwell returned from general headquarters with orders for me to report there at daylight the next morning whit my command, and notice that all the other battalions had been called to rendezvous there at the same time to be consolidated under my command for duty as infantry

