
m., by General Warren's orders, I sent Major Beers with his battalion to rejoin the Sixth corps. General Sedgwick sent Major Beers with his battalion to assist in protecting his rear, upon which he was threatened by the enemy. During the night of the 7th, all the battalions marched to Chancellorsville and there rejoined their several trains, all of which, except the Third Battalion train, had been brought up there from Ely's Ford.

Captain McDonald, who left the Widerness with two companies of his battalion at 11.30 p. m. the 6th, as before mentioned, arrived at Germanna?Ford at 2.30 a. m. on the 7th. He immediately dismantled his bridge, and at 6 a. m. moved by the north side of the river toward Ely's Ford. There he railed his bridge for the passage of the ambulance train. At the close of this epoch, on the night of May 7, pontoon train Numbers 3 was in use at ely's Ford, in charge of Captain McDonald with two companies, and all the other trains and battalions were concentrated at or near Chancellorsville.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

May 8, at daylight, the bridge at Germanna [Ely's] Ford was dismantled, and Captain McDonald marched with his two companies and his trains to the Ny River at Fallen Mill Crossing. All the battalions except the reserve were encamped the same evening at the same point. The Reserve Battalion with its train marched via Tabernacle Church to Alsop's Gate, having been misled by a guide, and returned to the Fredericksburg plank road, near Miller's, about dark. During the night marched to Piney Branch Church, on the south side of the Ny River, where the trains were parked. May 9, the First and Third Battalions marched with their bridge trains to Alrich's on the plank road. The Second Battalion was engaged in repairing roads toward Spotsylvania Court-House. May 10, by your order, I sent Major Brainerd with two companies of his battalion and his bridge train, together with six boats of train Numbers 3, to bridge the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg. He started his train at 11.30 a. m., and had his bridge ready for use at 4.30 p. m., having marched 8 miles and built a bridge 420 feet in length in five hours. I also sent Captain Van Brocklin with his bridge train to report to Major-General Hancock near Todd's Tavern. In compliance with instructions there received he laid two bridges, each about 50 feet in length, across the river Po. At 3 p. m. these bridges were dismantled and Captain Van Brocklin returned to camp with his train. Major Beers moved his battalion and train to Alrich's.

To save repetition I will here state that orders given by me for the organization and movement of trains, construction of bridges, &amp;c., were always in obedience to instruction received from you as chief engineer. May 13, Major Beers and Captain McDonald marched their battalions, except guards left with the bridge trains, to their respective corps headquarters, where they were engaged in building and repairing roads and bridges. Major Beers built one new corduroy bridge and repaired an old one over the Ny River. Major Brainerd also sent Company F, from Fredericksburg, and Company B, then at Alrich's, to Second Corps headquarters, under command of Captain McGrath, for duty at the front. The Reserve

