
with the Sixth Corps toward Guiney's Station. The pontoon train of this battalion, with one company, Captain Palmer commanding, moved from Fredericksburg about 12 miles toward Bowling Green. Major Ford broke camp on the Po River, and with two of his companies marched with the Fifth Corps. Captain Van Brocklin had his train hitched up at his camp near the Anderson farm early in the morning, and was directed by the assistant adjutant-general, Fifth Corps, to wait there until he received further orders. He left an orderly at the disposal of the assistant adjutant-general to convey these orders. The Fifth Corps marched off, and no orders were sent Captain Van Brocklin. He left his train in park until the enemy's line of skirmishers had advanced within half a mile of his train. Believing that he had been overlooked, and that it was not intended his command and pontoon train should fall into the hands o the enemy, he moved off rapidly and overtook the rear of the column. General Warren, finding that this pontoon train was not with the head of the column where it was likely to be required for bridging the Mattapony, sent Major Ford to hurry it forward. The superiority of the canvas train as now organized for rapid movement was then shown. The column was in motion and over 4 miles long; yet before the head of the column reached Guiney's Station, a distance of 6 miles, this pontoon train was in the advance, having passed the infantry, artillery, and wagon train of the corps. At Guiney's Station a permanent bridge was still standing, which, with some slight repairs, was found to answer the purpose. Major Ford constructed log bridges over the Ta and Po Rivers, repaired corduroy roads, and at night bivouacked near General Warren's headquarters. Captain McDonald, with one company and the Third Battalion pontoon train, moved from Fredericksburg toward Bowling Green, arriving at the latter place on the 23d. Captain Folwell, with pontoon train Numbers 4, marched with the Second Corps, via Bowling Green and Milford Station, to a point east of the Mattapony. May 22, Major Brainerd joined the two companies of his battalion that were on duty with the Second Corps, leaving Captain Personius, with one company, in charge of his pontoon train. This train moved from Thornton's place to Bowling Green. Major Beers marched to Guiney's Station during the forenoon, repaired Guiney's Bridge, and in the afternoon marched to Wright's Tavern. Captain Palmer, with the pontoon train of this battalion, moved to Bowling Green. Major Ford commenced tracing line of works on the ridge adjoining General Warren's headquarters, but the work was discontinued. He moved with his command to the Mat River, repaired the bridge, and at night camped at Bull Church. May 23, Major Brainerd marched with the Second Corps, via Chesterfield Station, to a point near the North Anna. Captain Folwell, with his company and canvas train, accompanied this battalion. Captain Personius, with the pontoon train of this battalion, moved from Bowling Green to Milford Station. Major Beers marched with his command to Mount Carmel Church. Captain Plamer, with the pontoon train of this battalion, moved to the same place. Major Ford marched in the morning through Golansville across Pole Cat Run and parked near Mount Carmel Church at noon. At 2 p. m., moved with his command and canvas train to Jericho Mills, on the North Anna, and in one hour after reaching the river Captain Van Brocklin had completed a bridge of 160 feet in length, and the batteries of the Fifth Corps commenced crossing.

