
May 24, Major Brainerd moved to the North Anna below the railway bridge, and under his direction Captain Folwell built two canvas bridges, each of 100 feet in length, for the Second Corps to cross. At night Major Brainerd, with his command, also built a corduroy bridge across the North Anna above the railway bridge for the Ninth Corps to cross. Captain Personius, with his company and pontoon train, moved from Milford Station to Wright's Tavern. Major Beers marched to Jericho Mills, on the North Anna, and built roads and repaired approaches to the bridge. Captain Palmer, with pontoon train Numbers 2, started in the evening for Jericho Mills, and marched all night. Major Ford, with his battalion, was also at work on the roads and bridge approaches. Captain McDonald, with his company and pontoon train Numbers 3, marched from Bowling Green to Milford Station.

May 25, Major Broainerd at work with his command building approaches and roads, and Captain Folwell, under his directions, built another canvas bridge of 100 feet in length over the North Anna above the railway bridge. Major Beers, with Company E, Captain Hine commanding, went back toward Mount Carmel Church until he met Captain Palmer with his train. Moved the train to Quarles' Mills, on the North Anna. There he bridged the river, putting in 80 feet of pontoon bridge and about 300 feet of crib bridge, covered with covered with boards found near the bridge. During the night the pontoon portion of this bridge was dismantled, and two companies of the Second Battalion, Captain Hine commanding, replace it by a corduroy bridge. Major Ford built another side-hill road leading from the brigade at Jericho Mills (a heavy piece of work) to afford additional facilities for the withdrawal of troops and trains. A violent rain-storm occasioned a rapidan rise of the river, which rendered the maintenance of all the bridges over the North Anna a matter of extreme labor and anxiety. Captain McDonald, with pontoon train Numbers 3, moved from Milford Station to Wright's Tavern.

May 26, at 5.30, I directed Captains Folwell and Van Brocklin to take up their canvas bridges and report with their commands and trains to Major-General Sheridan, at Chesterfield Station. Captain Van Brocklin immediately dismantled his bridge and marched to Chesterfield Station, and at 7 a. m. Major Beers had replaced this bridge by a wooden pontoon bridge (train Numbers 2) of 160 feet in length. General Hancock declined to permit the canvas bridges at his crossing to be removed until others arrived to take their places. I had sent early in the morning for Captain McDonald, then at Wright's Tavern, to move at once to the North Anna with train Numbers 3 and replace one or more of the canvas bridges with wooden pontoons. He reached the river at 11 a. m. At 12 m., Captain Folwell had his bridge dismantled, loaded, and started for Chesterfield Station, which place he reached in time to fall in General Sheridan's column, behind Captain Van Brocklin's train. At the same time that Captain Folwell left the river (12 m.) Captain McDonald, under Major Brainerd's directions, had completed a bridge of wooden pontoons of 100 feet in length in place of the canvas bridges, and immediately proceeded to build another pontoon bridge of 100 feet in length above the railway bridge, Major Brainerd's battalion assisting. Captain Folwell and Captain Van Brocklin marched their commands with General Sheridan's cavalry during the afternoon and all night, with but one short halt. At 1 p. m. I sent orders to

