
Captain Personius to proceed with his train to Quarles' Mills, and afterward directed him to stop at Mount Carmel Church and await orders. At 6 p. m. he received orders from you to move his train to Butler's Mill, on the North Anna, and report to General Wilson for the purpose of bridging the river for the passage of cavalry. On his arrival at Bulter's Mill, he found a good permanent bridge, and sent an officer with an escort of cavalry to report to General Wilson near Beaver Dam Station. During the night I sent him directions that as son as he was relieve by General Wilson he should join the main supply trains of the army, and proceed with them down the east side of the Mattapony River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

May 27, the Reserve Battalion, with two canvas pontoon trains, accompanying General Sheridan's command, reached the Pamunkey at Hanovertown about daylight. Captain Van Brocklin having the advance put a couple of boats together about a mile from the river,

carried them to the river on the men's shoulders, and sent over dismounted cavalry in these boats to drive away the enemy's pickets. This was done after a slight skirmish, and Captain Van Brocklin immediately commenced constructing his bridge, completing it in about one hour, assisted by Captain Folwell and a portion of his company; length of bridge, 180 feet. General Torbert's division of cavalry immediately commenced crossing on this bridge. At 7 a. m. Captain Folwell constructed another bridge of 164 feet in length, a few yards above Captain Van Brocklin's bridge, completing it in about one hour. About dark I sent directions to Captain Folwell to reconnoiter the crossing at Mrs. Nelson's, on the Pamunkey, and select a bridge site. Owing to the extreme darkness he could obtain but little information. During the evening I sent him an order, which he received on his return to camp about midnight, to take all the surplus material of trains Nos. 4 and 5, proceed immediately to Mrs. Nelson's crossing, and have a bridge completed by daylight, if practicable. Major Brainerd had Captain McDonald's bridge near the railway bridge dismantled as soon as the Second Corps had recrossed, at about 4 p. m., and at 6 a. m. he marched with his battalion, accompanied by Captain McDonald and his train, continuing the march nearly all night with the Second Corps. At 1 a. m., the Fifth Corps having coursed the North Anna, Major Beers dismantled his bridge at Jericho Mills, and marched with his battalion, accompanied by Major Ford and his battalion, via Pole Cat run and Young's plantation, toward Mrs. Nelson's crossing, halting about midnight. Captain McDonald joined Major Ford with his train during the march this day.

At 1 a. m. Captain Personius was relieved by General Wilson from duty with his cavalry at Bulter's Mill, on the North Anna, and marched immediately with his bridge trains to join the supply trains of the army. He overtook the rear of these thins at Milford Station, and moved that afternoon to a point about 3 miles north of Newtown. Both men and teams very much worn and exhausted with excessive heat and long marches.

May 28, Captain Folwell reached Mrs. Nelson's crossing at 6 a.

