
m., and at 7. a. m. had a canvas bridge completed across the Pamunkey at this point of 146 feet in length. Owing to the scarcity of material this bridge was built in long spans of 21 feet, the balks alternating on the gunwales, and over this seemingly frail bridge passed without accident two divisions of the Sixth Corps with their artillery. Major Brainerd marched with his battalion at 7.30 a. m. to the Pamunkey, at Mrs. Nelson's, a distance of about 5 miles, where he was occupied during the day in building roads and approaches to the bridges, and at night crossed the river and went into camp near the Second Corps headquarters. Major Beers and Ford performed a large amount of work on the roads and bridges while on the march with their battalion from the North Anna to the Pamunkey. They arrived at Mrs. Nelson's crossing a 3 p. m., and Major Beers immediately threw a wooden pontoon bridge across the river below the canvas bridge. Length of bridge, 140 feet. At 4 a. m. Captain Personius marched with his bridge train, passing all the supply trains, and at 1 p. m. reached the Mattapony at Dunkirk. At 2.30 p. m. his pontoon bridge of 180 feet in length was completed across the river, and trains commenced crossing. During the afternoon and evening he also built a bridge of ferry-boats for the passage of infantry and cavalry re-enforcements from Port Royal; also for the passage of light ambulance trains. At 9 p. m. I directed Major Ford to send Captain McDonald across the river with his bridge train, thence to Hanovertown, and throw a wooden bridge across the river in place of Captain Van Brocklin's canvas bridge, which was to be dismantled. This was done during the night, and Captain Van Brocklin's train was parked on the south bank of the river ready to move at short notice. Captain McDonald's bridge at this point was 180 feet in length.

May 29, Majors Brainerd and Beers at work with their battalions in the vicinity of Mrs. Nelson's crossing. Major Ford moved to Hanovertown with his battalion, and from this date until the 3rd of June he was at work with two companies (D and M) on the roads and bridges between Hanovertown and White House, putting them in thorough repair for the passage of supply and ammunition trains. Captain Folwell took up his bridge at Mrs. Nelson's and moved his train to Hanoverstown, where he had one canvas bridge still in use. May 30, Major Brainerd moved with his battalion about 3 miles to Mrs. Tyler's farm. Captain Folwell dismantled his bridge at Hanovertown, and the Reserve Battalion moved to Mrs. Nelson's with pontoon trains and encamped. May 31, at 3.30 a. m., Captain Personius took up his bridge at Dankirk by your order. This bridge, 1880 feet in length, was dismantled and loaded in sixty-five minutes, 180 feet in length, was dismantled and loaded in sixty-five minutes, and the train moved to Hanovertown the same day. Major Beers moved with two companies of his battalion (E and L) to the headquarters of the Sixth Corps, about 5 miles from the river, leaving Company H (Captain Palmer) in charge of the bridge at Mrs. Neson's. During the afternoon Major Beers with his two companies engaged in cutting roads in rear of the line of battle of the Sixth Corps. At 11.30 he marched with his command, accompanying the Sixth Corps toward Cold Harbor. About midnight I sent an order to Captain Van Brocklin to-take eight boats of his train and part of his company and proceed to Dunkirk, under the escort of a squadron of the First Indiana Cavalry, to bridge the Mattapony for the passage of re-enforcements said to be on the way from Port Royal.

