
June 1, Captain Van Brocklin reached the river at Dunkirk at 8 a. m. with his train. Rebel guerrillas were found to be on the opposite side, exchanging shots with the advance guard of the cavalry. This squadron being armed with sabers and pistols only was unable to drive the enemy from the river bank. Captain Van Brocklin placed one of his boats in the river and crossed with 20 of his men, when the enemy left and he immediately commenced the construction of his bridge. Soon after its completion the enemy attacked the cavalry picket and captured 4 or their horses. Captain Van Broclin marched his company across the river and found the enemy had again taken flight. While this bridge remained in the water rebel guerrillas were constantly prowling about,frequently exchanging to throw up temporary defenses for the bridge and keep his whole company under arms. Major Brainerd marched at 6 p. m. toward Cold Harbor about noon, with the Sixth Corps. I the afternoon sent Company E (Captain Hine) with the First Division and Company L (Captain Dexter) with the Second Division of the Sixth Corps.

These officers and their companies remained on duty with these divisions until June 10, building a battery in front of each division and about 500 feet of covered way for the movement of troops and artillery. This work was necessarily performed in the night, as it was less than 150 yards from the enemy's works. Major Beers speaker highly of the manner in which these officers executed the work under their charge. Captain Palmer dismantled his bridge at Mrs. Nelson's crossing, on the Pamunkey, and moved his train to Lockwood's Tavern. Captain Personius moved his train from Hanovertown to Rocket's, near Old Church. The Reserve Battalion, except that portion absent with Captain Van Brocklin, moved to the headquarters of the army near Cold Harbor.

June 2, Major Brainerd marched at 6 a. m. with two companies of his battalion (B and F), accompanying the Second Corps to a point near Cold Harbor. Captain Personius moved his train to anderson's farm, about 4 miles from Cold Harbor. At 5 p. m. this day no troops had crossed Captain Van Brocklin's bridge at Dunkirk, and a scouting party of the escort sent out 8 miles on the road to Port Royal failed to find any troops on the road. The commanding officer of the escort deemed it unsafe and unnecessary to remain longer at this point, and Captain Van Brocklin accordingly dismantled his bridge and moved to Hanovertown, arriving at the latter place soon after midnight.

June 3, Captain Van Brocklin learned soon after daylight that Colonel Stanton with one regiment of cavalry and one battery of artillery were in camp near him on the north bank of the Pamunkey en route for New Castle Ferry. He accordingly joined this command and marched to New Castle Ferry, on the Pamunkey, and laid a bridge of 160 feet in length for these troops to cross the river. He then reported to me for orders, and I directed him to take up his bridge and report with his train at my camp near Cold Harbor. During the action of this day 2 men of Company B, First Battalion, were wounded, 1 of whom subsequently died. June 4. From this date until June 10, inclusive, the First, Second, and Third Battalions were on duty with their respective corps at Cold Harbor, building and repairing roads and bridges, opening additional communications to

