
Numbers 14. Report of Captain George H. Mendell, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Engineer Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. ENGINEER BATTALION, Camp near Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the officers and men of this battalion between May 1 and August 1, 1864:

On the 3rd of May the Engineer Battalion, with 5 officers and 350 men present, broke camp at Brandy Station and marched to Richardsville, repairing the road to Culpeper Mine Ford for the

passage of trains, and on the 4th were engaged in repairing the roads from the ford to the Old Wilderness Travern. Lieuts. R. S. Mackenzie and Howell were, by the direction of the chief engineer of this army, ordered to accompany the cavalry columns on the front and flanks of the army, where they performed valuable service in reconnoitering and depicting the operations of topographical parties. On the 6th, the battalion reported to General Warren, commanding the Fifth Corps, for duty as infantry, and were assigned a position in the rifle-pits. Upon learning this fact Lieutenant Mackenzie returned from the cavalry and reported for duty with the battalion, making 4 officers in all. The companies were commanded by sergeants. During the latter part of the day the battalion was engaged in fortifying a new line on the fifth Corps (on the night of the 5th) rendered useless. In the confusion that ensued upon the retreat of the Sixth Corps the battalion held a position on the right of Griffin's division, of the Fifth Corps, and remained in it until daylight of the 7th, when, under the orders of General Warren, it was employed in perfecting communications in rear, repairing roads, and constructing bridges. On the 9th, near Spotsylvania Court-House, a part of the battalion was employed ion fortifying a position on the Fifth Corps front, under the fire of sharpshooters. During the subsequent operations around Spotsylvania Court-House the officers were actively and almost constantly employed in reconnaissances under temporary assignments to the different army corps, in guiding troops to positions, and performing such other staff duty as the corps commanders desired, an aggregate of labor that was up to the limit of endurance. On the 12th and 13th, the battalion was employed in rep[airing roads leading toward Fredericksburg, and on the 25th assisted in bridging the North Anna at Quarles' Mills and perfecting the approaches.

During the whole month the officers were kept constantly employed on detached service, under the direction of the chief engineer. In the first few days of June lines of works were laid out for the defense, by a small force, of the White House depot, on the Pamunkey, and during the operations near Cold Harbor, both officers and men were actively engaged in constructing batteries and entrenchments.*

I am, major very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers, Commanding U. S. Engineer Battalion.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. CL, Part I.

---------------

