
Numbers 15. Reports of Major General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps, with statement of guns captured and lost from May 3 to November 1, and list of colors captured and lost from May 4 to November 1.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February --, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Army Corps from May 3 to May 7, 1864, including the battle of the Wilderness, this being the first epoch of the commanding:

The corps left its winter quarters near Stevensburg, Va., on the night of the 3rd of May, with about 27,000 officers and men for duty. The First and Second Division, under Generals Barlow and Gibbon, were composed of the troops of the old Second Corps. The Third and Fourth Divisions, under Generals Birney and Mott, were formed by the consolidation of the old Third Corps with the Second. The Artillery Brigade, attached to the Second Corps, under the command of Colonel J. C. Tidball, Foruth New York Heavy Artillery, consisted of nine batteries, four of them of rifled guns sand five of smooth-bore guns. The two battalions of the Fourth Heavy Artillery were attached to the brigade.

My command moved at midnight toward Ely's Ford, preceded by Gregg's division of cavalry, which met with no resistance at the river. When the infantry came in sight of the ford, the cavalry was well across and had the canvas bridge nearly laid. The bridge was soon completed by my troops, and the corps proceeded to Chancellorsville, arriving there about 9 a. m. The cavalry moved well out in advance toward Fredericksburg and Todd's Tavern. During the afternoon communications were established with Warren's corps, on my right, by way of the plank road. My troops bivouacked for the night near the cross-roads at Chancellorsville, on the battle ground of May 3, 1863.

At 5 a. m. on the 5th of May the Second Corps moved toward its designated position at Shady Grove Church, taking the road by the Furnaces and Todd's Tavern. My advance was about 2 miles beyond Todd's Travern, when at 9 a. m., I received a dispatch from the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac to halt at the tavern, as the enemy had been discovered in some force on the Wilderness pike. Two hours later I was directed to move my command out the Brock road to this intersection with the Orange plank road. I immediately gave orders for the troops to march toward the point designated. Proceeding ahead of my command to the junction of the Brock road and Orange plank road, I there met Brigadier-General Getty, commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps, who, with a part of his division, had encountered the enemy's advance at that point, and after a sharp contest had taken possession of the crossroad. Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, my chief of staff, was sent by me at this hour to inform Major-General Meade that I had joined General Getty on the Brock road. General Getty's command was then in line of battle along that road, his left resting near the junction with the Orange plank road. At 2 p. m. the head of my command (Major-General Birney's division) joined General Getty's troops on the Brock road, and was at once formed on Getty's left in two lines

