
which led me to apprehend an attack in that direction and gave me some uneasiness, but I was notified at 8.15 a. m,., by a dispatch from General Humphreys, that General Sheridan, with one division of cavalry, had been directed to attack the enemy on the Brock road. It was supposed that Longstreet's corps was marching on that road toward my left. At 8.50 a. m. Birney's, Stevenson's, Mott's, and Wadsworth's divisions again advanced along the Orange plank road with Webb's, Carroll's, and Owen's brigades, of Gibbon's division, and became very furiously engaged with the enemy. The firing had hardly commenced at this point when my left flank was seriously threatened. The enemy opened whit artillery and pressed forward their skirmish line. Rapid firing was also heard in the direction of Todd's Tavern. This was supposed to be Sheridan's attack on Longstreet, which had been ordered by the major-general commanding, as narrated above. The impression that Longstreet was executing the flank movement, concerning which I had been cautioned during the night, was strengthened by a report that infantry was moving on the Brock road from the direction of Todd's Tavern about 2 miles from my left. Knowing that we had no infantry in that direction I supposed it must be the advance of the enemy, and Brooke's brigade, of Barlow's division, was immediately sent out on the Brock road to my extreme left, where a strong breast-work was constructed across the road. Liasure's brigade, Ninth Corps, and Eustis' brigade, Sixth Corps, where held in readiness to support Barlow.

The infantry reported as moving on the Brock road proved afterward to be a body of several hundred convalescents who had marched from Chancellorsville and were now following the rout of the Second Corps around by Todd's Tavern. Sheridan, instead of meeting Longstreet abandoned his flank movement and came in on the Orange plank road to the support of Hill, who had been effectually disposed of by my own attack. The arrangements made on my success at the time when General Birney was driving Hill on the plank road. At 9.15 a dispatch reached me from General Humphreys, stating that Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, of General Grant's staff, had been sent to point out to General Burnside where to attack the enemy near the plank road. The same dispatch directed me to attack simultaneously with General Burnside. When I received it my line was closely engaged with the enemy on the right and left of the Orange plank road. Half an hour later another dispatch arrived from General Humphreys, inclosing one from Colonel Platt, judge advocate of the Army of the Potomac, which stated that Cutler's brigade, Fifth Corps, on my right, had fallen back out of the woods considerably disorganized, General Cutler reporting heavy losses, and that the enemy's skirmishers were within one-half mile of General Warren's headquarters. I was directed to take immediate measures to check this movement of the enemy through General Warren's headquarters. I was directed to take immediate measures to check this movement of the enemy through General Warren's left and was informed that General Meade had no troops to spare for that purpose. I at once ordered General Briney to send to the right as many troops as he could spare to drive the enemy back and restore the line where it had been broken on General Warren's left. General Birney sent two brigades to effect that object, and reported to me a short time afterward by one of his staff that the force he had dispatched to the right had connected with War-

