
ren's left and had re-established the line which had been lost by Cutler's brigade falling back. About 10 a. m. General Gibbon informed me that the enemy did not hold the Brock road, but that General Miles' skirmishers were engaged on my extreme left, in front of the Brock road, with the enemy's dismounted cavalry, while in the direction of Todd's Tavern our cavalry was engaged, it was supposed, with Longstreet's corps.

The enemy now advanced upon Frank's brigade, of Barlow's division, which joined the left of Mott's division. That brigade, having been heavily engaged in the earlier part of the day, had nearly exhausted its ammunition, and was compelled to retie before the enemy, whose attack was made whit great vehemence. This was Longstreet's attack. Passing over Frank's brigade, they struck the left of Mostt's division, which in turn was forced back. Some confusion ensuing among the troops of that division, I endeavored to restore order and to reform my line of battle along the Orange plank road, from its extreme advance to its junction with the Brock road, by throwing back my left, in order to hold my advanced position along that road and on its right, but was unable to effect this, owing to the partial disorganization of the troops, which was to be attributed to their having been engaged for many hours in a dense forest, under a heavy and murderous musketry fire, when their formation was partly lost. General Birney, who was in command of that portion of the line, thought it advisable to withdraw the troops from the wood, where it was almost impossible to adjust our lines, and to reform them in the breast-works along the Brock road on our original line of battle. This movement was accomplished, and by the exertions of the officers order was soon restored. The troops were reformed in two lines of battle on the same ground from which they had advanced to the attack in the morning. The enemy pushed forward until he was within a few hundred paces of our breast-works, but did not attempt to assault them at that time.

I had dispatched a staff officer to inform General Meade that, owing to a heavy attack by Longstreet on my left, my troops had been forced to retire to the Brock road, where the line of battle had been re-established. I also informed him that I was about to attack the enemy's left with Leasure's brigade, of the Ninth Corps, then under my orders. This brigade was in position toward the left of my line, and under the command of General Gibbon. I instructed him to advance it upon the left flank of the enemy, directing that Colonel Leasure should sweep along the front of my line to the right in the direction of the Orange plank road, keeping his right about 100 paces from our breast-works; that he should attack the enemy's left and endeavor to drive him back. These instructions were executed by Colonel Leasure with great spirit and success. Deploying his brigade at right angles to our line of battle, he traversed the entire front of Mott's and Birney's divisions, crossing the Orange plank road in his march, encountering as he proceeded what he supplant road in his march, encountering as he proceeded what he supposed to be a brigade of the enemy, which fell back in disorder without engaging him.

After carrying out my instructions very fully and intelligently, Colonel Leasure's command resumed its former position in the line of battle.

At 2.10 p. m. one brigade of Robinson's division, of the Ninth [Fifth?] Corps, and two regiments of heavy artillery, commanded by Colonel Morrison, reported to me by order of Major-General Meade.

