
broken Hill's corps to pieces, and that Longstreet was recalled from the Catharpin road to retrieve the disaster which had overtaken Hill, while Stuart with his cavalry was directed to attack our left.

I am not aware what movements were made by General Burnside near Parker's Store on the morning of the 6th, but I experienced no relief from the attack I was informed he would make across my front, a movement long and anxiously waited for.

The late Major-General Birney acquitted himself with great honor during the battle. His command made a splendid and irresistible advance on the 6th, in which he entirely overthrew the enemy in his front. Major-General Gibbon commanded the left of my line. The troops of his division were sent to the right during the severe fighting along the plank road on the 5th and 6th, where they were under the command of General Birney. Brigadier-General Barlow, then commanding First Division, Second Corps, was under the immediate command of General Gibbon during the battle, on the extreme left of my line. He performed important services. His division, which had charge of the support of nearly all of my artillery, did not go into action as a whole, but each of his brigades were engaged at different periods on the 5th and 6th. Brigadier-General Mott, commanding Fourth Division, Second Corps, was under the command of General Birney during the operations of the 5th and 6th. He displayed his accustomed personal gallantry on the field. Brigadier-General Getty, commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps, was under my command on the 5th and 6th. He was severely wounded while engaged with the enemy on the morning of the 6th. Brigadier-General Wheaton succeeded him in command. His troops fought with great bravery on both days. Brigadier General Alexander Hays, that dauntless soldier, whose intrepid and chivalric bearing on so many battle-fields had won for him the highest renown, was killed at the head of his brigade on the 5th. Brigadier-General Wadsworth whose brilliant example and fearless courage always had such an insuring effect upon his soldiers, fell while leading them against the enemy on the morning of the 6th. Brigadier General Alexander S. Webb, commanding First Brigade Gibbon's division, Colonel (now Brigadier General) Thomas A. Smyth, commanding the Irish Brigade, of Barlow's division, and Colonel (now Brigadier General) John R. Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, of Barlow's division, are entitled to high praise for the manner in which they led their troops into action. Colonel (now Brigadier General) S. S. Carroll, whose services and gallantry were conspicuous throughout the battle, received a painful wound on the 5th, but refused to retire from the field or to give up his command. He particularly distinguished himself on the afternoon of the 6th by the prompt and skillful manner in which he led his brigade to repulse the enemy when they had broken the line of Mott's and Birney's troops. Colonel (now Brigadier General) N. A. Milles, commanding First Brigade, of Barlow's division, checked several attempts of the enemy to advance on my left. In these encounters General Miles displayed his usual skill and courage. Major Henry L. Abbott, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, was mortally wounded while leading his regiment in the heat of the contest on the morning of the 6th. This brilliant young officer, by his courageous conduct in action, the height state of discipline in his regiment, his devotion to duty, at all times, had obtained the highest reputation among his commanding officers. His loss was greatly deplored. Brigadier-

