
General Webb speaks highly of the conduct of Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Bartlett, of the Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, whose regiment was associated in action with his brigade for a short time on the 6th.

The following officers of my staff displayed their usual intelligence and courage: Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, assistant inspector-general and chief of staff, Second Corps; Lieutenant Colonel Francis A. Walker, assistant adjutant-general; Major W. G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; Major A. W. Angel, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, topographical engineer; Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director, Second Corps; Captain I. B. Parker, aide-de-camp; Captain W. D. w. Miller, aide-de-camp; Captain W. P. Wilson, acting aide-de-camp. Captain H. H. Bingham, judge-advocate, Second Corps, specially distinguished himself in rallying and leading into action a portion of the troops who had given way on the afternoon of the 6th. Captain E. P. Brownson, commissary of musters of the Second Corps, was severely wounded while performing similar duty.

The casualties in the Second Corps during the battle of the Wilderness were as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

Artillery	 --	 1	 --	 9

Brigade

First Division	 9	 130	 21	 637

Second Division	 7	 131	 41	 613

Third Division	 14	 250	 83	 1,490

Total*	 30	 512	 145	 2,749

Missing.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

Artillery Brigade	 --	 3	 13

First Division	 3 	 107	 907

Second Division	 2	 112	 906

Third Division	 6 	 130	 1,973

Total*	 11	 352	 3,799

The casualties in the Fourteenth Indiana Regiment are not included in the above. The regiment being now out of service, I have no record from which the information could be obtained.

I desire to say in conclusion that the delay in the transmission of this report; its deficiencies in reference to the operations of the troops under my command during the battle, not belonging to the Second Corps, and the absence of many details of the movements of brigades and regiments of the Second Corps on that field, have been occasioned by the urgent and constant occupation of my time, absorbed as it was by the subsequent operations of the campaign, by the almost total absence of detailed reports from division, brigade, and regimental commanders, and lastly, as has been previously stated, by the nature of the ground on which the battle was fought, which made it impossible to observe the movements of the troops after they had entered the forest, whose thickets concealed the various incidents of the fight from all save those who were immediately engaged. These circumstances combined have not only prevented me from furnishing an accurate and minute report of the operations of the troops, but have unfortunately been the cause of the omission form this report of the names of very many brave officers and soldiers whose conduct richly entitled them to special mention and commendation.

---------------

*But see received statement, p. 122.

---------------

