
Although the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac has stated that reports of the campaign which were not submitted before a certain time would not be forwarded with his own, I consider it due to the officers and soldiers engaged in the battle of the Wilderness that their services should be recited. I therefore submit my report at this late day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Corps.

ASST. ADJT. General, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

P. S.-A number of colors were captured by the troops under my command during this battle. Several thousand stand of arms were also collected from the field.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, Md., September 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,Commanding Mil. Div. of the Atlantic, Philadelphia, Pa.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of the operations of the troops unde my command during the second, third, fourth, and fifth epoch, the battle of the Wilderness. I transmit these reports, notwithstanding your order form headquarters Army of the Potomac, which stated that no report of those epochs would be forwarded by you after a certain date (which would exclude all my reports of the five epochs of the campaign). Supposing, that in consideration of the circumstances causing the delay, and on account of the records of many individuals in subordinate positions, you will not insist on that order, but will forward them. If not, I request that you return them to me as soon as practicable.

I explaining my operations on the day of the advance to Petersburg (15th of July), I have laid a good deal of stress on the incorrectness of the map furnished me, which I have in my possession, and of which you doubtless have a copy, to show the reason why I did not arrive at petersburg at an earlier hour. I am well aware that at that time maps were difficult to procure; and in making the statement in reference to the map in question. I know full well that it was your intention to give me the best information in your possession concerning the route.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, Md., September 21, 1865.

SIR: The following report of the operations of the Second Army Corps, from May 7, 1864, until May 21, 1864, is respectfully submitted. It embraces the time designated by the commanding general, Army of the Potomac, as the second epoch of the campaign:

On the afternoon of the 7th of May I received orders to move to Todd's Tavern during the night, following Warren's corps, which

