
was ordered to Spotsylvania Court-House. I expected to have moved at 10 or 11 p. m., but the troops in advance of me occupied the road all night, and in consequence, the head of my command did not march until some time after daylight. A strong picket-line, under command of Colonel (now Bvt. Major General) Thomas W. Egan, Fortieth New York Volunteers, remained out in front of our line of battle along the Brock road, to cover the departure of my troops from that position. The pickets were withdrawn after the column had marched, and followed it after a considerable interval. They were no seriously molested by the enemy.

The head of my column arrived at Todd's Tavern about 9 a. m. on the 8th, relieving Gregg's division of cavalry, which was holding that point, my skirmishers relieving Gregg's, who were engaged with the enemy's cavalry in front of Todd's Tavern. Mott's division was placed in position to cover the Brock road. Barlow's was formed on Mott's left, Gibbon's covered the Catharpin road, Birney's was in reserve. Subsequently my lines were extended to the left by Birney's division taking position on Gibbon's left, between the Catharpin and Spotsylvania roads. Anticipating an attack in this position, from information which I had received, I directed my division commanders to intrench their lines, to slash the timber in their front, and to obstruct the road leading toward the enemy. Pickets and scouting parties were thrown well out in my front and on the flanks. About 11 a. m., Colonel (now Brevet Major-General) Miles, made a reconnaissance on the Cathearpin road toward Corbin's Bridge, with his own brigade of infantry, one brigade of Gregg's cavalry, and one battery. This force proceeded to within one-half mile of Corbin's Brigade, where the enemy opened upon it with artillery from the high ground on the south side of the Po, opposite the bridge. General Miles formed his infantry in line of battle along a wooded crest, facing the river, his artillery replying to the enemy's fire. He held this position until ordered to return to Todd's Tavern later in the day. At 1.30 p. m. I was instructed by the major-general commanding the army to send one division of my corps to a point about half way between Todd's Tavern and Spotsylvania Court-House as a support to Warren's and Sedgwick's corps. General Gibbon's division was withdrawn from my line for that purpose, porions of barlow's and birney's divisions occupying the grounds thus vacated by Gibbon. At 5.30 p.m., when General Miles was returning from his reconnaissance toward Corbin's Bridge he was attacked by Mahone's brigade, of Hill's corps, which was then marching toward Spotsylvania Court-House. As soon as the firing commenced on General Miles' front I directed General Barlow to send a brigade to his support. The remaining troops were held in readiness to march in the same direction if required. About this time I was informed that the enemy's infantry was also advancing on the Borck road to attack my right. I therefore directed that General Miles should retire slowly toward my maine line of battle at Todd's Tavern. This movement was executed whit great skill and success by that officer, who, while accomplishing it, repelled two spirited attacks of the enemy, inflicting server loss upon him. After the second repulse of the enemy, I withdrew Miles' command inside the entrenchments at Todd's tavern. I directed a reconnaissance to be made on the Brock road as far as the junction of the road leading to Catharpin Furnaces, a detachment remaining at that point to give notice of any movements of the enemy in that direction.

