
This reconnaissance proved the report that the enemy was advancing on the Brock road to be unfounded. Burton's brigade of heavy artillery reported to me about 6.30 p.m., by order of Major-General Meade. I directed it to be massed in rear of my line of battle, in reserve. It was withdrawn from my command shortly afterward.

On the following morning (9th) there were some indications of an advance by the enemy upon Birney's front along the Catharpin road. General Gibbon's division moved about 1 mile to the right, connecting with Birney's division, and Burton's brigade was again ordered up to me. However, no advance was made by the enemy. At noon Birney and Barlow moved down the Spotsylvnaia road about 1 mile. Then taking a wood road leading to the right, to the height open ground overlooking the Po River, they joined General Gibbon, who had previously moved to the left. Here line of battle was formed by the three divisions along the crest commanding the valley of the po. Thorough reconnaissances of the ground between our position and the river were made. Mott's division and Burton's heavy artillery were left to hold the position at Todd's Tavern. During the afternoon the enemy's wagon train could be seen across the Po, moving on the Block house road toward Spotsylvania. Our batteries opened upon it and forced it to take another road. Between 4 and 5 p. m. the river was examined with a view to crossing it, and at 6 p. m., in accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding. I directed Birney, Barlow, and Gibbon to force a passage over the stream; Brooke's brigade, in Barlow's division, had the advance. The enemy held the south side of the stream with only a small body of cavalry and two pieces of artillery, but the passage was extremely difficult, owing to the dept of the water and the thick undergrowth along the banks. Colonel (now General) Brooke pushed over energetically, driving the enemy and taking possession of the cross-roads between Glady Run and the Po. Birney passed over the stream higher up, where he met quite a fierce resistance, the enemy being posted behind a mill race, which was held obstinately, but he was finally obliged to abandon it and retreat. General Gibbon crossed below Barlow, where he met no resistance. The troops were pushed forward rapidly along the Block house road, in the direction of the wooden bridge over the Po. Night came on, however, before the had proceeded far. I was anxious to reach the bridge on the Block house road, take possession of it, and effect the recrossing of the river before halting, but it was found impracticable to keep the skirmish line moving through the dense woods in the darkness, though a portion of the skirmishers reached the river, which was ascertained to be too deep for fording. I was, therefore, compelled to wait until morning.

In accordance with orders from the major-general commanding, Mott's division was withdrawn during the afternoon from Todd's Tavern, and ordered to trade position on the left of Wright's corps.

After the crossing had been effected on the evening of the 9th, I had directed that three bridges should be thrown over the river suitable for the passage of artillery and infantry. These bridges were completed on the morning of the 10th. One was thrown at the point at which Brooke's brigade had crossed, one (a pontoon) near where Gibbon had crossed, and a third a short distance below. At early dawn on the 10th, a close examination was made of the wooden bridge across the Po on the Block house road, with the design of forcing a passage over it, if it should be found practicable

