
to do so. The enemy was in strong force on the opposite bank in entrenchments, which commanded the bridge and its approaches, but showed no disposition to prevent our examining the position. After a careful survey had been made, I concluded not to attempt to carry the bridge, but sent Brooke's brigade, of Barlow's division, up [down] the river, where a reconnaissance had been made by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, my chief of staff, to ascertain what could be effected there.

General Birney was directed to send three of four regiments out on the Andrews' Tavern road to cover Brooke's movement. Colonel Brooke succeeded in crossing the river about half way between the bridge and the mount of Glady run. Throwing out a detachment under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, who pushed forward a short distance when he discovered the enemy's line, consisting of strong earth-works occupied by artillery and infantry.

About this time I was informed by the major-general commanding, that an assault was to be made on the enemy's works on Laurel Hill, in front of General Warren's position near Alsop's house. I was directed to move two of my divisions to the left to participate in it, and to assume command of the forces to be engaged in the attack. Gibbon's division at once crossed to the north bank of the river, forming on Warren's right. Birney's division followed, and was massed in reserve in rear of Warren's corps, leaving barlow to hold the ground on the south side of the Po. I accompanied Birney's and Bibbon's divisions, and at once proceeded to make reconnaissance of the ground where the assault was intended to be made. As General Birney was about withdrawing from the south side of the Po, the regiments which he had ordered out toward Andrews' Tavern were attacked near Glady Run and driven in, and as they returned the skirmishers of Barlow's division became sharply engaged. It soon became evident that the enemy were advancing in force on Barlow's position. The major-general commanding having received this information, and not desiring to bring on a battle on the south side of the Po, directed me to withdraw Barlow's division to the north bank of the river at once, and to give my personal supervision to the movement. I immediately joined General Barlow and instructed him to prepare his command to recross the river on the river on the brigades we had laid in the morning. The enemy was then driving in his skirmishers. The withdrawal of Barlow's troops commenced about 2 p. m. Two of his brigades, Brooke's and Brown's, occupied an advanced position in front of the Block house road, between it and the Po. Miles' and Smyth's brigades were formed along that road, the left resting on a sharp crest within were formed along that road, the left resting on a sharp crest within a few hundred paces of the wooden bridge. In rear of this line a broad, open plain extended to the point where our pontoon bridge was thrown across the river. General Barlow, anticipating an advance of the enemy, had constructed a line of breast-works parallel to the Block house road, a short distance in front of it, and had made other necessary dispositions to receive him.

When I directed General Barlow to commence retiring his command, he recalled Brooke's and brown's brigades, and formed them on the right of Miles' and Smyth's brigades on a wooded crest in rear of the Block house road, about 100 paces in rear of the line of breast-works. As soon as Brooke's and Brown's brigades had occupied this position, Miles and Smyth were ordered to retire to the

