
erse between the Block house road and the Po. This plain was swept by the enemy's musketry in front and by their artillery on the heights above the Block house bridge on the south side of the river.

Brown's brigade in retiring was compelled to pass through the entire wood in its rear, which was then burning furiously. Although under a heavy fire it extricated itself from the forest, losing very heavily in killed and wounded. Colonel Brown crossed the river some distance above the pontoon bridge, forming his troops on the right of Brooke, who had also crossed to the north bank on the pontoon bridge.

I feel that I cannot speak too highly of the bravery, soldierly conduct, and discipline displayed by Brooke's and Brown's brigades on this occasion. Attacked by an entire division of the enemy (Heth's), they repeatedly beat him back, holding their ground with unyielding courage until they were ordered to withdraw, when they retired with such order and steadiness as to merit the highest praise. Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel D. L. Stricker, Second Delaware Volunteers, are conspicuous courage.

The enemy regarded this as a considerable victory, and General Heth published a congratulatory order to his troops, indorsed by General Hill and General Lee, praising them for their valor in driving us from our entrenched lines. Had not barlow's fine division (then in full strength) received imperative orders to withdraw, Heth's division would have had no case for congratulation. There were no more than two brigades of Barlow's division engaged at any one time. When General Barlow commenced withdrawing his troops, I had directed General Birney to move his division to the right and occupy the heights on the north bank of the Po, commanding our bridges, in order to cover Barlow's crossing. The artillery, under command of Colonel J. C. Tidball, chief of artillery, Second Corps, was placed in position for the same purpose. As soon as Brooke's and Brown's brigades had crossed the Po, General Barlow directed Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Brigade, to march his command across the pontoon bridge and take position immediately on the north side, where his fire would sweep the bridges in case the enemy designed forcing a passage. Miles' brigade was thus left to cross last and tear up the bridges at that point. I had sent a detachment to destroy the upper bridge, when the withdrawal was determined upon. The enemy now seeing but a few regiments remaining on the south bank, attempted to cross the open plain in their front, but were at once driven back by General Miles' troops and our artillery on the heights. A furious artillery fire was also opened by the enemy's batteries on the heights above the wooden bridge over the Po. Our batteries replied with a well-directed fire, which speedily silenced them exploding one of their caissons, and forcing them to withdraw their guns. Miles' brigade now crossed to the north bank, taking up the pontoon bridge and thoroughly destroying the other. The enemy made no attempt to cross the stream

Birney's division was then ordered to return to Warren's right, to take part in the assault which was order at p. m., in front of Warren's position. Barlow's division remained on Birney's right, holding the ground it had occupied when it recrossed the river. Earlier in the day, about 11 a. m., Webb's and Carroll's brigades, of

