
up. Gibbon's division was also sent me, so that I had my whole corps available for the assault. the troops were formed just in rear of our picket-line, about 1, 2000 yards from the enemy's entrenchments. But little was known of his position, an attempt made by General Mott, on the 11th, to drive in his skirmish line for the purpose of observation having been only partially successful. the ground ascended sharply between our lines and the enemy's, and was thickly wooded, with the exception of a clearing about 400 yards in width extending up to the enemy's works in front of the Landrum house, curving to the right as it approached his position; a small water course ran parallel to and in front of our line. The troops were formed for the assault with the assistance of the information obtained from for the assault with the assistance of the information obtained from Lieutenant-Colonel Merriam, Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, field officer of the day for Mott's division, who was somewhat familiar with the ground. They took position quietly and promptly, although it was an unusually dark and stormy night.

The direction in which our troops should advance was ascertained by a line determined by a compass on the map from the Brown house toward a large white house known to be inside the enemy's works, near the point we wished to strike. The formation was as follows: Barlow's division in two lines of masses was placed on the cleared ground which extended up to the enemy's line; Brooke's and Miles' brigades in the front line, each regiment forming double column on the center. Birney's division formed in two deployed lines on Balrow's right. In front of him was a marsh and a dense wood of low pines. Mott's division formed in rear of Birney. Gibbon was in reserve. These preparations were scarcely completed at daylight. A heavy fog decided me to delay the order for the assault to commence for a short time, until we should have sufficient light. I therefore waited until 4.35 a. m., when the order was given to advance. Birney had some difficulty in making his was through the marsh and wood in his front, but the pushed forward, overcoming all obstacles, keeping well up with Barlow's division, which moved at quick time for several hundred yards, his heavy column marching over the enemy's pickets without firing a shot, regardless of a shop fire on its left flank from the enemy's picket reserve, which was posted on the high ground on which the Landrum house stands. It continued up the slope about half way to the enemy's line, when the men broke into a tremendous cheer, and spontaneously taking the double-quick, they rolled like an irresistible wave into the enemy's works, tearing away what abatis there was in front of thee entrenchments with their hands and carrying the line at all points in a few moments, although it was desperately defended. Barlow's and Birney's divisions entered almost at the same moment, striking the enemy's line at a sharp salient immediately in front of the Landrum house. A fierce and bloody fight ensued in the works with bayonets and clubbed muskets. It was short, however, and resulted in the capture of nearly 4,000 prisoners of Johnson's division, of Ewell's corps, 20 pieces of artillery, with horse, caissons, and material complete, several thousand stand of small-arms, and upward of 30 colors. Among the prisoners were Major General Edward Johnson and Brigadier General George H. Steuart, of the Confederate service. The enemy fled in great confusion and disorder. Their loss in killed and wounded was unusually great. The interior of the entrenchments presented a terrible and ghastly spectacle of dead, most of whom were killed

