
The enemy steadily continued his efforts to recapture the works he had lost, constantly pushing fresh troops forward for that purpose, but without success. The battle raged furiously and incessantly along the whole line from the right of the Sixth Corps to the left of Barlow's division throughout the day and until late in the night of the 12th, when the enemy desisted from his attack to recover his works, and withdrew his forces from my immediate front. A cold, drenching rain descended during this battle, in which the troops were constantly under heavy and destructive musketry fire quite heavy, but we had inflicted a signal defeat upon the enemy. Ewell's corps of infantry was almost destroyed. The celebrated Stonewall brigade was captured nearly entire. The losses of the enemy during the day in killed, wounded, and captured must have amounted to at least 10,000 men. On the morning of the 13th of May it was discovered that the enemy had retired to his second line of works, about one-half mile in rear of the line we had carried on the previous day, thus yielding to us the palm of victory. This information was at once communicated to the major-general commanding, who directed me to push forward a reconnaissance to ascertain, if practicable, the exact position and strength of the enemy. Owen's brigade, of Gibbon's division, commanded by Colonel (now Bvt. Major General) S. S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Volunteers, was ordered on this service. Colonel Carroll advanced through the wood in our front, driving back the enemy's skirmishers until he discovered the position held by them to be a strongly entrenched line occupied by infantry and artillery. During this reconnaissance, while Carroll was pushing his men forward in his usual intrepid manner, he was severely wounded and compelled to quit the field. He had been previously wounded at the battle of the Wilderness, but had remained on duty. The 13th and 14th of May passed without serious fighting, although some sharp skirmishing and artillery firing occurred on my line.

Owing to the losses in action and the expiration of the term of service of many regiments of Mott's division (Fourth) it had become so reduced in numbers that I issued an order on the 13th of May consolidating it into a brigade, and assigned it to Birney's division.

On the 15th of May, in accordance with instructions received form the major-general commanding, Barlow's and Gibbon's divisions marched toward the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road; Barlow's division massed near the road. Gibbon was directed to occupy a point known as the deserted house, between Barlow and the Ny River. Birney took position to cover the right flank of Burnside's corps. On the 17th, Tyler's division of heavy artillery, Brigadier General R. O. Tyler commanding, and the Corcoran Legion (infantry) joined the Second Corps, making in all a re-enforcement of 8,000 men. The Corcoran Legion was assigned to Gibbon's division. I had receive orders during the day to move my command to the works I had captured on the 12th, and to attack the enemy at daylight on the 18th in the entrenchments he then held in front of that position. The Sixth Corps was directed top form on my right and assail the enemy's line at the same hour. The movement commenced at dark on the 17th. Before daylight on the 18th the troops were in the position designated and the preparations for the attack completed. At 4 a. m. Gibbon and Barlow moved forward to the

22 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

