
assault, their troops in line of brigades. My artillery was posted in the first line of works, firing during the action over our troops in front. Birney and Tyler were in reserve. The enemy held a strong line of entrenchments about one-half mile in front of and parallel to the works we had stormed on the 12th. His position was concealed by the forest and protected by heavy slashing and abatis.

As our troops approached his line the encountered a severe fire of musketry and artillery, which completely sweep his front, making great havoc in our ranks. The pressed forward, however, until they arrived at the edge of the abatis, which, with the heavy fire, arrested their progress. Many gallant attempts were made by our troops to penetrate the enemy's line, but without success. Finding that I was losing quite heavily, and there was but little probability of my being able to carry the enemy's position, I communicated the state of affairs to the major-general commanding, and was directed by him to discontinue the attack. Accordingly, at 10 a. m., I withdrew my troops and occupied the line of works in front of the Landrum House.

In this action the troops exhibited great valor and determination, but the enemy's position was too strong and had too many advantages to be overcome. The Corcoran Legion, of Gibbon's division, was particularly marked for its good conduct on this occasion, its losses being heavy.

During the night of the 18th Barlow's, Birney's, and Gibbon's divisions moved to the vicinity of Anderson's Mill, on the Ny River. Tyler's division remained at the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania Court-House road, near the harris house. On the 19th of May I received orders to be ready to move at dark in the direction of Bawling Green, on the Richmond and Potomac Railroad. preparations were being made for the march, when at 5 p. m., heavy musketry firing was heard in the direction of General Tyler's position. It was soon ascertained that Ewell's corps had crossed the Ny River in front of Tyler and was attacking him forcibly. Birney's division was immediately directed to march to Tyler's support. Barlow and Gibbon were also directed to move up to sustain him, if required.

When I arrived on the field I found Tyler's division fiercely engaged with the enemy in front of the Fredericksburg road. General Birney's troops were hurried up, and as soon as they came upon the ground two brigades were thrown into action on Tyler's right. A portion of the Fifth Corps had also been sent to re-enforce General Tyler. These troops advanced upon his left. The fighting continued obstinately until about 9 o'clock, when the enemy gave way, retreating rapidly across the Ny River, their attack being repulsed at all points.

The loss of the enemy in this action in killed and wounded was severe. About 400 prisoners fell into our hands. This was the first engagement in which the troops of General Tyler's division had participated. They conducted themselves handsomely, firmly sustaining the shock of the enemy's attack, until the arrival of Birney and the troops of the Fifth Corps. Barlow's and Barlow's and Gibbon's troops, although ready to take part in the fight, were not required. This action terminated the operations of my command during the second epoch of the campaign.

