
tion for distinguished conduct. His services were particularly meritorious and valuable at Spotsylvania for the assistance he gave me in selecting the ground for the formation of the troops before assault. In the preliminary examination of the ground, and in the disposition of the troops for the assault, Major (now Lieutenant Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General) William G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp, assisted General Morgan. Surg. (now Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel) A. N. Dougherty, medical director, Second Corps, behaved with great gallantry. He was wounded at Spotsylvania on the 10th of May. Major H. H. Bingham, judge-advocate, Second Corps, conducted himself with his courageously performing his duty at Spotsylvania on the 12th of May. Lieutenant Colonel (late Bvt. Colonel) F. A. Walker, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel R. N. Batchelder, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel (late Bvt. Brigadier General) Joseph S. Smith, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain (now Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel) I. B. Parker, aide-de-camp; Captain (late Bvt. Major) W. D. W. Miller, aide-de-camp; Captain (now Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel) W. P. Wilson, acting assistant adjutant-general; late Captain E. P. Brownson, commissary of musters; Major A. W. Angel, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, acting topographical engineer, all of my staff, performed their arduous duties with courage and fidelity.

The delay in transmitting this report has been occasioned by the almost total failure of my subordinate commanders to furnish me with reports of the operations of their troops during this epoch, and by the pressure of important official business, which has prevented me from giving it my attention until the present time. I respectfully request that, although it has not been furnished within the time specified by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, it may be forwarded in justice to the troops who served under my command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

ASST. ADJT. General, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, Md., September 21, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Corps from May 21 to 27, inclusive, constituting what is designated as the third epoch of the campaign of 1864, in the division adopted by the major-general commanding. Mu report has been unavoidably delayed by the absence of subordinate reports.

On the afternoon of the 19th, the corps being near Anderson's Mill, on the Ny River, I received orders to move my command at 2 a. m. of the 20th to Bowling Green and Milford, and take position on the right bank of the Mattapony. Brigadier-General Torbert, with a detachment of cavalry, was ordered to report to me. The movement of Ewell on our right flank on the evening of the 19th, as described in my report of operations of the second epoch, prevented the march toward Milford until the night of the 20th; meanwhile Colonel Morgan, my chief of staff, had reconnoitered the route as

