
12, 1864, inclusive, embracing the time designated by Major-General Meade as the fourth epoch of the campaign of the Army of the Potomac:

On the 28th, at 5.30 a. m., we broke camp, crossing the Pamunkey about 14 (?) miles above Hanovertown at 12.30 p. m., and taking position on the left of the Sixth Corps, the right near Pollard's house, prolonging the line toward Haw's Church. Communication was established during the afternoon with the Fifth Corps, which had crossed at Hanovertown, but an actual junction was not effected. The cavalry was heavily engaged in my front during the afternoon.

Early on the morning of the 29th, the Ninth Corps (General Burnside) moved into the interval between my line and Warren's corps, the whole line being thrown in front of Haw's Shop. These dispositions were hardly completed when I was directed to make a reconnaissance with a division of infantry, accompanied by artillery, supported, if necessary, by the remainder of my corps, on the road from Haw's Shop to Hanover Junction. Similar reconnaissances were ordered at the same hour on my right and left from Wright's and Warren's corps. Barlow's division moved at 12 m., meeting with no opposition, except from the enemy's cavalry vedettes, until he arrived at the crossing of the Totopotomoy, as laid down on the map, or of Swift Run, a branch of the Totopotomoy, as stated by the negroes in the vicinity. The enemy was found in force, entrenched on the opposite bank, and a brisk skirmish ensued, General Barlow attempting to dislodge him. General Birney and General Gibbon were ordered up, Birney's division being placed on Barlow's right. Gibbon's division got up early on the morning of the 30th, and was placed on Barlow's left, and on the left of the Cold Harbor road. Burnside's corps formed on Gibbon's left. In front of the position assigned to General Gibbon's division the enemy's skirmish line was posted, strongly entrenched. It was handsomely carried with-out much loss by skillful maneuvering by Colonel (now General) Brooke's brigade, of Barlow's division, assisted by General Owen's brigade, of Gibbon's division. Most of the skirmish line was captured, and our own was immediately advanced to the creek.

I had ordered that epaulements for the guns should be thrown up during the night in an advanced position near the Shelton house, but through some mistake they were placed 400 yards in rear. This error was rectified very handsomely and skillfully by Colonel Tidball in broad day and under a sharp fire at close range from the enemy, and our batteries established at the Shelton house, and a heavy fire opened on the enemy's battery opposite, which was soon silenced.

About 3 p. m. Wright's corps moved up to my right. The enemy were very advantageously posted, their line being protected by the creek and a marsh. The skirmishing was incessant during the day in endeavoring to develop the enemy's line. A few minutes after 7 in the evening I received an order to attack as soon as I could find a suitable place, to relived General Warren on the left of the army, who had been vigorously assailed by the enemy. There was no short notice, but I at once gave the order for General Barlow's division to attack. He moved as usual with most commendable promptness. Brooke's brigade advanced just at dark, over obstacle which would have stopped a less energetic commander, and carried the enemy's advanced line of rifle-pits. At 7.40 the order was given by the commanding general to cease operations. About 11 a. m. on the

