
31st, Birney moved forward across Swift Run and carried the enemy's advanced line on the right of the Richmond road. Generals Barlow and Gibbon pushed up close to the enemy's line, but owing to the unfavorable nature of the ground could effect nothing more. The artillery was engaged often and with great credit. General Wright was ready to support me with his whole corps, if necessary, but I had no occasion to call on him.

Early on the morning of the 1st of June Wright's corps was withdrawn to Cold Harbor, and I therefore drew Birney's division back from the south side of the run, his pickets remaining in the advanced line. Later in the day the enemy were reported moving around my right, and dispositions were made to meet them, but it proved to be only a party following the stragglers of Wright's corps. Shortly before noon I received an order to be in readiness to attack, to relieve Warren and Wright, who were expected to become engaged soon. I immediately gave orders for a careful examination of the enemy's position in my front with a view to an assault. The reports from division commanders were quite unfavorable, the enemy's position being, as heretofore mentioned, one of great natural strength, and his works fully manned. My skirmish line was sharply engaged during the day, and about 2 o'clock the enemy, apparently anticipating an attack, was discovered re-enforcing his line, and no further attempt was made to force the position. Early on the night of the 1st, I commenced withdrawing my corps in obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding. My orders required me to mass near army headquarters, but were afterward changed, and I was ordered to Cold Harbor.

Captain Paine, topographical engineer, was directed to report to me to guide my column, and I was instructed to make every effort to reach Cold Harbor as early as possible to re-enforce Wright's left. Every exertion was made, but the night was dark, the heat and dust oppressive, and the roads unknown. Still we should have reached Cold Harbor in good season had not Captain Paine unfortunately taken one of my divisions by a short cut where artillery could not follow, and so thrown my command into great confusion. My staff officers are entitled to great credit for reuniting the column and repairing the unfortunate mistake. The head of my column reached Cold Harbor at 6.30 a. m., June 2, but in such an exhausted condition that a little time was required to allow the men to collect and to cook their rations.

The attack ordered for this morning was postponed until 5 p. m. At 7.30 a. m. the corps was placed in position on the left of Wright's corps, Gibbon's division crossing the Mechanicsville road, with Barlow on his left. General Birney was left to aid General Smith (Eighteenth Corps), in front of Woody's house. Brisk skirmishing ensued during and subsequent to the formation. Birney's division was sent to me at 2 p. m. At 2.40 p. m. I received an order further postponing the assault until 4.30 a. m., June 3, and immediately gave the directions for the necessary examinations and arrangements.

The attack was to be made by Barlow's and Gibbon's divisions, supported by Birney. Barlow formed in two deployed lines, the brigades of Miles and Brooke in the front line and the other two brigades, Byrnes and MacDougall, in the second line. Gibbon formed his division in two lines. The first deployed, consisting of Tyler's and Smyth's; the second line of McKeen's and

