
ADDENDA.

Copy of daily memoranda taken at headquarters of the Second Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864, with copies of messages, dispatches, &amp;c. The Army of the Potomac commanded by Lieutenant General U. S. Grant in person, Major-General Meade second in command.

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Hancock.

May 3, 1864.-Corps brake camp and marched at midnight toward Ely's Ford on the Rapidan. First Division (General Barlow commanding), Second Division (General Gibbon commanding), artillery and engineers marching on road from Stevensburg to Madden's house, crossing Mountain Run at Hamilton's Bridge, joining Third Division (General D. B. Birney commanding) and Fourth Division (General Mott commanding) at Madden's house, and thence moving on direct road through Richardsville toward Ely's Ford.

May 4, 1864.-Head of column (First Division) reached Ely's Ford at 5.25 a. m., and immediately commenced crossing the river, taking position as rapidly as possible on the south bank to cover the ford. Threw light canvass pontoon bridge across the stream below the fording. At 8.15 a. m. head of column (First Division) moved toward Chancellorsville, arriving at that point at 9.30 a. m. Whole corps came up and took position covering Fredericksburg turnpike, plank road, and United States Ford road; pickets thrown out; troops encamped. General D. McM. Gregg and staff at Chancellorsville when we came up.

May 5, 1864.-Corps marched from Chancellorsville at 5 a. m., Gibbon in the advance, by way of Catharpin Furnaces, to Brock road, thence on Brock road to Todd's Tavern at 8.30 a. m. Order of march directed that General Hancock should proceed to Shady Grove Church, crossing Corbin's Bridge on Catharpin road. Head of column accordingly moved on toward Catharpin road about 1 1\2 miles from Todd's Tavern, when at 9 a. m. General Hancock received a note from General Meade stating that the enemy was in strong force on the Orange plank road about 2 miles in front of our lines (Sixth Corps). Column at once directed to halt and Gibbon's division formed line of battle on right and left of Catharpin road. About 12 m. cannonading heard in direction of Old Wilderness Tavern; Second Corps directed to move toward Orange plank road at its junction with the Brock road. General Hancock rode ahead of troops up the Brock road to Orange plank road, where he met General Getty with his division (Sixth Corps), which was in position across the Orange plank road at its intersection with the Brock road. Getty's division had encountered the enemy (Hill's corps) at that point, and after a sharp contest Getty had taken possession of the cross-roads. Head of column of Second Corps (Birney's division(joined left of Getty's line on Brock road at 2 p. m., forming two lines of battle. Mott's division followed immediately and formed in two lines on Birney's left; Gibbon formed on left of Mott, and Barlow on extreme left of corps, occupying a high, open space, where all of our artillery was posted save one battery. At 4.15 p. m., Getty moved forward on right and left of Orange plank road. Birney moved forward on Getty's right and left, attacking the enemy at the same moment within 200 yards of the plank road. One section of Rickett's (Penn-

