
sylvania) battery, Second Corps, in position at crossing of Brock and plank roads; went into action with the troops. 4.30 p. m., Carroll's brigade, of Gibbon's division, moved forward on right of plank road to the support of Getty. 4.40 p. m., Owen's brigade, of Gibbon's division, went forward and joined the fight on right and left of plank road. Very close and severe musketry fighting continued along the entire front of Birney and Getty until about 8 p. m., without decided advantage to either party. At 7 p. m., Captain Cadwalader, of General Meade's staff, informed General Hancock that the Fifth Corps was then attacking the enemy, and that the First and Third Division of the Sixth Corps would also attack at once. During the action this evening the section of artillery on the plank road (of Rickett's battery) having suffered terribly, was replaced by a section of Dow's (Sixth Maine) battery. At-p. m. a portion of General Barlow's division (Irish Brigade) and a part of Brooke's brigade attacked enemy's right and drove it some distance. 10 p. m., General Hancock received the following order from General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 5, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

You are required to renew the attack at 4.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, keeping a sharp lookout on your left. Your right will be relieved by an attack made at the same time by General Wadsworth's division and by two division of General Burnside's corps.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

General Getty is under your command.

May 6, 1864.-5 a. m, the divisions of Birney, Getty, and Mott, supported by Carroll's and Owen's brigades, of Gibbons' division, assaulted the enemy on the right and left of the Orange plank road, driving him steadily for about 1 1/2 miles. 6.30 a. m., Webb's brigade, of Gibbon's division, sent to the right to support of General Birney; fighting very heavy at this hour. 7 a. m., General Hancock received the following dispatch from General Humphreys:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Old Wilderness Tavern, May 6, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch is received informing the major-general commanding of the presence of Longstreet's force. I am directed to say that the only reserve force of the army (one division of the Ninth Corps) is here, and will be ordered to your support should it become absolutely necessary. Call for it, therefore, only in case of the last necessity.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

7.05 a. m., delivered order to General Gibon (then commanding First and Second Division) from General Hancock to attack with Barlow's division on enemy's right, and to fight up toward Orange plank road. 8 a. m, head of Stevenson's division, Ninth Corps, reached Orange plank road, to report to General Hancock. 8 a. m., General Hancock received the following from General Humphreys:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC-6.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding sends you 100 cavalry, under Captain Wright, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be sued in scouting down the Brock road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

