
Also the following from General Meade at 8 a. m.:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

GENERAL: General Wadsworth with 5,000 men on Birney's right is directed to take your orders. Two of Burnside's divisions have advanced nearly to Parker's Store, and are ordered to attack to their left, which will be your front. They ought to be engaged now and will relieve you. Our only reserve is Burnside's third division yet here. We don't wish to send it if possible.

GEO. G. MEADE.

8.50 a. m., Birney, Wadsworks, Stevenson, and Webb again advanced along the plank road. Fighting very severe and bloody. 9 a. m., General Hancock received following dispatch from General Humphreys:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Sheridan has been directed to make and attack with a division of cavalry on Longstreet's flank and rear by the Brock road. General Sheridan received the order at Chancellorsville at 8 o'clock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

9.10 a. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan reported to General Hancock that the enemy were advancing on the brockroad. 9.15 a. m., delivered order from General Hancock to General Birney to send one brigade to General Gibbon, to oppose passage of enemy on Brock road. 9.25 a. m., carried order to Colonel Carroll to send one regiment of his brigade down Brock road at once to report to General Gibbon. 9.35, General Eustis' brigade (Sixth Corps) reported by order of General Birney to go to Gibbon's support. 9.40 a. m., Second Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps, Colonel Leasure commanding, crossed plank road to the support of Gibbon and Barlow. Eustis' brigade, Sixth Corps, sent back to General Birney. Following dispatch received by General Hancock at 9.45 a.m.:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I send you a dispatch just received from Major Platt. The major-general commanding directs that you make immediate dispositions to check this movement of the enemy across and through General Warren's left.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

We have no more troops to spare here.

The dispatch alluded to, from Major Platt, was as follows:

MAY 6, 1864-9.05 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

General Cutler's brigade has fallen back out of the woods pretty well disorganized. He reports heavy losses, and the enemy's skirmishers within three-eights of a mile of the crest to the right and front of General Warren's headquarters. General Warren is not here; word has been sent him.

Very respectfully,

E. R. PLATT.

9.50 a. m., delivered an order from General Hancock to General Birney to send troops to his right to correct this matter, and to fill up the gap made by Cutler's falling back. General Birney at once

