
sent two brigades for that purpose, and said that he would send more, if required. 9.50 a. m., General Grant with General Hancock at intersection of Orange and Brock roads. 10.10 a. m, the following dispatch received by General Hancock from General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1864-9.50 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch of 9.25 is received. The recalling of the dispatch to you was not intended to stop your simultaneous attack with Burnside, but to prevent your delaying your attack for Burnside. Your dispatch saying you were about attacking was received just after that about attacking simultaneously with Burnside was sent to you.

A. A. H[UMPHREYS],

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

At 10.10 a. m., General Gibbon sent word to General Hancock by Captain----that there was no enemy on Brock road, and also that Colonel Miles' skirmishers were engaged on our left with enemy's dismounted cavalry, while farther out our cavalry was engaged, it was supposed, with Longstreet's corps, either at Todd's Tavern or on the Catharpin road. 10.25 a. m., General Birney reported by a staff officer that he had connected with Warren's left, thus filling gap made by Cutler's falling back. 10.35 a. m., staff officer of cavalry was crossing Brock road and passing down Spotsylvania road near Todd's Tavern. About this time enemy made a fierce attack on our left, turning the flank of Colonel Frank's (Third) brigade, First Division, and getting in on the left of General Mott's (Fourth) division, our troops retiring under this assault to the breast-works on the Brock road and awaited the enemy. A good deal of confusion in Third and Fourth Division. 11.50 a.m. carried order from General Hancock to General Gibbon, commanding the two left divisions, Second Corps, to attack enemy's flank with Leasure's brigade, of Burnside's corps (then under his command), and in position in our breast-works on right of Irish Brigade, keeping Leasure's right within 100 paces of our breast-works with its left refused and to sweep up toward Orange plank road in line of battle. This movement began at once, and Leasure's brigade marched in line of battle across plank road without serious opposition form enemy. 12.30 p. m., heavy firing some distance to right of Orange plank road, said to be General Burnside attacking. 2 p. m., following dispatch received by General Hancock, having been referred to him for his information:

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Burnside put in one brigade behind another, holding the their in reserve. The leading brigade has been rather smartly engaged for fifteen minutes, and the firing has now stopped. He must be near Hancock, as General Stevenson, who got cut off from Hancock with 100 men, came in to Burnside's column.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

2.10 p. m., brigade of Robinson's division (Ninth [Fifth] Corps) reported to General Hancock, who directed it to be placed in position in our line. 2.15 p. m., Colonel Morrison [?], with force of heavy artillery, reported to General Hancock, who directed him to take position on left of Orange plank road, about 200 paces in rear of our line of battle. There was but little firing on the front of the Second

23 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

