
well out all along our front. Artillery placed to sweep Brock, Catharpin, and Spotsylvania roads. 5.30 p. m., enemy's infantry attacked Colonel Miles. Sharp musketry ensued, Colonel Miles slowly retiring, punishing enemy severely. Troops on our main line held in readiness to support Colonel Miles and to received the enemy; abatis filled and reconnaissance pushed out Brock road. Detachment stationed to guard junction of road from Furnaces with Brock road. Artillery firing ceased at 7.30 p. m. 7.50 p. m., Burton's brigade of heavy artillery reported to General Hancock. Massed in reserve in field in rear of Todd's Tavern. Recalled by General Meade at 8.10 p. m.

May 9, 1864-5.05 a. m., Colonel Brooke sent word to corps headquarters that there was no enemy in his front. Same intelligence from General Mott on Brock road. 5.15 a. m., deserter from Anderson's division, Hill's corps, came in; says that Hill's corps was in our front last night. 6.35 a. m., enemy reported advancing on our left on Birney's front. Burton's brigade heavy artillery again ordered up in support. 8.30 a. m., negro reported to Colonel Carroll that the enemy were marching on Catharpin road toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and were still moving there in that direction. About this hour Gibbon's division moved to the right from Fifth Corps and joined Third Division near Spotsylvania Court-House road, forming line of battle. 12 m., Barlow's division moved out on Spotsylvania Court-House road, turning off to right toward Po River on wood road leading toward Hart's house, about 1 mile from Todd's Tavern, forming line of battle on right of Gibbon, who had moved to the left previously. Birney followed Barlow and formed on his right. Mott's division ordered to join Sixth Corps temporarily as a support. 12.10 p. m., intelligence received that General Sedgwick had been killed by a skirmisher while encouraging some men who were dodging the bullets. 2 p. m., our artillery opened on enemy's train which was passing toward Spotsylvania Court-House on south side of Po River. 4.30 p. m., General Barlow ordered to attempt the crossing of the Po at a ford above Block house bridge. After a sharp fight Brooke's brigade, Barlow's division, forced a passage. Gibbon moved forward in support of Barlow on his left. 5.50 p. m., General Hancock directed General Barlow to cross at ford with his whole division. Birney also ordered across.

May 10, 1864.-Bridges thrown over the stream; one pontoon thrown opposite house; one bridge thrown where Barlow crossed the previous evening; one immediately below pontoon bridge. General Barlow informed General Hancock that Colonel McKeen reported the enemy in strong force in his front, at the wooden bridge over the Po, and that they (this evening) were throwing up rifle-pits to protect the approaches to the bridge. 8.30 a. m., General Gibbon opened on enemy's position with a portion of his artillery. The following copy of dispatch to General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, received by General Hancock:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 10, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Hancock has been ordered to throw two divisions of his corps on your right, with which and your corps an attack on the enemy on your front will be made at 5 p. m. this day. You will accordingly make all dispositions. Major-General Hancock will by virtue of seniority have command of the combined operations.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

