
Another dispatch, same date, from General Meade, partly illegible, referring to same operation.

Gibbon's and Birney's divisions sent to support of Fifth Corps in contemplated assault, in accordance with above orders. General Hancock in command of the troops engaged in assault, which did not succeed on account of the strength of the enemy's position and the unfavorable nature of the ground intervening between our position and the enemy's works-a steep ascent, thickly wooded with cedars, which made it impossible for the lines to advance in order; the enemy pouring in a terrible fire of musketry as we pushed up to their lines, also sweeping the slope with artillery. Barlow's division remained in position along the Po River until 1.45 p. m., when by direction of General Meade he was recalled across the branch of the Po, tearing the bridges up as he retired. This movement commenced about 2 p. m., General Barlow's skirmishers being then sharply engaged with the enemy. 2.30 p. m., Heth's division of the enemy was attacking Barlow strongly, Barlow slowly retiring, in obedience to orders, across the plain toward the bridges across the branch of the Po. 3 p. m., delivered order to General Birney to move his division immediately to the support of Barlow, and cover the crossing of the bridges. In the mean time General Barlow slowly retired across the stream, tearing up the bridges after him under a hot fire, losing one gun of Arnold's (Rhode Island) battery, on account of the horses becoming unmanageable and pulling it in between two trees, where it could not be extricated. This was the first gun ever lost by the Second Army Corps, and was deeply lamented by us all. Artillery fire very severe from the enemy's position and from ours in reply. Our guns blew up some of the enemy's caissons and from ours in reply. Our guns blew up some of the enemy's caissons in our sight. 3.45 p. m., carried a message from General Hancock to General Meade that General Hancock would return Birney's division to its former position (in support of Fifth Corps at Alsop's house) just as soon as General Barlow was across the stream. General Meade said that he desired General Hancock to return Birney to his former position just as soon as possible, or to attack enemy with Barlow's and Birney's divisions (wrote a note to this effect to General Hancock). General Birney was then ordered back to the position he had previously occupied in support of the Fifth Corps in front of Alsop's house. 5 p. m., Fifth Corps, Gibbon's and Birney's divisions, of the Second Corps, assaulted the enemy's lines at 5 p. m., but were beaten back. Another assault ordered at 6.30 p. m. by Fifth Corps, Sixth Corps, and Gibbon's and Birney's divisions, of the Second Corps, but at 6.25 p. m. General Meade directed General Hancock to defer this assault as far as possible, and to send his troops to the right. This in consequence of a report (false) that the enemy had crossed Po River, and was moving around our right flank in strong force. this order almost immediately countermanded, and the original assault ordered at 6.40 p. m., which was made, but without success, for reasons previously given. Heavy musketry firing ceased about 8 p. m. Major T. H. Hulings, Forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, killed while leading his regiment (Sixth Corps) in the assault of this evening.

May 11, 1864.-Sharp picket-firing commenced at daybreak; also severe artillery fire on Warren's, Gibbon's, and Birney's lines, but the day passed without assault or severe fighting. During the afternoon Colonel Morgan, Colonel Comstock, of General Grant's staff, Captain Nelson, aide-de-camp, and myself were directed to

