
proceed to the left and examine the ground in front of Spotsylvania as close to the enemy's lines as practicable between the Sixth and Ninth Corps of our army, where it was intended to make an assault with the Second Corps to-morrow morning at daybreak. Accordingly we started in a heavy rain, and rode rapidly for several hours to the left, Colonel Comstock, unfortunately, missing the way, which carried us to the position of the Ninth Corps instead of to the point we were aiming at between the Sixth and Ninth Corps, and it was nearly dark when we returned to the proper point for examination, where we made as careful a survey as possible before night set in, close to the enemy's pickets and fixed the position of the ground for the formation of the troops in our minds; then returned and reported to General Hancock the result of our examination as to roads, &amp;c. 10 p. m., corps moved (save Mott's division, which was with Sixth Corps) toward Brown's house, near Ny River, where we had examined the ground in the evening. Night exceedingly dark and roads very rough; men tired and worn out, but kept well closed up and moved along briskly; no accidents save one, when some pack mules laden with entrenching tools ran away and made some confusion under the supposition that we had marched into the enemy. When the troops arrived at the Brown house they were quietly marched in front of our intrenchments near to the enemy's picket-line so as to be ready for the intended assault in the morning. This was accomplished without noise or confusion, and was most happily favored by an exceedingly dark night. The men, too, knowing that we were near the enemy, and that we were engaged in a perilous undertaking, kept remarkably quiet during the whole movement.

May 12, 1864.-Before daylight the troops were formed for assault as follows: Birney's division on the right in two lines of battle, but a few paces separated; Barlow's division in column of regiments, doubled on the center; Gibbon's and Mott's divisions (the latter having joined us), in the rear of Barlow and Birney, in two lines of battle, each division with but very short intervals, this making almost a solid rectangular mass of nearly 20,000 men to hurl upon the enemy's works as soon as it should be sufficiently light for our purpose. A dense fog fell before daylight, and we all stood shivering with cold and wet until 4.30 a. m., when the fog lifted somewhat and the command was given to advance. The whole corps stepped off at the same moment, and in about 300 yards marched over the enemy's pickets, who were so astounded at our appearance, marching on them out of the fog, that they never fired a shot, nor did we, but moved right over them. The first fire we received was from the picket reserve stationed at the Landrum house, about half way between the point at which we formed for the assault and the enemy's works. Their fire killed Colonel Stricker, Second Delaware Volunteers, and a few men. A regiment was sent to disperse them, and our column kept on to capture the works, which we found to be about one-half mile from our point of formation. The ground was open and rolling from the Landrum house to the works, and the troops dashed over it in fine style, not meeting a heavy fire until when within about 300 yards; the Irish Brigade then gave a wild cheer and immediately the enemy opened a tremendous fie of musketry on us over the parapets with some artillery, but nothing could now stop our men, who rushed up to the works, and, tearing the abatis way with their hands, poured in like a great wave, driving

