
the enemy out pell-mell with clubbed muskets and bayonets, capturing twenty pieces of artillery and nearly 4,000 prisoners, nearly the whole of the celebrated Stonewall Brigade; also capturing Major General Edward Johnson, commanding a division, and Brigadier General George H. Steuart, commanding brigade. General Steuart surrendered, I believe, to Colonel Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The prisoners got mixed up among our own men in the works, and were dodging in all directions from the bullets of their friends, who were firing upon us as they fell back. In the midst of this confusion and crowd a soldier attracted my attention by shouting out to me, "Major Mitchell, here is a rebel general." I at once rode up to General Steuart, who gave me his name and rank, and I directed a captain of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers to conduct him to General Hancock. When Steuart was taken to the general, the latter, who knew him before the war, held out his hand, saying, "How are you, Steuart?" The latter replied, "Under the circumstances, I decline to take your hand." "And under any other circumstances I should not have offered it," said General Hancock. When we had carried the first line of works we continued to drive the enemy until about 5.30 a. m., when we came to a second line of intrenchments, when the enemy rallied their broken lines, and, being heavily re-enforced, they compelled our troops to retire to the first line we had carried, and thereby lost to us about twenty additional pieces of artillery we had captured between their first and second line. We, however, got twenty pieces off the field and held them. 5.55 a. m., General Hancock sent a telegram to General Meade, saying that the Sixth Corps ought to attack at once on our right. Musketry fire very hot at this time. 6 a. m., head of General Wright's column, Sixth Corps, marched on the field. Was directed by General Hancock to conduct General Wright to the captured works and show him the position of our troops. Conduct General Wright to a point near the Salient we had captured, where the fighting was now desperate. While at this point, describing the position of affairs to General Wright, a shell exploded among us, and a piece of it hit the general on the thigh, knocking him several feet and injuring him severely, but fortunately not disabling him. The enemy at this moment made a desperate attempt to regain their captured works, and worked their line of battle so close up to it that their flags stood on one side of the entrenchments while ours stood on the other, only separated by the parapet, the two lines firing in each other's faces. At this moment Grant's (Vermont) brigade marched up close to the works and was ordered to support General Gibbon's division, while Barlow was formed in Gibbon's rear as a reserve. The enemy was then making his heaviest pressure on Gibbon. The Sixth Corps, coming up rapidly, occupied a portion of the Salient and to the right of that point. 7 a. m., the firing ceased somewhat, and I carried word to the general that the enemy's attack appeared to have been repulsed for the time. Corps headquarters then removed to Landrum's house, where they remained during the battle. The enemy immediately renewed his efforts to regain his works in great force, pressing most heavily toward the salient angle of the works. The fighting then continued steadily without intermission. Brooke's brigade, Barlow's division, which had reformed after the first assault in rear of the captured works, was now ordered by General Hancock to march to the support of Russell's division, of the Sixth Corps, having received

