
thrown forward under command of General Carroll, until it struck the enemy in rifle-pits which were fully manned. General Carroll most severely wounded in this reconnaissance; was also previously wounded at he Wilderness, but kept the field until to-day. No heavy fighting to-day. Our troops in possession of the works captured yesterday. The dead buried, &amp;c. Artillery firing into the enemy's lines at short intervals all day. Order issued at Second Corps headquarters consolidating Mott's (Fourth) division with Birney's (Third) division, both of old Third Corps, which was consolidated with Second Corps before the campaign commenced.

May 14, 1864.-4.25 a. m., our artillery opened from a position in front of and to the right of the Landrum house. No reply from the enemy. Sixth Corps moved from our right during the night. 7.25 a. m., our skirmishers became engaged with the enemy, General Barlow having been directed to push his skirmish line forward. 8 a. m., sharp skirmishing on Barlow's front, which continued all day, but no serious engagement resulted. Some firing from our batteries in front of Landrum's house. Our skirmishers close up to enemy's rifle-pits. 10.10 p. m., orders received from army headquarters to move at 4 a. m., orders received from army headquarters to move at 4 a. m. to-morrow to a position near the main road leading from Spotsylvania Court-House to Fredericksburg.

May 15, 1864.-Head of column (Barlow's division) moved at 4 a. m. toward main road from Spotsylvania Court-House to Fredericksburg by way of deserted house, Gibbon's division following. Birney's division ordered to take position in support of the Ninth Corps, which has been on our left for several days. Gibbon's and Barlow's divisions mass near Fredericksburg road. In afternoon Gibbon ordered to march back and take position near deserted house, Barlow remaining.

May 16, 1864.-9 a. m., corps in same position as it was last evening. 2.15 p. m., General Gibbon's division directed to march to Cossin's house to bring in wounded and hospitals of Second and Sixth Corps. I was directed to accompany General Gibbon. All the wounded placed in ambulances and brought off. Returned to camp at 10 p. m., having met no enemy.

May 17, 1864.-8 a. m., Tyler's division, about 8,000 strong, mostly heavy artillery, joined the Second Corps, which will re-enforce us sufficiently to make up our losses at the Wilderness, the Po, and Spotsylvania. The division massed near the Fredericksburg road. No movements of the Second Corps until dark, when we marched back to the works we had captured on the 12th instant, at which point it is determined again to assault the enemy to-morrow morning.

May 18, 1864.-4.10 a. m., Barlow's and Gibbon's divisions having been formed in front of the captured works moved forward to assail the enemy in the lines he had occupied after the battle at this point on the 12th. Tyler's division in reserve in rifle-pits running from the Landrum house to the Salient, Birney's divisions now traversed the same ground which we had fought so desperately on six days since, and as but a portion of the dead of that day's contest had been buried, the stench which arose from them was so sickening and terrible that many of the men and officers became deathly sick from it. The appearance of the dead who had been exposed to the sun so long, was horrible in the extreme as we marched past and over them-a sight never to be forgotten by those who witnessed it.

