
the river, the line of battle as follows: Barlow on the right, Gibbon in the center, in rear of Carroll's [Cobbett's] Tavern, covering road to Spotsylvania Court-House, Tyler on the left, covering road to Chesterfield Station on railway, Birney in reserve. A detachment of Torbert's cavalry thrown forward in front of infantry pickets. Intrenched our position strongly, placed the artillery in position, and made all preparations to receive the enemy should he appear. The afternoon and night passed quietly, however.

May 22, 1864.-Quiet all of this day. Troops in same position as yesterday evening. The enemy rumored to be in our front once to-day, but proved to be an incorrect report.

May 23, 1864.-5.30 a. m., troops moved toward Chesterfield Station; cavalry in the advance; Birney's division leading the infantry. Front Chesterfield moved on toward North Anna on Telegraph road. 12.45 p. m., head of Birney's division reached long Creek, crossing Telegraph rod about one-half mile from county bridge over North Anna and about 1 mile above railroad bridge. Torbert's cavalry engaged with enemy's skirmishers when the infantry came up. Corps immediately went into position; Birney on the right, Barlow in the center, Gibbon on the left covering railroad bridge, Tyler in reserve, Birney's skirmishers thrown over Long Creek. Barlow's and Gibbon's skirmishers pushed up close railroad bridge, Tyler in reserve, Birney's skirmishers thrown over Long Creek. Barlow's and Gibbon's skirmishers pushed up close to river bank; artillery opened quite sharply on enemy, who was descried marching into the earth-works, already prepared on the south side of the river, as we reached the north bank. The enemy also held a small redoubt on the north bank forming bridge head of the wooden bridge between Long

Creek and the river. 6.30 p. m., two brigades of Birney's division (Egan's and Pierce's) attacked enemy's redoubt forming bridge head on Telegraph road. After a sharp fight our troops carried the redoubt in the most spirited and gallant manner. Our artillery, posted on the heights parallel to the river, delivered an exceedingly heavy fire during the storming of the redoubt. One section of Arnold's (Rhode Inslad) battery. Lieutenant Hunt commanding, was most gallantly served under a hot musketry fire. Lieutenant Hunt received a mortal wound. Fighting now ceased for the night.

May 24, 1864.-5.15 a. m., General Gibbon reported that the enemy had burned the railroad bridge across the North Anna in his front. 6.30 a. m., negro came in who reported that enemy were marching at 11 o'clock last night in direction of Hanover Junction. This statement forwarded to General Meade. 7 a. m., General Meade at General Hancock's headquarters. 8 a. m., General Birney's division commenced moving to south bank of North Anna, Mott's brigade occupying redoubt at Fox's house without serious opposition. Fox's house is on Telegraph road. General Tyler's division occupied captured redoubt at head of wooden bridge and rifle-pits on right and left. Gibbon's and Barlow's divisions then moved across bridge to south side of river. Two pontoon bridges thrown across river below railroad bridge. 5.45 p. m., one division of General Burnside's corps (Ninth), General Porter commanding, moved across North Anna, taking position on right of General Birney, General Potter's line extending to the river on the right. 6 p. m., General Gibbon's division having been thrown to the left and front on the high ground in front of Doswell's house, became sharply engaged. Report received that enemy captured rifle-pits from Smyth's brigade, of Gibbon's division. General Bar-

