
low moved up promptly to support of General Gibbon, but only became slightly engaged; reported heavy entrenchments in his front; did not think it advisable to attack. 6.30 p. m., carried an order from General Hancock to General Gibbon to give up no ground and to retake rifle-pits if Smyth had lost them as reported. Musketry ceased about dark. Artillery firing ceased about 7 p. m.

May 25, 1864.-8 a. m., position of line as follows: General Potter's division, Ninth Corps on the right, his right on the river (practically so), General Birney on Potter's left, Barlow's division on Birney's left, Gibbon on extreme left. Two regiments of Tyler's division on north side of North Anna, holding redoubt; remainder of Tyler's division in reserve in rear of Fox's house and Birney's line. Troops remained in this position all day.

May 26, 1864.-No important movements on line of Second Corps. Usual picket-firing and shelling; rain. Coehorn battery took position on our line and fired with no apparent effect. Orders to be ready to march at dark. Destroyed railroad track toward Milford Station. Our troops crossed river to north bank during the night, and massed in rear of railroad and county bridges preparatory to marching.

May 27, 1864.-6 a. m., Major-General Meade at Second Corps headquarters at county bridge on North Anna on Telegraph road. General Birney directed to burn wooden bridge over North Anna. This was imperfectly done by Birney's troops. Was sent by General Hancock with orders to General Tyler to have the bridge thoroughly destroyed. This was done. General Tyler holding river bank at county bridge; General Barlow at railroad bridge. Last pontoon taken up about 5 a. m. Pickets withdrawn to north bank. At 10 a. m. column marched in direction of Hanovertown; detained to let Fifth Corps pass; then marched on county road and old stage road. About 10 p. m. corps encamped about 3 miles from Pamunkey River.

FOURTH EPOCH OF CAMPAIGN.

May 28, 1864.-5.30 a. m., marching in the direction of Pamunkey, head of column reached river and commenced crossing on pontoon bridge at 12.30 p. m., preceded by Ricketts' division of the Sixth Corps. Formed line of battle on heights about 1 1/2 miles from river, our right connecting with Sixth Corps near Pollard's house, and keeping general direction of road, with left in rear of Salem Church, extreme left on road rear Davis' house on high ground. Cavalry under General Sheridan heavily engaged near Haw's Shop in our front. General Warren's corps on our left, having crossed Pamunkey at Hanovertown.

May 29, 1864.-Reconnaissance ordered. General Barlow's division moved accordingly toward forks of road about 3 miles from Salem Church, at point where Richmond road and road leading to Cold Harbor diverge from Hanover Court-House road. Found many of the enemy's dead along the road and in the woods to the right, who were killed in the fight yesterday with our cavalry. Some of them evidently just from Richmond by their shining new uniforms and clean shirts, a rarity to our eyes now. The dead officers were particularly noted for their bright uniforms and "city look." Accompanied General Barlow on this reconnaissance by order of General Hancock.

