
Met enemy's cavalry near forks of road (Cold Harbor, Richmond, and Hanover Court-Huse), and commenced a brisk skirmish, but it retired rapidly before the muskets of the old First Division, Second Corps. Found works occupied by enemy immediately in front of cross-road and in front of Shelton's house on Swift Run, where Richmond road crossed it; this run a tributary of the Totopotomoy. Rode out through our skirmish line on Cold Harbor road with General Barlow, and both of us [came] near losing our lives by enemy's skirmishers, who fired at us across a small field. Reported condition of affairs to General Hancock, who ordered Birney's and Gibbon's divisions up to take position on right and left of General Barlow; Birney covering Richmond road, Gibbon taking position on Barlow's left and on left of Cold Harbor road.

May 30, 1864.-Yesterday evening General Hancock ordered the chief of artillery to have epaulements for his guns thrown up during the night on a crest on right and left of Shelton's house, and to be connected by rifle-pits, but by some error the works were placed nearly one-fourth of a mile in rear of the Shelton huse and were useless. A most singular incident occurred here to-day. We had several guns in position behind a rifle-pit which ran through the yard of the Shelton house, occupied by the troops of Brooke's brigade. these guns were firing rapidly at some batteries of the enemy placed on the other side of Swift Run.; In the Shelton huse were several ladies who had refused to leave, notwithstanding the danger; they had taken refuge in the cellar and had with them a negroes, who, when the fire was about the hottest, became delirious from fright, and picking up a fire shovelful of live coals from the hearth, rushed out into the yard and threw the colas into one of the unlimbers, exploding the ammunition it contained, killing 2 men I believe, and burning the eyes out of one or two others. The negroes, who was unhurt, ran into the house again as if the devil was after her and nearly scared to death by what she had done. Colonel Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, witnessed this affair with many other officers. I myself arrived on the ground just as the men whose eyes had been burned out were being taken off the field. It was not supposed that the negroes had any intention of doing such mischief. She was so crazy that none believed she knew what she had done. a Sharp skirmishing along our lines to-day, but no severe fighting. 6 p. m., General wright's corps (Sixth) connected on our right with General Birney. Our batteries in front of Shelton's house silenced the enemy's guns. 7.10 p. m., General Hancock received dispatch from headquarters Army of the Potomac stating that the enemy was assailing General Warren's left and directing General Hancock to make an immediate attack to relieve General Warren. Barlow and Gibbon at once ordered to advance and engage the enemy, which was promptly done; fighting continued in the rifle-pits until 8.30 p. m., when our troops were drawn back to our own lines with some loss. Quiet during the night.

May 31, 1864.-11 a. m., General Birney advanced across Swift Run and carried enemy's front line of rifle-pits after a sharp fight on right of Richmond road. General Barlow also crossed run and carried some of enemy's pits. 11.50 a. m., General Hancock received

aNOTE.-I saw the tail end of this, but understood it was accidental: that the cartridges were on the ground and she threw the coals on them, and they in turn exploded the limber.-C. H. M[organ].

