
dispatch from army headquarters stating that the Sixth Corps would support him, if necessary. General Gibbon advanced his line across run, and Barlow's skirmishers pushed clear up to enemy's main line of works; very sharp skirmishing, with heavy artillery firing, ensued, but no general action resulted.

June 1, 1864.-7 a. m., no fighting this morning. Sixth Corps now marching from our right on Hanover Court-House road in direction of Cold Harbor. General Birney's line withdrawn to north side of Swift Run, covering Hanover Court-House and Atlee's Station rods, his pickets remaining on south side of Swift Run; Gibbon and Barlow remaining unchanged. 11.30 a. m., carried circular to General Barlow requesting him to state his views as to probabilities of success should he be ordered to attack the enemy's lines on his front. 2.45 p. m., General Birney sent word to General Hancock that the enemy was attacking his skirmishers in the rifle-pits carried by us yesterday. Firing quite sharp and continuous. Our batteries at the Shelton house opened upon them. 4.50 p. m., General Gibbon's skirmishers in the rifle-pits carried by us yesterday. Firing quite sharp and continuous. Our batteries at the Shelton house opened upon them. 4.50 p. m., General Gibbon's skirmishers moved forward under a sharp fire, our artillery opening at the same time. The skirmishers moved up close enough to develop the enemy's line in his works, and were then withdrawn. 6.30 p. m., carried not to General Barlow requesting him to furnish a report of operations of Colonel Brooke's brigade in connection with General Gibbon's assault of to-day. At dusk corps marched in direction of Cold Harbor; marched all night; men very much worn down. Head of column reached Cold Harbor at 6 a. m., June 2, taking position on left of Sixth Corps.

June 2, 1864.-7.30 a. m., corps taking position on left of Sixth Corps. Enemy engaged in front and on our right with pickets of Sixth and Eighteenth Corps. 12 m., and affair between enemy's skirmishers and Gibbon's. Morgan and self (Brooke was with us, I think) rode in front of our line to fix the ground for our skirmish line, and rode right on the enemy's picket-line in thick pine wood; received a sharp volley from their pickets, upon which we rode back to our own line. 3 p. m., sharp skirmishing on Barlow's and Gibbon's front. Gibbon's division in position on right of Mechanicsville road. Barlow on left of same. Birney massed on Barlow's left and rear. Skirmishing continued until dark; heavy firing on our right, apparently on Smith's or Warren's front.

June 3, 1864.-In accordance with orders received from headquarters of the army last night the Second Corps assaulted the enemy's position at 4.45 this a. m.; the enemy in entrenchments. Barlow and Gibbon attacked in two lines, Birney in support. After a desperate and bloody fight Barlow and Gibbon both penetrated the enemy's works; Brooke's brigade, of Barlow's division, capturing 4 guns and 1 color. The enemy, however, rapidly threw fresh troops (Bushrod Johnson's division) upon our forces and compelled them to return with terrible slaughter. The musketry was infernally hot. Brooke was severely wounded just as he entered their works, which was a severe loss to us just at that critical moment. We might have held on in Barlow's front had Birney's division moved promptly to its support, which was not done-great delay occurring on Birney's part or that of his subordinates. When our troops were driven out of the enemy's works they did not retreat in any disorder, but gallantly held on and intrenched themselves by throwing up the sand with their bayonets, hands, &amp;c., under a scathing fire of musketry.

