
By 6 a. m., the battle on our front was over and the brave old Second Corps had lost over 3,000 of its bravest and best, both of officers and men. Among our dead were McKeen, colonel Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers; McMahon, colonel [One hundred and sixty-fourth] New York Volunteers; Morris, colonel Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, and Byrnes, colonel Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, all of them most tried and gallant soldiers, unequaled for courage and all high soldierly qualities. Later in the day the corps lost Colonel Morris, of Seventh Regiment New York Heavy Artillery, and Colonel Porter, of the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery. The loss of those bright spirits and many others caused a gloom to fall over us all; the old corps had received a blow from which it can scarcely recover. It is understood that our whole line has been repulsed from the right to the left of our army wherever we attacked; if so, the loss must be grievous indeed. 6.30 a. m., wrote by direction of General Hancock to General Williams, adjutant-general of the Army of the Potomac, that Colonel Smyth, of Gibbon's division, was about to make a second attempt to carry enemy's lines, supported by General Barlow. The enemy shelled us with the utmost fury after our assault had failed. Parker had his horse shot under him. 10.40 a. m., orders received from General Meade to send one division of the Second Corps to report to General Warren at Woody's huse on right of Eighteenth Corps. General Birney at once directed move his division to the required point. Ricketts' (Pennsylvania) battery sent to report to Eighteenth Corps in accordance with directions from army headquarters. Our rifle-pits are not more than 75 to 100 paces from the enemy's line and an unceasing fire is maintained. 7.30 p. m., the enemy attempted to carry our rifle-pits by assailing Gibbon's and Barlow's lines, but were repulsed after a sharp contest with severe loss. Altogether this has been one of the most disastrous days the Army of the Potomac has ever seen, and the old Second Corps has especially suffered.

June 4, 1864.-Our lines in the same position this morning. 10 a. m., Gibbon and Barlow opened a heavy artillery fire upon the enemy, their artillery replying. 1.30 p. m., gave them another turn with thirty guns and kept it up until 2.30; fire then slackened until 8 p. m., when enemy assailed Barlow's and Gibbon's lines and were sharply repulsed. Heavy rain came up during the fight and it became so dark that I could scarcely find my way in carrying orders. 10.20 p. m, dispatch received from army headquarters authorizing corps commanders to open all of their artillery at 12 or 1 o'clock to-night in retaliation for the enemy's attack at 8 this p. m. Circular accordingly sent to division commanders to be prepared to open their artillery at 12 or 1 o'clock, or sooner, if provoked by the enemy.

June 5, 1864.-Yesterday we commenced pushing up close to the enemy's line by sapping, covered ways, &amp;c.; hot work under the enemy's continuous fire of artillery and musketry. 5 p. m., by direction of General Hancock, I accompanied a flag of truce with Colonel Lyman of General Meade's staff. The point selected to put out the flag was on the Mechanicsville road where our pickets are very close to the enemy's. Found considerable difficulty in getting the flag out as the pickets were firing at each other and were close together (about 200 paces), sheltered behind tree, but after considerable delay succeeded in getting the flag out by calling to the enemy. Major

