
Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General Francis C. Barlow, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 3.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 3, 1864-7.30 p. m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I attacked the enemy's works at 4.30 a. m. to-day. A part of the line entered the works and took 200 prisoners and 1 stand of colors, but were driven out. They were exposed to a severe fire of artillery on their left flank, while our line afforded no positions for artillery. We fell back only a short distance from the enemy's works. Our right rests within 50 yards of the enemy's line. To-night our whole line will be intrenched, and we shall build works which will enable us to bring twelve pieces of artillery to bear upon the enemy's works at very short range. I think we shall oblige them to abandon the part nearest to our line. The enemy's works make an angle at this point. One face was parallel with the road leading due south from the Cold Harbor Cross-Roads (the tavern). The other face seems to run nearly perpendicular to this road. In the angle is a house, and it is to this angle that our works are so close. Our line of battle left connect with cavalry near the pond; 8.30 p. m., the enemy have just made a sortie at the angle and advanced over their works, but wee repulsed.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the First Division, Second Army Corps, May 3-June 12.*

May 3.-Struck camp at Stevensburg at night.

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford in the morning, marching to Chancellorsville.

May 5.-Marched to Todd's Tavern; thence by Brock road to plank road to Orange Court-House, where we engaged the enemy.

May 8.-Marched to Todd's Tavern; here the First Brigade fought on the Catharpin road, at Corbin's Bridge.

May 9.-Crossed the Po River and fought the enemy.

May 12.-Assaulted the enemy's works at Spotsylvania Court-Huse, capturing colors, guns, and prisoners.

May 18.-Attacked the enemy's left.

May 20.-Crossed the Mattapony River at Milford.

May 23.-Marched to North Anna River; destroyed the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad at Chesterfield.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey River at Hanovertown.

May 30.-Marched to Shelton's house, near Totopotomoy Creek.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

24 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

