
Assignments to division the past month: Second Heavy Artillery, New York Volunteers; Seventh Heavy Artillery, New York Volunteers.

June 2.-Marched from Totopotomoy Creek to Cold Harbor.

June 3.-Assaulted the works of the enemy at Cold Harbor, but were unable to hold them after carrying them.

June 4 to 12.-Remained in trenches at Cold Harbor.

June 12.-At 8.30 p. m. moved out of the trenches and toward the Chickahominy at Long Bridge.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from May 3 to July 30, 1864:

Broke camp near Stevensburg, Va., at 11 p. m. May 3 and marched to Ely's Ford, at which point crossed the Rapidan at 8 a. m. May 4, continued the march to Chancellorsville and bivouacked on the old battle-field at 5 p. m. At 7 a. m. the following day marched through the Wilderness toward Orange Court-House, and went into position on the left of the Irish Brigade; participated in the battle of that day.

May 6, the command was moved ot the extreme left, taking up position there and fortifying. Threw out skirmishers on front and flank, covering the Brock road and connecting with the cavalry. Bivouacked behind breast-works. On the 7th, eight companies of the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers were deployed, forming a strong skirmish line, which charged the enemy, driving him from his position on the Brock road, and capturing a few prisoners. May 8, marched to Todd's Tavern, went into position on the right of Third Brigade, and threw up breast-works. About noon, advanced in line to the Catharpin road; no enemy encountered. About 3 o'clock the enemy appeared upon my right, when I withdrew to a point on road about 1 1/2 miles west of Todd's Tavern. While in this position the brigade was attacked by a brigade of the enemy, who advanced on my front and right flank. Two spirited attacks were repulsed, and the ground held until dark, when by order of General Barlow I retired to the position at Tood's Tavern. The next day (9th) marched south and crossed the Po River and advanced along its south bank some 2 miles and bivouacked. May 10, at 2 p. m., retired to the river and took up position to cover the crossing of the rest of the division, who were engaged with the enemy. The Second, Third, and Fourth Brigades were withdrawn to the north bank, when the enemy made an assault on our lines, which was easily repulsed, and we also retired across the river without further molestation. We immediately went into position on the extreme right and threw up breast-works, behind which the brigade lay all night.

At about noon of the 11th the brigade was ordered to reconnoiter the position of the enemy's right [left?] across the Po and in the vicinity of Todd's Tavern. Two regiments, the Twenty-sixth Michigan and One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,

