
were thrown across the Po, and drove the enemy's line of skirmishers about a mile, when they were found in force. Returned to the right at evening. At 8 p. m., we marched with the division tot he extreme left, and on the morning of the 12th at daybreak we massed and charged on the enemy's works, the last regiment of my command forming double column for that purpose without halting. The works were carried with the bayonet in the most gallant manner, and several pieces of artillery and large numbers of prisoners captured. The enemy made repeated attempts during the day to retake the position, but were repulsed with heavy loss each time. In the afternoon of the next day two guns, with caissons and limbers, were taken from the neutral ground between the picket-lines by volunteers from the regiments of the brigade, who drew them off by hand under cover of a heavy fire from eight pieces of artillery placed in position to silence the enemy's line.

On the morning of the 15th we were withdrawn from the line, and with the division were placed in reserve in rear of the Ninth Corps. Here we remained until the night of the 17th, when we returned to the position left on the 15th. May 18, at 11 p. m., we were relieved, and marched to the extreme left of the line, where we encamped in reserve. May 20, at 11 p. m., marched via Guiney's Station and Bowling Green, through Milford, crossed the Mattapony River, and went into position about 4 p. m. 21st. Remained here until may 23 at 8 a. m., at which time we again marched in a southerly direction, and reached the North Anna River at 2 p. m., Lay under arms on the north bank of the river until noon of the 24th, when we crossed at Jericho Bridge. Found the enemy in force. The Twenty-sixth Michigan and One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers were subsequently relieved by the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers were subsequently relived by the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and at 5 p. m. the entire brigade was relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps, and withdrew to a position on the railroad near the river. May 26, at 9 p. m., recrossed the North Anna on pontoons, and bivouacked until daylight on the 27th, at which time we marched for the Pamunkey, which we crossed on pontoons, near Hanovertown, at 1 p. m. of the 28th. Went into position and commenced building breast-works. At dark, under orders from General Barlow, we marched to Haw's Shop, to a position in support of cavalry pickets; were withdrawn toward morning, and returned to our former position. The next day (29th) we marched via Richmond road, encountered the enemy's pickets at the junction of the Cold Harbor and Hanover Court-House roads, and pushed them steadily back across Totopotomoy Creek. Here the Second New York Volunteer Artillery, Colonel Whistler, was assigned to my brigade.

On the morning of the 30the the Sixth-first New York and a battalion of the Second New York Artillery advanced to a crest overlooking the enemy's position and threw up breast-works under a severe fire from the enemy of musketry and some artillery. The entire brigade was afterward advanced and continued the line to the left.

On the 1st of June the skirmish line was advanced, and-a portion of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right carried the enemy's line on the left of the Third Division, taking some prisoners. At 10 p. m. I was ordered to march with the division.

