
At this time I was re-enforced by the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel C. E. Hapgood, said regiment having been assigned to duty in my brigade. We marched all night and until noon June 2, when we formed line on the left of the division near Bethesda Church. Skirmishers were advanced, who encountered those of the enemy near the Dispatch road, and drove them in some distance, but the enemy's line being strengthened, they, in turn, charged and regained their original position. The brigade built works and bivouacked. At daylight June 3, we formed line on the Dispatch road, still forming the left of the division and army. With the Fourth Brigade charged the enemy's works, and carried them, capturing some 30 prisoners and driving the enemy, but were unable to hold the position on account of the fire upon both flanks. We, however, gained an advanced position which we held and fortified. We remained in this position until 8 p. m. June 12, when we withdrew and marched southward.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 18. Report of Major Nathan Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,October 21, 1864.

I.

May 3, 1864, the regiment was encamped near Stevensburg, Va., where it had been in winter quarters since December 8, 1863, and commanded by Major Lemuel Saviers, constituting a part of the First Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps; about 4 p. m. received orders to be in readiness to march at 11 p. m., and moved out at the appointed time with 20 officers and 432 men. Crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford on the following morning at 7 o'clock, and was deployed as flankers to cover the left of the division on the march to Chancellorsville, where the division halted and the regiment assembled and camped for the night. Next morning at 6 o'clock moved out toward Orange Court-House, encountering the enemy about 4 p. m. Two companies were deployed as skirmishers on the left of the line during the fight of that day. The remainder of the regiment was lying in support in the woods to the right of the road. Lost here but 1 man, wounded. At 11 p. m. was moved out of the woods with the brigade to the left, where a line was formed and breast-works thrown up. Six companies were thrown out as skirmishers to cover a road on which Stuart's cavalry, having been driven back by our cavalry, was posted, and remained on picket during the night. On the 7th, charged the enemy's dismounted cavalry with eight companies deployed as skirmishers, driving them about 2 miles, capturing several prisoners and an important dispatch from General Lee. Lost 6 wounded.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL Part I.

---------------

