
At the same moment a fresh line of support came up to them form the other side, and, giving a cheer, rushed for the works, when most of them turned and jumped into the entrenchments again. About 20 who were in the works immediately in front of us were taken. We fought this new line for half an hour longer, when the regiment was relieved and again taken to the left, when it rejoined the brigade and remained during the night. In this memorable charge the regiment lost 27 men killed, 5 commissioned officers and 93 men wounded, and 14 missing, the most of whom are now known to have been killed; nearly one-half of the casualties of this day were either killed or have since died. Major Saviers, commanding the regiment, was struck four times. Seven out of the 9 color guards were either killed or wounded. The regiment was complimented by Generals Barlow and Miles for the manner in which it performed its work on that day, and has the credit of first planting its colors on the enemy's works. Captain A. G. Daily, senior officer present, assumed command.

The 13th moved out and occupied the works to the left of the Angle, which we faced abut and strengthened. During the day a small party of volunteers from this and other regiments, under directions of General Miles, rushed in between the lines, and drew off two guns and caissons, where they had remained since the 12th, protected by the enemy's fire. The regiment remained here until the morning of the 15th, losing 3 men wounded, when it moved to the rear of the Ninth Corps, and lay in reserve until the night of the 17th. Captain James A. Lothian returned from recruiting service and assumed command. The 18th, at daylight returned and reoccupied works we had abandoned on the 15th; under fire most of the day, losing 1 man, wounded. Relieved at night and again placed in reserve in rear of the Ninth Corps, remaining there until the 20th. Total casualties 30 men killed, 6 commissioned officers and 114 men wounded, and 15 men missing.

III.

Marched at 11 p. m., and at 2 p. m. the 21st reached Milford Station and commenced fortifying; 22nd, engaged in throwing up earth-works; 23d, marched at 8 a. m. for North Anna River, arriving there at 2 p. m. Regiment held in reserve during the fight of that day. The 24th, at 12 m., crossed the river at Jericho Bridge under a vigorous shelling and had a spirited skirmish with the enemy, driving them into their works. Skirmish line relieved at 4 p. m., and regiment placed in reserve. Lost in this action 1 commissioned officer and 4 men killed, and 1 commissioned officer and 8 men wounded. Remained in reserve until the 26th.

IV.

At 9 p. m. recrossed the North Anna and marched toward the Pamunkey, crossing that river on pontoons at 1 p. m. the 28th. We then advanced to the vicinity of Haw's Shop, formed line and built temporary works. The 29th, at 12 m., moved down the Richmond road, skirmishing in advance of the division, and drove in the enemy's pickets and developed his position on the opposite side of the Totopotomoy Creek, at Shelton's farm. At night relieved from the skirmish line, and placed in reserve. The 30th,

