
moved out and occupied works on the front line. 31st, position unchanged; three companies were sent around to the left, crossed the creek, and skirmished with the enemy, losing 1 killed and 3 wounded.

June 1, on skirmish line during the day. Withdrew toward night, and at dark marched for Cold Harbor, arriving there about 10 a. m. on the 2nd. Late in the afternoon was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced upon the enemy near Gaines' Hill, driving them into their entrenchments. About 5 p. m. received orders to charge their entrenchments, which we did in connection with the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with unsupported skirmish line, across an open field, but were obliged to fall back, as they were occupied by a line of battle, and opened on us with grape and canister from four guns. Lost in this assault 15 wounded, and 5 missing. 3rd, on skirmish line covering left flank of the corps. 4th, went into entrenchments within 200 yards of the enemy's works, where we remained under fire until the 12th. Casualties 3 killed, 7 wounded, and 1 missing. Regiment on picket the night of the 12th, when the position was abandoned by our troops.*

Respectfully submitted.

N. CHURCH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 19. Report of Major James E. Larkin, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of operations May 31-June 12.
HDQRS. FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers in the operations carried on during the fourth epoch, as indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 209, current series, from headquarters Army of the Potomac:

In pursuance of orders from the War Department, the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry reported for duty to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac on the 31st day of May, 1864, and was assigned to the Second Army Corps.

Early on the morning of the 1st day of June the line of march was taken up, and in the afternoon of the same day the regiment, commanded by Colonel Charles E. Hapgood, and numbering 27 commissioned officers and about 550 enlisted men, reported for duty to Major-General Hancock, commanding the Second Corps, then lying near Gaines' farm, Va. By order of General hancock the fifth New Hampshire was assigned to the First Brigade of that division. About 10 o'clock of the evening of the 1st, this regiment moved with the rest of the corps toward Cold Harbor, arriving in the vicinity of that place in the forenoon of the 2nd of June. In the afternoon line of battle was formed and moved a short distance to the front, awaiting further orders. Toward night breast-works were commenced, and were strengthened as much as possible during the night.

---------------

*For continuation of report see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

