
On the morning of the 3rd of June the regiment moved out from the breast-works and formed in line immediately in rear of the picket-line, having on its right the Second New York Heavy Artillery and the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania on the left. At the command to advance the Fifth New Hampshire moved toward the enemy's breast-works on the double-quick without firing a shot. The rebels were driven from their entrenchments in front of the regiment, leaving the guns and several prisoners in our possession. After pursuing the retreating foe a short distance, the enemy's supports were encountered, and opened a galling cross-fire. Unavoidably in some disorder, from charging over so great a distance, fired upon from the front and both flanks, and failing of any support, the regiment withdrew to the position from which it had started, with an aggregate loss in killed, wounded, and missing of 202 officers and men. From the 3rd to the 12th of June the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers remained in the breast-works at Cold Harbor, suffering numerous losses from the enemy's fire.

A list* of the killed, wounded, and missing in these operations before Cold Harbor is respectfully forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAS. E. LARKIN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 20. Report of Major George Hogg, Second New York Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,October 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second New York Artillery from May 4 to July 30, 1864, divided into five epochs:

EPOCH THE FIRST.

The regiment in forts south of the Potomac, defenses of Washington, D. C.; aggregate strength, 1,771: commanded by Colonel J. N. G. Whistler.

EPOCH THE SECOND.

Left fortifications and embarked at Alexandria, Va., on the 15th day of May 1864. Arrived at Belle Plain on the 16th, disembarked, and encamped there. Received orders on the morning of the 17th to march on the morning of the 18th. Arrived within 2 miles of General Grant's headquarters, was brigaded in Tyler's division of heavy artillery, and ordered to the extreme front, and skirmished

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 166.

---------------

