
there. On the 19th of May the regiment participated in a fight with Ewell's corps, known as the Battle of the Pines. Returned on the morning of the 20th to old camp-ground of the 18th, and at 11 o'clock of the 20th received orders to march. Loss: Commissioned officers, 2 killed, 2 wounded, 1 missing, enlisted men, 26 killed, 81 wounded, 2 missing.

EPOCH THE THIRD.

21st, marched till 2 p. m. (30 miles in fifteen hours); passed Bowling Green on to Milford Station, and camped about a mile beyond; 22nd, employed in throwing up rifle-pits about 2 miles from Milfrod; at about 6 a. m. of the 23d, marched toward Hanover Junction and to North Anna; on the 24th, lay in rifle-pits near the bridge while the Ninth Corps crossed; experienced heavy shelling while in pits; at about 4 p. m. of the same day vacated the pits for the purpose of crossing the bridge, which the two right companies (E and A) succeeded in doing under a very heavy fire, but were ordered back; resumed original position in the pits; at dark the regiment moved toward the river, crossed on pontoons on the morning of the 25th, and encamped 1 mile beyond, employed throwing up rifle-pits; at 8 p. m. of the 26th, moved and recrossed the river to north side and marched toward the Pamunkey River.

EPOCH THE FOURTH.

On the 27th May marched down the Pamunkey, and crossed on the 28th, building rifle-pits all night; on the 29th, late in the evening, marched about 4 miles toward Mechanicsville, and was assigned to the First Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps. At dark the regiment was moved 1 mile to the front, and immediately built rifle-pits. May 31, the Third Battalion (three companies) made a charge on the left of Totopotomoy Creek, but was driven back. Our First Battalion, on the right, was more successful, but fell back behind rifle-pits. June 1, regiment in same position; at 9 p. m., marched to the left with the corps; at dusk on the 2nd, charged one line of the enemy's works, which we held, and during their night threw the ground taken, and threw up rifle-pits and breast-works; occupied and held the same position at Cold Harbor until the evening of the 12th of June.

Loss: Commissioned officers, 1 killed, 8 wounded, 1 missing; enlisted men, 28 killed, 247 wounded, 37 missing.*

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE HOGG,

Major, Commanding Second New York Artillery.

[Captain WILLIAM McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

