
Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Joseph N. G. Whistler, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of operations June 11.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,In the field, June 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to state that the enemy opened fire this evening at about the hour of the assembling the pickets. Four shots were fired, two of which took effect in my regiment, slightly wounding 7 men; also a few men from other regiments who had assembled for picket duty. It would almost seem that the enemy were cognizant of the hour at which our pickets assembled and opened fire accordingly. One of the shells did not burst until after it entered the ground. I caused it to be dug up, and found used instead, a portion of which was found attached to the shell. The angle of elevation being so much less than usual in mortar firing, it is my opinion that the shots were fired from a howitzer at a very high elevation, and with a small charge of powder.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. G. WHISTLER,

Colonel Second New York Artillery, Commanding Regiment.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 22. Report of Major George W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, current series, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following summary of the operations of this command during the present campaign, to and including July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3.-11 p. m. broke camp near Stevensburg, Va., and marched toward Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan.

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan and marched to Chancellorsville; bivouacked.

May 5.-Marched from Chancellorsville; went into position at 3 p. m., and built breast-works; not engaged.

May 6.-Moved to the left about one-half mile; 11 a. m., returned to former position; 12 m., moved again to extreme left of the corps; fortified this point; not engaged; laid in breast-works all night.

May 7.-1 p. m. moved out of breast-works in support of extreme left of skirmishers; 6 p. m. took up position across the Brock road at railroad crossing in advance of picket-line. Threw forward pickets along the Brock road at right angles with corps picket-line until we struck cavalry pickets. Cavalry pickets withdrawn about 10 p. m. At daybreak (8th) the regiment was withdrawn and joined the corps pickets; assembled within breast-works; not engaged.

