
SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.-Marched to Todd's Tavern and made breast-works. About noon we were ordered over the breast-works. Formed line of battle on the right of One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and advanced through dense woods about 2 miles. No enemy encountered. Then moved to the rear and left until we struck the Fredericksburg road, about a mile to the left and a little in advance of the works constructed by us that day. Halted here about an hour, when we were ordered by Lieutenant Hallenbeck, of Colonel (now General) Miles' staff, to move out to the right of the road toward Corbin's Bridge and engage the enemy, whose skirmish line was then advancing upon our flank. Formed line parallel to the road and advanced through a strip of woods into open country, where we encountered the enemy's skirmishers, whom we drove in. Engaged his line of battle at about 300 yards. Being greatly outnumbered and both flanks being threatened, the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers was advanced to extend our line. They halted, however, about 150 yards to the left and rear of us. We were suffering heavy loss from the enemy's cross-fire, and our right flank being in great danger, we retired slowly and in good order to the line of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, bringing off all our wounded. Soon afterward we received orders to fall back into the breast-works, at Todd's Tavern, which we did under a heavy artillery fire from the enemy. Reached the breast-works about dark; bivouacked.

May 9.-1 p. m. moved in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House; crossed the river Po about 5 p. m.; bivouacked at dark; not engaged.

May 10.-By order of Colonel Miles the regiment skirmished down the south bank of the Po River to Glady Run. A portion of the regiment sent across to the north side to reconnoiter the enemy's position. Found his line of battle in breast-works. Were withdrawn by direction of General Barlow, with slight loss. Heavy musketry in our rear. Being isolated, General Barlow ordered us to report to Colonel Brooke, then commanding Fourth Brigade; under heavy musketry and artillery fire all the afternoon, but not directly engaged. Recrossed to north bank of Po River about 5 p. m. under cover of our artillery. Soon after received orders to report back to Colonel Miles. Went into position at dark on the extreme right; build breast-works and bivouacked.

May 11.-About 12 m. left the breast-works and marched to, and a short distance beyond, Todd's Tavern; no enemy. Returned and resumed our position about dark. About 9 p. m. marched to the left; marched all night.

May 12.-Formed in mass on the right of Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers to charge the enemy's position. Advanced at daybreak, surprising the enemy in his works, captured several guns and flags, and a large number of prisoners (several hundred), and all their small-arms. Our loss up to this time was very slight. About 200 yards beyond their works we encountered their second line, which we also carried, and proceeded on to their line. Here they received re-enforcements, which checked us, and after a desperate fight, lasting nearly two hours, we fell back to the first line, which we held. About 2 p. m., marched about half a mile to the right, when the rebels charged us, and endeavored to retake the works, massing large bodies of troops each time. They were repulsed with

