
great loss each time. About 5 p. m. we were relieved by a portion of the Sixth Corps and returned to our first position, where we slept on our arms.

May 13.-Remained in same position; no engagement.

May 14.-Marched to the rear in the vicinity of army headquarters; encamped and remained until.

May 17.-At 9 p. m., when we broke camp and marched to the extreme right. Division charged the enemy at daylight, May 18. We were placed in support of a battery during the charge, and suffered no loss, being protected by breast-works. Experienced heavy shelling, but were not otherwise engaged.

May 19.-Marched at 9 p. m. toward the left; marched all night.

May 20.-Bivouacked at daylight in rear of the Sixth Corps. Marched at 5 p. m. toward the right, but countermarched and returned to our position in the rear; about dark bivouacked.

THIRD EPOCH.-MAY 20-26.

May 20.-11 p. m. marched via Guiney's Station and Bowling Green to Milford Station; crossed the Mattapony River at 3 p. m., May 21, and went into position on Sycamore Hill, where we built breast-works; bivouacked.

May 22.-Consumed in strengthening the works on Sycamore Hill.

May 23.-Marched to Jericho Bridge on the North Anna River; bivouacked on north side bank of the river.

May 24.-Crossed the North Anna River at 10 a. m., under heavy shelling, and placed in support of skirmish line, subsequently withdrawn and placed under shelter of a ridge on the right of the railroad; 4 p. m. crossed the railroad and advanced in line of battle to the support of the Second Division, then heavily engaged; enemy repulsed without our assistance; bivouacked.

May 25.-Joined the rest of the brigade under the hill to the right of railroad; drew rations, and returned to former position on the left of railroad. Recrossed the North Anna at midnight, May 26.

FOURTH EPOCH.-MAY 27-JUNE 12.

May 27.-Marched eastwardly all day; bivouacked at midnight.

May 28.-Marched at 7 a. m. Crossed the Pamunkey River at 1 p. m.; went into position and built breast-works; moved forward at sundown to support cavalry pickets; returned to former position at midnight.

May 29.-Moved forward to the junction of Cold Harbor and Hanover Court-House roads. Placed in support os skirmish line near Totopotomoy Creek. Built breast-works and bivouacked.

May 30.-Ordered forward at 7 a. m.to construct a breast-work in front of Shelton's house, about 500 yards from the enemy's position. Build breast-works under the heavy fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. Two men wounded.

May 31.-Lay in breast-works all day. At dark received orders to prepare to charge the enemy's position. Order subsequently countermanded.

June 1.-At daylight moved forward and occupied a small breastwork in support of picket-line. Loss, 1 officer killed by sharpshooters. Evacuated at 3 p. m., by order of division officer of the day, and returned to breast-works at Shelton's house. Left this position at dark, and marched to the left. Marched all night.

