
June 2.-Marched to the left until 2 p. m. and halted in dense woods. At 5 p. m. ordered forward as picket reserve near Bethesda Church. Under arms all night; continuous picket-firing.

June 3.- Moved forward at daylight. Formed line of battle on the left of One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. Charged the enemy's position at 4.30 a. m., but being without support were compelled to fall back with considerable loss. About noon formed line along the Dispatch road and threw up breast-works.

June 3 to 12.-No movements; occasional artillery fire; lay in breast-works suffering some loss from sharpshooters.*

Respectfully submitted.

By order of Major General W. Scott:

R. A. BROWN,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixty-first N. Y. Volunteers.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant James E. Deno, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP EIGHTY-FIRST Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,

October 20, 1864.

Report of the operations of the Eighty-first Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, from May 1, 1864, to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 3rd of May, 1864, this regiment was ordered to march in the direction of the Rapidan, and we reached Ely's Ford by daybreak, which we crossed, then took the road to Chancellorsville, arriving on the old battle-ground by 10 a. m. and encamped behind the old earth-works thrown up by us exactly one year ago. On the 5th moved from thence and at about 12 m. encountered the enemy on Brock road in the Wilderness; about 7 p. m. formed line in woods to left of Brock road, advanced and took position in right of brigade; at 10 p. m. were driven to original position in open ground. On the morning of the 6th of May, the regiment, in connection with others of the brigade, went on picket duty on the extreme left and remained there until the morning of the 8th, then took up line of march for Todd's Tavern, arrived same day at 9 a. m., formed in line, and along with the remainder of the brigade charged, following the enemy for 2 miles, when they got on our flank and rear, compelling us to fall back. Our regiment lost 7 men. Fell back on Todd's Tavern. On the 9th advanced by Corbin's Bridge over the River Po, came up with the enemy's rear, fell back and recrossed the river. On the 10th the enemy being in heavy line of battle on the other side of the river, our regiment in connection with others was thrown out as skirmishers. Our right being attacked we were compelled to fall back, but the enemy were finally repulsed, our regiment losing

---------------

*For continuation of report see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

