
5 men wounded. On the 11th, we, in connection with the brigade, were ordered to the left to ascertain the enemy's strength, and crossed the Po River; afterward returned to our old position, from whence we moved at 10 p. m. On the 12th, this regiment, in company with others of the division, formed in line, and charged the enemy's works and carried them at a great sacrifice, Private Thomas Robinson capturing one of the enemy's battle-flags. The fight continued the whole day. Captain Thomas C. Williams, Company H, was wounded, and Adjutant Hawk killed, the total loss of the regiment in this fight being 6 killed, 51 wounded, and 13 missing.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the 14th of May this regiment in connection with others moved to the left, halting in sight of Spotsylvania Court-House, and on the 15th were massed in the rear of Burnside's corps. On the 18th, we, in company with other regiments, supported a charge on the extreme right of the enemy and afterward fell back, where we remained in position until the 20th.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the 23d, the regiment being ordered to take upon the line of march, crossed the Pole Cat River, met the enemy at the North Anna, where they were strongly intrenched, and attempting to drive in our pickets were repulsed. Remained in the same position on the 24th. Our regiment, along with the remainder of our brigade, crossed the North Anna, and was sent out as skirmishers. No movement took place until the 26th, when our regiment was ordered to assist in destroying the railroad; recrossed the North Anna at daybreak; we then moved back about a mile from the river, and camped near Concord, Va., for the night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Started on the 28th at sunrise for Hanovertown. At 12 noon reached the Pamunkey River, crossed and formed in line. At 6 p. m., our regiment, in connection with others, was sent out to support cavalry fighting at Haw's Shop on the Richmond road. At 1 a. m., returned to old position, and on the 29th were thrown out with other regiments as a skirmish line. On the 1st of June the rebels made a charge on our works, but were repulsed; the regiment started for the left at dusk, marching all night, and at 8 a. m. halted near the Sixth Corps at Cold Harbor, where we had 1 man killed. On the 3rd, our regiment, in conjunction with the remainder of the division, charged the enemy's works and took the first line, but were compelled to fall back, 18 of our regiment being wounded. The fight continued during the night, and we had 7 more men wounded.

Casualties during the fourth epoch, 1 man killed, 26 wounded.*

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES E. DENO,

Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

