
Numbers 24. Report of Captain Thomas Henry, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to paragraph 5, of Special Orders, Numbers 209, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment from May 3 to July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

Under command of Colonel John Fraser the regiment broke camp at 11 o'clock on the night of May 3, and marched in the direction of and crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford on the morning of the 4th, and continued the march in the direction of Chancellorsville, where we encamped for the night. On the morning of the 5th we marched in the direction of Spotsylvania, throwing out skirmishers in front and flankers on the left of the brigade. Two companies were left to guard the forks of the road near an old foundry. About 4 o'clock the companies were ordered to rejoin the regiment. The regiment was then deployed in line of battle, and was engaged with the enemy at 6 o'clock in the evening. About 1 o'clock in the morning we were withdrawn and moved to the extreme left of the line of the First Division, where we remained during the day and the day following. The regiment lost in the battle of the Wilderness 3 enlisted men killed, and 10 enlisted men wounded.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the morning of the 8th the regiment marched with the First Brigade to Todd's Tavern, at which place seven companies were deployed as skirmishers, the remaining three companies marching in support. The skirmishers advanced about 1 mile and engaged the enemy. The three companies in support, in connection with the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, advanced under a heavy fire of musketry to an old house to the right of the main road, but was compelled to fall back on account of the superior numbers of the enemy and the commanding position they occupied. At dark the regiment fell back to the main line. On the morning of the 9th the regiment threw up earth-works. Remained here till 12 m., when we moved with the brigade to the left, crossing a small stream. In the evening the regiment was deployed as skirmishers. Leaving the color company in support, advanced through a heavy pine forest to the Po River. Remained for the night and until about 11 a. m. next day, when the regiment assembled on the left of the brigade and took a position near a house on the south side of the stream to await the appearance of the enemy. The regiment engaged the enemy a short time, when we were ordered to fall back to the north side of the stream and move to the right. On the morning of the 11th the regiment, in connection with a detachment of the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and two sections of artillery, under command of Colonel Fraser, made a reconnaissance to Todd's

