
Tavern. The enemy not making his appearance, and the object of the reconnaissance being accomplished, we rejoined the brigade in the evening.

On the night of the 11th and morning of the 12th moved with the brigade toward Spotsylvania, and at daylight was formed on the left of the Sixth Corps and participated in the charge made on this day by the Second Corps, and claim the colors of this regiment were second to none to reach the rebel works.

On the morning of the 13th we moved up to and charged the works captured the day before. On the 14th, a detail from the regiment in connection with details from other regiments of the First Brigade, brought off from between the lines two cannon and caissons. On the 15th, we moved with the division to the rear, and remained until the night of the 20th of May. The casualties on the march to and in front of Spotsylvania were 41 enlisted men killed, 6 commissioned officers and 119 enlisted men wounded, and 10 enlisted men missing.

THIRD EPOCH.

Colonel John Fraser being wounded at the battle of Spotsylvania, the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain J. F. McCullough. On the morning of the 21st we marched with the brigade toward Milford Station, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, passing through Bowling Green. We reached the station about 12 m., crossed the Mattapony and threw up very heavy works, and remained in this position until the morning of the 23d, when we moved with the brigade to the North Anna River, which we crossed on the afternoon of the 24th and deployed the regiment as skirmishers, driving the enemy's skirmishers into their line of works. The regiment was relieved in the evening by the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, when we returned to the brigade behind the bank of the river, where we remained until the night of the 26th, when we recrossed the river and supported a battery the next day until the army was well in motion. The regiment lost on the march to the North Anna and the operations on that river 3 enlisted men killed, 9 enlisted men wounded.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 27th the regiment marched with the brigade and crossed the Pamunkey River about noon, taking position on the left of the Sixth Crops; in the evening the regiment was sent to support the cavalry at Haw's Shop; rejoined the brigade about midnight. On the 29th, at noon, the regiment was deployed on the left of the brigade and moved in the direction of Totopotomoy Creek; were relieved from the picket-line about 10 o'clock and rejoined the brigade n the earth-works, where we remained until about 2 p. m. on the 31st, it did under a very heavy and severe fire of musketry and artillery. Captain McCullough being killed, Captain Samuel Campbell assumed command of the regiment. At dark the regiment withdrew and rejoined the brigade on June 1; supported artillery and marched that night toward Cold Harbor, which place we reached with the brigade about 9 a. m. on the 2nd. At 12 m. the regiment moved with the brigade to the left and deployed as skirmishers. Marching, the color company in reserve, we relieved the First Pennsylvania Cav-

