
alry, drove the enemy's skirmishers into their line of works, then charged the works in connection with the Twenty-sixth Michigan and two companies of the Second New York Heavy Artillery, but owing to the superior numbers of the enemy were forced to fall back across the road, where we remained under a very heavy fire of canister until after dark, when we were relieved by the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers. On the 3rd, the regiment supported the pickets on the left, and threw up earth-works, where we remained until the night of the 6th, when we advanced the line and threw up new and stronger works, remaining in theirs position until the night of the 12th. The regiment lost in the operations at Totopotomoy and Cold Harbor, 1 commissioned officer and 9 enlisted men killed, 24 enlisted men wounded, and 12 enlisted men missing.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOMAS HENRY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George T. Egbert, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 183rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 21, 1864.

Report of operations of the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers from May 3 to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3.-Broke winter camp near Stevensburg, Va., about 10 p. m. and marched to Chancellorsville, arriving on the afternoon of May 4, and took position on the Fredericksburg road.

May 5.-Marched past Old Furnace, a few miles into the Wilderness. Was under fire but not engaged in the battle of the afternoon.

May 6.-The regiment held different positions during the day behind breast-works.

May 7.-On picket duty. Companies on various parts of the line.

May 8.-Marched to the left and made a reconnaissance with the balance of the brigade near Todd's Tavern. In the afternoon, while rations were being issued, an attack was made by the enemy, seemingly with the intention of capturing the supply train. The regiment was then advanced to repel the attack, and took position in an open field ont he left of the Irish Brigade, where a brisk skirmish ensued with the enemy, who was posted on a hill at a distance of about 200 yards. After having suffered considerable loss the regiment was withdrawn with the balance of the brigade to the position held by it in the morning.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 9.-Marched by the left flank to the Po River, where we lay till about sundown, when we crossed the river, and after advancing about 3 miles we encamped on the Spotsylvania road.

---------------

*For continuation of report see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

