
May 10.-Were moved a short distance into a tract of woods on the right of the road and lay in line of battle several hours, when we moved again to the left and commenced throwing up breastworks for the protection of the road. The enemy having made an advance on our right, were afterward ordered to recross the Po River, and took up a position in a piece of woods and threw up breast-works.

May 11.-Engaged in throwing breast-works. In the afternoon made a reconnaissance to a hill called Bull's Head.

May 12.-At daybreak took part in the assault on the enemy's position near Spotsylvania, suffering a heavy loss. Remained in rear of breast-works all night.

May 13.-Took position in front line farther to the left.

May 14.-Volunteers from this and other regiments of the brigade took two guns from under the enemy's fire.

May 15.-Moved with the division to the rear, and encamped in front of army headquarters.

May 17.-Moved a short distance to the left. After lying a few front of army headquarters.

May 18.-At daybreak took a position behind line of works before held by us. Marched out about dark by the left flank to a position about 3 miles to the left of Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 19, p. m.-Ordered out to assist in repelling an attack on the center. The attack having been repulsed without assistance, returned to original position.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 20, evening.-Moved out by the left flank. Marched all night.

May 21.-Continued march till about middle of afternoon, when we took position a short distance beyond Milford, where we threw up breast-works.

May 23.-Advanced to North Anna River, near Hanover Junction.

May 24.-Crossed the North Anna. The regiment was advanced as skirmished; withdrawn after losing a few men. Lay encamped that night and next day.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 26.-Recrossed to north side of the North Anna, and the regiment put to work on making roads. Near dusk recrossed to south side of the river, received rations, and again recrossed.

May 27.-Marched to the left, took up position near Salem Church, and threw up breast-works.

May 28.-Advanced about 3 miles near Massapotomy Creek and took position in second line.

May 29.-About dusk advanced to front line of works.

May 30, a. m.-Participated in the unsuccessful attack on enemy's works. About middle of afternoon sent out to support the picket line in our front. Withdrawn soon after. Considerable loss in killed and wounded during the day.

