
June 1.-Soon after dark marched to Cold Habor.

June 2.-Arriving and taking position in woods early in afternoon. Threw up breast-works.

June 3.-At daybreak charged works of the enemy unsuccessfully with heavy loss. Retired and threw up breast-works. Remained in same position until evening, June 10, when the regiment was withdrawn to near line of works near brigade headquarters.*

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. T. EGBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 26. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, May 3-31.+

May 3.-Broke camp at Stevensburg, Va., about 11 p. m., crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford about 6 a. m. May 4, and reached Chancellorsville at about 3 p. m.; from thence marched to the Wilderness, and at 5 p. m. on the 5th engaged the enemy and fought upward of two hours. The fight was spirited and well sustained. At night fell back on the road, and took possession of the breastworks thrown up by the division pioneers. Next night these works were charged by the enemy and handsomely repulsed.

May 7 and 8.-Were skirmishing and on picket, and at noon of the latter day moved to Todd's Tavern; constructed earth-works; sent out skirmishers and a picket party.

May 9.-Crossed the Po River, and until the 11th were principally engaged throwing up breast-works, &amp;c.

May 12.-At daylight charged the enemy's works, which proved a most successful movement.

May 13 to 17.-Moved ot and from several grounds, throwing up earth-works.

May 18.-Charged the enemy's works, and after six hours' hard fighting, took possession of their rifle-pits near Spotsylvania Court-House; at night marched to a field and encamped.

May 20.-Broke camp at night and crossed the Mat River at Milford.

May 23.-Marched to the bank of the North Anna River, and crossed the stream on the 24th.

May 26.-Recrossed the North Anna and marched about 3 miles.

May 27.-Marched in the direction of Pamunkey River and crossed it on pontoon bridge.

May 28.-In the evening advanced 3 miles and rested until the next day, having thrown up breast-works.

May 29.-Advanced 3 miles, threw up breast-works, and rested until the 31st. Loss, from the 5th to the 31st: Commissioned officers, 11 killed, 13 wounded, and 1 missing; enlisted men, 93 killed, 467 wounded, and 148 missing.

---------------

*For continuation of report see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

+From return for May.

