
Numbers 27. Report of Captain James Fleming, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry.

FIRST EPOCH.

The crossing of the Rapidan River, Va., and the battles in the Wilderness, near the old Chancellorsville battle-ground, and Todd's Tavern, embracing May 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9, 1864.

The Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment broke camp at Stevensburg, Va., at dark on the evening of May 3, 1864, and marched at night, under command of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Cartwright, with 485 enlisted men, 2 field officers, and 18 line officers, in company with the Sixty-third, Sixty-ninth, Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, and the One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, composing the Second Brigade of the First Division, Second Army Corps, the brigade being commanded by Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, the division by Brigadier-General Barlow, and the corps by Major General W. S. Hancock. Crossed the Rapidan near daylight at Ely's Ford on pontoon, and reached Chancellorsville at about 3 p. m. May 4, 1864. Bivouacked that night on the old Chancellorsville battle-ground. From thence at daylight on the morning of May 5, 1864, marched again, this regiment deployed on the left flank of the column as flankers. In the afternoon marched to the right of Todd's Tavern, crossing the plank road, and went into the battle of the Wilderness. This regiment being the only one in the Second Brigade who were armed with rifles, it was constantly acting as skirmishers, while the brigade was at work throwing up their entrenchments of logs and earth. Were engaged again on the 6th, 7th, and 8th of May, suffering much in loss of officers and men, fatigue, &amp;c.

The regiment performed the duties assigned them in very creditable manner, although laboring under formidable disadvantages.

In this epoch the regiment lost in killed, wounded, and missing as follows: Killed, 2 commissioned officers, 18 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers, 85 enlisted men; missing, 18 enlisted men. Left Wilderness night of May 8, 1864.

SECOND EPOCH.

From May 9 to May 22. Operations on Po River, Spotsylvania Court-House, and vicinity.

Marched night of May 8, 9, and 10, and skirmishing most of the time. Engaged at River Po and vicinity, changing front several times under enemy's artillery fire; threw up entrenchments and supported a regular battery; fell back across Po River; sent out scouting parties; destroyed small bridges, &c. On the night of May 11, 1864, we marched several miles, passing through the camp of the Sixth Army Corps, and pushed forward until about 1 or 2 o'clock on the morning of May 12, 1864. Here was massed the Second Corps, the First and Third Division in advance, and balance of corps in reserve. At daylight May 12, made the great charge on the enemy's position,

