
and assisted in carrying their works, capturing artillery and many prisoners, 1 general officer being captured in his tent by a private in this regiment.

The regiment in this engagement suffered much, but acted with their usual bravery and spirit, losing from May 9 to May 12: Enlisted men, 4 killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing. In the charge May 12, 1864, we lost as follows: Enlisted men: Killed 10, wounded 39, and 4 missing, 1 officer wounded. From the 12th of May until the night of the 17th of May the regiment was either skirmishing, fighting, or changing position almost constantly. On the night of May 17 we again formed en masse, and early on the morning near Spotsylvania Court-House. In this charge the regiment held the left of the enemy's line, which was taken, but again suffered greatly, especially among its gallant officers.

Here fell the brave Major Andrew J. Lawler, commanding regiment, the accomplished Captain James Magner, the lamented Captain William F. Cochrane, all killed; also Captain Covenay, Captain Fleming, Captain Bailey, Lieutenant Armand, wounded. Casualties May 18: killed, 3 officers, 8 men; wounded, 4 officers, 25 enlisted men; and 16 missing. The regiment held the left of the enemy's line all day, exposed to an enfilading fie of grape and canister from enemy's battery, and were relived at 5 p. m., losing many of its best officers and soldiers.

The casualties of this (second) epoch as follows: 3 officers and 22 enlisted men killed, 5 officers and 71 enlisted men wounded, 20 enlisted men missing, and 1 prisoner.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna River, and operations in that vicinity.

Moved from the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House May 22, 1864; had a long, weary, dusty march, the men suffering greatly for water, which was very scarce, and the roads were very heavy with dust.

Tuesday, May 24.-Crossed the North Anna River. Heavy artillery firing commenced. The enemy falls back. Our regiment lay all day in open field, exposed to the blistering sun, without shelter. Third Division storm enemy's work, and meet with success, but lost heavily; made heavy detail for picket duty and lost 2 men.

Wednesday, May 25.-Regiment lay on their arms all night in a drenching rain. The men suffered much, having had no rest for past three days, and their rations having run short, long marches, constant duty, &amp;c., the officers sharing alike with them in the fatigue, exposure, and short rations. Enemy fell back from our immediate front during last night; fresh beef issued very often. The Ninth Corps, on our right, are at work all day with heavy Parrotts. Enemy in full sight, throwing up earth-works. Bivouacked in open field all night.

Thursday, May 26.-To arms at 3.30 a. m. Men still short of rations; principle cause, extra duty, and labor, &c.; 2.30 p. m., still lay in reserve. Trains and cattle which had crossed to south side are recrossed, and we are prepared to fall back. Supply train arrives, and rations are issued to men and officers at 8 p. m. At 10 p. m. we fall back and recross the North Anna. Casualties in this

