
epoch (third) as follows: 2 enlisted men killed, 8 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing. Closed this epoch tearing up rails and destroying railroad.

FOURTH EPOCH.

March to and across the Pamunkey River, including operations on the Totopotomoy Creek and Cold Harbor, embracing May 27 to June 14.

Bivouacked night of May 27 in the mud from 1 a. m. until 8 a. m., when the regiment deployed on railroad right and left of cross-road, burned cross-ties, warping the rails, and throwing them down embankment. Marched from 10.30 a. m. until 4 p. m., a long and rapid march with alternate rain and intense heat; halted half an hour; pushed forward all day and all night toward Pamunkey River, marched 18 miles; Bowling Green, Guiney's Station, Milford; drove enemy from bridge, and halted about 1 o'clock morning May 29 on bank of Pamunkey. The soldiers, notwithstanding their fatigue, were cheerful and spirited;; many straggled and fell out on this march. Water being scarce the men suffered greatly. Crossed river near New Castle.

Saturday, May 29.-Packed up at 11 a. m. Marched until 2.30. Halted at Hazelbone's old tavern. This place is an old homestead of over fifty years' standing, said to be 6 miles to Gaines' Mill; rested until 5.30 p. m., and pushed forward; built new works for defense. During the march we passed 8 or 10 dead rebel soldiers unburied, apparently dismounted cavalry; appearances of heavy cavalry fight here. Halted in open field. This regiment acts in support of a section of artillery to protect flank. Enemy open on front and right flank. Marched off to the right; threw up earthworks until 6.30 a. m. 30th.

Sunday, May 30.-Pushed forward at 9 a. m., Fourth Brigade in advance, this regiment in support, and the fight commences. Heavy shelling on both sides, and a severe fight in front. Colonel Richard Byrnes commands the brigade (colonel Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers). Moved back to entrenchments at 4.30 p. m.

Tuesday, June 1.-Artillery opens at 9 a. m., and advanced at 10 a.m.; heavy skirmishing until 7 p. m.; 1 man killed and 2 wounded. Occupied breast-works built by Brooke's (Fourth) brigade; carried three lines of enemy's works. Sleeper's Tenth Massachusetts Battery in position on our left do good execution on enemy's pits in front. Ordered to be in readiness to move at 5.30 p. m. Started at 10.30 p. m.; had a long, weary, rapid march; the dust lay very heavy. This was the most sever march of the campaign, marching ten and one-half hours until June 2; halted. Sixth Corps bring in some 800 prisoners from our right. Bivouac in open field; push on until 4 p. m.; rest half an hour, men very much fatigued and many fall out from utter exhausting and effects f heat. Halted at 5.30 p. m., and again intrenched ourselves, and although much fatigued the men worked with great willingness and spirit.

On Friday, the 3rd day of June, the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Regiment suffered much in the loss of officers and men without having the satisfaction of punishing the enemy in return. We formed in line and charged the enemy over the earth-works, and our men fell in heaps. Forward we went to the second hill, which was reached and held until nearly dark, when we fell back to the old

