
position badly used. In this charge the regiment lost its gallant colonel, Richard Byrnes, commanding brigade, and Lieutenant James B. West in killed, and Lieutenant Trainor and O'Brien, wounded. Regiment fell back to original position with but 3 lieutenants and 66 men for duty. During the night many stragglers came up. During this epoch great credit is due both the officers and men in theirs regiment for the energy displayed, bravery and labor obtained from them under great fatigue and difficulties.

In this epoch the regiment met the following casualties May 31 to June 13: Killed, 2 officers and 8 enlisted men; wounded, 2 officers and 44 enlisted men; missing, 1 enlisted man.*

JAMES FLEMING,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant MARTIN BINNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Captain Alexander Watts, Sixty-third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., October 13, 1864.

In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Numbers 265, dated October 1, 1864, I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment from May 4 to July 30, inclusive:

FIRST EPOCH.

Received orders on 3rd of May to march, and took up line of march 11 p. m. and crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford, and from thence marched in direction of Chancellorsville, which place was reached at about 3 p. m., May 4; from thence marched to the Wilderness, and at 5 p. m., of the 5th instant engaged the enemy and fought them until 7 o'clock, when we were relieved. One captain and 6 enlisted men killed, 1 major and 56 enlisted men wounded, and 12 enlisted men missing. Formed line next morning on the road and occupied breast-works thrown up during the night by the division pioneer corps. The enemy charged the works and were repulsed. Nineteen enlisted men of the regiment wounded. May 8, marched from the works and reached Todd's Tavern about 11 a. m. This regiment was thrown out as skirmishers and advanced tot he cross-roads about 2 miles, and met part of Gregg's cavalry division; found no enemy and were ordered to picket the orad, which was done. At 4 p. m. the same day, the enemy made a demonstration on our line, and after fighting until dark were ordered to fall back to breast-works. One enlisted man killed and 3 wounded. From the 9th to the 11th the regiment was on the march from on point to another, throwing up breast-works.

SECOND EPOCH.

At daylight on the morning of the 12th were, with the rest of the division,, ordered to charge the enemy's works, which was done very successfully. Loss, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 12 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing; 13th and 14th, regiment on picket, losing 1 enlisted man killed and 1 enlisted man wounded; 15th, 16th, and 17th, the regiment engaged in throwing

For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

