
up breast-works, being moved to different places on the line. On the 18th, were ordered to charge the enemy's works, which was done, with a loss of 1 enlisted man killed and 6 enlisted men wounded; 19th and 20th, lying behind breast-works.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 10 p. m. 20th, took up line of march in direction of Milford, reaching that place about 2.30 21st instant, and sent with balance of brigade in support of cavalry. Advanced 2 miles and threw up breast-works; 23d, were detailed as wagon guard with the brigade, and on 24th crossed the North Anna River, taking possession of the crest of the hill. At 11 p. m. on the 26th instant, recrossed the river and were marched about 3 miles to the left and bivouacked until morning.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 27th marched in direction of the Pamunkey River, and crossed it on pontoon bridge at about 4 p. m. of the 28th; advanced 3 miles and threw up breast-works and remained there until 12 m. 29th instant, when we took up the line of march, advancing 3 miles, together with the division. Engaged all night of the 29th in throwing up works, in which we remained until the night of the 31st.

June 1, received orders to march, and fell into line at dark; marched all night, halting at 9 a. m. June 2; at noon took position behind breast-works, which we strengthened; 3 p. m., advanced 30 rods across a field, and under fire there up works, remaining behind them all night, the enemy occasionally firing upon us.

June 3, at 6 a. m., an advance was ordered and a charge, but meeting too great force was obliged to fall back, with a loss of 3 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing. Threw up breast-works, where we remained until June 6. From 6th to 11th the regiment was engaged on breast-works and picket duty along the line.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER WATTS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Consolidated Brigade.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain John Smith, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Sixty-third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD Regiment NEW YORK VOLS.,In the Field, Va., June 4, 1864.

In compliance with orders received this day, I have the honor to submit the following brief history of the Sixty-third New York Volunteers since May 3, 1864, date of breaking camp, up to May 31, 1864;

Received orders on the 3rd of May to march,, and took up line of march 11 p. m., and crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford, and from thence marched in the direction of Chancellorsville, which

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

