
place was reached at about 3 p. m. evening of the 4th; from thence marched to the Wilderness, and at 5 p. m. 5th instant, engaged the enemy and fought them until 7 o'clock, when we were relieved; 1 captain and 6 enlisted men killed, 1 major and 36 enlisted men wounded, 12 enlisted men missing. Formed line next morning on the road and took possession of breast-works thrown up the night previous by the division pioneers. Enemy charged the works; were repulsed. Nineteen men of the regiment wounded.

May 8, marched from works and reached Todd's Tavern about 11 a. m.; Sixty-third Regiment was sent out to skirmish; advanced to the cross-roads about 2 miles, and met part of Gregg's cavalry division; found no enemy. Were ordered to picket the road, which was done at 4 p. m. same day. The enemy made a demonstration on our line, and after fighting until dark were ordered to fall back to line of breast-works; 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

From the 9th to the 11th instant the regiment was on the march from one point to another, throwing up an immense number of earth-works, and at daylight on the morning of the 12th were, with the rest of the division, ordered to charge the enemy's works, which was done very successfully. The regiment lost 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 12 enlisted men wounded, and 3 missing. Nothing unusual occurred 13th. On picket 14th, 1 man killed and 1 wounded; 15th, 16th, and 17th, regiment was moved to different places ont hemline, throwing up earth-works. On the 18th instant were ordered to charge the enemy's works, losing 1 enlisted man killed and 6 wounded; 19th and 20th, were lying behind breast-works; 20th, 10 p. m., marched in direction of Milford, reaching that place about 2.30 p. m.; 21st instant, were sent with balance of brigade to support cavalry; advanced about 2 miles, and threw up breastworks; 23d, were detailed as wagon guard with brigade, and 24th, crossed the North Anna River at about dusk the same day, and took possession of a crest of hills; recrossed the North Anna at 11 p. m. 26th instant, and marched about 3 miles to left and bivouacked until morning; 27th, marched in direction of the Pamunkey River and crossed it on pontoon bridge at abut 4 p. m. 28th; advanced 3 miles and threw up breast-works; remained there until 12 m. 29th instant, and advanced with division about 3 miles and worked all night throwing up breast-works, and remained in same place until 31st instant.

JOHN SMITH,

Captain, Eighty-eighth New York Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant P. W. BLACK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30, Report of Major Richard Moroney, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS SIXTY-NINTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular for brigade headquarters, dated December 26, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864:

This regiment broke camp near Stevensburg, Va., on the night of May 3, Captain Moroney commanding (now major). Aggregate

