
line, and remained until the night of the 1st of June, when we marched to Cold Harbor, reaching there about noon on the 2nd. Intrenched and remained in position until the 3rd, when we charged on the enemy's works, but did not succeed in capturing them. We fell back a short distance, threw up works, and remained behind them until the 12th.*

I remain, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

ROBERT H. MILLIKEN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Consolidated Brigade.

Numbers 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Denis F. Burke, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH NEW YORK STATE VET. VOLS.,October 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, of August 5, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this command from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg.

FIRST EPOCH.

This regiment broke camp on the 3rd of May, 1864, and crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and marched to the Old Chancellorsville battle-ground on the 4th; encamped for the night. On the following morning, 5th, moved at 5 a. m., and marched all day until 4 p. m., when we engaged the enemy at Wilderness. The regiment advanced in line of battle in conformity with the other regiments of the brigade, and drove the enemy's line back. We held the portion gained for over two hours, when we were relieved by a portion of the Third Brigade, First Division, Second Corps. We retired and took a position at the works on the plank road.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the 6th of May, about the hour of 11 a. m., the enemy came in heavy force and charged on our position, but they were repulsed with heavy loss. On the 7th we were thrown out as skirmishers. On the 8th we marched to Todd's Tavern. We were ordered out to support a first line of skirmishers and held the enemy in check until ordered by General Barlow to resume our former position. On the 9th we moved to the left of Third Division, Second Corps, and were employed in throwing up breast-works; 1 a. m., we moved to and crossed the Po River, where we rested for the night. On the 10th the regiment was moved to different position on the field and subsequently ordered by General Hancock to take a position on the

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

