
across the James at Wind Mill Point, and halted on the right side of the river for the night. 15th, moved to Petersburg, marching all day and night.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DENIS F. BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Consolidated Brigade.

Numbers 33. Report of Captain Garrett Nowlan, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 116TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 10, 1864.

Report of the operations of the One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan River to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg. Va., July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3, 1864.-10 p. m., broke camp and started on the march.

May 4.-10 a. m., arrived at Chancellorsville; laid in line of battle all day.

May 5.-Left this morning, marched 4 miles, and attacked the enemy at Wilderness about 4 p. m., and retired a little after dark; fell back and built breast-works.

May 6.-Finished the works; enemy attacked us about 4 p. m.; works caught fire and compelled us to fall back; after dark moved 1 mile to the right.

May 7.-Laid in line of battle all day behind breast-works.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.-Started for Spotsylvania Court-House; arrived early in the morning and began to [throw] up breast-works; about 4 p. m. were ordered out to skirmish; returned in early part of the evening.

May 9.-Moved on the left about 3 miles; built breast-works.

May 10.-Enemy charged and drove us back to old line of works.

May 11.-Moved a considerable distance on left.

May 12.-Charged about daylight and drove the enemy out of their works and held them.

May 13.-Nothing of importance occurred.

May 14.-Nothing of importance occurred.

May 15.-Started to march at daylight and after going a short distance rested in an open field.

May 16.-Had an inspection of arms.

May 17.-Marched all night.

May 18.-Charged the enemy's works about daylight; hard fighting all day. At night moved to left about 2 1\2 miles and rested in a corn-field.

May 19.-Nothing of importance occurred.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

