
THIRD EPOCH.

May 20.-10 p. m., started on march and continued on all night.

May 21.-Passed through Bowling Green about 10 a. m.; crossed the Ny River; moved about a mile beyond in a wheat-field and build breast-works.

May 22.-Lay behind breast-works in line of battle.

May 23.-Marched and arrived at North Anna River about 4 p. m.; formed line of battle in the woods; very heavy firing in front.

May 24.-Heavy firing early in the morning. Crossed the river near the railroad bridge about 1 p. m., and lay in line of battle.

May 25.-Nothing of importance occurred.

May 26.-All day destroying the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad; at night drew rations.

May 27.-Recrossed the river, went a short distance, and rested all night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-Started early in the morning on the march and crossed the Pamunkey River about 1 p. m. and advanced about 1 mile and then built breast-works.

May 29.-Left works in the morning and advanced about 3 miles; built breast-works.

May 30.-Remained in old position until evening, then advanced and built works.

May 31.-Advanced still farther; heavy firing in the afternoon from battery on our left.

June 1.-Started on march at 10 p. m.; marched all night.

June 2.-Arrived at Cold Harbor about 10 a. m.; occupied in building breast-works; very heavy firing on the right.

June 3.-Charged the enemy's position; were compelled to fall back with great loss of life; on picket at night.

June 4.-Lay behind breast-works all day.

June 5.-Enemy made an attack on our lines and were repulsed after twenty minutes' hard fighting.

June 6.-Moved to the right near to the first position occupied by us; enemy made three attack on our lines but without success.

June 7.-Truce of two hours' duration for purpose of burying the dead.

June 8 to 11.-Nothing of any importance occurred.

June 12.-Packed up and left quietly at 7 p. m.; marched all night.*

Respectfully submitted.

GARRETT NOWLAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 34. Itinerary of the Third Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, May 3-31.+

May 3.-This command marched from camp at Stevensburg, Va., at 11 p. m. in the direction of the Rapidan River.

---------------

*For continuation of report see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

+From return for May.

