
May 4.-Crossed at Ely's Ford at 7 a. m.; marched to Chancellorsville; formed line of battle, and remained in position until 7 a. m. of the 5th; then marched to near Todd's Tavern. At 4.30 p. m. the Fifty-seventh and One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers (temporarily detached) became severely engaged at the Wilderness Tavern. At 10 p. m. they were joined by the rest of the brigade.

May 6.-The brigade became severely engaged and fought all day.

May 7.-Fought portion of the day.

May 8.-Moved to Todd's Tavern and threw up works.

May 16.-Crossed the Po River; became severely engaged, and were obliged to recross the river.

May 18.-Took part in the charge made by the Second Corps; captures as covered by this command were 6 guns, 3 colors, and more prisoners than men present.

May 20.-Marched to Bowling Green.

May 21.-Marched through Milford.

May 22.-Moved to Hanover Station.

May 23.-Made a charge with the division on the enemy's left; were repulsed.

May 24.-Crossed the North Anna River.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey River.

May 29.-Moved to a point near the junction of Mechanicsville turnpike and Richmond road.

May 30.-Threw up works.

May 31.-Charged the enemy's rifle-pits and took the first line.

Numbers 35. Report of Captain David A. Allen, Thirty-ninth New York Infantry.

Report of the Thirty-ninth New York State Volunteers, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment left camp near Stevensburg, May 3, 1864, at 10 p. m., and crossed Rapidan River about noon May 4, 1864.

On the morning of the 6th of May engaged the enemy, but were forced to fall back to original position. In this engagement colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and 5 line officers were wounded and 1 line officer taken prisoner.

SECOND EPOCH.

The regiment marched from the Wilderness to Po River, where, on the morning of the 10th of May, our skirmishers engaged the enemy and about noon brought on a general engagement, when, after holding our position one hour, were forced to fall back. The regiment was sent in to support a battery. They lost in this day's action

