
1 commissioned officer missing, and 3 wounded. Marched from Po River on the 11th of May to Spotsylvania, and early on the morning of the 12th assisted in the charge of the Second Corps, the regiment having participated in the entire engagement of the day, and have to report the loss of 1 line officer killed and 3 wounded. Participated in the engagement May 18, 1864. Here they lost 1 killed officer and 2 line officers wounded.

THIRD EPOCH.

The regiment marched with the division to the North Anna May 24. They crossed to the south side of the North Anna and remained the greater portion of the day in line of battle under fire, but were not engaged. The following morning they recrossed the river and marched toward the Pamunkey.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The regiment, the 27th of May, crossed the Punkey, and on the 29th of May they advanced with the division on Hanovertown, and were engaged skirmishing with the enemy on the 30th and 31st of May. On the night of the 31st the regiment moved to and arrived at Cold Harbor early on the morning of the 1st of June, where the Sixth Corps was heavy. Here the regiment was deployed in front of the enemy; remained until the night of the 12th of June.*

D. A. ALLEN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL, A. A. A. G.]

Numbers 36. Report of Captain George, Fifth-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH-SECOND REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,October 13, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209. headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the several operations of the campaign:

In the first epoch, the crossing of the Rapidan and the battle of the Wilderness, participated this regiment on the 6th day of May, 1864.

In the second epoch, the march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place, participated this regiment on the 10th, 12th, and 18th days of May.

In the third epoch, the march to the North Anna and the operations on that river, participated this regiment on the 21st, 23d, and 24th days of May.

In the fourth epoch, the march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomy and at Cold Harbor, participated this regiment on the 30th and 31st days of May and on the 3rd day of June.*

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE DEGENER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL, A. A. A. G.

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

