
some of the best men most faithful soldiers in the regiment. Our color-sergeant, Harris Clark, was wounded in the leg (which has since been amputee), but not he had distinguished himself for bravery so much so as to receive from Lieutenant-Colonel Myer assurance of portion to a lieutenant for his courage. Private Philip Brady, Company I, took up the colors when Sergeant Clark by Corpl C. S. Davis, of Company B. These are not the only instances of courage displayed in this action.

SECOND EPOCH.

We again took up the line of march on morning of May 8, marching a few miles to Todd's Tavern, to the right of which we were placed in line in the woods and belt breat-works. There was skirmishing near us, but no general engagement. An order was read to us on the a. m. of the 9th that the day was to be observed as a day of rest by the army, but soon after orders came for us to fall in, and we were moved out of the woods and a short distance to the left. We lay here until afternoon, when we moved forward. Were under fire while supporting Arnold's battery during the p. m. Toward evening we crossed the Po River and marched until about midnight. The regiment was moved to and from all the morning of the 10th, and about 1 p. m. was marched down and placed in line of battle. Some breast forks had been thrown up directly and but a few feet in rear of where the regiment was placed in line. These it occupied when the rebels came rushing, whit wild cries, throughout the woods in our front, and firing commenced. We remained in the position fighting fully an hour. We remained here after the line directly on pour left had broke, partly rallied and again broke, and until the woods to our left took fire, which fire was sweeping rapidly toward us and until orders came for us to fall back. Before retiring the Po River the regiment made a stated, Company D placing itself in front of a section of Arnold's battery, which had become entangled in the brush, and resisting the enemy until the guns were got off. All credit is due to the commander of D Company for the valor he displayed on that occasion.

The regiment lost in this engagement some 15 men, including 1 commissioned officer, * namely, as follows.+

This engagement developed more clearly the courage and ability of most of the line officers. The regiment was moved a short distance to the left on the night of the 10th, and was occupied building breast-works and skirmishing during the 11th, in which 1 man was wounded. The regiment, with corps, advanced thought the woods during the night of the 11th and occupied its appointed place in the grant charge on the enemy's works of May 12. The regiment contributed as its part of the bloody price paid for grand victory that followed this charge between 50 and 60 officers and men, some of them marked for their courage and distinguished as gentlemen.++

In this engagement Private Michael Burke.++ of D Company, captured a rebel battle-flag.

Nothing of special interest occurred in connection with the regi-

---------------

* Captain John Quay, wounded. + Nominal list omitted.

++ Awarded medal of honor.

---------------

