
ment until the night of the 17th, when it was again moved with the corps toward the rebel works. About 5 a. m. of the 18th division to which the regiment belongs was closed in column by division, and closed en masse and charged over a line of works previously captured on another held by the enemy. The engagement that followed was quite spirited; the works taken were held several hours, when the line to our left gave was y and we were ordered to fall back.

Our loss at this time was about 18 men, namely:*

THIRD EPOCH.

We left our position near Spotsylvania Court-House about 10 o'clock on the night position of the 20th of May, and marched all night and until 2 o'clock the next afternoon. The march was a forced one, as we moved very rapidly, with but a little rest; yet all knew there was an important point to be gained, and the men were as cheerful as they could be. The men never marched with so little complaining, or so little straggling. We passed thought the village of Bowling Green on the 21st, and camped south of Milford Station, and here threw up some very strong breast-works. We reached the North Anna during the afternoon of the 23d, and crossed on the morning of the 24th, the enemy having ben partly forced back and partly retiring voluntarily. We remained there until the night of the 26th, being occasionally shelled, but the regiment suffered no loss, and then fell back across the river.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Taking up the line of march again on the morning of the 27th, we moved very rapidly, crossing the Pamunkey about 1.30 o'clock on the afternoon of the 28th. Firing was going on in our front. We placed in line of battle, and commenced throwing up earthworks immediately. We moved forward on the Richmond road about 10.30 o'clock the morning of the 29th. On either side of the road were dead Union and rebel soldiers yet unburied, and other marks of the fifth of day before. When near the Totopotomoy the regiment was ordered on a road to the left protected the left flank of the division until the remained of the corps came up. We occupied different positions at this place at times in line behind breast-works, and in the skirmish line. We lost in all here some 12 officers and men, as follows.*

On the night of June 1 we left the Totopotomoy, and moved around to the left, reaching Cold Harbor early in the morning. About noon we were placed in position on the left. We were in the second line of works during the time we remained at Cold Harbor, employed on picket and fatigue duty. We lost few men here, and these from the enemy's shells and sharpshooters, as follows:+ ++

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON PENFIELD,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant I. H. WILDER.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

+ Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded.

++ For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL, Port I.

---------------

