
Numbers 40. Report of Captain John B. Geddies, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 126TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,October 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular, headquarters Consolidated Brigade, First Division, Second Corps, dated October 12, 1864, I have the honor to report, the following as the operations of this regiment from May 3 to July 31, 1864:

First. the regiment crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford the morning of May 4, with 13 officers and 182 men; participated in the battles of the Wilderness, May 6, sustaining a loss of 76 men killed, wounded, and missing. May 8, marched to Todd's Tavern. May 9, crossed the Po River; was attacked by the enemy may 10, and after a desperate fight fell back across the river.

Second. During the night of May 11 left our position on the north side of the Po, moved to the extreme left of the line near Spotsylvania Court-House, participated in the charges of May 12 and 18.

Third. May 20, marched to the North Anna River; remained here until the morning of May 27, and no engagement at this point.

Fourth. Crossed the Pamunkey May 28, and were engaged, May 31, in an attempt to advance our lines at Totopotomoy, sustaining a loss of 2 men killed and 4 wounded. Marched to Cold Harbor the night of June 1. Our losses at this place, 1 officer killed and 2 men wounded.*

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN B. GEDDIS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-GeneraL.

Numbers 41. Report of Brigadier General John R. Broke, U. S. Army, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., November 1, 1865.

SIR: my command (Fourth Brigade, First Division), consisting of Fifth-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel R. McMicheal; One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel H. L. Brown; One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel James A. Beaver; Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, major Bradley; Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Hammell; second Delaware Volunteers, Colonel W. P. Baily, in all 3,200 officers and men, marched at 12 o'clock midnight, May 3, 1864, in obedience to orders received that day, for Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan River, being the leading brigade of the corps. Arrived in sight of the river at 5.25 a. m. of the 4th instant, immediately com-

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

