
menced crossing the river (Gregg's division of cavalry in the advance) on pontoons, and formed on the hills on the south side of the river; at about 8 a. m. marched on the direct road to Chancellorsville, arriving there about 9.30 a. m., and went into position, covering the Fredericksburg road; camped for the night. received orders from Brigadier-General Barlow-commanding division, to remain at this point until after the trains of the corps should take the road on the 5th instant to move as rear to the corps toward Shady Grove Church. Marched at 10 a. m. the 5th instant, and proceeded as far as the Catharpin Furnaces, where I was met by order from division headquarters to halt and cover the trains, which were being parked; went into position and remained until 4 p. m., when I was ordered to proceed by a road through the woods toward the intersection of the Brock road with the Orange plank road. Reached the Brock road about 5.30 p. m., after a tedious march over a faint track through a dense thicket. Hearing heavy firing at 4.30 p. m., i made all possible executions to hasten the march. Having reached the Brock road, I was ordered into position on the left of the First Division, and throwing a strong line of skirmishers to the front, I commenced strengthening the position by throwing up slight breast-works. During all this time the battle was raging in the vicinity of the intersection of the Brock and plank roads to our right. Our line ran parallel to the Brock road. At about 6.45 p. m. I received orders to move rapidly by the right flank. After moving a half mile I met General Barlow, who directed me to send two regiments to support the Second Brigade (Smyth's) then engaged in my immediate front. I sent the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, of the Sixty-sixth New York. These regiment moved up and formed on the left of Smyth's line, and at nearly a right anger to it. I was then ordered in with the rest of my brigade, four regiment, to support the First Brigade (Miles'), which was then formed on the left of Colonel Hammell's command. It was by this time quite dark, and very difficult to pass thought the dense thicket of the Wilderness. At about 9 p. m. I found Miles' brigade and formed my troops in support, leaving Colonel Beaver's regiment, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the extreme left, where I had sent it when the movement began. The loss of the Sixty-fourth and Sixth-sixth new York Volunteers was considerable in this part of the fight. I remained in this position until about 3 a. m. of the 6th instant, when I retired to the Brock road by General Barlow's orders (leaving a strong skirmish line at our advanced position), and occupied a line of works thrown up by the pioneers. Formed in two lines; first line consisted of One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Sixth-fourth and Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers; second, of One hundred and forty-fifth and Fifth-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and Second Delaware volunteers. Remained in this position until 9 a. m., when I was ordered to move with my brigade and a section of artillery (Hunt's) of Arnold's (Rhode Island) battery, down the Brock road about 1 1\2 miles, and repel any attempt by the enemy to come up the road. I found the Eighty-first Pennsylvania (Colonel McKneen) in position at this point. I at once strengthened the position with slight breast-works, and placed the artillery to cover the road. At 10 a. m. Colonel Coulter, with part of a brigade of the Fifth Corps, reported to me. I had sent scouts to the front, and could discover no enemy. I reported this to General barlow at 10

