
a. m., and received orders tom rejoin the division, which I did, leaving Colonel McKeen to hold the road. I formed in my former position, as before given, at 12m. About 4.30 p. m. a heavy assault was made by the enemy on our right near the plank road. General Gibbon directed me at about 5 p. m. to move with that part of my brigade in the second line to the assistance of Mott's division. Moving with my left along the works, and my line perpendicular to them, I reached General Mott's line in time to see it leave the works (which were of fire in many place) and the enemy plant their colors on them. I at once charged front to the left, and charging drove the enemy from our front. I then had the fire put out, and held the position until relieved by Owen's brigade, of the Second Division. I then returned to my former position in the line of the First Division. My loss during this short engagement wa very slight. My command was not again engaged on this day. On the 7th instant, with the exception of sharp skirmishing on our front, nothing occurred of importance. On the 8th instant marched with the corps to Toldd's Tavern, forming line parallel to Brock road on left of the Third Brigade skirmishers to the front. At 5.30 p. m. the enemy attacked Miles' brigade near Corbin's Brigade. general Barlow ordered me to be ready to support Miles if necessary. On the 9th instant, at 4.30 a. m., heaving sent scouts out in my front, I found no enemy, and reported this to General Barlow. At 12 m. marched down Spotsylvania Court-House road about 1 mile, then by a wood road to the right toward the Po River. At about 2 p. m., having been ordered to annoy the enemy's train, which was passing on the opposite side of the Po, I moved out with regiment and a section of the Po, I moved out with two regiment and a section of Arnold's artillery, shelled the train, compelling it to take another road. At 5. m. was ordered by General to cross the Po and take possession of the Block house road. After crossing the river, which was 1 1\2 feet deep. I met considerable opposition from some cavalry and horse artillery, but succeeded in occupying the road with slight loss. Camped for the night near the intersection of Block house road and Glady Run road. On the 10th instant, at about 10 a. m., General Barlow order me to move down the Po and cross a portion of my command to feel the enemy in that direction. I sent Colonel Hammell with the Sixty-sixth New York across, and driving in the skirmish line found a strong line of works filled with men, and with several pieces of artillery. I reported this to General Barlow, who directed me to withdraw and oppose the advance of Heth's (rebel) division, which was crossing Glady Run, and threatening our right. In obedience to these orders, I formed on the left of the Third Brigade about 100 paces from and parallel to the Block house road, and awaited the attack.

At 2.30 p. m. Heth attacked vigorously and was repulsed with loss. He rallied and was again repulsed. He came up the third time in column and was driven from the field with heavy loss. I then received the order from General Barlow to retire to the opposite or left bank of the Po, which I at once commenced. After having of left bank of the Po, I was informed that one gun of Arnold's battery was wedged between two trees, and could not be extricated. I immediately halted and directed every effort to be made to being it off, and rode in that direction myself, when I met Captain Arnold, who informed me that it was impossible to save the piece. I then continued retiring, and without further annoyance reached the left bank of the Po. My loss in this action was very

