
heavy being the first of importance in which this brigade was engaged in this campaign, and the first in which most 5 of the men were ever in.

The officers and men behaved with great gallantry. I would particularly mention Colonel james. A. Beavor, One hundred and forty eighth Pennsylvania, whose regiment occupied the right of my line and the most exposed position, for his great gallantry and the masterly manner in which he extricated his regiment from the burning woods (which were set on fire by some means during the action). Durring the latter of the action this regiment had to contend with the enemy in front and the burning timber in the rear, and at its close were compelled to retire through the fire to the opposite or left of the Po, there being no other path left open. Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, Sixty-sixth New York, for the able and gallant manner in which he executed the difficult and dangerous reconnaissance of the morning, deserves special mention. Lieutenant-Colonel Stricker, Second Dealaware Volunteers (in command of the Fifth-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to which regiment I had assigned him on the night of the 9th), deserves great for the gallant and soldiery manner in which he fought his regiment, To Colonel Beaver, Lieutenant-Colonel Stricker, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell I am desirous of calling the attention of the general commanding.

In retiring to the Po my command crossed a wide plain, swept by the enemy's artillery and infantry from the front and left flank, but notwithstanding the enemy and the burning forest, we retired with a scarcely perceptible break in our lines. Many of the gallant wounded perished in the flames. After arriving on the north side of the Po my brigade was placed in position to cover the place of crossing, with Smyth's brigade on my left and Brown's on my right. In this position we constructed slight works or rails and earth.

While here the enemy attempted to bring a battery across the plain before spoken of on the south side of the river and place it in position, but Arnold's battery soon sent it flying back with the loss of one or two caissons. After this nothing occurred of importance, except attempts of the enemy to cross their skirmishers on the 11th instant, which was defeated by the Sixty-fourth New York, then posted along the north bank of the stream. Thus passed the 11th of May as far as my brigade is concerned. About 9 p. m. of this day (11th May) General Barlow sent for me and informed me of an attack to be made by the Second Corps on the enemy's works on the left of the Sixth Corps, which was to take place at 4 a. m. on the following morning, and that our division would march for that point at once. At about after a tedious march of about three hours' duration, we reached the point of attack, and formed in line of masses in the following order: Miles' brigade (First) and mine (Fourth) being in the front line in mass, and Smyth's and Brown's in our rear in two lines. The Second Delaware Volunteers was placed on my left flank, with orders to march by the and resist any attempt the enemy might make to turn our left. The Sixty-sixth New York (Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell) was sent forward as skirmishers (with the men deployed at 1 pace interval) to dislodge the enemy's skirmishers, and to keep not more than 30 yards in advance of the column. The pioneers of the brigade were placed at intervals along the front of the column to clear away the abatis. This the

