
formation prescribed by General Barlow, at 4.35 a. m. the order to advance was given, and the division moved forward steadily in one immense mass. About 100 yards from the enemy' sine of works we ran over and captured their skirmishers, who surrendered without much resistance, and without firing but one shot that I head. Thus far the path lay, first, thought a slight thicket, then over an open field with a slight ascent, the extreme left through a forest of tall pines (which, however, did not obstruct the march in any material manner), then down a gradual declivity to within 50 yards of the works, then up a sharp ascent for that distance. The face of this last ascent was covered by an abatis, through which it was very difficult to effect a passage. The enemy was apprised of the attack by cheers of some passage. The enemy was apprised of the attack by cheeks of some new troops in the division as we swept over and down the last descent, and opened a terrific fire of artillery and musketry upon us, notwithstanding which our brave men marched on, and dragging away the abatis to effect a passage poured in one irresistible mass upon them, and after a shaft fight killed and captured nearly all who occupied the works. Those who still resisted were driven in confusion. Never during the war have I seen such desperate fighting The bayonet was freely used on both sides, the enemy fought desperately, and nothing but the formation of our attack and the desperate valor of our troops could have carried the point. Not a shot of my brigade struck the works about 40 yards to the right of the Angle, thus giving us a great advantage, in sweeping down the line to our left of the Angle. After crossing the first I pushed forward in pursuit of the flying enemy. After proceeding about 500 yards, I encountered a second line of works with a marsh in its front. Owing to the disorganization of my command I could not make a determined attack on this line. The enemy came out in strong force, when I retired, fighting to the line already captured, where I found a large number of the Third Division, who seemed to be engaged in gathering spoils, and could note made available for the defense of this line, through there were many gallant men among them who did their duty bravely, conspicuous among whom was Major Duff, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who, with a portion of his regiment, did good service at this time. I held them (the enemy) in check until the arrival of part of Carroll's brigade, of the Second Division, when the enemy ceased, for short time, any determined effort this part of the line. Up to this time many prisoners were taken, among them Major-General Johnston and Brigadier-General Steuart, of the rebel service, who surrendered to officers of my command, General Steuart to Colonel Beaver. On the part of the line entered by my brigade I could sixteen pieces of artillery. Owing to the fact that the First (Barlow's) Division did not stop to pick up the colors taken, or care for them in any way, while the enemy were in their front, we cannot show as great an array of such trophies as those who gathered what others won.

At about 7 a. m. I was directed by General Barlow to withdraw my brigade from the confused mass of men, and reorganize as rapidly as possible; also to replenish my ammunition, which was by this time exhausted. I commenced forming the regiments under cover near the Landrun house. I had succeeded in collecting about 1,000 men (this about 8 a. m.), when General Hancock in person directed me to move to the right and report to General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, for the purpose of supporting the right of that

