
corps, at the same time telling me I was not to go into battle except to save the day, sending at the same time Major Bingham of his staff to report my movement to general Wright. i moved at once, and marching about 1 mile across an open plain and through a dense copse of pine, i found the right of the Sight Corps (General Wheaton's command), and formed my brigade to support that part of the line. in now commenced raining heavily, making it exceedingly difficult to preserve the ammunition. After lying in this position for nearly an hour, General Wheaton came to me and ordered I repeated the orders of general Hancock; notwithstanding which, and the fact that two lines of his own corps were then lying in my front and between my command and the enemy, he peremptorily order me in. I obeyed, passing over two lines of the Sixth Corps, which were lying on their bellies in my front, and reaching the front line relieved it. I continued fighting in this position until I had exhausted my ammunition, when some of my men came back to the two lines lying in their rear, and with their caps and gum blankets carried ammunition, received from the cartridge-boxes of these two lines, with which to continue the fight. Ascertaining this, I directed such proceedings to seas, and finding General Wheaton, I informed him that my ammunition was entirely exhausted, and that other troops would be necessary to hold the line, soon after which a line was advanced to relieve mine. I then retired, and marched back, reporting the fact herein stated to Major-General Hancock. Among those present at the conversation between General Wheaton and myself were Colonel Beaver, one hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, Sixty-sixth New York, and Lieutenant Smith, of my staff. I was then directed to resume my position in the line of the First Division, where, with the expedition of heavy skirmishing, nothing of interest occurred. My loss during the day was very heavy.

On the 13th, with the exception of skirmishing on the front, no fighting occurred; the brigade occupied all day in cleaning arms and replenishing with rations and ammunition. Nothing but skirmishing and artillery firing occurred to-day (14th. At 4 a. m. on the 15th marched, in pursuance with orders received, with the column to near the Harris house, on Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road, where we massed. No movement on the 16th instant. At dark on the 17th instant, in accordance with orders, marched with the division, being the head of the column, to the field of the 12th instant, near the Landrum house, and massed. At 4.10 a. m. moved forward in support of Second and Third Brigades, which were ordered to attack the enemy. occupied the position taken on the 12th, and remained here. No fighting done by my brigade, through exposed to a heavy artillery t=fire throughout the day, losing heavily in officers a heavy artillery tire throughout the day, losing heavily in officers and men. The assault made on our part of the line not successful. At about 10 p. m. marched with the division to near Anderson's Mill on the Ny River, and encamped. At 6 p. m. on the 19th moved with the division, hastily, to the assistance of Tyler's division, then heavily engaged on the Fredericksburg road; before reaching the field orders were received to go back to our encampment, the action being over and the enemy being defeated. At daylight on the 20th were under arms for any emergency, but no movement was made until 11 p. m., when I was ordered to march at once, and (being the leading brigade of the division) following Lieutenant-Colonel Norgan, chief of staff to General Hancock, gilding the movements.

