
General Barlow passed Massapony [Massaponax] Church, and near Guiney's Station, on Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, where, about 5 a. m. of 21st instant, skirmishing was heard between our cavalry and the enemy. The column halted for a shot time, but soon marched again, reaching Bowling Green and 10 a. m., cavalry still in advance. The cavalry reached Milford at about 1030 a. m. They had a slight skirmish and captured some prisoners. Reached Milford at about 11 a. m. and immediately commenced crossing on the bridge and a at a ford a few hundred yards above the bridge, and forming my brigade skirmishers, I was ordered by General Barlow to push forward and occupy the crest of hills beyond the ford and bridge. After the corps came up I was directed to assemble my men and post them as a reserve to First Division, which them occupied the extreme right, which I accomplished by about 2.30 p. m.

One the 22nd instant no movement except a reconnaissance made by Colonel Beaver, with his regiment, in obedience to the orders of General Barlow. No enemy could be discovered. On the morning of the 23rd installant marched with the division in the direction of the North Anna River, arriving on its bank about 3 p. m. Found General Birney's division engaged with the enemy; formed on the right of the division, connecting with left of General Birney; they up slight breast-works and remained during the night. About 11 a. m., on the 24th, commanded crossing on a pontoon bridge below the railroad bridge, and formed line under the crest on the right of the railroad, connecting with McKeen's brigade,of Gibbon's division, on the left, and with Birney's division on the right; threw skirmishers to the front. Soon after received orders from General-fourth and Sixty-sixth New York, under Colonel O. H. Morris, of the Sixth-sixth, to do so, at the same time morning the brigade forward in support. After a stubborn resistance succeeded in driving the enemy's skirmishers under cover of their works, which, upon a close inspection, I found to be very strong, and field with infantry and artillery. I so reported to General barlow, who ordered me to attack at once. i at once moved forward with the left of the line on the railroad, but a heavy rain coming up the order was countermanded and all firing ceased at dark artillery firing, nothing of importance occurred.

Brown's battery reported to me at an early hour,and was placed in the line of works thrown up last night.

The 26th passed as the 25th. At dark received orders to recross the North Anna at once; sent Brown's battery to the rear at once and prepared to march. About 11 p. m. movement commenced, reaching north side about 3 a. m. of the 27th, and about 10 a. m. marched with the division in the direction of Hanovertown, and about 11 p. m. encamped. At sunrise of the 28th marched for the Pamunkey River, which was crossed about 2 p. m. Formed line on left of Gibbon's division, with my right connecting with his left; threw up slight works parallel with the Richmond road. While our troops were crossing, the cavalry had a heavy skirmish with the enemy at Salem Church. On the 29th of May I was ordered to make a reconnaissance on a road leading toward Hanover Court-House; marched about 12m., a section of battery accompanying the brigade. After moving about 3 miles I encounter a small body of cavalry, who field. Reaching the Hanover Court-House and Richmond road, I sent a body of men toward Hanover Court-House to

