
communicate with the Sixth Corps, at the same time sending the One hundred and forty-eight Pennsylvania (Colonel Beaver) to the left to communicate to general Barlow who had taken a road parallel to the road I had marched on). Finding the Sixth Corps on my right, I reported the fact to general Barlow, who directed me to march my command down the Richmond road and join the division, which i succeeded in doing about dark and went into camp.

At daylight on the 30th General Barlow directed me to drive the enemy's skirmishers beyond the Totopomoy. While examining the enemy's line I was joined by General Barlow, who directed me to turn the enemy's left, which I succeeded in doing, driving them across the creek with considerable loss, and occupying their line. General Owen's brigade, of Second Division, relieved me in this position, when I rejoined the division and soon after relieved the Second Brigade (Colonel Byrnes), which occupied a line parallel to the Totopotomoy. I here threw up a line of slight weeks connecting on the right with Miles' brigade and with McKeen's (Second Division) on my left. The Seventh New York Heavy Artillery (Colonel Morris commanding) reported to me this a. m. About 7.30 p. m. I received orders from general commanding division to attack the enemy in my front at once. I immediately ordered Colonel Morris, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, to attack with his regiment, and moved the remainder of the brigade forward in support. Colonel Morris moved down the slope in his front, crossed the stream, and assailed the enemy's strongly entrenched skirmish line, which, after a hard fight, was carried. The creek at this point had perpendicular banks 4 1\2 to 6 feet, and water about 1 foot deep, which greatly impeded the advancing line. By this time it was quite dark, and orders were received countermanding the attack and directing me to return to my former position, which I accomplished about 3 a. m. of the 31st instant, leaving a strong skirmish line to hold this point. In this engagement the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery lost heavily. On the 31st instant, about 11 a. m., General Barlow ordered me to reoccupy the line taken the night before, and connect with the right of General Givon's division; also to support any movement made by him (General Gibbon); nothing occurred during the day on my front but sharp skirmishing.

June 1 passed with no movement on my front. The assault by General Gibbon proved unsuccessful, and as that part of the line with which I was connected did not move, and receiving no orders or instructions from him to do so, through I had reported to him (im accordance with General Barlow's instructions) what my orders were, and the position I occupied, he saying "all right," of words to that effect, I took no part in the assault, except by advancing my skirmishers to cover the right of his, and having my troops ready awaiting his orders, which did not come. The position of the enemy I ascertained to be very strong, with an open field and a dense undergrowth of pine in their front. At dark on the 1st of June I received orders to march at once. I moved my brigade at once and joined the division on the road to haw's Shop, and at 8 a. m. reached Cold Harbor. After resting about three hours, my brigade was placed in position on the left of the Second Division, In an undergrowth of pine, and ordered to intrench, which I did. At the same time I ordered Colonel Beaver, whose regiment was deployed as skirmishers, to drive the enemy into his works, if possible, and about 4 p. m., hearing firing on our left, I ordered him to make a

