
strong attack, which proved successful. A short time after Gregg's division of cavalry came in sight in all detached parties of the enemy. At dark the enemy were confined to their works. at 12 o'clock (midnight) I received orders to attack the works in my front at 4.30 a. m. June 3, I moved by brigade out and formed in the place selected in the following order. Seventh New York Heavy Artillery (Colonel Morris), in first line; One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania (Colonel Beaver), Fifty third Pennsylvania (Captain Dimm), One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania (Colonel H. L. Brown), Second Deleaware (Major McCullough), Sixty-fourth and Sixty-sixth New York (Colonel O. H. Morris), in the second line. One-halt of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania, under Major Forester, was deployed as skirmishers. I directed Major Forester, to fall back and occupy the position he then held, as soon as he had driven in the enemy's outposts. These instructions being given and the troops formed, we awaited the hour of attack. At precisely 4.30 a. m. I gave the order to advance. Colonel Morris moved his regiment, 1,600 strong, forward at once, and after terrific fighting occupied the enemy's works, capturing about 300 prisoners, 1 colonel, and color, and a battery of 4 guns. The enemy brought up their reserves and a battery of 4 guns. The enemy brought up their reserve and attacked Colonel Morris in this his position with great vigor. I now moved the second line of my brigade, and when near the position occupied by the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, I was wounded and carried from the field insensible. Up to the time I was wounded the assault was successful, and had I been able to keep the field for a shot time longer, I am confident the enemy could not have regained their works.

In this battle, and before I was wounded, the officers behaved with a steadiness and gallantry seldom witnessed, and I have learned since that after I was wounded, and the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery were driven back (which occurred a few moments after I was wounded), and before the second line could reach their position, the whole command made three desperate efforts to retake the works and fanlight in this they threw up a line of works (under the terrible fire of the enemy, which part of them returned, while the others worked) within a few yards of the enemy's line. All losses during the campaign were promptly reported at the close of each action.

I cannot speak too highly of the services of Colonel H. L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers (who was assigned to command of Third Brigade on 10th of May), while under my command. Colonel James A. Beaver distinguished himself on every occasion, but most particularly at the battle of the Po. May 10, and Spotsylvania, May 12. Colonel O. H. Morris, Sixty-sixth New York, also by his bravery and skill contributed in many instances to success. I regret to record his death on the morning of June 3. He fell at the head of his command. To Lieutenant-Colonel Stricket, Second Delaware Volunteers, who fell at Spotsylvania May 12, belong all honor and respect. Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Hammell, Sixty-Sixth New York, deserves especial mention for gallant and conspicuous conduct on all occasions. Lieutenant Colonel George A. Fairlamb, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded and captured while gallantly fighting at Spotsylvania, on the 12th May.

I would respectfully ask the notice of the major-general commanding in the case of Captain Brady, Sixty-third New York, of my staff, who during the entire campaign conducted himself in the most

