
praiseworthy manner: also Lieutenant C. F. Smith, Fifth-third Pennsylvania, Captain H. J. Smith, and Lieutenant Charles P. Hatch, deserve consideration for the gallant and faithful manner in which they conducted themselves.

The loss of the notes taken during the campaign (which were captured by the enemy with the staff officers who had them in charge) prevented me making an earlier an earlier report of the operations of the first part of the campaign of 1864. Their recovery at this late date enables me to make this report from them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., March 8, 1866.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Meade, late commander of the Army of the Potomac.

General Broke, in describing the operations of his command, does not in some instances coincide with my own reports of the same action, and I cannot, therefore, approve his report throughout, but he is an officer of such high rank and reputation that whatever he asserts deserve consideration. He gives his reasons within for his long delay in forwarding the report to me.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Mid. Mil. Dept.

Numbers 42. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Williams Glenny, Sixth-fourth New York Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, 1ST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,September 13, 1864

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, of August 5, 1864, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this command from May 3 to July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3, 1864, the Fourth Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, command by Co. J. R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, consisting of the Fifty-third, One hundred and forty-fifth, One hundred and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania, Second Delaware, and Sixty-fourth and Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, received orders to preparate to move, and, in compliance with a subsequent order, broke camp near Stevensburg, va., at 11 p. m., and took up the line of march toward the Rapidan on the road leading to Ely's Ford; this command being the advance of the infantry forces. The river was crossed at 6 a. m. of the 4th and the march

