
continued until the battle-field of Chancellorsville was reached. A line was formed by the brigade across the Chancellorsville and Fredericksburg road, and remained until the next day. At 10 a. m. of the 5th the command and two section of artillery, forming the rear guard for the corps, followed in the road leading to the Wilderness, and at 4 p. m. joined the rest of the division and were immediately right a short distance, and advanced in line of battle about one half a mile through a wood, but did not bring on a general engagement, and was withdrawn an night to the Brock river road, and occupied the breast-works. On the 6th the command was ordered as a reserve for the corps, and several times was in position, but did not become engaged. the movement which it made during the day were severe, and there determination exhibited by the men, many of whim were recruits was worthy of note.

During the 7th in lay in the rear of the breast-works, and in the morning of the 8th moved to Todd's tavern and formed on the right flank of the division, where in remained undisturbed until 1 p. m. of the 9th, when orders were received to advance, and 4 o'clock our lines were established near the Po. Skirmishers were sent out, and soon the brigade dashed across the river and advance under a fire from the rear guard of the enemy, and drove them them in haste before them, and pursuit was made a short distance, when night closed the actions of the day, and lines were established about a mile from the river. During the a. m. the 10th advance were made to the Ny, and some of my men thrown across the stream to find out the strength of the enemy, and, not obtaining a tenable position, were withdrawn. About 12 o'clock the brigade, with the rest of the division, was flanked, and, withdrawing to the open field, was formed and offered battle. The engagement became severe for an hour or more, and great determination was displayed by both sides. The lines of our men were unprotected, while the enemy had the breast works we abandoned. The wood and undergrowth took fire, and the command, in obedience to orders, fell back to the north side of the stream and entrenched. The loss in some regiment of the brigade was severe, and the dead and a few of the wounded fell into the hands of the enemy.

SECOND EPOCH.

In the night of the 11th the command was ordered to the front of the enemy's position near Spotsylvania, and at 2 a. m. of the 12th were closed en masse for a grand assault. This brigade was in the advance line on the left of the division, connecting on the right with First Brigade and support by the Second Brigade.

The charge was ordered at daylight, and the command entered the enemy's first line of works under a very heavy fire of musketry and artillery, where sixteen pieces of cannon were in position, capturing Major-General Johnston and Brigadier-General Steuart, a large number of prisoners, and four stand of colors. A portion of the command reach the second line, but being flanked fell back to the first line and formed behind the works. The brigade was shortly afterward relieved and ordered to report to the commanding general of the Sixth Corps, and became very heavy engaged until the ammunition was expended, and then being relieved returned to the left and took up position behind the breast-works.

