
It remained in this position until the 15th, when the whole division was ordered to the rear of the Ninth Corps.

17th, it was ordered a short distance top the left under cover of the woods, and night it, with the remained of the division, was ordered near its former position on the field on the 12th and awaited orders. Orders were received in the evening of the 18th to move to the rear of the Sixth Corps and was put on reserve, where it remained undisturbed till the night of the 20th.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 9 p. m. of the 20th brigade fell in and was ordered to lead the advance. Rapidly and cautiously it moved along, and passed Guiney's Station, through Bowling Green and by Milford Station,and crossed the Ny about 3 p. m. of the 21st and advance 2 miles from the river and was halted and order into camp. There was comparatively little resistance made to check the advancing column, and nothing to embarrass the grand flank movement of the Second Corps, 23d, it advanced to the North Anna and formed line and entrenched about one-half a mile from the river.

At 1 p. m. of the 24th it crossed the stream at Chesterfield Ford, and formed under cover by the brow of a hill, and at 5 p. m. was order to storm the enemy's works on the right of the railroad and advance close to the position under a terrific fire of artillery, and any further charge deferred. Breast-works were built and the command remained in the position unengaged until the night of the 26th, when it was ordered to recross the river and take up position in the works occupied prior to the crossing of the river.

FOURTH EPOCH.

In the morning of the 27th the brigade resumed the line of march, and at 1 p. m. of the 28th crossed the Pamunkey and formed and fortified 2 miles from the river. Orders were received for the brigade to take the advance at 12 o'clock of the 29th and find the whereabouts of the enemy. In advance about 4 miles, and with 1 mile of the Totopotomoy, and again interned. The Seventh New York Heavy Artillery was here assigned to the brigade. At 7 p. m. of the 30th an attack was ordered and the enemy were driven to the creek and our lines established.

In the evening of the 31st another advance was ordered and my line extended across the Totopotomoy. The command was withdrawn in the night of June 1, and at 10 a. m. of the 2nd reached the vicinity of Cold Harbor, and at 2 p. m.a portion of the brigade relieved the skirmish line of the Sixth Corps and advance within a few hundred yards of the enemy's earth-works. A charge was made on the 3rd, in which the brigade participated, capturing a line of works, but the support failing to come up the enemy rallied and compelled the line to abandoned, our men falling back a very short distance, bringing off a few prisoners and a stand of colors. The commanding officer of the brigade, Colonel (now General) Broke, was seriously wounded, and the succeeding commandants, Colonels Morris of the Seventh New York Volunteers,* were wounded. Colonel Beaver, One hundred

---------------

* Heavy artillery.

27 R R-VOL, PT I

---------------

