
and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command, and the position was fortified and the brigade remained until the 12th.

The sharpshooters of the enemy were very severe on the command, particularly the officers while in this position, leaving the brigade very portly officer point of numbers.*]

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAMS GLENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

Numbers 43. Report of Major Edward A. Springsteed, Seventh new York Heavy Artillery.

Report of the part taken by the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery in the operations of they present campaign:

FIRST EPOCH.

This regiment left the defenses of Washington May 15, arriving o Spotsylvania at 1 a. m. on the 18th.

SECOND EPOCH.

At 7 a. m. the regiment marched across the River Ny to occupy a line of breast-works, and was present at the action fought that day.

At noon in recrossed the river and encamped in a pine wood.

At 7 p. m. on the 19th the regiment took part in an engagement fought at Bloody Point, where it made a charge upon the rebel lines and drove them from their position.

THIRD EPOCH.

one the 20th of May the regiment commenced a secret march at 11 p. m., reaching Milford Station in the afternoon of the following day, halted about 2 miles beyond there. Toward evening, the 22nd we started for the North Anna River, arriving there the following morning. The regiment acted as support in the capture of the enemy's tete-de-pont constructed to protected the Chesterfield bridge. It was present during the operations of the next two days, under fire of the enemy's shells the whole time. On the 24th the First Battalion tore up and destroyed 1,200 yards of the Richmond and Aquia Creek Railroad track, and on the 26th destroyed Chesterfield bridge.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27, started upon the marched to Pamunkey River, arriving there the afternoon of the following day, and encamped about 3 miles beyond the river. Here we halted and bivouacked till the evening of

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

