
the 29th, when we resumed our journey. Arriving at Totopotomoy on the 30th, at 9 a. m., we charged the enemy's works and drove them from their position, which we held until daylight, when we retired.

June 1, after dark the regiment drew off quietly and marched to Cold Harbor, arriving there about 4 p. m. the following day. In the morning we charged the enemy's works, which we carried, capturing 280 prisoners. Our support failing to come up we were pressed back by the rebels with serious loss. Lay at Cold Harbor until the 22th, exposed to destructive skirmish fire, when we abandoned the place and made a flank movement upon Petersburg.*

E. A. SPRINGSTEED,

Major Seventh new York Artillery, Commanding.

[Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 44. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command. Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, broke camp with the brigade on the night of the 3rd of May, and marched to the Rapidan River. Crossed at Ely's Ford 4 a. m. on the morning of the 4th and marched to the old battle-field of Chancellorsville and encamped for the night. On the morning of the 5th resumed the marched as train guard. Was in the engagements in the Wilderness of the 5th, 6th, and 7th. One the morning of the 8th took up line of march toward Spotsylvania.

SECOND EPOCH.

Arrived near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., during the 8th, and threw up breast-works. On the morning of the 9th crossed Po River and remained over night. On the morning of the 10th was deployed as skirmishers and engaged the enemy with heavy loss. We were relieved at 11 p. m. and marched toward the left. Was in the charge of May 12 and captured 2 stand of colors. From the 12th to the 18th remained in the works, all being comparatively quiet.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the 22nd of May we marched to Bowling Green and across the Mattapony. Arrived at and crossed the North Anna on the 24th. On the 27th moved toward the Pamunkey. Crossed on the 28th and built breast-works. Advanced on the 29th, and 30th deployed as skirmishers, and on the 31st built breast-works.

---------------

* For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

