
FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 1st day of June commenced our line of marched for Cold Harbor. On the 3rd, was engaged in the battle and charge on the enemy's works and remained in the front line until the 13th, when we marched to the Chickahominy.*

WILLIAM GLENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 45. Report of Lieutenant Simon Pincus, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the report of operations from May 3, 1864, to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

I have the honor to report that the Sixth-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, received orders to break camp May 3 and be ready to march.

This command crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford May 4 at daylight and arrived at Chancellorsville, which place we reached near sundown. A picket was immediately detailed from the regiment, under the command of Captain Gosse, commanding, Company E which was relieved at daylight May 5.

Then we continued our march toward the Wilderness, which place we reached at dusk, and were immediately deployed in line of battle in the woods on the right of the Third Brigade. The line was scarcely formed when the rebels came marching by the flank in front of my regiment, distant about 10 paces. It being dark, they were at first taken for friends, but the illusion was soon dispelled, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell gave the order to fire, which order was promptly expected with fatal effect. it proved to be the Seventh North Carolina, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Davidson, who was captured by Second Lieutenant Newman Burchardt. Several other commissioned officers and privates were taken at the same time. The rebels again advanced in line of battle, but after three rounds had been fired the rebel line broke and fled, leaving their wounded and dead on the field. The loss of the regiment was light. We were relieved at midnight and went to the rear and bivouacked on the Spotsylvania road behind the breast-works.

may 7, we marched about 2 miles to the left and formed in line of battle, after which we threw up breast-works. At this time firing ion the picket-line was rapid and continuous. The regiment was ordered by Colonel Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, to process at once to support the skirmish line and remained until next morning, when we were relieved.

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

