
SECOND EPOCH.

May 9. we marched to without about 2 miles of the Brock river road and bivouacked for the night.

Early next morning (May 10) we marched to the banks of the Po River and were immediately deployed as skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, and were ordered to cross the Po River and push back the enemy's skirmishers so as to develop the enemy's strength. The men crossed the river with cheers under a heavy fire of musketry, grape, and canister, and drove the enemy's skirmishers back to their line of battle, which was strongly posted on a rise of ground some 400 yards from the river. The skirmish line was immediately ordered to recross the river, which was done without any confusion, and were relieved and sent to the brigade. At this time enemy were pressing our right flank and were soon forced to fall back some distance, when we received the order to march by the right flank. After going down some 300 or 400 yards we were ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell to move by the left flank and press back the enemy's line. The enemy soon struck both our flanks. We fired one volley and had to break to save the command from being captured. the regiment reformed on the left of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, when the brigade again advance in line of battle to the edge of the woods at right angles with the river road. The enemy at this time were steadily advancing and soon were within 150 yards of our line of battle when the orders were given to fire, which order was promptly obeyed.

The men were cool and collected; the firing was rapid and continuous. The woods at this time took fire, and we were ordered to full back behind our batteries, which order was promptly obeyed. The firing from the enemy's battery on our left flank at this time was severe and completely enfiladed the line, causing a momentary confusion. By the coolness and undaunted bravery of Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell the line was soon reformed and the regiment was ordered on picket and was relieved at midnight.

May 11, the regiment rested behind the breast-works, and at dusk moved off with the brigade to left of the Sixth Corps and were massed close column by division near the picket-line.

May 12, at 3.45 a. m., we were ordered to fall in and were immediately deployed in front of the Fourth Brigade as skirmishers at 2 paces interval. At 4.30 the word was given to advance. The enemy's picket-line was soon reached, which gave way without scarcely firing a shot. At this time Colonel Brooke gave the command "Forward at a double-quick," which order was promptly obeyed, and with one continuous cheer the men pressed forward and soon the enemy's line of works was ours in common with the rest of the Second Corps., About 10 a. m. the Fourth Brigade was ordered to report to general Wright, commanding the Sixth Corps. The rain at this time was pouring down in torrents. We then moved by the right flank about 1 mile, and then by the left flank within a short distance of the enemy's works, when we halted and laid down. At 1 p. m. the ordered came for the brigade to advance, which ordered was promptly obeyed by the brigade, this regiment forming on the extreme right of the line. We passed over one line of battle of the Second Division, of the Sixth Corps, and we were soon without about 200 yards of the enemy's works. Here the command fired 50 rounds of ammunition, with what effect is not known. We were then re-

