
lived from the Sixth Corps and ordered back to where we properly belonged. The command was immediately supplied with ammunition and ordered to the extreme left of the corps, where we immediately threw up a line of breast-works connecting with the Ninth Army Corps. our loss during the day was heavy. We remained there until the evening of the 14th, when we were relieved and sent to the rear, where we remained the regiment the evening, he being relieved Colonel Orlando H. Morris rejoined the regiment, he being relieved from recruiting service in New York, when we moved to the right and were massed close column by division. At daylight we were deployed in line of battle and moved off by the right flank and formed on the right of the Ninth Army Corps, where we remained during the day. About dusk we were ordered to the left and bivouacked in the rear of the Fifth Army Corps, where we remained until the 18th of May.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the evening of May 18 the command, in common with rest of the corps, moved to the right flank and rear of the enemy's position at Spotsylvania Court-House, crossing the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, near Guiney's Station, passing through Bowling Green at 12 m. and Milford at 2 p. m . We halted at the junction of the Mattapony and Pole Cat Rivers for and hour, when Lieutenant Colonel Hammell was ordered to deployed his command as skirmishers and wade the Mattapony River. At 4 p. m. the skirmish line was relieved and ordered to report back to the Fourth Brigade and went into camp, where we staid until the morning of the 20th. About 8 a. m. we moved forward. The day was very hot, and there were a great many cases of sunstroke. nothing of note occurred until we crossed the North Anna, and a detail of 2 officers and 18 men was sent to strengthen the skirmish line, where there was some sharp firing. Toward evening the rest of the regiment was sent on the line, holding one company in reserve, where we remained until next morning when relieved, having lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded. At 1 a. m. next morning we silently recrossed the river and bivouacked in the woods. At 10 a. m. we recrossed our march toward t Pamunkey, and bivouacked in a field until next morning. We finally reached the Pamunkey at noon.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Crossed the river and halted about a mile on the other side and threw up breast-works, where we remained until 10 a. m. next morning, and moved off again.

About noon the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and moved forward, driving in the rebel cavalry. We were drawn in at dark.

Next morning at 4 a. m. the regiment was again ordered out, moved to the left of where the brigade was encamped, and halted at Washington Jones' house. The rebel rifle-pits were within 100 yards of the house, and about a quarter of a mile from the Totopotomoy. The Sixty-fourth Regiment was sent to our support. After waiting about two hours General barlow and Colonel Brooke came to us. General barlow ordered the rifle-pits to be carried. Colonel Morris gave the order "Forward," which we promptly did carried the works and chased the enemy across the creek, with scarcely any loss,

