
thereby gaining a very good position. We were drawn in at 4 p. m. to join the brigade. At dark we threw up breast-works, which were finished before morning. We stated behind the works until evening, when we crossed the Totopotomoy and again threw up works; remained behind them all day. About 9 p. m. we recrossed the creel and moved toward Cold Harbor, which we reached at noon of the 2nd June. About 2 p. mn. we threw up breast-works. At daybreak next day, June 3, we were moved behind the skirmish line and advanced on the enemy's works and took them, when the enemy charged and retook their works. The regiment lost considerably in killed and wounded, among the number was Colonel Morris, who was instantly killed. We fell back to a position in advance of where our skirmishers we entrenched. Nothing of consequence occurred until the 12th. The regiment lost about 12 men from the enemy's sharpshooters from the 3rd until 12th, 1864.*

Very respectfully,

S. PINCUS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant D. S. FOUSE,

Acting Assistant-General.

Numbers 46. Report of Captain James Patton, Fifth-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Petersburg, va., August 7, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of their command from the crossing of the Rapidan May 4, 1864, to July 30, 1864;

FIRST EPOCH.

The crossing of the Rapidan and the battle of the Wilderness.

On the 3rd of May, near midnight, was ordered to march from camp near Stevensburgh, Va.; march all night and crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford at 6 a. m. on the 4th. After crossing the river, marched about 10 miles and camped on the old battle-field of Chancellorsville. At 10 a. m. of the 5th my command constituted part of the rear guard for the wagon train; marched 3 miles and formed line of battle and sent out skirmishers. Soon after we marched on and joined the remained of the division, when we formed line of battle in rear of breast-works, and remained in that position all night. On the 6th left rifle-pits at 10 a. m., and marched nearly 2 miles and took up a position on the flank in a wood and built breastworks. At 2 p. m. marched back to our former position, and formed line of battle in rear of One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and on the left of One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol.. Xl, Part I.

---------------

