
Volunteers. I was then ordered by Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade, to move to the right, and after moving about 1 1\2 miles, I was ordered forward into the front line of works, relieving the Nineteenth Maine Regiment. I was soon after relieved by a portion of General Mott's command, and resumed my former position in rear of One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. I received orders to march to the left and report to Colonel Miles, commanding First Brigade; remaining under his command all night. At 5 a. m. May 7, was ordered by Colonel Miles to relieve the Sixth-first new York, and strengthen the line of works between two section of Battery G, first New York Artillery. Laid in breast-works until 6 p. m., when I was ordered by General Barlow to join my brigade, which I did, and took up a position in the breast-works. marched at 6 a. m. May 8 moving left in front and following Sixty-fourth New York. Marched about 4 miles to Todd's Tavern, and formed line of battle to the right of a road, where I remained until 6 p. m., when fright commenced some distance on my left. I was ordered to move to the left, and after moving a short distance, I was ordered to move back to my former position. At 6.30 a. m. the regiment moved forward into the breast-works, and formed on the left of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

At 12 m. on the 9th we marched about 3 miles to the left, and formed line of battle and began throwing up works. About 5 p. m. crossed the Po River, formed line on the right of the Sixty-fourth New York, and marched in line of battle about 1 mile. Then moved by the left flank a short distance, and formed on the edge of a woods. At 76 p. m. moved about 1 mile to the left. On this day Lieutenant-Colonel McMicheal was relieved of command of the regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel D. L. Stricker, Second Delaware Volunteers, assigned to the command. bivouacked for the night.

At 8 a. m. 10 marched to the right, reaming two hours, and then marched back to the same position we held in the morning. At 11 a. m. again moved to the right. After going a short distance filed right into a woods and built breast-works. At 1 o'clock was again ordered to the position we held in the morning. Formed line of battle in a woods, when we were ordered to move forward down along the road and cross with the left of the regiment a deep ravine. The regiment then moved forward and occupied the crest of a hill in our front. The enemy opened upon us a severe musketry fire.

The fight continued for nearly an hour, when the thick undergrowth and fallen timber took fire and burned furiously. The fire compelled the regiment to fall back on the opposite side of the ravine, which was done in good order. Line was formed and remained for a shot time, when the regiment in accordance with the orders of Colonel Broke moved left in front and recrossed the Po River. bivouacked for the night about one-halt mile from the river, where I remained until 9 a. m. May 11, when I moved to the left about 4 miles. About 4 o'clock of May 12 the regiment was ordered forward to charge interched position of the enemy in our immediately front. Moved forward in good order to near the rebel position,

