
when we charged a double-quick and gallantry carried the rebel works, capturing many prisoners and cannon. Remainder in the works thus captured until about 8 a. m., when the regiment was relieved by a portion of the Sixth Corps. Soon after moved some distance to the right, where there was heavy fighting. At 11 a. m. we again moved forward into action, and were hotly engaged until noon, when the ammunition was all expended, and we were ordered to the rear. At 3 p. m. again moved to the front, threw up breast-works,and remainder all night.

May 13, advanced half a mile, formed line, and began constructing breast-works, remaining in the position until 7 p. m., May 14 when we were relieved by the Second Division Delaware Volunteers, and formed line in rear of One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the 15th moved about 2 miles to the left, and remained inactive until the 17th, when we marched and countermarched about 2 miles, occupying in the evening nearly the same position that the regiment was in on the 15th. one the 18th marched about 5 miles to the right,and remained in bivouac.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

At 11 p. m. May 20 took up the line of march, and passed through Bowling Green and Milford Station, bivouacking near the latter place. Remained until May 23, when we marched about 8 miles and halted on the banks of and North Anna. Formed line of battle in a dense wood and began constructing breast-works. on the 24th crossed the North Anna and formed line on the brow of a hill, and remained in the position until 5 p. m., when we moved forward about three-quarters of a mile, when the enemy began shelling our lines. There were no casualties.

Built breast-works and remained behind them until May 27, when the North Anna was recrossed.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including operations on Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

Ar 11 a. m. may 27 took up the line of march from the North Anna; marched 15 miles and bivouacked. Began marching at 6 a. m. on the 28th, and after marching about 10 miles, crossed the Pamunkey River, and bivouacked about a mile from the river, and commenced building breast-works. At 11 a. m. May 29 marched about 4 miles and formed line near a white house. Advanced three companies as a picket support to the Sixty-sixth New York, who were on the skirmish line. Afterward moved about 2 miles to the left and took position in a dense wood, and bivouacked for the night, where we remained until 9 a. m. May 30, when we were ordered by Colonel Brooke to move forward and occupy the line of works vacated by the second Brigade. Afterward moved out and relieved part of the Second Brigade as support of the skirmish line. At sundown moved to the right, along the line of earth-works, when we advanced in rear of Seventh New York Heavy Artillery and

