
formed line along the edge of a wood. Remained there a short time, we were ordered back to the breast-works, and remained there until 8 p. m. May 31, when we were ordered to move to the left and from line along a deep ditch, where we built breast-works.

June 1, took up the line of march and marched about 16 miles toward the left of the line. At 11 a. m. on the 2nd formed line, our right connecting with the left of the Second Division, and fortified the position. At 3 a. m. June 3 moved to the left and formed in front of the earth-works. At 4 a. m. advanced on the enemy, who occupied a fortified position on the crest of a hill in our front. While and musketry, and the command suffered severely in killed and wounded. The enemy's works were not taken. The regiment remained in this position until June 12, constantly exchanging shots with the enemy in his works close on our immediate front.8

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES PATTON,

Captain 53rd Pa. Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth brigade.

Numbers 47. Report of Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report:

On the evening of May 3 we broke camp and moved at 1 o'clock, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and about midday halted near the Chancellorsville house until next morning. Again moved on and met the enemy in the afternoon, but were not engaged until after crossing the Po River on the 10th. A portion of the regiment were on the skirmish line, and when outflanked lost a number in killed, wounded, and missing.

SECOND EPOCH.

on the night of the 11th marched around near Spotsylvania, and were in the charge of May 12, and engaged three different times in line of battle during the day, and lost heavily both in officers and men. Remained there changing position frequently until the 20th.

THIRD EPOCH.

Left Spotsylvania on the evening of the 20th. Marched all day the 21st, and in the evening crossed the Mattapony and halted until the 23d. marched to the North Anna formed line on the north side, and on the morning of the 24th crossed, threw up breast works, and remained there until the evening of the 26th; recrossed to the north side.

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

