
FOURTH EPOCH.

On the morning of the 27th started, march all day, and on the 28th crossed the Pamunkey; threw up line of works, and remained quit during the night, 29th, went out with the division on a reconnaissance near Aeon Church, and rejoined the corps the same night at the Totopotomoy and moved front line, and on the 31st advanced the line some distance.

Lost a few men during that time, and on June 1 left the Totopotomoy and arrived near Cold Harbor on the evening of the 2nd, and on the 3rd made another charge, in which our lines were advanced near a mile and held a portion of the front line until the place was evacuated.*

Respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

JAS. H. HAMLIN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, FOURTH BRIGADE.

Numbers 48. Report of Captain F. Weaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 148TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,August 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report:

FIRST EPOCH.

Regiment broke camp near Stevensburg, Va., on the evening of the 3rd of May, and crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 4th and reached the old Chancellorsville battle-ground about 11 o'clock same day. Remained in line of battle during the 4th, and until about 9 o'clock of the 5th, when regiment again moved forward, and about 3 o'clock in the afternoon two companies (B and D) were deployed as skirmishers along the railroad in front of their brigade. During the night the regiment moved to the right., but did not become engaged. On the morning of the 6th pickets were relieved and rejoined brigade. No casualties. The regiment was moved rapidly to the left to guard against an attack at that point. Remained there until about 3 o'clock and then moved again to the right. On the 7th Companies A, C, I, and G, on picket. one man killed. on the 8th marched to Todd's Tavern, near Spotsylvania Court-House. on the 9th was the first regiment to cross to Po River, and in the skirmishers of that afternoon had 1 man killed and 1 officer and 4 men wounded. During the 10th the regiment was constantly on the move, taking up during the day some ten deferent position. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon a severe engagement with the enemy began, the regiment being in the open field, while the enemy were concealed behind works. The contest lasted some

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Port i.

---------------

