
hours, during which we lost in killed 18 enlisted men, wounded 3 officers and 135 enlisted men; missing, 12 enlisted men. The regiment was withdrawn and recrossed the river in the evening.

SECOND EPOCH.

About 9 o'clock on the evening of the 11th the regiment moved to the left. The night being dark and the road muddy, the march was fatiguing. Halted at 2 a. m. the 12th, massed the regiment, and lay down to rest. At 4 a. m. the regiment with its brigade charged the enemy's works, scaling them handsomely and carrying everything before them, capturing four battle-flags. The rebel General Steuart surrendered his sword to Colonel Beaver, who was then in command of and gallantry leading his regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Fairlamb was wounded and captured. The regiment was then moved to the right in the column, supporting the Sixth Corps. Here it was again engaged in a severe musketry fight. Casualties of the day: Killed, 16 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers and 78 enlisted men; missing, 11 enlisted men. The regiment was not further engaged during the operations in front of that position except on picket duty.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 23, regiment moved to the left and after a hard march reached the North Anna River at p. m.

On the 24th crossed the river but did not become engaged. Late in the evening the regiment,moved forward along the railroad and formed line to the right, under fire from the enemy's batteries. No casualties. Put up works during the night and remained in front during the 25th and 26th, recrossing the river on the 26th after dark.

FOURTH EPOCH.

regiment moved to the left about 11 a. m. and marched until about 11 p. m. and bivouacked for the night. on the morning of the 28th moved forward and crossed the Pamunkey at 2 p. m. and bivouacked for the night, after having thrown up works about 1 1\2 miles from the river. Remained quit until the 29th, when again moved cautiously forward. in afternoon Company b was sent forward to ascertain the enemy's position. After moving about a mile they encountered some rebel pickets, who field without resistance. The regiment and brigade then came up and the entire regiment was advance to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy. Moved forward a short distance, when enemy poured a volley into the regiment and threw a few shells, not doing any damage, however, and flanks were exposed and danger was apprehended of flank movement on the left. Bivouacked for the night in the thick woods. On the afternoon of the 30th advanced a mile and halted under cover of a hill. At sundown the order came to fall in. The regiment advanced over an open supporting the [Seventh] New York Heavy Artillery. After nightfall retired to the crest of the hill and put up strong earth-works; remained in same position dark on the 31st; moved forward a short distance, crossed the Totopotomoy Creek and again erected works. Regiment remained in same

