
position during the next day. Casualties on picket during 31st of May and 1st of June: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 8 enlisted men; missing, 1 enlisted man. At 8 o'clock on the night 1st again moved to the and marched all night, halting in front of Cold Harbor on the morning of the 2nd. During the day the regiment advanced it left wing, deployed as skirmishers; the right wing remained in support until near evening, when it was also deployed to manned in support until near evening, when it was also deployed to strengthen the picket-line. A little after the left battalion was relieved and the line held by the right wing. On the morning of the 3rd the skirmish line advanced and drove in the enemy's pickets. The regiment, in conjunction with the brigade, moved forward and charge the enemy' works and took their position, but compelled to retire a short distance, where, under cover of a hill, the regiment erected works. During the afternoon were exposed to severe shelling by the enemy, but held the works erected the forces were withdrawn open the evening of the 12th. Casualties during the operations at Cold Harbor: Killed, 1 commissioned officer, 6 enlisted men; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 43 enlisted men.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. WEAVER,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt., Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 49. Report of Major General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this since the 3rd of May last. This report has to be forwarded without many of the sub-reports with should accompany it;

THE WILDERNESS, FROM MAY 3 TO MAY 8, 1864.

Leaving camp near Stevensburg on the night of the 3rd, the division reached Todd's Tavern on the morning of the 5th, from whence it was recalled and marched with the rest of the corps up the Brock road. About 5 p. m. we reached the scene of the battle. Carroll was pushed forward and directed to report to Major-General Birney, near the plank road. As the head of Webb's brigade came in sight of the firing, the enemy was close to the Brock road, firing rapidly upon our disordered troops. We were marching left in front, but there was no time to charge the formation. The fire closers were shifted to the right flank, and as the leaving regiments came up they were faced to the left, and by their fire soon drove the enemy back, took

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

