
possession of the road, and heft it. As Owen's brigade arrived upon the ground it was posted on Webb's right. The day closed with heavy skirmishing. By ordered of Major-general Hancock, I was on the 6th placed in command of the left of the army, composed of General Barlow's division and my own. During the 6th all of the brigade of the division were or less detached from my command to aid in the attack on the enemy's position, and for the particulars of their services I refer to the reports of Generals Webb and Carroll. No report has been received from General Owen.

The country in which the battle was fourth was almost am impenetrable thicket in which the battle was impossible to see for more than a few yards. The weather being very and hod, the woods soon took fire, and many of our poor wounded were burned to death. In the afternoon the enemy made a furnished attack upon us, and judging from firing that he had broken thought our line, I sent Brooke's brigade, of the First Division, thought the burning wood toward the point of attack. This fine brigade with its gallant commander marched through in line of battle, and arrived in time to reassure our exhausted troops, which had, with the assistance of carroll's brigade, repulsed the attack. On the 7th, the division was not engaged accept by skirmishers, and that night,or ether about daylight on the 8th, we took up the march for Todd's Tavern. In the battle of the Wilderness the division lost heavily both in officers and men. The gallant Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Caroll was wounded in the arm, but still kept the field. Colonel Macy, Twentieth Massachusetts, who had jut rejoined his regiment, was wounded, and Major H. L. Abbout, of the same regiment, after earning for himself the highest reputation as a soldier, fell mortally wounded while gallantly fighting with his regiment besides many others whose names cannot be more particularly mentioned in consequence of the absence of brigade and regiment reports. Very little artillery was used in consequence of the nature of the country.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE.-MAY 8 TO MAY 20.

The division reached the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House in the afternoon, bivouacking for the night on the road in rear of the Fifth and Sixth Corps. The next morning it was first placed in position, faced to the rear, and afterward marched up and took position faced to the Po River, to rear of the right flank of the Fifth Corps. Just before dark it crossed the Po, and the next morning, the 10th, recrossed the river to support the Fifth Corps, engaged in making an recrossed the river to support the Fifth Corps, engaged in making an attack on the enemy's entrenched position. Here Webb's and Carroll's brigades were placed in line. Owen's being held in reserve. Webb's and Carroll's brigades made two ineffectual assaults on the enemy's works, the first under orders from Major-General Warren, the second, later in the afternoon, under orders from Major-General Hancock. The position occupied by these troops was in a dense wood, filled dead cedar trees, whose hard by branches, projecting like so many bayonets from the stem, rendered the movement of a line of battle in any sort of order utterly impracticable. The only result of the two assaults was to kill and wound a large number of men, many of whom were burnt to death by the fierce conflagration which raged in the dry timber. The brigades, however, held their original positions until the next night, when they were withdrawn and marched during the night to the left of the army, when the

