
division took up position in two lines in rear of the First and Third Divisions. Owen's and Carroll's brigades being in the front line, Webb's in the second.

May 12, shortly after daylight our troops moved to the assault. Owen's and Carroll's brigades were almost immediately started in support, and arrived in time to aid in carrying the enemy's works. Webb was soon after ordered up, and while rapidly morning forward on to the enemy's second line, the gallant general was severely wounded and left the field. I beg leave to call special attention to the officers mentioned from gallant services by Generals Webb and Carroll I personally remarked the gallant conduct of Captain Butterfield. Eighth, of General Carroll's staff, in turning the enemy's guns and service them against him. We held the line we had gained, and the next day, while intrepidly exposing himself during a reconnaissance, General Carroll, now suffering severally from the wounded in his right arm, received in the Wilderness, had his left arm shattered by a rifle bullet and was carried from the field. His conspicuous daring the campaign had been most marked, and the loss of two such brigade commanders as himself and General Webb was a severe blow to the division. During the 13th and 14th more or less skirmishing was going on all the time, and the troops were engaged in securing the trophies, burying the dead, &amp;c.: and orders were given for an assault to take place at daylight, on the 15th but subsequently countermanded, and the division was moved to the left and in the afternoon moved back again to protect the right flank of the army from a threatened attack. On the 16th the division was moved several miles to the right for the purpose of bringing in some 600 or 700 of our wounded lying in temporary hospitals, which was effected without interruption from the enemy.

At daylight on the 18th the division was in position at the breast-works taken on the 12th, ready for another assault on the enemy's interior line. The Corcoran Legion, Co. Mathew Murphy, Sixty-night Regiment New York National Guard Artillery, commanding, had the day before joined the army and been assigned to my division as the Fourth Brigade, and Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, and Colonel H. B. McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, report to me for duty, and were assigned to the command of the Third and First Brigades, respectively. The division was formed in two lines, the first line composed of McKeen's and Murphy's brigades (First and Fourth) in line of battle connecting with Barlow's division on the left, and the Sixth Corps on the right, and support by the second line. Owen's and Smyth's brigades (Second and Third) formed in line of battalions en masse. Directly in front of the center of my line was a thick, heavy wood, which prevented any considerable portion of the division from being seen from any one point. The troops moved to the assault at 4.30 a. m., and gallantly carried some of the enemy's works in their front, when the second line ordered forward in support. We soon, however, came upon the enemy's main line of works, well manned both with infantry and artillery, and protected in front with abatis, from which the fire was so heavy that the troops made no headway against it, and were forced to retire. During the action Major Mitchell, of General Hancock's staff, informed me that Brigadier-General Owen's brigade instead of moving forward as directed in support of the first line, had fallen back into a line of works into its rear. An investigation into the facts proved the correctness of the report. The bri-

