
gade had not at all support the attack made by the front line. We lost heavily in this attack, mostly from McKeen's and Murphy's brigades, Colonel Murphy himself being wounded. After night we withdraws from the position, moved to the left in the vicinity of Anderson's Mill, where we remained massed in reserve until the night of the 20th, when the corps marched via Bowling Green and Milford Station to a position across the Mattapony, where it entrenched and remained until the morning of the 23d, when we resumed the march, and reaching the North Anna River, took up a position on the left of Birney's division, the enemy opening on us from his batteries on the south side of the river.

THE NORTH ANNA, FROM MAY 23 TO MAY 27.

The brigade head at the river was assaulted and carried by Birney's division at 6 p. m., batteries being placed in position along my line to reply to the enemy's fire. The next morning a foot bridge was constructed, across which my line of skirmishers was pushed, and soon afterward occupied the enemy's deserted line of works. Smyth's brigade was then crossed on a pontoon brigade, followed immediately by the whole division. Smyth was pushed forward in line of battle, supported by a portion of McKeen's and afterward by Owen's brigade. The Fourth Brigade, now under command of Colonel J. P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, formed a second line. Smyth advanced, carried a line of the enemy's works and afterward was furiously assaulted, but with the assistance of the troops sent him from the other brigades (the Sixth-ninth and One hundred and seventieth New York, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, and Fifteenth and Nineteenth Massachusetts), held his line in the midst of a furious rain storm. Smyth was afterward re-enforced by the rest of Mckeen's brigade, and the battle continued until after dark with no charge in the relative position of the troops. No fighting except skirmishing occurred on my front during the 25th and 26th, and that night we withdrew to the north bank of the Anna, the last of the division crossing about 1 a. m. On the 27th we commenced the march for the Pamunkey, which we reached and crossed the next day near Hanovertown, taking up position on the left of the Sixth Corps.

TOTOPOTOMOY AND COLD HARBOR, FROM MAY 28 TO JUNE 12.

The 28th and 29th the division was in position at the crossing of the Pamunkey. One the 29th Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, reported to me for duty and was assigned to the command of the Fourth Brigade, now increased by the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, Colonel P. A. Porter. On the 30th the division moved out and took up position on Totopotomoy Creek, driven in the enemy's skirmishers, and the next day a farther advance was made, the First, Second, and Third Brigades being thrown across the creek and the Fourth held in reserve. Constant skirmishing and cannonading was going on in our front, where the enemy's position was developed until the night of the 1st of June, when the division was withdrawn and reached Cold Harbor the next morning at 6 o'clock, taking position on the left of the Sixth Corps.

June 3, the division was directed to be in readiness to move to the assault of the enemy's works at 4.30 a. m. Tyler's and Smyth's

