
order on the field. They are Major J. M. Norvell, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. H. Embler, Eighty-second New York Volunteers assistant commissary of musters and aide-de-camp; Captain W. L. Palmer, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, ordnance officer (wounded); Captain J. C. Lynch, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assistant inspector-general, Captain Williams R. Wheelock, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, chief of the pioneers (wounded); Captain Williams P. Seville, First Delaware Volunteers, assistant topographical engineer; Captain W. Gale, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, judge-advocate; Lieutenant Edward Moale, Nineteenth U. S, Infantry, aide-de-camp. If there is any one preeminently entered to special mention it is Captain Embler, Eighty-second New York, who has repeatedly, demonstrated his gallantry and soldierly conduct on the field, and as repeatedly been recommended for promotion, but without effect. Surg. J. F. Dyer, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, medial director of the division Captain G. A. Shallenberger, assistant quartermasters, and Captain T. S. Crombargar, commissary of subsistence, were unremitting in their attention to the duties of their several positions, and the sick, wounded and well wanted for nothing which their zeal and energy could supply. Captain M. Black, Second Company Minnesota Sharpshooters, provost-marshal, was untiring in the duties of his office on the march and in camp, as well as on the field, where his command lost heavily.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON.

Major-General of Volunteers. Commanding Division.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

CHARGES AND SPECIFICATIONS PREFERRED AGAINST Brigadier General J. T. OWEN, U. S. VOLUNTEERS.

CHARGE. - Disobedience of orders.

Specification 1.- In that Brigadier General J. T. Owen, U. S. Volunteers, having been ordered, by his commanding officer, Brigadier General John Gibbon. U. S. Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, to move his brigade up in support of the front line, making an attack of the enemy's works, did fail to obey said order, and did fall back and occupy a line of rifle-pits in his rear. This near Spotsylvania Court-House. Va., on our about the 18th of May, 1864.

Specification 2.- In that, Brigadier General J. T. Owen, U. S. Volunteers being ordered by his commanding officer, Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, on the afternoon of the 2nd June, 1864, to mass his brigade in a certain position at daylight the next morning, preparatory to an assault on the enemy's works, did fail and neglect to obey said order. This ad of near Cold Harbor, Va., on or about the 3rd of june, 1864.

JOHN GIBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Witnesses: Brigadier-General Gibbon, U. S. Volunteers; Major J. M. Norevell, assistant adjutant-general; Major William G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; Captain W. Gale, Fifteenth Massachusetts; Captain J. C. Lynch, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers.

