
without my knowledge, and in the attack which it meade as an isolated regiment suffered severely. Colonel Macy, commanding the regiment, was wounded in the leg and Major Abbott mortally wounded. I was forced to change front to rear on my left battalion by reason of having my regiment flank turned by the enemy. There being no line my right which I could discover, a portion of the Ninth Corps was ordered by some one to report to me. After having taken from the column two regular regiments (the Fourth and Tenth Infantry, I believe), I discovered that the commanding officer, Brigadier-General Stevenson, was my senior in rank. I then charged front forward on my left and found my line to contain my own regiment before mentioned, the two regular regiments, the Twentieth Indiana, and a New York regiment of the Ninth Corps. The Fifth-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Barlett commanding, I found in rear of my left center. This regiment and its colonel proved particularly gallant when I endeavored to push forward line under orders mu line under order from Brigadier-General Wadsworth, who assumed command when he found Brigadier-General Stevenson to be my senior in rank. General Wadsworth now had command, and I tried hard to push my line over the little depression in the ground I found to be haled by the enemy. But my men had lost their dash. They had no feeling of confidence and had time to discover that the enemy's line was overlapping my right. The change of front had taken from them all confidence in the line now assumed. No regiment in the line had on its flanks regiments of its own corps. So I failed, and the Fifth-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers lost a great many men in doing what the Twentieth Massachusetts had done before, i. e., advancing by itself to urge on the line. I remained left flanks of my command, when I received an order from General Wadsworth to go to the left to determine what was the cause of the disorder taking place there. General Wadsworth also directed me to take any four regiments I could find to replace those he had seen falling back. I rode from my command to obey these orders. Seeing the impossibility of effecting, I returned to my command and found it in column in the road. The Nineteenth Maine Volunteers halted when opposite to me and commanded firing at the enemy, approaching from the left of the plank road. It was halted by Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Connor, without orders, since I was absent under General Wadsworth's orders, and in doing this Colonel Connor did exactly what necessary. He prevented the enemy from seeing the rout. The road was jammed with troops and the rear of the column wound have suffered terribly had not Colonel Connor stopped his regiment. I was Colonel Connor fall, and order the regiment to retire through the woods. I then went to the works on the Brock road and reported to General Gibbon. The loss of my command in this engagement was 23 officers and 937 enlisted men killed and wounded. At about 6 p. m. I resumed my old position on the right of the First Division.

I regret that I cannot speak to those deserving of special mention in appropriate terms. The total absence of all reports from my regimental commanders renders it impossible for me to mention all. Major Henry L. Abbott, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, died from his wounded received in the advance of his regiment. He lived but a short time after being wounded. It will be found very diffi-

