
coult to replace him. No turner soldier was in my command. His reputation as an officer stood far beyond the usual eulogies pronounced on our dead officers. I feel that his merit was so peculiar and his worth so well known so well known to all the officers of the corps and to the general commanding that it is not necessary for me to attempt to do him justice. My brigade lost in him its best soldier. Colonel Macy, Twentieth Massachusetts, wounded at the same time, was gallantly leading his regiment. I had occasion to call the attention of officers and men to the manner in which the Twentieth Massachusetts fourth this day, and to point out particularly how nucha its fighting was due to the gallantry and discipline of its officers. Lieutenant William T. Simms, my aide-de-camp, was severally wounded in the head. He has on numerous occasions been recommended for promotion for gallant conduct. On this occasion his example to officers and men was what was expected from him.

On the 6th we remained quiet all day; considerable skirmishing in the front; 7th, in same position until about 8 p. m., when we moved to the right and took position on the tight of a plank road, relieving the Fourth Division. On the 8th we moved at about 4 a. m. for Todd's Tavern, where we arrived at about 10 a. m. and took position. At about 1 o'clock we moved in the the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, where the Fifth Army Corps was engaged, arriving near the scene of action at about 4 p. m., and halting on the road to allow the Sixth Army Corps to pass. At 8 p. m. bivouacked on the side of the road, about 1 mile in rear of the line of battle.

On the 9th, at about 7 a. m., we took position to cover the road, and at 10 a. m. moved to Po River and took position, crossing the Po at 3 p. m., connecting with the First Division on the right. At 8 p. m. bivouacked for the night, with pickets thrown well out to the front.

On the 10th we skirmished with the enemy until about 11 a. m., Lieutenant Sturgis, of the Twentieth Massachusetts, being killed here. We recrossed the Po and moved to the support of the Fifth Army Corps, which was heavily engaged. At about 3 p. m. took position on the right of Colonel Carroll's (Third) brigade, and the left of Brigadier-General Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps. About 4.30 p. m., in connection with the entire line, a charge made on the enemy's position, which was repulsed, and the line fell back to its original position. This could hardly be termed a charge. Orders were sent to the brigade to cheer when the division on my right, under General Crawford, did so, and to charge at once. The men had had time to examine the enemy's line. They had found it necessary to hug the ground very closely for some hours, since the firing was severe. They had convinced themselves that the enemy was too strongly positioned to be driven out by assault, and this was evident in the attempt at a charge. In this action Major Rice, of the Nineteenth Massachusetts, and Major Hooper, of the Fifteenth Massachusetts, particularly distinguished themselves. At 5.45 p. m. another attempt was made to carry the enemy's works, which likewise resulted in failure. At this time my rear line broke to the rear. I saw after the charge that but three regiments were to be found. Major Dowing, of the Forty-second New York, I arrested for his conduct in this affair. Captain McFadden, of the Fifty-ninth New York, was especially brave and zealous. My loss in these two attack was quite heavy, although I have no data by

