
which to state it. After this last repulse, we bivouacked in, our position. On the 11th remained in our position and threw up works, which was accompanied by much danger on account of the sharpshooters of the enemy completely commanding our position. At about 11 p. m. I received orders to be in readiness to move immediately, and on the 12th, at about 1 a. m., we moved out of our works, leaving a skirmishers line in front. We marched to the left and about 4 a. m. the corps arrived on the extreme left flank of our army. At 5 a. m. an attack was made on the enemy's position, my command being the right of the line. We passed over the first line of the enemy's works, and when my brigade was about 30 yards from the second line, being with the Twentieth Massachusetts, I was wounded and carried to the rear.

I cannot close without speaking in the highest terms of the conduct of the officers and men of my command, the alacrity with which all orders were obeyed, and the unmurmuring manner in which all orders were obeyed, and the unmurmuring manner in which the toils and privates of the campaign were borne. I mention for gallant and distinguished services, Colonel Macy, Twentieth Massachusetts; Major Hooper, Fifteenth Massachusetts; Major Rice Nineteenth Massachusetts; Captain McFadden, commanding Fifth-ninth New York; Captain Patten, Twentieth Massachusetts; and Captain Charles H. Banes, assistant adjutant-general volunteers. Lieutenant Williams R, Steele, Fifteenth Massachusetts, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Williams E. Barrows, Nineteenth Massachusetts, acting aide-de-camp, of my staff.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Numbers 51. Reports of Captain Joseph W. Spaulding, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment during the late campaign:

I.

The regiment struck tents at 9.30 p. m. May 3, 1864, and marched with the division at 12 o'clock at night, arriving at and crossing Ely's Ford on the Rapidan, just after daybreak May 4. Marched to Chancellorsville that day, arriving at that place about noon. May 5, marched at 5 a. m. Upon arriving at Todd's Tavern line of battle was formed, and the regiment was sent out as a support to the skirmish line. In the afternoon the regiment, together with the brigade, countermarched back to the Wilderness. The regiment was then detached from the brigade, and report first to General Owen, commanding Second Brigade, and then to Colonel Carroll, commanding Third Brigade, and formed line of battle in the rear of second line. Early in the morning of May 6, an advance being ordered, the regiment moved forward, and although in the third line when it stared, when our lines met the enemy the regiment was in the front line and

