
wholly unprotected on its left flank. Colonel Connor, then in command, immediately reported that his left flank was exposed, but before troops were sent to our left the enemy had turned our left flank and compelled our lines to fall back. The regiment reformed on the plank and rejoined the brigade. A new line was immediately formed, the right of this regiment connecting with the left of the Fifth-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, of the Ninth Army Corps, which had just arrived. The line very soon advanced and engaged the enemy. After being engaged for about one hour the regiment was relieved and marched back about half way to the line of breastworks and formed line along the plank road. This movement had hardly been executed when the line in front was compelled to fall back before a superior force of the enemy, and the regiment again became engaged. It was here that the gallant Colonel Connor was severely wounded while striving to rally the retreating columns, and charge trued both flanks, when it was obliged to retire to the rear of the line of breast-works. The loss was very severe in the several engagements of this day, particularly that in the morning.

II.

Sent out on the march Spotsylvania May 8, Major J. Welch in command. Enemy made demonstrations at Todd's Tavern. Regiment went into position, but did not become engaged. Continued the march and reached the neighborhood of the Po River at 4 p. m. May 9. The regiment, as skirmishers, advanced to the river, and found the enemy in position on the opposite side. At 5 p. m. the regiment, being relieved by troops from the First Division, rejoined the brigade. Afterward advanced without it across the river, developed the enemy and lay on arms all night.

May 10, formed portion of a column, which twice assaulted the enemy's works.

May 11, occupied a position close to the enemy and built breastworks.

May 12, participated in the assault of the Second Corps. Major Welch was severely wounded in this charge, but till had captured the colors of the Thirty-third Virginia Regiment, which he bore off the field. In position until May 18, when the regiment participated in another attack upon the enemy. The loss during these several engagements was very considerable. During the night of May 18 marched to the left and performed picket duty two days near Massaponax Church.

III.

Set out on the march to the North Anna on the evening of May 21. Reached Milford Station at 3 p. m., and took position on the western side of the Mattapony River. Fortified during the night and day following.

May 23, marched at 7 a. m., and reached the banks of the North Anna at 2 p. m. Constructed earth-works during the night near Taylor's Brigade.

May 24, advanced across the river and built a second line of works. The regiment was then detachment from the brigade and re-

