
ported to Colonel Smyth, commanding Third Brigade, for duty on the skirmish line. Took position on the extreme left. Met the enemy, and sustained a loss of 20 men killed and wounded. May 25, rejoined the brigade, and constructed a third line of breast-works near the railroad. Remained in this position until the evening of May 26, when the Federal forces withdrew across the river.

IV.

Set out on the march to the Pamunkey River May 27; crossed at Hundley's Ford at 10 a. m. on the following day. Took position near Hanovertown. Constructed breast-works until the morning of May 30, when, at 4 a. m., the regiment, with brigade, moved several miles to the left, took position on the banks of the Totopotomoy. The regiment was detached as skirmishers and crossed the river.

May 31 advanced and developed the enemy's main line near Bethesda Church.

June 1, advanced close to the enemy's works under a destructive fire. Captain Folged, commanding regiment, was wounded here. At 8 p. m. recrossed the Totopotomoy and commenced march for Cold Harbor, which place was reached at 9 a. m. on the following day,. and place regiment immediately occupied works constructed by the Sixth Army Corps. At dark took position for assault.

June 3, stormed the enemy's works, and lay under a galling fire all day. At night entrenched within 50 yards of the enemy's lines, holding in subjection an important rebel battery. Remained in this position until night of June 11; was relieved by troops from Sixth Army Corps.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPAULDING,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Brigade.

Numbers 52. Report of Major Timothy O'Brien, One hundred and fifth-second New York Infantry, Second Brigade.
HDQRS, 152nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of 6th instant, from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report as follows in relation to the part with this command has taken in the various operations since the crossing of the Rapidan, May 4, 1864:

I.

At 9 a. m. May 4, 1864, we closed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, without opposition. After halting a short time marched to Chancellorsville and bivouacked for the night. At 5.30 a. m. May 5,

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

