
marched to Todd's Tavern, and were stationed there for a few hours on picket. A few shots fired by the enemy, but on one injured. About sunset we were hastily withdrawn and moved rapidly into the Wilderness to a point on the left of the cross-road, where we advanced upon the enemy (as a part of the first line), without skirmishers, and after a brisk fire of a few minutes, which resulted in the loss of Captain Hulser and 5 or 6 men, we rested in the same place for the night.

May 6, 4.30 a. m., we advanced and drove the enemy about a mile, forcing them to leave their breast-works, and capturing some 20 prisoners. Our casualties in the above-mentioned actions were 68.*

II.

May 8, marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and bivouacked 3 miles from that place. (the, on picket and under shell fire; no casualties. 10th, moved forward and were under fire day; casualties, 12. 11th, built breast-works under severe fire from sharpshooters. 12th, charged enemy's works at daybreak, and captured many prisoners and 1 stand of colors. The colors were taken by Private Weeks, Company H. Casualties, 49. 13th, moved out in front of the works, and lay the whole day under fire of sharpshooters. 18th, support charge of Corcoran Legion.

III.

May 20, started at midnight on the march to the North Anna, via Bowling Green; marched about 24 miles, and bivouacked 1 mile south of Milford Station. 23d, marched about 10 miles and picketed on the North Anna; a few men wounded by artillery. 24th, crossed the river and deployed as skirmishers, relieving the Seventh Virginia; remained on this day until the next day (the 25th); casualties south of river, 14. 26th, at night recrossed the river.

IV.

At 12 m., May 27, started for the Pamunkey, and camped 1 mile from that river. 28th, crossed at Hanover and constructed breast-works. 29th, advance and built breast-works. 30th, further advance; no general engagement, but skirmishing all day. 31st, on the skirmish line; charge works, with considerable loss.

Lieutenant Musson wounded.

June 1, started at night for Cold Harbor. About 2 p. m., the following day reached Cold Harbor, much wearied with the much. 3rd, charged a strong position of the enemy and were repulsed, but held the ground within 10 rods of the enemy's works, and built pits under severe fire. Casualties in regiment, 13. Remained in this position under constant fire until night of Sunday, June 12.+

Very respectfully,

T. O'BRIEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 121.

+ For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

