
Numbers 53. Report of Lieutenant Co. Williams Davis, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 3-13.
HDQRS. SIXTH-NINTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,August 11, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan River to the 30th of July, before Petersburg:

After crossing the Rapidan River, which was accomplished on the night of the 3rd of May, we did not become engaged with the enemy until May 5, after forming line of battle in the evening, I was directed to advance my regiment width the troops on my right and left, which I did, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their position, which we held until 4 a. m. on the morning of the 6th, when we advanced, drove the enemy for the distance of nearly 1 mile, taking a line of rifle-pits capturing a portion of their skirmishers. After driving them this distance, their lines became strengthened, and we were compelled to fall back to the rifle-pits taken at the commencement, losing nearly all the ground so recently taken.

On the morning of the 6th I was ordered by General Owen to throw out skirmishers from the regiment for the purpose of developing the enemy, which I did, and sunrise an engagement was brought on. The enemy were forced back thought thick underbrush for the distance of-. when we came to an opening, across which the enemy had a breast-works constructed of fallen timbers and fence rails, upon numbers of prisoners. We continued advancing for the distance of nearly 2 miles, when our ammunition became expended. We were than relieved by the Third Division, who followed as s support, forming three lines of battle. After being relieved we marched on the plank road until the Sheady Grove road was reached, when we returned to the and formed in front of and parallel to the last-named road, left of the plank road. In a short time after reaching this place the Third Division was driven back, on account of which I was Ordered to the right, along with the rest of the brigade, about a distance of 1 mile from our last position, where we formed line of battle on a high hill and awaited further orders. We had not remained in this position long when we were attacked by the skirmishers of the enemy. I received orders to fall back to another hill about the distance of 300 yards in rear of the first one. The enemy still kept advancing, and after delivering a few volleys of musketry still they fell back. As the rest of the troops on the right and left of us had fallen back, it was deemed necessary to withdraw us, and hence I was ordered to fall back to the right of the plank road, where we built breast-works and remained for a short time after which I was ordered to the support of the troops on my left, who were attacked. After reaching the position I was ordered to, the fighting there was all over, and I then stacked and remained for the night. During the 7th we remained in same position as on the night previous. Thus ended the first epoch. Three killed, 11 wounded, 5 missing.

