
On the 8th marched to Shady Grove road, where, after a halt of about two hours, the march was resumed and continued until near dark, when we bivouacked near the River Po. On the 9th I was order with my regiment on picket duty, and in the afternoon crossed the river and remained for the night. On the morning of the 10th I moved forward in obedience to orders from General Owen, having a heavy skirmish line in my front, until my command reached the Ta River. After informing General Owen of this fact, I was ordered to hold the brigade at this point, having under my command the Seventy-second with my own regiment. I remained at this point. holding the brigade until, being informed by a staff officer of the First Division that the troops had all been withdrawn from my right and had fallen back to the side of the Po River, and finding that the enemy was rapidly advancing on my right and threatening my rear, I deemed it prudent to fall back to the River Po, having to march a distance of over 3 miles. I ordered my men to double-quick, and succeeded in reaching the bridge in time to save my command from capture. The greater part of one company of the Seventy-second was captured, with 1 of its officers. They lost their way when ordered back from the outpost to my reserve. I was forced to recross the river, after doing so, I joined the First Division on the right and formed line of battle, and remained for a short time, them fell back to the rear of the batteries, while I sent my adjutant to find out where by brigade was. He returned after an unsuccessful search. It being now dark, and the men exhausted from fatigue and want of food, I remained here for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 11th I again dispatched an officer in search of the brigade, who this time succeeded in finding it, and received orders from General Owen to report with my regiment to the from and join the rest of the brigade, which I did, and was then ordered to build breast-works, which I succeeded in doing nortwith-standing the heavy fire I was subjected to from the enemy's sharpshooters. At 10.30 p. m. I received orders to move immediately. Leaving my pickets out I moved my regiment t o the left with the rest of the brigade. The march was continued all night. At times it was very difficult, there being abatis at various points on the line. On the morning of the 12th, about 4 a. m., were reached the front of the enemy, who were posted on Liberty Hill behind works of great strength, and formed line of battle and advance immediately, charging the works of the enemy, which we succeed in capturing taking also a number of guns and 1 stand of colors. The colors were taken by Lieutenant Charles McAnally, of Company D, who received a slight flesh wound in the act, and remained on duty with his regiment until he afterward received another wound in the knee, on June 3. For the want of more support, we were unable to take the second line of works. The enemy also made several attempts to recapture the works in our possession, but without success. Fighting was kept up until about 4 p. m., at which time I was relieved and sent to the rear to the second line of our works.

I have the honor to mention the means of Captain Kelly, who behaved with great coolness, and rendered me great assistance until he fell mortally wounded; also Adjutant Whildey (who was since killed), who rendered me valuable aid, and behaved with coolness throughout the engagement; Lieutenant Charles McAnally, for gallantry in capturing the stand of colors.

