
In this engagement I superintended the taking off of twelve guns by my men. After being relieved I was placed temporarily in command of the brigade, placing Lieutenant McAnally in command of regiment, and received orders to report to Colonel Carroll, commanding First [Third] Brigade, which I did. On the morning of the 13th the regiment was moved forward, having as skirmishers in front of my regiment a portion of the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and supported by a portion of the First Brigade, for the purpose of charging on the enemy's works. I had not proceeded far enough to become engaged, when the order for the charge was countermanded.

I remain, very respectfully.

WM. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Report of Brigadier General Samuel S Carroll, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 3-13.

WEST POINT, N. Y., September 9, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from division headquarters of date September 1, and this day received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the brigade (Third), consisting of the Fourth and Eighth Ohio, Fourteenth Indiana, Seventh Virginia, Fourteenth Connecticut, First Delaware, Twelfth New Jersey, One hundred and eighth New York, and Tenth New York Battalion, which I had the honor to command from the crossing of the Rapidan to the morning of May 13, 1864:

The brigade, with the exception of the Fourth Ohio, which was detailed as a wagon guard before leaving camp, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford with the division at 8 a. m. on the 4th of May. On the 5th, reached Todd's Tavern, when I was put in position to support some cavalry who were engaged in my front. Threw out six companies as skirmishers, and remained in position till 11.15 a. m., when I received orders to march in the direction of Parker's Store. On arriving at the crossing of the Brock plank road, about 3.30 p. m., was ordered to report to Major-General Birney. By his command, i advanced in the wood on the right of the plank road, and relieved the troops engaged in our front, pushing the enemy about one-quarter of a mile from that position and holding the swamp at dark.

May 6, at 5 a. m., I advanced, the enemy retiring for nearly a mile, when, finding no enemy except dead and wounded in my front, and hearing rapidan and heavy musketry on the left of the plank road very near my position, I crossed that road by the left flank, and marching toward the firing, passed some brigade that seemed badly cut up, and engaged the enemy. Before engaging them, however, by General Birney's personal order, I sent the Eighth Ohio, Fourteenth indiana, and Seventh Virginia back to the right of the

