
plank road, under the command of Colonel John Coons, Fourteenth indiana, where they became separated from the rest of the command, were flanked by a vastly superior force of the enemy, and after losing heavily forced to retire. With the rest of my brigade I was engaged continuously with the enemy until 11 a. m., when I was relieved by the Vermont brigade, my men being out of ammunition. About 10 o'clock, when I was hard pressed on my right (that flank being held by the Tenth New York and much exposed), the Fourth Ohio came up, and I immediately put it in on that point. Shortly after noon the troops in my front commenced hastily falling back, and I perceived the enemy coming round their left flank. i at once charged the front of my command so as to meet them and fought them for some twenty minutes, but finding that everything else was retiring in great confusion, being hard pressed and flanked myself, besides hearing from some source I cannot recall that orders had been received to fall back to the rifle-pits on the Brock road, I followed the rest of the troops and emerged from the wood on the Brock road the right of the plank, where my command was immediately formed in proper order, being rejoined by the three regiment which had become detached in the forenoon. By General Birney's order i massed the brigade in the line rear of his headquarters to the right of the plank road, and remained so until about 3.30 p. m., when Longstreet's corps charged and drove a portion of the troops from the breast-works on the Brock road to the left of the plank road and planted their colors there. At this juncture General Birney in person ordered me to regain the breast-works, which i did in double-quick at the point of the bayonet, and shortly afterward resumed my position in rear of his headquarters. After dark that night I was ordered by General Birney to take a position vacated by a brigade of the Sixth Corps, joining the left of the Ninth, which I did. During the night we threw up strong breastworks. On the morning of the 7th joined our division; were not engaged that day. At 8 a. m. on the 8th marched past Todd's Tavern, formed line of battle, and threw out skirmishers to support a part of Gregg's cavalry that was skirmishing with the enemy in my front, but did not become engaged. At noon left this position and moved down the Catharpin road, toward where the Fifth Corps was engaged, and bivouacked there that night.

May 9, at 8 a. m., was ordered to return to Todd's Tavern, where we took position and remained till 12.20 p. m., when we moved to the left and took possession of a line of hills near the Po River. At dusk, crossed the river and bivouacked in mass on the other side.

May 10, formed line of battle about 7 a. m., the right extending nearly to the road on which the enemy's train moved the previous evening. At 11.20 a. m. recrossed the Po and massed in a meadow behind the left of Crawford's line of the Fifth Corps. At 1 p. m. moved in the wood and replaced Coulter's brigade, which was engaged with the enemy. Finding that the enemy were behind breast-works and firing was useless, I had it cease, sending out sharpshooters and only allowing them to fire. About 4 p. m. was ordered by General Gibbon, commanding division, to assault the enemy line in my front, I executed as ordered. Charning thought a belt of burning woods, 35 or 40 yards wide, the right of my line gained the enemy's breast-works and the whole line reached the abatis, but was exposed to such a concentrated and murderous fire

