
from two lines as to make the position untenable, and I fell back to the original position, where we remained.

May 11, remained in position all day skirmishing with the enemy, and in the afternoon received quite a number of shots from their batteries in my front. Cut a road and built places for three guns on my line, but the guns were not furnished me. At 11 p. m . received orders to march and moved out to the left with the division, left in front. Marched until near dawn, where we were halted behind a line of breast-works.

May 12, at dawn received orders from Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, to move forward on the left of First Division (General Barlow) and assault the enemy's works. The First Division had stared and I was compelled to double-quick in order to get up with them, with I did in time to take part in the grand assault of that date. We captured three battle-flags and over 300 prisoners, with several pieces of artillery. Remained in this position, throwing out skirmishers.

May 13, about 8 a. m. I was ordered by General Gibbon, commanding division, to take the Second Brigade (General Owen) and make a reconnaissance in front of my right. I started to fulfill the order, but shortly after throwing out skirmishers received a severe wounded, which compelled me to leave the fields.

Never did officers and men display more gallantry than those of this command, and they deserve the thanks of their country and of their commanding officers. Colonel Coons, Fourteenth Indiana; Colonel Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut, and Colonel Powers, One hundred and eighth New York, were at different times in command of a line battle and displayed great skill and skill and coolness. The first of these officers was killed while gallantry leading his regiment in the charge of the 12th. The last was badly wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, commanding Twelfth New Jersey, was wounded on the 5th, but remained in the field until the 12th, when he met his death like a soldier and patriot. Lieutenant-Colonel Pierce, commanding One hundred and eighth New York, was wounded on the 6th, but kept the field up to the time I left. My thanks are due Captain Butterfield, Eighth Ohio, assistant inspector-general; Captain Hawley, Fourteenth Connecticut, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Mitchell, Fourteenth Indiana, aide-de-camp; and acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Caldewell, Fourteenth Indiana, aide-de-camp, for their gallantry and the assistance they rendered me thought the period mentioned. The latter promising young officer was killed on the evening of the 5th. Captain Butterfield, in charge of the skirmish line, captured a stand of colors from the enemy on the morning of the 13th. I received a flesh wound on the evening of the 5th, and another on the morning of the 13th, which latter disabled me.

I inclose herewith a nominal list of casualties.*

Sir, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Second Corps.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement. pp. 121, 138.

---------------

