
Numbers 55. Report of Colonel Thomas A Smyth, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations may 17-June 12.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of Third Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, from may 17, 1864, the date upon which I assumed command, to July 30, 1864, divided into four epoch, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac.

SECOND EPOCH.

I assumed command of this brigade by order of Brigade-general Gibbon, May 17, 1864, the army then being in the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House. About 10.30 p. m. I was ordered to mass the brigade in front of the Landrum house, and near the vacated line of the enemy's entrenchments, before daylight, which was accomplished, the brigade being in column of battalions between the Landrum house and the road. Subsequently it was deployed into line by battalions, in mass, and I was ordered by Brigadier-General Gibbon to move forward in support of the Corcoran Legion. At daylight the legion moved forward and I followed at short supporting distance. The first line was repulsed, and my brigade, taking position in a ravine, covered their retreat. I at once deployed a line of skirmishers and held this position until 12.35 p. m., when, in obedience to orders from General Gibbon, I withdrew to the second line of entrenchments, where the command formed line of battle and rested. At 10 p. m. the brigade moved to Anderson's Mill, where it took position.

On the morning of May 19 the command went into camp, the First Delaware Volunteers being detailed for picket. At 6 p. m. an order was received for the brigade to march at once. The brigade moved quickly to the Fredericksburg road. The order was soon countermanded and the command returned to camp at Anderson's Mill.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 20, I received an order to move with my command at 11 p. m. I moved at 11.20 p. m., taking the road toward Massaponax Church, continuing the march during May 21, passing Guiney's Station, passing through Milford and Bowling Green,and crossing the Ny River, where the command went into position and threw up entrenchments, the Eighth Ohio Volunteers being detailed for picket.

May 22, I received orders from General Gibbon to take my brigade and make a reconnaissance to develop the strength and position of the enemy. The regiment composition the force were the Fourteenth Connecticut, Seventh Virginia, Fourth Ohio, Fourteenth Indiana, Tenth New York, Twelfth new Jersey Volunteers. The First Delaware and One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers were employed in erecting earth-works. I deployed the Fourteenth

29 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

