
Indiana and Fourth Ohio Volunteers as skirmishers. One lieutenant and 20 men of the Tenth New York Volunteers were placed on the right and rear of the skirmish line to protect that flank, and two companies of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers were similarly placed to protect the left flank. Colonel T. G. Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, Fourth Ohio Volunteers, were assigned respectively to the command of the left and right wings of the skirmish line. Two companies of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers were sent to reconnoiter the Hanover Junction road. The Twenty New Jersey and Tenth New York Volunteers were placed in support of artillery near the crossroads, and the Seventh Virginia stationed near the cross-roads. The skirmish line was them pushed forward about 2 miles, finding nothing but cavalry of mounted infantry to oppose them. About 3 p. m. I received orders from General Gibbon to halt, and I was subsequently ordered to assemble my command and return to camp. On May 23 the command marched at 7 a. m. to the North Anna River, where the enemy were discovered to be posted in force. At noon my brigade was massed behind a ridge of hills. At 4 p. m. the Fourth Ohio Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers and moved to the river bank, where it became engaged at once with the enemy on the opposition shore. It was relieved at dark by the Seventh Virginia Volunteers. At 7 p. m. I was ordered by General Gibbon to make a demonstration against the railroad bridge the river. I moved the Eighth Ohio Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers to the bridge where they opened fire on the enemy's skirmishers. During the night my brigade entrenched itself. Shortly after midnight the enemy succeeded in burning the brigade. At 7 a. m. May 24 I received an order from General Gibbon to construct a rough brigade and cross a regiment as skirmishers. About 10.15 a. m. the bridge was completed and the Eighth Ohio Volunteers moved to the opposite side, deployed and advanced to the enemy's earth-works, which they occupied was then crossed and took position in line of battle. At 3 p. m. I was ordered to advance and ascertain the position of the enemy. The First Delaware and One hundred and eight New York Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers and advance about a half mile, the left swinging forward. At this point the enemy offered a strong resistance, and I deployed the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers to strengthen the line. I then moved forward again, but as the enemy were posted in rifle-pits in the edge of the woods, while my skirmishers were obliged to pass on an elevated plowed field, the line was again brought to a half. I then ordered the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers to charge the enemy's rifle-pits, which was done in fine style, the enemy being driven about 500 yards. The enemy having been re-enforced, I brought up the Seventh Virginia and Tenth New York Volunteers to strengthen the center of my line. The pressure still continuing strongest at this point, and the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers having reported to me, I ordered it also to that part of the line. Learning that the enemy was moving troops toward my right, I defected the Eighth Ohio, Fourth ohio, and Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers to take position to cover, the right flank of my line of battle. At 5.30 p. m. the enemy made a determined attack on my center. The Sixth-ninth and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, which had reported to me, were brought in to strengthen this part of the line, and the Fourth and

