
Eighth Ohio and Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers were moved from the right to the center. This attack of the enemy was handsomely repulsed. The Fifteenth and Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers having reported to me, I directed them to form on the right, relieving the Twelfth New Jersey, First Delaware, One hundred and eighth New York, and Seventh Virginia Volunteers, which regiments were formed in the rear, and resupplied with ammunition. The Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers reporting to me at this time, was formed ont he left of my line of battle. Just at dark a vigorous attack was made by the enemy on my left, which threw the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers into considerable disorder, which resulted int heir falling back. I succeeded in rallying them, however, and formed that part of the line at right angle with the main line. During the night my command threw up internchments. The first line now consisted, from right to left, of the Seventh Virginia, One hundred and eighth New York, First Delaware, Eighth Ohio, Twelfth New jersey, Fourteenth Connecticut, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers. The Fourth Ohio, Fourteenth Indiana, and Tenth New York Volunteers were in the second line. At dark the Fourth Ohio and Fourteenth Indiana were moved by me to the Dowell house to cover the left flank of my position. At 5 p. m. May 26 I received orders from General Gibbon to advance my skirmish line by swinging forward the left, and to dislodge a force of the enemy who held a salient near the left of my line. At dark I pushed forward the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, One hundred and seventieth New York, and two companies of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers,w ho charged the enemy and drove him from his position. Soon after dark received orders from General Gibbon to be prepared to recross the North Anna. At 8 p. m. the brigade moved across the river and bivouacked until morning.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On May 27 the command marched within a mile of Hornquarter Creek, where it bivouacked for the night. At noon, May 28, we crossed the Pamunkey River. At 1 p. m. I received an order to follow the cavalry, which was subsequently countermanded, and my brigade filed into the field on the left of the road, and took position in two lines of battle. On May 29 I was directed to wing forward the left of my command, now about half a mile to the front from line of battle, and intrench. Subsequently I was ordered to hold the command in readiness to march at short notice. At 5.30 a. m. May 30 the command marched, acting as reserve. At 9.25 a. m. I was ordered to move farther to the front. My brigade was then formed in line of battle near the Jones' house. The Seventh Virginia Volunteers was directed to drive the enemy's sharpshooters from a house about 500 yards in front of my left flank, which they accomplished. On May 31 I received orders to be in readiness to support the First Brigade. At 2 p. m. the command was marched across Topotomoy Creek and massed in rear of the First Brigade. At 2 p. m. the One hundred and eighth New York and Seventh Virginia Volunteers were sent to the support of the right. At dark the Fourteenth Connecticut, Eighth ohio, and Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers were formed in an interval between the First and Second

