
Brigades. Soon after dark the Eighth Ohio Volunteers was relieved and returned to its original position. At 2.35 p. m. June 1 I was ordered by General Gibbon to be in readiness to march at once. This order was subsequently countermanded, and the brigade threw up entrenchments. At dark I was ordered to occupy the earth-works and relieve the First Brigade. At 9 p. m. the brigade marched, taking the road to Cold Harbor, which place it reached June 2. At 2.20 p. m. June 2 my brigade was deployed in line of battle, and by order of General Gibbon advanced to a vacated line of rifle-pits, where it took position under a severe fire from the enemy's skirmishers, who were concealed in rifle-pits within short range of my right. At 5 p. m. I was ordered to attack the enemy's position, by the attack was subsequently deferred. The One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers reported to me and was placed on the extreme right of my line. During the night sharp skirmishing occurred on my right. At 4.30 a. m. June 3 I was ordered to attack the enemy. I formed my brigade in line of battle, and at 4.30 a. m. advanced and charged the enemy's works. When the command arrived at from 60 to 100 yards from the enemy's works the ranks had become so thinned and the fire from the enemy's artillery and musketry was so destructive that the men were compelled to halt and seek such shelter as presented itself. In this position the command soon erected a rude breast-work. At 9 a. m. Berdan's Sharpshooters and a battalion of the First Massachusetts heavy Artillery reported to me. I deployed part of the sharpshooters in front as skirmishers, and held the battalion of First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery in reserve. At 4 p. m. the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers and the remaining battalion of the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery reported to me, which regiments I formed on the opposite side of a ravine on my extreme right. My line strengthened their works, and was arranged from right to left as follows: First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, One hundred and Sixty-fourth New York, Fourteenth Connecticut, Eight Ohio, Fourth Ohio, Seventh Virginia, Twelfth New Jersey, Tenth new York, First Delaware, and Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers. About 8 p. m. the enemy opened upon us a heavy artillery fire, which lasted about thirty minutes, after which he charged along my whole line. He was repulsed with considerable loss. during the night one-half of the command was kept awake and under arms. In this action Lieutenant Benjamin Y. Draper, acting aide-de-camp on my staff, a brave and gallant officer, was killed. At 10.30 a. m. June 4 the enemy opened on us a heavy artillery fire which continued until 11.35, doing but little injury. Sharp skirmishing was kept up all day. At 8.40 p. m. the brisk skirmish fire changed to very heavy musketry fire on both sides, followed by a short artillery duel, which did no damage to my brigade, except the wounding of one of my staff orderlies, Private James Ray, Tenth New York Volunteers. Sever skirmishing continued all day. June 5, in the afternoon, my standard bearer, Private Elliott. Tenth New York Volunteers, was mortally wounded while carrying an order. At 8.30 p. m. the enemy commenced a vigorous attack with artillery and musketry, which lasted twenty-four minutes without doing any injury. Heavy skirmishing continued June 6 and until 4 p. m. June 7, when a cessation of hostilities was ordered to give opportunity to bury the dead. During the 8th and 9th of June there was

