
very little skirmishing, and on the 10th my command was relieved from duty in the entrenchments. There was skirmishing all day June 11. At dark June 12 the command marched to the left.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Captain A. H. EMBLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 56. Report of Captain John C. Broatch, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: The following is respectfully submitted as a brief sketch of the operations of this regiment during the present campaign, divided into five epochs, as required by Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarter Army of the Potomac:

FIRST EPOCH.

Left camp at Stone Mountain at dark May 3, 1864; crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford next morning; halted and went into camp for the eight on the old Chancellorsville battle-field at 2 p. m. Resumed our march upon the morning of the 5th, moving through a place called Tood's Tavern,a nd toward Spotsylvania Court-House. Halted toward noon and threw up breast-works. In the latter part of the afternoon marched back again over the same ground to a cross-roads, where we advanced in line of battle into the woods which bordered the road, receiving a fire from the enemy, but without being able to return it, as some of our own troops were in advance of us. Loss in the regiment about 15 killed and wounded, among whom wee 2 commissioned officers. At daylight next morning moved upon the enemy, the brigade being formed in two lines of battle, the Fourteenth upon he left of the first line. After advancing for upward of half a mile met the enemy, and were hotly engaged with them. Fell back for a distance of 4 or 5 rods, but promptly rallied and completely repulsed the rebel attack. Were then relieved by another line of battle, and the brigade was ordered to withdraw for a short distance to the rear, where it was resupplied with cartridges. The regiment received the hearty commendation of Colonel Carroll, brigade commander, for its conduct upon this occasion. Later in the day, an attack being made by the rebels upon the left flank of our liens, a part of our brigade was swung around to meet it. For upward of twenty minutes the Fourteenth held that part of the enemy's line opposite to it in check. At the expirations of that time the First Delaware, which was upon its left, being outflanked by the rebel line and forced to retire, the Fourteenth fell back in good order to the cross-roads, where it was at once reformed in line and ready for further services. Our loss this day was severe, particularly in officers.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

