
SECOND EPOCH.

Upon the 9th of May, the march to Spotsylvania Court-House having been resumed, crossed the Po River and went into bivouac for the night. Upon the 10th recrossed the river and moved up to attack the rebel position upon the north side. Took up a position in a piece of woods some 50 or 60 yards in front of the enemy's works, and opened a heavy fire upon hem. Our ammunition at length being exhausted, we were relieved and ordered to fall back to a more sheltered position. This was done in good order. At night threw up breast-works. Upon the night of May 11 quietly withdrew from our position and marched all night toward the east. At daybreak next morning made a charge upon he enemy, and, taking them by surprise, assisted in capturing the prisoners, guns, &amp;c., taken upon that occasion. Several of the captured guns were turned upon the enemy and worked with good effect by members of this regiment. We occupied for the remainder of the day a position farther to the left. Were under a constant fire, but being protected by a low breast-work our loss was small.

THIRD EPOCH.

Received marching orders about midnight May 20. Our line of march led by Massaponax Church and Guiney's Station, and through Bolwing Green and Milford Station. Crossed the Mattaponey River below this latter place in the afternoon of the 21st, and took up a position, whichwe fortified. Upon eh 22nd went out skirmishing, but were unable to discover anything except a small force of rebel cavalry. Upon the 23rd marched to the banks of the north Anna River. Crossed this river upon he morning of the 34th. About 1 p. m. we advanced upon he enemy, deployed as skirmishes, drove them across a plowed field, and, with the assistance of other regiments of the brigade, from out a breast-work which they occupied upon the edge of a piece of woods. Continued to skirmish with the enemy int he woods until nearly dark. May 26, toward evening, half of the Fourteenth, under command of Captain Nichols, was ordered to drive the rebels from a post of observation occupied by them about 200 yards in front of our line. This task was done in good style, with the loss of 1 commissioned officer killed, and 3 or 4 men wounded.

FOURTH EPOCH.

That night we withdrew across the North Anna, and, marching down the north bank of the river all the next day, crossed the Pamunkey at Taylor's Bridge upon he 28th. Upon the 30th advanced to Topotomoy Creek, 10 miles north of Richmond. Upont he 31st moved up to the front to support General Owen's brigade; are not, however,e engaged. Upon the night of June 1, our regiment, with another, is left upon picket in front of our works, while the remainder of the brigade is withdrawn and marches toward Cold Harbor. We are withdrawn a little before daylight and rejoin the rest of the brigade upon the afternoon of the 2nd near the above place. At daylight next morning advance upon the enemy and take up a

