
position, distant about 100 yards from their works, whichwe are subsequently ordered to fortify. An attack made upon us by the enemy in this position is easily repulsed.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BROATCH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Reports of Colonel Theodore G. Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,June 7, 1864.

GENERAL: Although during the past month I have not been continually in command of my regiment, being part of the time in command of the brigade, and during the battles in which the regiment has been engaged having been placed in command of other regiments, in addition to my own, whereby my attention has been somewhat diverted from it, I feel it incumbent upon me to make the best report of the movements and engagements of the regiment since the commencement of the present campaign that lies in my power. On the evening of May 3 the regiment left Stone Mountain, on the Rapidan, with the four other regiments, composing the detachment stationed at that point, which I then commanded, and marched to join our brigade near Brandy Station. Marching all night, we crossed the Rapidan with the rest of our corps at Ely's Ford about where we halted for the night. The next day our corps marched south westerly toward Todd's Tavern, where it was attacked in force by the rebel army. We turned northward and marched to the cross-roads, about 5 miles west from Chancellorsville, formed by the junction of the plank road from Chancellorsville to Orange Court-House and the road upon which we marched. The firing was quite heavy when our brigade reached the scene of action. We wee formed in line of battle immediately north of the cross-roads, and advanced into the woods, where we at once became engaged with the enemy. The Fourteenth was in the first line of battle and behaved nobly, at one time executing a change of front under fire to repel an attack on our left. Before going into action our force was 20 commissioned officers and 325 enlisted men.

The battle was resumed at daylight on the 6th. Our brigade ad advanced to the attack and moved forward about half a mile through the woods, changing front toward the northwest, and crossing the plank road running westward from the cross-roads. Here the enemy were found in force. After being engaged in the front line until our ammunition was exhausted, the regiment was withdrawn to the second line until again supplied. In the early part of the afternoon, the enemy made a fierce and desperate assault upon our left flank, which was for some time resisted, but our brigade being unsupported on the left, it was obliged to fall back beyond the north and south

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

