
road before mentioned. During the rest of the afternoon the regiment was placed in reserve near the road, being occasionally moved as different points were threatened. In the evening we were moved a short distance up the road, and were engaged most of the night in constructing breast-works along the west side of the road. Our force in this day's engagement was 18 officers and 300 enlisted men.

On the 7th, 8th, and 9th we were formed in line of battle at various points, changing our position more to the southwest. About dark ont he evening of the 9th we crossed the River Po near Mr. Giles Graves' house and encamped for the night. The next morning our division had recrossed the river, and went to the support of the Fifth Corps. We marched by a circuitous route to the left, where we lay for some time exposed to a heavy shell fire in rear of part of the Firth Corps. Soon our brigade was in line of battle. We advanced over the line of breast-works, behind which lay part of the corps we were supporting, and charged forward against the enemy. Our advance was through a tangled road, difficult to pass in order, dispersing our men, and obliging us to halt occasionally to reform our line. To add to the difficulty the wood were on fire for some distance over which we had to pass. At times the heat of the fire was suffocating. Our men, however, moved bravely forward, under cover of the woods, to within about 50 paces of the enemy's works, which opened upon us a galling fire. Unable to advance farther, we opened fire upon such of the enemy as could be seen, and maintaining our position for about six hours, when, our ammunition being exhausted, we were relieved and lay in the second line, still in front of the breast-works, all that night and the next day. Our force in this engagement was 11 officers and 220 enlisted men. About midnight we marched eastward with our corps to the right of the rebel position, where about daylight on the 12th an assault was made upon the enemy's works. We were in the second line, and passed over the rebel entrenchments directly after a portion of the First Division, which preceded us. We captured a great number of prisoners, which we sent to the rear in charge of Captain Nichols. We pursued the flying enemy for about a quarter of a mile, when I found our men becoming scattered, our colors in advance of any other troops, and the fire from the enemy's second line of works becoming serous. The rebels had also rallied and were advancing a line of battle in our front. I therefore ordered our men to fall back to the first line of works. In this first line were the enemy's cannon, which were all captured. Many of these guns were turned on the enemy. Two of them were worked by men of the Fourteenth, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore and Lieutenant Morgan. These guns were drawn off by our men. Our force in this engagement was 8 commissioned officers and 200 enlisted men. The regiment was afterward moved to the left during the day and lay in the rebel entrenchments all night.

The 13th and 14th were passed in the same vicinity with slight changes of position. About dark on the evening of the 14th our brigade was marched westward to another line of rifle-pits to resist an expected attack. The Fourteenth remained in the works in line of battle. On the night of the 17th, the regiment being on picket, it was formed into a skirmish line whit some two or three other regiments and advanced upon the enemy's position. The whole of the 18th was passed upon the skirmish line, the regiment being at times under a shell fire, but meeting with no casualties. We were relieved

