
at night. On Sunday, the 22nd, we were again engaged in skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, near Milford Station. About 11 a. m., on the 24th, we moved across the North Anna River and were engaged most of the day in a severe skirmish with the enemy. Our line advance and drove the rebel skirmishers about half a mile across a wheat field on the left and through the woods on the right.

We were relieved at night with our ammunition entirely expended. Our force this day was 7 commissioned officers and 185 enlisted men. The next morning the regiment was again moved to the front, and was engaged all day in throwing up entrenchments. On the 26th, about 7 p. m., the Fourteenth with two other regiments was ordered to advance and drive the enemy from their advanced works on the left of which lasted until dark. The strength of the regiment engaged in this encounter was 8 officers and 165 enlisted men. The 27th and 28th which was crossed about 4 p. m. on the 28th. The next two days were passed near the river, with some slight change of position. On the afternoon of the 31st we were moved to the extreme front, where our pickets were engaged with the enemy. Here we remained all the next day, behind breast-works, which we had had partially constructed during the night. On the night of June 1 the regiment was left behind on picket when the corps moved to Cold Harbor, rejoining it the next day about 5 p. m., after a hard a day's march. On the morning of the 3rd the whole line moved forward toward the rebel works, causing some sharp skirmishing but no general engagement in our vicinity. Our men entrenched themselves in front of the enemy's works and remained quiet, except a continued exchange of shots between the pickets. At times, however, the enemy opened a severe fire, from which we were protected by our works. On the evening of the 4th a charge was made by the rebels, which was handsomely repulsed.

The strength of the regiment is at present 7 commissioned officers and 160 enlisted men. The present campaign has thus far been a severe one. Since its commencement tot he present time, the regiment has been in line of battle and under fire almost every day. At night we have almost invariably bivouacked in line, prepared for an attack. The fatigue and exposure of the night marches, and continual encounters with the enemy have been extraordinary, but the officers and men of this regiment have met them nobly and uncomplainingly, cheerfully bearing all the hardships they have been called upon to endure. Among the officers especially noticed for their gallantry in the various actions in which they have been engaged, I would mention the names of Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Moore and Adjt. William B. Hicks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. G. ELLIS,

Colonel Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General of Connecticut.

Recapitulation.*-Killed: Commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 20. Wounded: Commissioned officers, 11; enlisted men, 129. Missing: Enlisted men, 24. Total, 185.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted.

---------------

