
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from June 3 to June 20, 1864:

At the date when I closed my last report the regiment was occupying an entrenched position immediately in front of and abut 100 yards from the enemy's works at Cold Harbor, a place 10 miles northeast of Richmond, Va. An incessant picket-firing was kept up between the two sides. On the evening of the 3rd of June the enemy made an attack upon us in heavy force. Their skirmishers advanced with fixed bayonets, followed by several lines of battle. They were met by a very heavy fire, which caused them to fall back in confusion. One lieutenant and 3 privates came over into our works and were captured. They stated that they belonged to the Forty-second North Carolina Regiment, Martin's brigade, Hoke's division, of Beauregard's army. During the night the enemy could be heard removing their dead and wounded, and by daylight had carried off all but 3 of the dead, who were too near our position to be removed with safety.

On the 5th, 6th, and 7th of June picket-firing was kept up by the enemy, which was replied to by our men with considerable effect. Private Henry Worden, of Company A, shot one of their sharpshooters in the very act of discharging his piece, killing him instantly. Private Franklin M. Goff, of Company B, wounded 2, who were seen to be carried off upon stretchers. This was at a distance estimated at about 800 yards back of the enemy's secodn line of fortifications, and was done with a Sharps rifle. It is interesting, as showing the comparative value of that weapon and the Springfield rifle, several trials with the latter, using an ordinary charge of powder, failing to carry that distance.

On the night of the 5th of June, the enemy advancing his skirmishers, our men fired upon them under the impression that they contemplated an attack. The enemy replied from his breast-works, and for some fifteen or twenty minutes, each party thinking itself attacked, a very heavy fire was kept up, doing, however, but very little damage on eighter side. Such mistakes as this cannot always be avoided when the enemy is in such close proximity. After the firing had ceased a working party was sent out, which, under cover of darkness, threw up a rifle-pit for the protection of our pickets, some 25 yards in advance of our main line. The two were connected by a deep trench, which afforded shelter to our men in passing backward an forward.

June 7, toward evening, Assistant Surgeon Jewett, of the Fourteenth, was sent out by Colonel Smyth, commanding the brigade, with a number of pioneers, under the protection of a flag of truce, for the burial of the dead lying between our brigade and the enemy. This was in consequence of an arrangement entered into between General Grant and General Lee. Dr. Jewett reported that he was politely received, and afforded every facility in the execution of his office, by a staff officer of General Martin, who commanded the brigade of the enemy opposite us. On the evening of the 10th of June half a mile to the rear, to enjoy a much-needed rest.*

THEO. G. ELLIS,

Colonel Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE, A. G., State of Connecticut.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

