
Numbers 58. Report of Colonel Mathew Murphy, One hundred and eighty-second New York Infantry (Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery), commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations May 17-18.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following as my report of the part taken by this brigade, while under my command, in the operations of the Army of the Potomac:

During the first epoch named in the order above referred to, that part of this brigade known as the Irish Legion was guarding the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and the Eighth New York Volunteer Heavy Artillery were doing garrison duty in and about Baltimore, Md.

During the second epoch, on the 17th day of May, the Irish Legion, under my command, joined this army, and was assigned to the Second Division, Second Army Corps, as Fourth Brigade. On the night of May 17 we were placed in position, our left connecting with General Barlow's right, and our right whit some brigade of our division, the designation of which I have not been able to ascertain. At 4 a. m. on the 18th the brigade crossed the entrenchments to advance, and by some mistake the two regiments ont he right, viz, One hundred and sixty-fourth and One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, were directed by an officer of General Gibbon's staff to advance immediately without my being informed. Consequently I advance with the two remaining regiments, viz, Sixty-ninth New York National Guard and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, driving in the pickets of the enemy and dislodging him from a line of entrenchments which he held in considerable force. I advanced farther by 500 yards through a dense wood until I confronted a line of works, which apparently was occupied by the enemy's main body. I here halted the two regiments, intending to attack as soon as I found my other two regiments (One hundred and fifty-fifth and One hundred and sixty-fourth) and ascertained the wishes of the general commanding division.

I here learned that the two regiments which were separated from me had been engaged with the enemy for more than an hour, and that their ammunition was very nearly expended, as represented by the senior officer, Colonel McMaHonorable I immediately brought to their locality, situated to my right and rear, the other two regiments (Sixty-ninth and One hundred and seventieth) and found that Colonel McMahon had already fallen back. I occupied the position previously held by him, when I was wounded in the left arm. I thereupon turned dover the command to the next senior, Colonel J. P. McIvor, and proceeded to the rear.*

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,

MATHEW MURPHY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Second Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

