
Numbers 60. Report of Colonel John Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations June 4-12.
HDQRS. EIGHTH BATTALION NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., November 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Second Division, Second Corps, dated November 7, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade under my command in the movements from the 4th to the 16th day of June, inclusive:

By instructions from Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, I was directed to report to Major General John Gibbon, commanding Second Division, for duty, and was assigned by Special Orders, Numbers -, dated headquarters Second Division, Second Corps, near Cold harbor, June 4, 1864, to the command of the Fourth Brigade of said division. The brigade consisted of the following regiments: Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, Sixty-ninth, One hundred and fifty-fifth, One hundred and sixty-fourth, and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers. When I assumed command of the brigade it occupied the front line of works, with the exception of the One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, which was in a rear line, close enough to support any part of the front line that might be attacked. On the evening of the 5th the enemy made a fine assault in front of the One hundred and sixty-fourth new York Volunteers, but were handsomely repulsed, with a loss of but 2 men in that regiment. In front of this regiment the pickets of the enemy were close enough to see the men behind the breast-works. On the night of the 6th the picket-line was advanced for the purpose of giving protection to the troops in rear of the works. The line was successfully established, and a continuous trench dug during the night. On the evening of the 10th I relieved the Third Brigade, which connected with my left, took the position occupied by it, the First Brigade. Third Division, Second Corps, occupying the part of the line which I had vacated. Remained in this position until the evening of the 12th, when we retired, marching in the direction of the James River. The night was clear and calm. To drown the noise of the tramp of men, and as a means to counteract any suspicion of the movement, the band played while the brigade was executing the movement, and followed out in rear of it.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN RAMSEY,

Colonel Eighth Battalion New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 61. Report of Major Erastus M. Spaulding, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations May 18-June 11.
HDQRS. EIGHTH Regiment NEW YORK VOL. ARTILLERY,August 10, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, paragraph 5, I have the honor to report the part taken

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

