
by the Eighth Regiment New York Volunteer Artillery, in the operations of the several epochs of the campaign as stated in said order, and the casualties in the regiment from may 4 to July 30, 1864, as follows:

The regiment joined the Army of the Potomac at or near Spotsylvania Court-House on the morning of May 18, and, therefore, took no part in the first epoch of the campaign. On the p. m. of May 19 an attack upon our supply train was made by a body of the enemy under Ewell, and brought on the battle of the Ny, which commenced about 3 p. m. The Eighth New York Artillery, at about 3.30 p. m., was ordered to the scene of action, where it arrived at 5 o'clock; was held in reserve until 8.30 o'clock, when it was advanced, and engaging the enemy fought until 10 p. m. The casualties int hat engagement were 8 men killed, 1 captain and 20 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

May 20, marched to Milford Station, via Bowling Green, and thence to the North Anna River May 23; crossed the river May 24; recrossed May 25, between 3 and 4 p. m. The casualties there were 1 man killed and 1 wounded by the enemy's shell while crossing the brigade. Marched from the North Anna to Old Church May 27; thence to Cold Harbor June 1. Arrived on the morning of June 2. Lay int eh entrenchments until the morning of the 3rd, when, in the assault of that day upon the enemy's lines, the regiment charged upon a formidable line of earth-works. The casualties of that day and during nine succeeding days up to June 12, during which time the regiment was constantly under fire, were 7 officers and 73 men killed, 16 officers and 323 men wounded, and 1 officer and 85 men missing. A few of those reported missing were prisoners, and some wounded, and have since been reported in hospital, but by far the larger portion of them were undoubtedly killed.*

E. M. SPAULDING,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. A. LA. MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 62. Report of Major John Byrne, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry, of operations May 13-June 12.
HDQRS. 155TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I would respectfully report, for the information of the colonel commanding the brigade, as follows:

The regiment forming part of the Irish Legion, stationed on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Burke's Station, Va., broke camp on May 13, 1864, and was conveyed from Alexandria to Belle Plain by transport, and marched from there to Spotsylvania

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol, XL, Part I.

---------------

