
Court-House and joined the Army of the Potomac on May 17, when it was immediately assigned to the Second Division, Second Corps, and the legion of which it forme da part was designated as the Fourth Brigade. On May 18 the regiment with the brigade and other troops took part int he assault on the enemy's works in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, but were repulsed. The regiment was placed on picket duty that night, and on the evening of 19th rejoined the brigade with the corps on the left of our line. The loss sustained by the regiment was 3 officers severely wounded, 8 men killed, 42 wounded, and 5 missing. At 11 p. m. on the night of the 20th, the regiment with other troops left our position in front of Spotsylvania Court-House and by a left-flank movement arrived at Milford, crossed the bridge there at 1 p. m. on 21st, and 1 mile beyond took up position on hill and fortified it. Left there on 23rd at 7 a. m. and marched to the North Anna River. Arrived on the banks of the river, 1 mile below the railroad bridge, at 4 p. m. The regiment was at once placed on picket and some skirmishing ensued. Crossed the river May 24, and the regiment, with the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, was held as support tot he balance of the brigade while engaged in the battle of this day. The regiment has no casualties to report while operating on the banks of the North Anna River. On the night of May 26 recrossed the North Anna, and on the morning of the 27th took up the line of march in a southeasterly direction, and on may 28 crossed the Pamunkey, maneuvering in the neighborhood of the Topotomoy, building breast-works, and in supporting on 31st to the First Brigade, of Second Division. June 1, marched to Cold harbor, and ont he 2nd took up position in breast-works in front of the enemy.

On June 3, at 4 a. m., the regiment formed line of battle, and in company with other troops (the Sixty-ninth New York State National Guard Artillery on the left and the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery on the right) assaulted the enemy's works. The regiment advanced within 50 yards of the enemy's works, but owing to a deep ravine which intervened and the heavy fire from the enemy's breast-works, it was impossible for the regiment to gain the works. The regiment, however, held its ground for half an hour, returning the fire of the enemy vigorously, and only fell back when it was found useless to remain. At about 150 yards from the enemy's line the regiment halted and established a new line on the crest of the hill, by using fence rails and throwing up earth with bayonets and tin cups. The following day, when supplied with entrenching tools, the breast-works were further strengthened and made formidable. The regiment to the 12th of June was employed doing duty in the breast-works and on picket, &amp;c.

The casualties of the regiment at this place was 1 officer killed and 5 wounded, 12 men killed and 108 wounded, and 17 missing.*

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JOHN BYRNE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

