
Numbers 63. Report of Major John Beattie, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations May 17-June 12.
HDQRS. 164TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to transmit the following report:

SECOND EPOCH.

Joined the Army of the Potomac May 17, 1864. Participated in the assault of the 18th, losing 5 officers and 86 men, killed, wounded, and missing.

THIRD EPOCH.

Participated in all the engagement and marches in which the Second Corps was engaged to the North Anna, at which place we, were engaged as support for Ricketts' battery, building breast-works, skirmishing, and doing picket duty.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The withdrawal from the North Anna and the march across the Pamunkey was perfomed in good order and with very little straggling. From the 29th to the 1st of June we were employed building breast-works, skirmishing, and doing picket duty. The march to Cold Harbor was performed in good order, and without straggling. Participated in the assault of the 3rd of June, carried two heavy lines of rifle-pits, capturing in prisoners 1 officer and 45 men. in the engagement we lost 11 officers and 143 men killed, wounded, and missing. From June 3 to 12 we occupied the front and skirmish lines, and participated in repelling two several attacks in our front, on the nights of the 3rd and 5th of June, in both of which our loss was 1 killed and 1 wounded.*

JOHN BEATTIE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain WILLIAM A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 64. Report of Colonel James P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Infantry, of operations May 11-June 12.

Record of operations of the One hundred and seventieth New York State Volunteers, Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, from May 4, 1864, to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

Guarding the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

