
SECOND EPOCH.

Left camp on the orange and Alexandria Railroad May 11, 1864, and on arrival at Belle Plain the next day was assigned to the Army of the Potomac. Nothing of note occurred until its arrival at Spotsylvania Court-House, at which place, on the 18th of May, it was brought into action, suffering a loss of about 28 in killed, wounded, and missing.

THIRD EPOCH.

Left Spotsylvania Court-House on the evening of May 18, and picketed during the night some 5 miles distant from the town. Resumed our march in the morning and arrived at Milford Station, at which place breast-works were thrown up and various fatigue duties performed by the men. Resting at this placed for a day or two we again started and arrived at North Anna River May 23. During the morning of May 24 breast-works were thrown up, and in the evening, under a drenching rain and a tremendous fire from the enemy, charged their works; their superior force compelled the regiment to retire, leaving our dead and wounded on the field. In this engagement we lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, some 97 officers and men.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey River was uninterrupted and we arrived at Cold Harbor June 2, where for three or four it supported Sleeper's battery. During the remainder of its stay here the regiment was employed in building breast-works and doing picket duty. The loss at this place was small, as will be see by the inclosed return.*+

J. P. MCIVOR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 65. Report of Captain John Coonan, One hundred and eighty-second New York Infantry (Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery), of operations May 17-June 11.
HDQRS. 69TH Regiment N. Y. NATIONAL GUARD ARTY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with indorsement, headquarters Second Brigade, August 6, 1864, on Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, current series, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guard Artillery, from the 4th of May, 1864, to the 31st of July, 1864, together with a statement of casualties during the same period:

FIRST EPOCH.

This regiment, not having then joined the Army of the Potomac, did not take part in any of the movements executed during this epoch.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+Embodied in revised statement, p. 168.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

