
SECOND EPOCH.

The Sixty-ninth Regiment reported at headquarters Army of the Potomac on the 17th of May, 1864, and was, with the other regiments comprising Corcoran's Irish Legion, assigned to the Second Division, Second Army Corps, as the Fourth Brigade. On the evening of the regiment's arrival it was placed in position, and at day-break of May 18 participated in the assault on the enemy's entrenchments near Spotsylvania Court-House. In this engagement the regiment lost 4 men killed, 3 officers and 20 men wounded, and 3 men missing; total, 30. From the 18th to the 20th of May, 1864, the regiment rested near Spotsylvania Court-House.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 11 o'clock on the night of May 20 the Sixty-ninth took up line of march in a southerly and easterly direction; marched all night, crossed the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, and arrived at Guiney's Village about daybreak; continued the march, passing through Bowling Green and Milford Station, where our advance met with some opposition from the rebel cavalry; crossed Miflord brigade and bivouacked for the night at a point about 1 mile south of the bridge, throwing up strong entrenchments and abatis. At Milford bridge the regiment rested until 7.30 a. m. of May 23, when it continued its march toward the North Anna. Marched until noon. When near Chesterfield the corps became engaged with the enemy. The Sixty-ninth was posted in support of a battery, and sustained no loss. On the 24th of May the regiment crossed the North Anna on the pontoons, and was immediately deployed as skirmishers. On the enemy falling back, the regiment was employed in throwing up breast-works along the line of woods. On the 26th the regiment rested. The loss of the Sixty-ninth Regiment for the 24th, 25th, and 26th of May was 6 men killed, 2 officers and 14 men wounded, and 2 men missing; total, 24. On the 27th of May, 1864, the regiment fell back to its position of the 23d. On the 28th resumed march at 6 a. m., crossing the Pamunkey about noon, and camping on the opposite bank, throwing up breast-works, &amp;c.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 1st of June resumed march, and on June 2, 1864, arrived in front of the enemy's position at Cold Harbor. On June 3, about 4 o'clock, the regiment left its works and were sharply engaged for about three hours, when our forces withdrew. At night the enemy made an attack on our lines, which was handsomely repulsed, with heavy loss to them, and the works held. The loss of the regiment was 1 officer and 4 men killed, 5 officers and 58 men wounded, and 1 officer and 25 men missing; total, 94. On the 4th of June, 1864, at dark, another attack was made on our lines by the enemy, who were repulsed. From June 5 to June 11 the regiment was engagement in skirmishing, picket duty, &c., around our line.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COONAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM A LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

