
June 3.-Moved to the right, reporting to Major-General Warren, and filled a gap between the Fifth and Eighteenth Corps; threw up entrenchments.

June 4.-Were relieved by a division of the Ninth Corps and returned to the Second Corps.

June 5.-Moved at 4 p. m. to the left to extend the line toward Barker's Mill, which was accomplished by 3 a. m. of the 6th.

June 6.-Threw up entrenchments and remained until the 12th.

June 12.-Moved at dark toward the Chickahominy.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS, Numbers 29. May 7, 1864.

The major-general commanding the division regrets that its famous reputation for bravery and good discipline should have been tarnished by the conduct of the skulks, cowards, and scoundrels, wearing officers' uniforms, who aided in the disgraceful stampede of yesterday morning after the division had added to its reputation by its glorious conduct on the day before and that morning by its advance. Those regiments that disgraced themselves by the cowardly conduct of their officers will be noticed in the official report of this the great battle of the rebellion, without they show by their conduct of to-day their regret of their cowardice.

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. BIRNEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BIRNEY'S DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 13, 1864.

SOLDIERS: I congratulate you on your glorious conduct of yesterday and your endurance under the most trying circumstances. Your charge and the storming of the enemy's works will be forever remembered.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 67. Report of Brigadier General P. Regis de Trobriand, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,October 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, paragraph 5, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this brigade in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Richmond, July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The brigade, composed of Third Maine Volunteers, Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and forty-first

