
Pennsylvania Volunteers, Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, Fortieth New York Volunteers, Second U. S. Sharpshooters, numbering in all 172 commissioned officers and 3,381 enlisted men for duty, marched from camp near Cole's Hill, Va., on the night of May 3, 1864, crossing the Radian River at Ely's Ford about 10 a. m. on the 4th of May; arrived and encamped near the Chancellor house about 2 p. m. on the same day, where it remained for the night.

May 5, marched at 5 a. m., and proceeded on the road to the Furnaces, arriving at Todd's Tavern about 10 a. m., where a strong picket was thrown out, the left resting on the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, the remainder of the brigade resting en masse at the tavern. During this halt heavy cannonading was heard on our right, and at 1 p. m. the command marched in the direction of the firing, and at 3 p. m. formed line of battle near Brock's Cross-Roads, and were soon engaged with the enemy. The fighting was very sever until dark. In this fight the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers captured the colors of the Fifty-fifth Virginia (rebel) and a large number of prisoners. The brigade laid on the field all night, and about 4.30 a. m. of the 6th advanced in line of battle, but the enemy having massed a large body of troops on our left succeeded in turning our left flank (Fortieth New York and Third maine Volunteers). When it was apparent that our left was being turned the right (Twentieth Indiana and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers) was pushed forward, thus forcing the enemy to strength his left, thereby enabling this brigade to fall back to the front line of works near Brock's Cross-Roads with small loss. Remained in this position until late in the afternoon, when the enemy (Longstreet's corps) charge dour works, but after sever fighting he was repulsed and driven back in disorder. here the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania and Twentieth Indiana Volunteers (on the right) did great credit to themselves, and received the thanks of the major-general commanding division on the field. The loss in the brigade during this engagement was quite severe.

The brigade remained in the breast-works all night and the next day until about 5 p. m., when it marched in the direction of Chancellorsville, about 2 1/2 miles, and returned again to the breast-works, where it remained all night in the same position it had held the preceding day.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8, marched from the Wilderness at about 8 a. m., and arrived at Todd's Tavern at 11 a. m., and immediately took up a position a short distance from the house, the left resting on the Spotsylvania Court-House road, and the right connecting with Second Brigade. Some skirmishing took place at this point. The brigade threw up breast-works and remained in position all night.

May 9, at about 3 p. m., marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House. The Twentieth Indiana and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers were thrown out as skirmishers for the division. The Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were dispatched toward the ford of Po River to intercept the crossing of the enemy, who it was supposed were retreating in that direction from our skirmishers. Colonel Biles, commanding, soon formed a junction with the

