
nearly every color in the brigade was planted on the enemy's second line of works. The brigade fell back to the captured works in good order, and held them through several successive charges of the enemy, who endeavored their utmost to retake them during that day and succeeding night. Here Brigadier-General Ward was sent to the rear in arrest and Colonel Egan, Fiftieth New York Volunteers, took command of the brigade.

May 13, the brigade held its position and was employed in turning the captured works and otherwise rendering the position stronger.

May 14, the brigade marched a short distance to the right, relieving a portion of the Sixth Corps.

may 15, the brigade moved a few miles to the left, but was soon moved back and took up a new line with right resting on Ta River and left near the Landrum house. During this movement the brigade had some skirmishing with the enemy, when we took some prisoners, built breast-works during the night, and remained in this position until the evening of the 17th instant, when the enemy advanced on our works, but were easily repulsed. Two regiments (the Twentieth Indiana and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers) were then ordered to retake the works vacated on the morning of the 15th instant, which they did without opposition. They remained in the works a few hours, when, being relieved by other troops, they rejoined the brigade. On the morning of the 18th the brigade moved and formed in rear of the works, which the Twentieth Indiana and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania had been relieved from the preceding day to support the Sixth Corps and a portion of the Second Corps in making as assault on the enemy's works. Remained in this position all day and at night withdrew and massed near the Landrum house till near daylight, May 19, when we moved off and massed near the Anderson house. Remained here until about 6 p. m., when the brigade was ordered to support a brigade of heavy artillery,which was then engaged with Ewell's corps, they having made a raid on our wagon train on the Fredericksburg road. Formed line of battle, and at daylight advanced and captured about 500 prisoners from Ewell's corps, and at 11 a. m., 20the instant, returned to near the Anderson house.

THIRD EPOCH.

At dark on the evening of May 20 the brigade moved to the left, crossing the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad near Guiney's Station, passing through Bowling Green, and halting for dinner on the 21st on the farm of Colonel Fauntleroy. The march was then continued to Milford Station, crossing the Mattapony River near this point, and halted for the night 2 miles beyond. On the morning of the 22nd, moved out and built a splendid line of works near the Coleman house. Early in the afternoon a small reconnoitering party was sent out, which soon returned, reporting that they had found the enemy. Colonel Egan, commanding brigade, was then ordered to make a reconnaissance in force to find out the strength of the enemy, and to capture a body of the enemy's cavalry, which was supposed to be near Pole Cat Station. For this purpose the Third Maine, Fortieth New York, and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were dispatched with orders to proceed to Pole Cat Station. Numerous scouting parties were sent out in all direction from the main

