
party, and after having reached the station without finding any enemy returned; 1 cavalry man was captured from the enemy. Early on the 23rd instant the brigade moved, arriving in front of the enemy's works on the North Anna River about 1 p. m. At about 5 p. m. a portion of the brigade charged and carried the enemy's first line of breast-works and captured some prisoners. Breast-works were immediately constructed, which the brigade occupied until about 12 m. 24th instant. On the morning of the 24th the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, was ordered to effect a crossing, which was done most splendidly by felling trees across the river, on which he crossed his command. At 1 p. m. the brigade crossed tot he south side of the river and massed in rear of the Fox house. At 3 p. m. the brigade moved out and constructed breast-works in front of the Fox house, under a very severe artillery fire of the enemy. The brigade remained in the breast-works in front of the Fox house until the evening of the 26th instant, when it recrossed the North Anna River and massed about 2 miles from the crossing.

FOURTH EPOCH.

About noon of the 27th instant the brigade moved toward the Pamunkey River, which it crossed at Nelson's Ford on the 28th instant and threw up a line of works near the Elliott house, which it occupied until the evening of the 29th, when it moved out to the support of the First Division, near Topotomoy Creek. Here the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, numbering ----, was consolidated for present duty with the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The brigade remained in support of the First Division, charging position several times, until the 30th, when a portion of the brigade advanced to within 800 yards of the enemy's line and entrenched themselves under a heavy fire, and remained there over night. Quite a number of our men were killed and wounded, owing tot he commanding position of the enemy. On the morning of the 31st, the First Division having routed the enemy int heir position, the brigade advanced across the Topotomoy and threw up works in advance of the line captured from the enemy, but at dark recrossed the river and took up a position behind the works held on the night of the 29th, where it remained until midnight June 1. Here the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, numbering ---, were transferred to this brigade from the Second Brigade. In the mean time one regiment was sent on picket at the Overton house to watch the movements of the enemy, who, it was believed, was moving troops in that direction. On the night of June 1 the picket was withdrawn, and about 1 a. m. June 2 the brigade marched to Cold Harbor, where it arrived about 10 a. m. and massed on the left of the army, and in rear of the First and Second Divisions, as a support. About noon June 3 the brigade moved on the right to occupy a gap between the Fifth and Eighteenth Corps, and was gain relieved from this position about 4 p. m. of the 4th instant by a division of the Ninth Corps, when it returned to its former position on the left. This position it occupied until 5 p. m. June 5, when it was assigned a position about 4 p. m. of the 4th instant by a division of the Ninth Corps, when it returned to its former position on the left. This position it occupied until 5 p. m. June 5, when it was assigned a position on the left of the First Division, and threw up works running parallel with the Dispatch Station road, which position it occupied without fighting until the evening of June 5. The term of service of Third Maine Volunteers having expired, the veterans

