
and recruits, numbering 129 men for duty, were transferred to the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers.

June 12. Here the remnant of the Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers, numbering 58 men for duty, was consolidated with the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers.*

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE. TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 68. Report of Captain Madison M. Cannon, Fortieth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTIETH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the campaign beginning May 4, and ending July 31, 1864:

The regiment broke camp at Brandy Station at midnight May 3, with 28 officers and 630 muskets, under the command of Colonel T. W. Egan, and with the remainder of the brigade marched toward the Rapidan, crossing at Ely's Ford at 11 a. m. May 4, arriving at the Chancellorsville battle-field at 3 p. m., and halting for the night. Started at daylight morning of the 5th, with the brigade, for Todd's Tavern, arriving at 10 a. m., where we remained until 1 p. m., when we marched to Brock's Cross-Roads, from ed line of battle on the left of the plank road, and went under fire at 3 p. m., supporting the Vermont brigade, of the Sixth Corps. The command remained in support until 3.30 p. m., when we advanced, relieving the troops in our front, and engaged the enemy. The regiment fought in line of battle until dark, when the firing ceased, holding its position with heavy loss. We were then relieved by a brigade of the First Division (Barlow's), which we supported during the night. At daylight on the morning of the 6th the command was moved to the extreme left to protect the flank. In executing this movement we cut off ad captured about 100 prisoners. The regiment remained int his position until about 10 a. m., when the enemy advanced in our front, but were driven back. Finding that the enemy were attempting to flank us, the regiment changed front obliquely tot he rear, and remained in this position about an hour. During this time the line was extended to the left by a brigade of the First Division (Barlow's). They had but just established their line when the enemy advanced a strong skirmish line, followed by a heavy column. As soon as their skirmishers became engaged, the entire line on our left gave way, leaving our left flank and rear exposed to the enemy's fire. Our front was then changed to the rear, temporarily checking their advance, but in consequence of the exposed condition of our left flank, which the enemy had succeeded in turning, and the heavy fire received in rear from our own troops that had given way, we were compelled to fall back in order to escape being captured, as we

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

