
were partially surrounded. The regiment was rallied at the second line of battle, where we fought for some five minutes in conjunction with the Fourth Division, which also gave way. The confusion now became so great it was impossible to rally them again. We then fell back in rear of the breast-works on the Brock road, and formed the regiment on the right of the plank road. We were soon afterward moved in the breast-works, about 150 yards left of the plank road. In this position we were assaulted about 3 p. m., the engagement lasting about one hour when the enemy were compelled to retire. The regiment with the remainder of the brigade, occupied these works until 4 p. m. 7th, when we moved in the direction of Chancellorsville. Had proceeded about 5 miles, when we about faced and marched back to the cross-roads, and took position on the Brock road, about one-fourth of a mile on the right of the plank road, where we remained during the night. Our loss up to this time was 7 officers and 165 men.

SECOND EPOCH.

At 9 a. m. on the 8th, with the remainder of the brigade, marched to Todd's Tavern, arriving about 12 m., and took position to the right of the tavern, throwing up a strong line of breast-works. This position we occupied until 3 p. m. 9th, when we again moved with the brigade to the left about 2 miles, supporting our artillery and skirmishers, which were engaging the enemy's rear guard near the Po River. Crossed the Po River at 5 p. m., marched several hours, and bivouacked for the night on the right bank of the river. At 10 a. m. 10th recrossed the Po River on pontoons, moved to the left and relieved a portion of the Fifth Corps int he front line. At 12 m., with the brigade, was double-quicked back to the Po River to cover the crossing of the First Division, they being heavily pressed by the enemy. As soon as the crossing was effected we returned with the brigade to our former position in the works and occupied them until 5 p. m., when the brigade was massed in column of regiments preparatory to assaulting the enemy's position. Moved forward with the column, by the assault proving a failure were returned to our former position in the works, where we remained until 10 p. m. 11th, when we again moved to the left with the remainder of the brigade, and took position on the left of the Sixth Corps. At daylight on the morning of the 12th participated in the charge upon the enemy's works, carrying their first and planting our colors on their second line, capturing a large number of prisoners and guns, but owing to the confusion occasioned by having so great a distance to charge and the enemy rallying upon our right and having but feeble support, we were compelled to fall back to the first line of captured works. At this time Colonel Egan wa placed in command of the regiment. We had but just formed the regiment and had our position assigned us in the works, when we were several times assaulted with fearful slaughter. We held this position, fighting all day and night without cessation, until the morning of the 13th, when the firing ceased and the command was allowed to make coffee, this being the only opportunity in thirty-six hours.

The Command remained in this position strengthening the works until the morning of the 14th, when the command moved a short distance

