
to the right, relieving a portion of the Sixth Corps, and constructed breast-works, which position it occupied until the morning of the 15th, when the regiment with the brigade withdrew from the position, moving to the left and massing in rear of the Ninth Corps. After remaining here about an hour we moved to the right and massed with the brigade in rear of the Landrum house. The regiment with the remainder of the brigade was soon afterward formed in line of battle and moved forward to the support of the skirmish line, which was briskly engaged, and threw up a line of works running at right angles with the works captured on the 12th.

On the evening of the 17th our position was unsuccessfully assaulted by the enemy. These works we occupied until the morning of the 18th, when we moved forward to the works captured on the 12th in support of the First Division, of Second Corps, where we remained until 10 p. m., when we withdrew and massed in rear of the Landrum house. moved with the brigade at 2 a. m. 19th, crossing the Ny River and temporarily camping near the Anderson house. On the evening of the 19th moved with the brigade to the right tot he support of General Tyler's division of heavy artillery, which was engaged in protecting the trains on the Fredericksburg plank road. Advanced with the brigade relieving the heavy artillery, and remained in line of battle until near daylight, when we again advanced about a mile and found the enemy had fallen back during the night across the Ny River. A portion of the regiment was then deployed as skirmishers to scour the woods for straggling rebels, and succeeded in capturing a large number of prisoners. About 10 a. m. 20th, withdrew and returned with the brigade to the camp previously occupied near the Anderson house. Loss since leaving the Wilderness, 8 officers and 88 men.

THIRD EPOCH.

At dark on the evening of the 20th moved with the brigade tot he left, crossing the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad near Guiney's Station, passing through Bowling Green, and halting for dinner on the 21st on the farm of Colonel Fauntleroy. The march was then continued to Milford Station, crossing the Mattapony near this point and halting for the night 2 miles beyond. On the morning of the 22nd moved out with the brigade and built works near the Coleman house, which we occupied until near dark, when with other regiments of the brigade was sent out on a reconnaissance toward Pole Cat Station, returning without finding the enemy. The command moved with the brigade early on the morning of the 23d, arriving in front of the enemy's works on the North Anna River at 1 p. m. At 6 p. m., in conjunction with the Third Maine Regiment and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assaulted and carried the enemy's redoubt, capturing a small number of prisoners. We then strengthened our position by building breast-works, which we occupied until about 12 m. 24th, when we crossed over with the brigade to the south side of the river and massed in rear of the Fox house. At 3 p. m. the regiment moved out with the brigade and constructed breast-works in front of the Fox house under a very severe artillery fire. The command remained in the breast-works in front of the Fox house until the evening of the 26th, when we recrossed the North Anna River and massed about 2 miles from the crossing. Loss since leaving Spotsylvania, 18 men.

