
FOURTH EPOCH.

About noon of the 27th moved, with the brigade, toward the Pamunkey River, which stream we crossed at nelson's Ford on the 28th, and threw up a line of works near the Elliott house, which we occupied until the evening of the 29th, when we moved out to the support of the First Division near Topotomoy Creek. On the 30th, moved to the front with the brigade, and remained in support until dark, when the regiment moved out to the line, and constructed works. On the morning of the 31st, with the remainder of the brigade, advanced across the Topotomoy and threw up works in advance of the line captured from the enemy. At dark, recrossed the Topotomoy with the brigade, and took position behind the works held on the night of the 29th, where we remained until midnight June 1, when we marched with the brigade to Cold Harbor, arriving at 9 a. m. June 2, and massing near the left of the army and in rear of the First and Second Divisions as a support. About noon June 3 moved with the brigade to the right to occupy a gap between the Fifth and Eighteenth Corps, and was assigned a position in the second line of works. This position we occupied until 4 p. m. June 4, when we ewer relieved by a division of the Ninth Corps, and returned to our former position on the left. This position we occupied until 5 p. m. June 5, when whit the remainder of the brigade we were assigned a position on the left of Barlow's division, and threw up works running parallel to the Dispatch Station road. This position we occupied without any fighting until the evening of June 12. Loss since leaving North Anna River, 1 officers and 32 men.*

Respectfully submitted.

M. M. CANNON,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

[ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 2nd CORPS.]

Numbers 69. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Casper W. Tyler, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, dated August, 1864, requiring a report of operations during the campaign of this command, I have the honor to make the following:

This command left camp near Brandy Station, Va., under command of Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Watkins, on the morning of May 4, 1864, being at this time in the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps. It marched rapidly to the Rapidan, crossing at Germanna Ford about 6 a. m. Continued the march, and at 3 p. m. camped upon the old Chancellorsville battle-ground. Remained here until the morning of the 5th, resuming the march at 4.30 a. m. marched to a place called Todd's Tavern, where we halted. Remained here some hours, when we moved toward the Gordonsville and Fredericksburg

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

