
plank road. Arriving near the Gordonsville road we moved by the left flank into the woods, engaging the enemy. We drove the enemy about one-half mile,w hen darkness put an end to the engagement. During the night the line was reformed, the Twentieth Indiana on our right, and the Eight-sixth New York on our left.

At daylight on the morning of the 6th we received orders to advance and keep intact our connection with the right. We moved rapidly forward, soon engaging the enemy. We drove him before us, carrying two lines of rifle-pits. The One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, in carrying the second line of pits, captured the colors of the Thirteenth North California Volunteers, together with almost the entire regiment. The prisoners were sent to the rear under guard taken from the Fortieth New York, that regiment being in our rear as support. We received due credit oft he capture of the colors, but not for the prisoners. At this juncture of affairs our ammunition gave out, and our men were much exhausted. During the entire morning's operations there had been neither a general nor staff officer along this portion of the line. It seemed to have been left without a commander, and each regiment acted independently of the others. Soon the regiment on our right, the Twentieth Indiana, moved to the right and rear. Obediently tot he only orders we had received during the day we followed, moved to the plank road, and, being supplied with ammunition, moved up the plank road, formed line on the right of the road, and engaged the enemy, General Webb's brigade being on the right. The enemy being in overwhelming numbers soon drove us from the field. We then fell back behind some breast-works thrown up intersecting the plank road. here our regiment reformed, the Twentieth Indiana still on our right. By this time the whole line, both right and left, had fallen back, and taken possession of the rifle-pits. Soon the enemy moved upon the works, which he succeeded in carrying on our left. The line gradually gave way, and when all upon our left had vacated the works, the One hundred and forty-first went also. Tallying behind the second line of works, we soon returned to the front line, the enemy having failed to hold it. During the remainder of the first epoch nothing of importance occurred in this command. The One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers took into the fight 16 commissioned officers and 278 enlisted men. Lost during the first epoch 6 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 70 enlisted men wounded, and 4 men missing.

May 9, 10 and 11. The operations of these days consisted chiefly in marching and countermarching with the brigade, with some unimportant skirmishing. The night of the 11th moved to Laurel Hill, at the foot of which the brigade was formed in two lines, the One hundred and forty-first in the second line, with orders to move upon the enemy's works. Soon after starting the lines became mingled together; regimental organizations more or less broken up, the whole moving forward, surprising and capturing the enemy's works, taking a large number of prisoners. The One hundred and forty-first remained in the captured works during the 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th. One the evening of the 17th the enemy advanced a skirmish line close to our works, which was easily repulsed, the One hundred and forty-first taking 3 prisoners, which were sent to division headquarters under guard. On the morning of the 18th changed position in the line of works, moving to the

