
left. Remained here until early on the morning of the 19th, when the line was abandoned, the One hundred and forty-first moving with the brigade and going into camp. Toward night of the 19th formed line of battle near army headquarters, the Fortieth New York on our right; advanced across the Fredericksburg and Richmond pike, through woods and across an open field, relieving the First Maine Heavy Artillery Regiment. Threw up temporary breast-works and remained behind them until morning, when we advanced, connecting with the Fortieth New York on our right. After the line had advanced about three-quarters of a mile, halted, remained about two hours, and then returned to camp. The skirmish line, composed in part of a detail from the One hundred and forty-first, succeeded in capturing some 500 of the enemy who had straggled from their command. This concludes the operations of this regiment during the second epoch. The duty imposed upon the regiment was extremely severe and almost constant. Many of us passed four and five successive days and nights without and hours' refreshing sleep or rest. Most of the time we were exposed to the enemy's fire, and no day passed without casualties occurring. The conduct of both officers and men during this trying period was more than simply duty; it was heroism. I regret that I am unable to particularize our movements with more accuracy during these terrible days. But I only have such facts to give as memory has presented, little imagining at the time that I should ever be called upon to chronicle our operations. During the second epoch the One hundred and forty-first lost no action 3 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 34 enlisted men wounded, and 8 men missing. The missing men of this epoch were either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners, or captured on the morning of the 12th of may, doubtless having ventured too far within the enemy's lines.

May 21, marched all day, having broken camp late in the evening of the 20th, campaign at night some 2 miles from Milford Station.

May 22, moved out of camp and commenced building breast-works, when Lieutenant-Colonel Watkins was ordered to make a reconnaissance with his regiment toward Hanover Junction, which was successfully and satisfactorily accomplished, the regiment returning to the brigade at dark without loss.

May 23, marched early to near the North Anna River. The One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers was one of three regiments ordered to take a redoubt held by the enemy on the north bank of the river. Formed line under a severe fire, both from artillery and infantry, and advanced across an open, level field. The First U. S. Sharpshooters deployed upon our right, the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers obliqued to the left behind a small hill, under cover of which they advanced. The One hundred and forty-first advanced double-quick across this open field, and took shelter behind the bank of a small creek running through about the center of the lot. About 20 roads ahead the conformation of the ground offered ample protection. To reach this natural cover we had to run the gauntlet of the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery in the redoubt and rifle-pits, extending both right and left of it. The regiment, hesitating only a second, at the command "Forward!" rushed across the field, connecting on the right with the First

