
U. S. Sharpshooters and on the left with the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The impossibility of so small a force taking the redoubt was evident. We were ordered to hold this position. Toward night, other dispositions having been made, the line was ordered forward. Moving forward, line deployed, the colors of the One hundred and forty-first Regiment were the first planted upon the redoubt. We took 2 prisoners, who were sent to the rear under guard. After holding in part the redoubt and placing sharpshooters to cover the bridge, we moved to the left and built breast-works.

May 24, 25, and 26 were unimportant days. During the time we crossed the North Anna, built two or three lines of works, marched and counter-marched several times, shelled lively, and on the night of the 26th recrossed and bivouacked upon the north bank of the North Anna River, about 1 mile from the railroad bridge. During this epoch the loss of the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was 2 enlisted men killed, 2 wounded, and 2 missing. During the fourth epoch the One hundred and forty-first Regiment was commanded by Colonel H. J. Madill, he having joined the regiment on the morning of the 30th. The regiment was frequently under fire, though at no time engaged with the enemy, except in some unimportant skirmishes. Our loss was 1 enlisted man killed, 4 wounded, and 1 missing.*

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. TYLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 70. Report of Colonel Elijah Walker, Fourth Maine Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 19-20.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,May 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the operations of last night, 19th instant, and this a. m., 246 prisoners were taken by my command, by by some authority, either valid or otherwise, the guard who conducted them to the rear for the purpose of turning them over to the division provost-marshal were ordered to turn 102 over to the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel T. W. Egan, Fortieth New York Volunteers; also 11 were turned over to the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery. These commands are accredited with them, although the Second Brigade captured them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIJAH WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major F. BIRNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Second Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

