
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps.*

May 3.-The brigade broke camp at Brandy Station, Va., and marched all night.

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan in the morning and marched over the old battle-ground of Chancellorsville.

May 5.-Began the battle of the Wilderness, when Brigadier General Alexander Hays, then commanding brigade, was hot through the head and killed.

May 6.-The battle raging fearfully.

May 7.-The brigade was sent on a reconnaissance to ascertain if the enemy were there.

May 8.-Started toward Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 10.-Had another engagement.

May 11.-Had no serious fighting, yet we were under fire all day; marched all night.

May 12.-The brigade participated in the one grand charge of the war, when there was nearly one entire division of rebels taken, including the rebel Generals Johnson and Stewart, besides many stand of colors. This brigade took eighteen pieces of artillery.

May 20.-We started at night on another march by the left flank, marching that night and all the next day, passing through Bowling Green, and crossing the Mattapony River that evening near Milford Station.

May 23.-Started for Chesterfield, Va., North Anna River, but found the enemy on the river in force. Just before dark the brigade, under Colonel Pierce, of the Third Michigan, together with the First Brigade, made a charge on the enemy, which was very successful.

May 26.-At night we again withdrew from the front of the enemy and started for the Pamunkey, which river we crossed May 28.

May 29.-In the afternoon the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery was assigned to the brigade, being an accession of 67 officers and 1,585 men.

June 1.-Stationed near Cold Harbor, Va. The Seventeenth Maine-consisting of 12 officers and 168 men present and 16 officers and 454 men absent; aggregate, 656-were transferred to First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, per Special Orders, No.-, headquarters Third Division, Second Army Corps, dated June 1, 1864.

June 4.-Colonel B. R. Pierce was assigned to the command of a brigade in the Second Division, Second Army Corps, per Special Orders, dated headquarters Second Corps, June 3, 1864.

June 7.-He was promoted to brigadier-general of volunteers.

June 10.-The term of service of the Third Michigan Volunteers expired, and the original organization, consisting of 17 officers and 164 men, were sent to Michigan to be mustered out, while the remainder, consisting of 1 officer and 209 men, were transferee to the Fifth Michigan.

June 12.-We received marching order, and the same night the brigade started with the rest of the division for James River.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

