
the part taken, and casualties in the Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers front he 4th day of May to the 31st day of July, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

We broke camp near Brandy Station, Va., about 9 p. m., on the night of the 3rd of May, and took up our line of march at 1 a. m., May 4, with 330 men armed and equipped. In the forenoon of May 4 crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford; that night bivouacked on the old battle-ground at Chancellorsville. On the morning of the 5th marched to Todd's Tavern, faced about, marched back to the Wilderness, and engaged the enemy on the right of the plank road. The Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right, and the Fourth Regiment Maine Volunteers on our left, across the plank road, had a severe engagement with the enemy.

May 6, took position on the left of the plank road, me the enemy, and a sharp engagement ensued. In the afternoon was forced back by a flank movement of the enemy on our left to the turnpike leading to Todd's Tavern, where we formed in the third line of battle. The first line being broken, the third line charged on the enemy and drove them back into the woods.

May 7, made reconnaissance; found the enemy in force; skirmished sharply with them; was ordered to fall back; did so in good order; took the position we had left in the morning; remained there until the morning of the 8th of May. Lost in first epoch: Colonel Peter Sides, wounded through the left fore-arm by gunshot (severe); First Lieutenant F. V. Shaw, Company H, wounded in head by gunshot (severe); 24 enlisted men killed, 111 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8, 6 a.m., took up line of march by the left flank to Todd's Tavern, which was reached by noon. At 2 p. m. marched our and erected breast-works; remained there until 12 m. May 9; thence taking up line of march crossed the Po River at 5 p. m.; marched about 2 miles and bivouacked for the night.

Made reconnaissance 6 a. m. May 10; found the enemy in force, fell back, and were held as reserve; bivouacked for the night in the field.

May 11, 6 a. m., moved into the rifle-pits on the right of the Fifth Corps. At sundown received orders to make large fires and let them gradually burn down. Took up line of march at 10 p. m.; marched all night. At daybreak formed in front line of the right of the Seventeenth Regiment Maine Volunteers and on the left of the Fifth Regiment Michigan Volunteers; charged on the enemy and drove them out of their third line of works, then fell back to the first line; held our position and helped remove horses, guns, and caissons captured from the enemy; remained in the breast-works until the next day, May 13. Lost in second epoch: Captain Edgar Williams, mortally wounded; First Lieutenant John Bowers, Company I, mortally wounded; Captain J. B. Lyons, Company A, slightly wounded; Second Lieutenant J. C. Green, Company A, killed; 5 enlisted men killed, 16 enlisted men wounded, and 4 enlisted men missing.

