
THIRD EPOCH.

May 13, remained in rifle-pits during the day and night.

May 14, moved back to the rear into an open field, 6 p. m., moved to the right not far from the Brown house, and threw up rifle-pits. We seemed to be on the extreme right of the army, and threw out vedettes and pickets a considerable distance to the right.

May 15, there seemed to be a general moved of the army. The other divisions of our corps crossed the Ny River. Our division was left as rear guard, and took a defensive position in rear of General Burnside's right flank. In afternoon there was strong prospects of an attack on our right and rear, but all passed off quietly.

May 17, relieved General Mott's brigade early in the morning, and remained quietly in the rifle-pits. About 6 p. m. a reconnaissance was made by the enemy on our line near the Landrum house, the First Brigade being the opposing party. Charged the enemy and drove them back; quiet was again restored.

May 18, started on a tedious march to the left; arrived in an open field near army headquarters. Remained here quietly until May 19, 5 a. m.; an attack was made on our communication by the enemy; we were sent back hurriedly some 3 miles to assist Tyler's brigade, who were fighting; got into position in front of the enemy.

May 20, advanced, but found they had withdrawn. In conjunction with the First Brigade captured about 400 stragglers. Returned to the open field near army headquarters. Remained quiet until 1 a. m.

May 21, took up line of march to the left, passed through Bowling Green, and halted at Milford Station for a short time; crossed the Mattapony River and took position 1 mile or more from the river after performing various evolutions and marches. On the 23rd of May came to the North Anna River; threw up line of rifle-pits; were ordered on picket; deployed along the bank of the river.

Morning of May 24 was shelled by the enemy from the south side of the river; 11 a. m. were relieved; bivouacked for the night in rear of rifle-pits.

May 25, moved across the river at 11 a. m., and joined the brigade; formed a line of battle on the brow of a hill to the left of the Fox house.

May 27, recrossed the river to the north side. Lost in third epoch: One enlisted man killed, 3 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man missing.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28, crossed the Pamunkey River at Nelson's Ferry; moved up the river about 2 miles and threw up temporary works.

May 31, came up to Cold Harbor; threw up breast-works; skirmished with the enemy; remained in this vicinity until the 12th of June. lost in fourth epoch: One enlisted man wounded, 3 enlisted men missing.*

Respectfully submitted.

WM. B. NEEPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

