
Numbers 73. Report of Captain John Wilson, First U. S. Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance whit orders from superior headquarters. I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the First U. S. Sharpshooters in the late operations in Virginia, up to July 30, 1864, accompanied by a numerical list of casualties:

At about 11 o'clock of the evening of May 3, 1864, the regiment broke camp at Brandy Station, Va., and took up its line of march, crossing the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and bivouacked on the old Chancellorsville battle-ground that night. Continued our march the next morning (May 5). At 3.30 p. m. it became evident front he firing that some portion of our army was engaged. We marched in the direction from whence it proceeded with all haste. About 5 o'clock the column halted and formed in line. The sharpshooters were deployed in the woods, in front of the Second Brigade, and had quite a skirmish with the enemy, losing 5 killed, 14 wounded, and 6 prisoners, including Major Charles P. mattocks, Seventeenth maine Volunteers (commanding regiment).

We that night rejoined the brigade and in the morning covered their advance thought he woods, engaging the enemy, and remaining with the brigade until they fell back to the cross-roads. Our loss this day was 4 killed and 12 wounded. On the morning of the 7th made a reconnaissance of the enemy's position in front of our division; by order General Birney drove in the enemy's pickets and skirmishers to their main breast-works, and established a picket-line, remaining here until the next morning. In the mean time our army was moving to the left. Our loss in this skirmish was 5 killed and 13 wounded, including 2 officers. On the morning of the 8th left the picket-line and the Chancellorsville plank road to our left, nothing of especial interest occurring until the morning of the memorable 12th of May, when the regiment covered the flank and a portion of the front of Birney's division in their advance on the enemy's works at Spotsylvania Court-House. The two right companies of this regiment were the first to confront the enemy's works at that point where four pieces of artillery were taken, and by pouring in a rapid and accurate fire at 200 yards distant, where our lines were advancing, prevented the work of this battery, in a manner rendering excellent service and doing good execution. Our loss on this occasion was 4 killed and 13 wounded, including 1 officer. In the skirmish at the McCool house in front of our lines at Spotsylvania, on the 14th, our loss was 2 killed and 6 wounded.

On the 31st of May had a skirmish at Topotomoy Creek, capturing some prisoners, and losing 1 killed and 7 wounded, including 1 officer. From the 3rd until the 12th of June, at Cold Harbor, detachments from the regiment were on duty on the advanced lines of the different divisions in this corps. Our loss during this interval was 3 killed and 21 wounded, including 1 officer.*

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. WILSON,

Captain, Commanding.

[Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

