
Numbers 74. Reports of Brigadier General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, of the conduct of the Third Brigade May 15 and operations May 30.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,May 17, 1864.

MAJOR: Pursuant to instruction in Special Orders from headquarters Third Division, Second Army Corps, dated May 16, 1864, 8.30 a. m., I have the honor to make the following report:

After making a careful investigation of the facts connected with the conduct of this command during the attack [the 15th instant] referred to, I find that a portion of two regiments, the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, did temporarily withdraw front heir position in line in consequence of a severe enfilading fire from the guns of the enemy, which had become very destructive. This break in the line was immediately covered by a skirmish line, and as soon as the artillery fire ceased the troops that were withdrawn were placed again in position. It is evident from the combined testimony of officers occupying positions along other portions of the line,w ho saw the effect of the enemy's guns at that point, it was impossible to keep a line of battle in position there, the whole line being enfiladed. Considerable confusion was caused along the line by the troops of the First Division of this corps occupying the picket-line in our front; being driven in by the enemy's skirmishers, they took refuge behind the breast-works, and when the enemy opened with artillery broke and ran to the rear.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major F. BIRNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Second Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864.

MAJOR: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Third Division, I have the honor to report that ta 7.25 this p. m. I received orders to attack the enemy without delay. I immediately ordered my pickets to advance, which was promptly done, and prepared the brigade for an attack. Three regiments of my right advanced some 200 yards, the other about 100 yards, when the order to attack was countermanded. When the order to attack was received, the brigade was lying in the woods, screened from the enemy, with the intention of taking a position or advance at dusk. The position is now taken, and the rifle-pits being built. It was impracticable to to it before, as the command would have been exposed to the fire from the enemy's works. My pickets are now advanced, and the connection on the right and left are perfected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General.

Major F. BIRNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Second Army Corps.

