
breast-works. The regiment on my right, Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Merriam, and Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover, on my left, advanced and took possession of the front works. They made a handsome charge across the field; everything was now working favorably. In a few minutes my horse was mortally wounded by two rifle-balls. I dismounted and walked toward my line; was hit by a spent ball on or near my old wound that paralyzed my leg, and for the time was unable to perform duty. Communicating the fact to General Mott, I retired from the field.

In conclusion permit me to say that both officers and men deserve credit for the heroism and bravery displayed, for all seemed to do their duty nobly. Much credit is due my staff in all the trying scenes and dangers of this day; not an officer or man left his post except the stragglers between the brigades spoken of above.

Saturday, May 7, 12 m., felt better and reported to General Mott for duty. Took command of my brigade and relieved Colonel N. B. McLaughlen. At 4 p. m. moved along the Brock road and relieved General Robinson.

May 8, 4.30 a. m., ordered to be ready to move; at 7.30 a. m. moved; at 11.30 a. m. halted in a pine woods near Todd's Tavern; fortified; some firing on our left; remained all night.

May 9, ordered to being readiness to move at a moment's notice. At 2 p. m. moved, and occupied the line of works near the tavern; remained there all night.

SECOND EPOCH.

It being the march to Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., and the operations in front of that place.

May 10, ordered to be ready to move at 3 a. m. Moved at 4 a. m. toward Spotsylvania Court-House; formed in column of masses in rear of Second Brigade, near the Brown house; 2 p. m., ordered to be ready to move on the enemy's works at 5 p. m.; 4.30 p. m., line ready, with skirmishers in front; Sixth new Jersey Volunteers detailed for that purpose, Colonel Gilkyson in command, with full instructions; my brigade in front line, Second Brigade in rear, Colonel Campbell on my right, with two regiments of the Sixth Corps; 5 p. m. General Mott instructed me to forward. I gave the order. We moved through the woods and drove the enemy's skirmishers back toward their works. On reaching the open field, the enemy opened his batteries, enfilanding our lines and causing our men to fall back in confusion, excepting a small portion of the front line. Colonel Blaisdell, Colonel Campbell, and myself consulted as to what was to be done, and concluded that there was nothing left but to fall back, which we did, to the foot of the hill. Before reaching this place we threw out a line of pickets in advance of the old one, and massed our forces as a reserve, and remained for the night.

May 11, 3 a. m., ordered to move my reserves back behind the breast-works and leave the pickets. At dawn of day moved with the division to the right in rear of the Sixth Corps and massed. In the afternoon moved to the left and went into the breast-works vacated by the Sixth Corps. As soon as it was dark ordered to move to the Brown house, and took position behind breast-works.

