
May 12, at dawn of day we moved forward with other troops to charge the works, my brigade int he third line. When first line reached the open field, in the rapid movements they seemed to part in my front and left an open space into which I pushed my brigade forward during the advance and assisted in driving the enemy from his line of works and followed in rapid pursuit until they rolled the tide of battle back on us, when we fell back into and behind their first line of works. Prisoners were sent to the rear. We now commenced hauling back the artillery that we had captured. My men worked hard at this and turned two of these guns ont he enemy, who were at this time advancing upon us. Captain H. D. Crane, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, with a squad of men succeeded in removing and manning one of these guns and deserves to be mentioned favorably. Adt. C. F. Moore and Lieutenant Joseph T. Note, with a squad of men from the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, brought back and manned another steel gun. Private Page, of this regiment, rendered very efficient service in working it. Two brass pieces were also brought back by other parties from my command and assistance rendered to others. Great credit is due to these officers and men for their gallantry. Captain William J. Evans, of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, lost his life while thus engaged; he worked heroically. In the advance and retreat to this point, regiments, brigades,a nd divisions, as well as corps, became somewhat mingled together, but to do justice, great credit is due to all, for each had their representatives in this fight and fought most gallantly. This place now became the assailing point, for the enemy retook the works to our right and determined to dislodge us. Their massed columns advanced again and again, and each time were driven ace, but still the battle raged. heavy masses of our troops held them in check and determined not to let them gain an inch. Irrespective of command she officers present moved forward troops to hold this point. Having now lost the intrnchments to our right, we formed a line in an obtuse angle, but line after line melted away before the enemy's fire and it seemed almost impossible to hold the crest of the hill. The Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers was ordered by General Mott from my left to this position. They lost heavily, and the brave Lieutenant Colonel Waldo Merram, commanding the regiment, was killed. Much credit is due the officers and men of this regiment. About this time the brave and gallant Captain T. W. Eayre, assistant adjutant-general of General Mott's staff, was also killed. Ammunition would run out and a new supply would be furnished. Guns would become foul, when we would order the men back to wash them out and then return to fight on. The rain poured down, the mud became almost impassable, men became exhausted, night closed on us, and if we ceased firing a moment the rebels would advance. The First Regimen Massachusetts Volunteers was now brought in the line to relieve some that were worn down with fatigue, fought splendidly until the firing ceased, about 3 a. m. on the morning of the 13th, after firing several hundred rounds of cartridges to the man. The brigade I had the honor to command, though mingled with others to some extent, bore a gallant part in this terrible battle, many of them under that galling fire for fourteen hours. The officers and men present did their duty faithfully. Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, deserves great credit in assisting in getting off the artillery, urging men forward, and encouraging them to stand to their posts, he remaining from the beginning

