
of the contest to its close. We seemed to be connected with eh Sixth Corps; General Eustis was in command and was very efficient. Had not the utmost exertions, bravery, and gallantry been displayed by the officers and men of the several organizations we would have lost all that was gained that day. The cool bravery displayed there by both officers and men as individuals surpasses anything that I have witnessed in battle contests.

May 13, ordered to move out in rear and mass our troops. 12 m., ordered to consolidate Fourth Division with the Third Division. General Mott took command and I returned to my regiment.

Your obedient servant,

R. MCALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps.

Numbers 76. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations May 4-20.

FIRST EPOCH.

The crossing of the Rapidan and the battles of the Wilderness.

At 1 a. m. May 4, 1864, the regiment left its winter quarters near Brandy Station, Va., and with the remainder of the brigade made a rapid march to Ely's Ford on the Rapidan, which was crossed at 11 the same forenoon. At his point the regiment was detailed to guard the ammunition train, and continued on this duty until it reached the Chancellorsville battle-ground, where it joined the brigade at 3.45 p. m.; continued the march on the morning of May 5 at 5 a. m., reached the Brock road early in the afternoon, and at once threw up a temporary breast-works. At 4 p. m. the command was passed along the line "By the right of companies to the front," which was repeated and the regiment moved forward as directed. After proceeding a very short distance through the dense under-bush, I was directed by the brigade commander to form line of battle, which I did so far as circumstances would permit. With the regiments on the right and left crowding, and in the midst of an almost impassable underbrush, it was found impossible to form a line of battle in the space i occupied on the road. There was much confusion in the ranks till the regiment reached the crest of the hill, when, by detailing the three left companies, I succeeded in placing the remainder of the regiment in proper line. As yet we had received no fire from the enemy except an occasional shot from the skirmish line, which was returned. We had been in this position but a short time, when a few volleys of musketry were heard to the extreme left and rear, and immediately the line on the left, as far as I could see, commenced falling back in confusion. This was rapidly carried on to the right, and when the Sixteenth Massachusetts, which was on my immediate left, took up the movement my regiment followed and all efforts to rally the men were fruitless. The troops seemed panic-strucken, and for what reason I was never able to imagine. They acted as if their only safety was the works which they had so hastily erected. I desire to mention one exception,

