
This work was continued until the afternoon of the 9th, when we moved a short distance and the regiment went into position near Todd's Tavern. Moved forward the next morning at daylight, and about 8 a. m. reached a point near the Brown house, where we remained until 5 p. m., when the regiment took position on the extreme left of the division, preparatory to an advance. At 5.30 the regiment moved forward and was repulsed when it reached the crest commanded by the enemy's canister. I rallied a portion of the regiment and with men from different regiments established a picket-line. On the afternoon of the 11th an attempt was made to take a direct fire of the enemy's batteries. The regiment was relieved about 6 p. m. and joined the brigade about a mile to the right. At 9.30 the same night moved back to a point near the Brown house and went into position.

May 12, in line at daylight. Soon after the regiment having position on the extreme right advanced with the brigade to the front. At the movement of entering the woods Lieutenant Egan was killed by an unexploded shell. The regiment advanced steadily, crossed the first line of the enemy's works, and reached our front line, then engaged with the enemy, who occupied his second line. The fire at this point was maintained but a short time, our whole line falling back to the enemy's first line of works. The fire from these works was kept up for an hour or more when all that portion of the line on the right of the crest, where the heavy fire continued faring the day, fell back and the enemy took possession of the works. A portion of my regiment was carried back with this line. I maintained, with what men I could collect, the left of the line, which had been formed at right angles to the breast-works. I continued in this position all day and part of the night, when I moved a short distance to the rear with a few men and remained until the following morning, when the regiment moved a short distance to the right and received ammunition. Colonel McAllister assumed command of the regiment to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. J. RUSLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

During the forenoon moved up with the brigade to the breast-works and took position near the fighting point of the day previous, where we remained during the night.

May 15, moved off at daylight and massed in the woods a mile to the left. At 10 a. m. the regiment moved up and took position in the breast-works under a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. The same forenoon, between the hours of 11 and 12, the enemy completely enfiladed our line with one of his batteries, killing Lieutenant Baldwin, who was struck on the head with an unexploded shell. The regiment remained in this position until 5 a. m. on the morning of the 17th, when it moved half a mile to the rear and massed in the woods. At 9 p. m. the same day, moved half a mile to the right and bivouacked.

May 18, moved to the front at daylight this morning again entered the works under a heavy shell fire; 9 p. m., moved to the left and took position in the works near the place occupied on the 15th.

