
May 19, marched off hurriedly at 2.30 p. m., and reached the Anderson house early in the morning, where we remained until nearly dark, when we marched rapidly tot eh right about 2 miles and went into line of battle.

May 20, 4 a. m., moved a short distance to the right and advanced through the woods in line of battle, and at 7 a. m., reached our camp on the Anderson farm.

JOHN SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 77. Report of Colonel Robert McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations May 21-June 12.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

May 21.-Resumed the march at 12 midnight; moved rapidly and crossed the Mattapony at 4.30 p. m. and bivouacked.

May 22.-Moved a mile to the front at 7.30 a. m., and was engaged the remaining portion of the day in putting up a secure breast-work.

May 23.-Moved off at 6 o clock and reached Chesterfield Ford at 4 p. m., where, in accordance with orders from General Mott, I established a strong picket-line covering this point. The regiment with the remainder of the brigade picket was relieved at dark; joined the brigade soon after and marched to the left, reaching a point above the railroad bridge at 9 p. m., where works were thrown up during the night.

May 24.--The regiment was employed this morning in strengthening the works, and at 8.30 a. m. accompanied the brigade in a charge over the North Anna under a fearful fire from the enemy's batteries. The regiment went into position on the crest of the hill beyond, and at once strengthened the works evacuated by the enemy. New works were thrown up during the day and the following night a short distance farther to the front. In the afternoon moved forward to the front works, where we remained until the night of the 26th, when we recrossed the river at 12.30 a. m. Halted on the right of the railroad at 1.30 a. m. and bivouacked.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Topotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

Friday, May 27.-The regiment left its bivouac near the railroad early in the afternoon and marched rapidly until 9 o'clock, when a halt was made until 11 o'clock, when we again moved forward and bivouacked at 1 o'clock for the night.

Saturday, May 28.-Moved off early this morning; marched rapidly and crossed the Pamunkey, near Hanovertown, at 5 p. m.,; continued the march a mile beyond, went into position and threw up a secure line of works before 10 o'clock at night.

