
Sunday, May 29.-Resumed the march at 5 a. m. Reached the Tinsley house at dark, threw up a rifle-pit, and bivouacked.

Monday, May 30.-The regiment formed part of a reconnoitering force sent out to develop the enemy's lines, and went into position on an eminence near a branch of the Topotomoy.

Tuesday, May 31.-The regiment, with a portion of the brigade, moved to the front int eh forenoon, crossed the valley and took position on the opposite height, and during the day threw up three lines of works.

June 1.-Recrossed the valley at 3 a. m. and went into position in the works near the Overton house. The regiment was soon thereafter sent by General Mott to picket the roads to the front and right. Continued in this position until 9.30 p. m., when the picket was assembled and the regiment joined the brigade.

June 2.-Marched after daylight and reached Cold Harbor at 9.30 a. m. In the afternoon moved three-quarters of a mile to the left and massed.

June 3.-In motion at 4.30 a. m. At 5 o'clock moved forward on double-quick and passed off by the right flank, having 3 men wounded by the enemy's shells. In a few moments moved to the rear and massed. At this point the regiment remained for a short time when int moved with the brigade to the right, taking position on the left of General Crawford's division of the Ninth Corps, where a heavy line of breast-works was thrown up during the day.

June 4.-Moved back to the left in the afternoon and massed in the woods, where we remained until 4 p. m. on the 5th, when the regiment accompanied the brigade to the left. Halted near our first line of works, where the regiment lay under a severe shell fire for half an hour or more. Resumed the march through the woods at midnight and went into position at 2 a. m. at Barker's Mill, and put up breast-works, as usual. The regiment remained in this position until the night of June 12, nothing unusual occurring.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT MCALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant . WILLIAM J. RUSLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 78. Report of Captain Thomas C. Godfrey, Fifth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, paragraph 5, headquarters Army of the Potomac, to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers in the actions, &amp;c., between May 4 and July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 4th day of May crossed the Rapidan about 1 p. m., and on the 5th engaged the enemy in the Wildeness. The Right wing of the regiment deployed on skirmish line, left holding the right of

---------------

*For continuation of report, see. Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

