
line between Fifth and Eighteenth Corps about 1.30 p. m., and built works and remained there all night. June 4, relieved about 5 p. m. by Burnside's troops, and we returned to the same bivouac we occupied on the 3rd instant. June 5 at 6 p. m. moved to the left a short distance, and at 12 midnight commenced to build works. At 8.30 a. m. of the 6th the regiment went on picket and remained all night and the next day until 7 p. m.

After reporting at brigade headquarters the regiment was again ordered back to take a position in the rear of the picket-line, and act as a corps of observation. 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th, remained in camp and on picket near New Bridge. At about 9 o'clock on the evening of the 12th started to join the brigade, after which marched some 4 miles, and rested until morning, when we again moved forward toward Wilcox's Landing; at 9 p. m. halted for the night.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. GODFREY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 79. Report of Captain Thomas C. Thompson, Seventh New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to paragraph 5, Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan, May 3, 1864 to July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The crossing of the Rapidan and the battles of the Wilderness.

Crossed the Rapidan on pontoons at Ely's Ford on the afternoon of May 4, 1864. Marched to near Chancellorsville and bivouacked for the night, May Frederick Cooper at that time commanding regiment. Early on the morning of May 5 marched toward Fredericksburg, and about 3 p. m. halted on the Brock road in the Wilderness, and formed line of battle along the road, the right resting near the plank road, which crosses the Brock road, and the left extending down the road in direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. In compliance with orders, breast-works were hastily constructed, and about 5 p. m., the enemy then being in front, orders were given to advance. The regiment was in the first line of battle, a second line following at supporting distance. Proceeding some 300 yards through a dense jungle of scrub oak, which in a degree was almost impassable, it became necessary to halt and reform line. This was found to be almost impossible, as nearly the whole regiment had become overlapped by the other regiments on right and left. To avoid additional confusion the regiment was withdrawn a few paces to the rear, in order to re-establish the line, and just when in readiness to press forward the enemy attacked, but was repulsed. Pressing

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

