
heavily on the left of the line the enemy succeeded in forcing our troops to retire, which in turn compelled my regiment to do likewise. Passing over the second line of battle the breast-works were rained, order established, and here remained during the night. Shortly after daylight on the morning of May 6 skirmishers were pushed forward in rear of the first line of battle, this regiment being in the second line, and a third line following within supporting distance. Some few hours were consumed in slowly advancing, and shortly after the first line of battle became engaged my command moved quickly forward to within a short distance of the line engaged and there halted. Our services were not required, as the enemy did not hold their position, breaking and retreating with but little resistance. Relieving the first and advancing to a commanding position a halt was made. No enemy being visible in our front, nothing of importance transpired until about

-----

when by some means the enemy managed to file through a gap on the left of the line and made an attack on flank and rear. Facing about, my command marched quickly to the support of the troops attacked. Being nearly surrounded by evidently a greatly superior force, a retreat became necessary, and which was accomplished. Regaining the works, my regiment was placed in the second line. About 4 p. m. the enemy in strong force assaulted the front line of works, a portion of which they carried, but a heavy fire being opened upon them from the second line and charge made recaptured the work. Nothing of importance occurred during the balance of the day. On May 7 the regiment was not engaged in battle, simply marching and countermarching the greater part of the day, and in the afternoon relieving troops of the Fifth Corps.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House, and the operations in front of that place.

On the morning of May 8 marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and upon arriving in the vicinity of Todd's Tavern halted and formed line of battle across the road facing toward Fredericksburg. Here a small breast-works was erected, but no attack was made further than upon a portion of our pickets. Remained all night on that line, and about 2 p. m. on the afternoon of May 9 moved forward to Todd's Tavern, occupying the works at that place. Nothing worthy of note transpired while here, and on the morning of May 10 moved forward and joined the main body of the army, leaving 50 men to guard wagon train, and were assigned to take position near ---- house, on the extreme left flank of the army and directly in front of the right flank of the enemy. Here we remained idle until about 4.30 p. m., when with the brigade we massed in a dense wood. All being in readiness Major Cooper, at the given command, ordered the regiment forward. Driving in the rebel pickets and advancing to an open field brought us into full view of the reel works some 600 yards distant. hardly had the line emerged from the wood when the enemy opened upon the column a heavy fire, where-upon the whole line broke and retreated toward our works. By considerable exertion Major Cooper succeeded in rallying a portion of the regiment, and advancing some distance into the wood established a picket-line, which he held until near 9 p. m. of the 11th. Before daybreak on the morning of the 12th of May the division to which

