
my regiment belongs, having been re-enforced by the balance of the corps (Second), and other troops, assisted in the storming and capture of the works on the right flank of the enemy. The enemy made frequent attempts to retake the works, but were repulsed each time. During the day a heavy rain-storm prevailed, but notwithstanding the uncomfortableness of the situation the men stood well up to their work and kept up a steady fire all day and late in the evening. I regret to state that here the country was deprived of the services of a most gallant and efficient officer in the death of Captain William James Evans, who was killed while faithfully discharging his duty. In accordance with orders the regiment was withdrawn about midnight to a short distance in the rear, and there obtained what was greatly required-food and rest.

From the 13th of May to the 18th nothing further occurred than changing from one position to another along the line of breast-works, and at various time picket-firing and undergoing a slight shelling. On the night of the 18th of May moved across Po River and camped near the Anderson house. About night-fall, may 19, the enemy having attacked the troops guarding a wagon train, Major Cooper received orders to move with the brigade to the support of the troops attacked. Upon arriving at the scene of action the regiment was assigned to the right of the line, and throwing out skirmishers remained all night. Early in the morning assisted in scouring the woods, and finding that the enemy ha retreated during the night returned to camp.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

Early on the evening of May 21 moved toward Mattapony River, passing Massaponax Church, and shortly after daylight arrived at Guiney's Station, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad. Here Major Cooper was ordered to proceed to the railroad and occupy a line of works, which were thee, until the column had passed. A small force of the enemy were discovered hovering along the banks of the Mattapony, which runs by Guiney's, but no attack was offered by either side. Being relieved by another regiment we moved on to join our brigade, which we joined at ought on the south bank of the Mattapony, 1 mile beyond Milford. On the morning of the 22nd, having advanced a short distance,began erecting breast-works, and on the 23rd vacated the works and marched toward the North Anna River, arriving in vicinity of the river about midnight of the 23d. The enemy were found to be in strong force on the opposite bank. here this regiment was placed in reserve in ear of the brigade, remaining all night. On the morning of the 24th Major Cooper received orders to follow the brigade and cross the bridge which spans the river near the railroad bridge. This feat was accomplished under a severe artillery fire of the enemy with the loss of but 1 man wounded. Taking up position besides the Ellington house, on right of the railroad we remained idle until 2 p. m., when orders were given to Major Cooper to send his regiment on picket. Complying with orders, Major Cooper sent Captain Thompson to command the regiment, and to report to the division officer of the day. This being done, Captain Thompson, in accordance with orders, pressed forward into the woods, attacked the enemy's pickets, driving them to their breast-works, and established an advanced

