
picket-line. In this affair 1 officer was wounded and 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded. With the exception of throwing up breastworks nothing of importance occurred while in that vicinity.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

On the night of May 26 recrossed the North Anna and bivouacked for the night. After a severe march across the Pamunkey River on pontoons on the 28th of May, formed line of battle and threw up breast-works. From the 28th to the 31st of May the regiment was not engaged in battle, the duty performed being to advance at times and building breast-works. On the night of May 30 reached the Totopotomoy, and threw up earth-works. Although the regiment was within 100 yards of the enemy's fortifications not a shot was fired during the night. On the morning of May 31 the enemy abandoned their works and fell back across the----road, where they held a strong line of works. As soon as it was discovered that the enemy were falling back the regiment joined in the pursuit, crossing the creek and occupying the works. About noon on the same day the regiment was ordered to re-enforce the picket-line, and in so doing, the enemy being in close proximity, several men were lost. Reaching the----road and line formed, the embankment beside the road afforded good protection, owing to which fact the loss was quite small. Here considerable skirmishing took place, but no general engagement. At night, being relieved, recrossed the Totopotomoy and occupied the works built by this regiment on the 29th. Here remaining until midnight orders came to march. Marched all night and arrived at Cold Harbor about noon June 2. Further than moving to various points of the line and erecting breast-works nothing was done on our part worthy of note. On the night of June 5 marched to the left, halting at Barker's Mill and erecting breastworks. Remained idle until June 12, when the regiment was placed on picket.

During the night our forces marched toward the James, and at daylight, June 13, the pickets were withdrawn, and moved on to join our brigade.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding.

Numbers 80. Itinerary of the Fourth Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, May 3-31.#

May 3.-Broke camp at 10.30 p.m. Moved at 11.30 in the direction of Rapidan River.

May 4.-Crossed the river at 10 a.m., and marched to Chancellorsville, and bivouacked for the night.

May 5.-Broke camp at 5 a.m., and marched in the direction of Todd's Tavern. Took position at 2 p.m. on the Brock road, in second line. At 4 p.m. the brigade was marched into the woods, and

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

#From return for May. Up to May 13 this command was the Second Brigade of the Fourth Division.

---------------

