
became engaged with the enemy. The line fell back to the first position on the road.

May 6, at 5 a.m. advanced into the woods and engaged the enemy. At 11 a.m. the left flank of the division was turned, and we fell back to the road. At 3.30 p.m. Longstreet's corps advanced and charged our position, and was repulsed with loss.

May 7.-Brigade moved to the extreme right of division, resting on Germanna Ford road. No engagement during the day.

May 8.-Moved to Todd's Tavern, and threw up intrenchments.

May 9.-Moved at 5 a.m. toward Spotsylvania Court-House. Three regiments detached to the Provisional Brigade, commanded by Colonel Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers.

May 10.-Moved at 3 a.m. to Brown's farm. Met the enemy and deployed the Seventy-first and One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers as skirmishers. At 3 p.m. the brigade was advanced, and discovered the enemy in a strongly intrenched position. At 5 p.m. the division charged the enemy's position and fell back with severe loss. Reformed and intrenched.

May 11.-At 3.30 a.m. the brigade moved to the right. At 9 o'clock the Seventieth, Seventy-first, Seventy-third, and Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers were sent back to reconnoiter the enemy's position, and skirmished with the enemy all day, and rejoined the division at dark.

May 12.-At 12.15 a.m. moved to the left and took up old position on Brown's farm. The remainder of the Second Corps massed in our front, and at 4 a.m. they charged the enemy's works and were successful. The brigade advanced in line and captured 2 rebel colors and 1 piece of artillery; brigade engaged all day.

May 13.-Same position; brisk skirmishing all day; Fourth Division consolidated with the Third Division.

May 14.-Moved at 12.30 a.m. to the right and threw up a line of works.

May 15.-Moved to the left of Landrum's farm and took position; sharp skirmishing during the day.

May 16.-No change.

May 17.-Same position. At 6.30 p.m. enemy made a demonstration in our front and were repulsed.

May 18.-At 4 a.m. brigade massed in front of Landrum's house and advanced with the corps on the enemy's position. At 9 a.m. moved to the right and occupied breast-works. At 10 a.m. moved back to Landrum's house.

May 19.-At 2 a.m. moved to the Anderson farm and bivouacked. At 6 p.m. brigade moved at double-quick to support Tyler's division; took position on skirmish line on south side of Ny River and remained all night.

May 20.-At 4 a.m. the enemy disappeared from our front; returned to Anderson's farm and encamped.

May 21.-Moved with corps to Milford Station, arriving at 7 p.m.; brigade rear guard of the corps.

May 22.-Massed in rear of first line in the woods and remained all day.

May 23.- At 5 o'clock marched toward the North Anna River; met the enemy at 12 m.; Seventy-first and Seventy-second New York Volunteers deployed as skirmishers. At 3 o'clock these two regiments, with the First and Second Brigades, participated in a charge on the enemy's works. At 4 p.m. the balance of them advanced

