
to their support, and held a position on the east bank of the river under a heavy fire of the enemy.

May 24.-Crossed the North Anna at 2 p.m. and massed on the Fox estate. At 7 p.m. advanced and took position in front line and intrenched.

May 25.-At 5 p.m. were relieved by First Brigade; took position in second line and remained.

May 26.-No change.

May 27.-At 12.15 a.m. recrossed the North Anna and marched toward the Pamunkey River.

May 28.-At 5 a.m. crossed the Pamunkey at Hundley's Ferry; went into position; built breast-works for the night.

May 29.-Moved out on Hanover Court-House road to support Barlow's division reconnaissance. At 7 p.m. took position on right of the road; built works and encamped for the night.

May 30.-Remained in same position; sharp skirmishing.

May 31.-At 9 a.m. brigade advanced on the enemy's works and became hotly engaged; drove the enemy and occupied their works; remained in this position all day.

Numbers 81. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Michael W. Burns, Seventy-third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,August 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

This command broke camp near Brandy Station, Va., May 3, 1864, at 10 p.m., and with the balance of the corps took the direction of the Rapidan River, which was crossed at Ely's Ford at daylight the next morning. Pressing forward without halting it reached the old battle-field of Chancellorsville about 3 p.m., where it bivouacked for the night. The march was resumed early the next morning on the road leading to Fredericksburg. After proceeding in this direction, however, for some 2 or 3 miles, the column of two roads, the brigade was halted, closed in mass, and skirmishers thrown out. Remained in this position about one hour, when the command moved to the right in the direction of the plank road leading to Orange Court-House brisk cannonading going on at the time. Pressing forward rapidly, line was soon formed in the Wilderness, to the left of the plank road, and a breast-work hastily constructed of such material as was at hand, such as logs, brush, &amp;C., a similar line having been thrown up in front of us by a line of battle stationed there. The works were scarcely constructed when the first line of battle was fiercely assailed by the enemy. After a stubborn resistance it was forced back and the second line was ordered forward over its works to its support. The advance was accordingly made, and this command advanced into the woods to the distance of, perhaps, one-quarter of a mile. The first line having broken and fell back, this command was soon attacked, and after sustaining the shock for fifteen or twenty minutes, when it was discovered that the enemy had thrown a heavy column on our left flank, and the bri-

