
Numbers 82. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,August 7, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 104, headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the several operations of the present campaign:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment, in conjunction with the Second Corps and Army of the Potomac generally, broke camp on the evening of the 3rd day of May, 1864, and marched to the Rapidan, crossing at Ely's Ford. Camped late in the afternoon of the 4th on the old battle-ground of Chancellorsville. 5th, marched to the Wilderness and took position on the left of the Sixth Corps, about a quarter of a mile to the left of the plank road leading to Orange Court-House, and threw up breast-works. Took part in the battles of the 5th and 6th. Loss, 2 officers and 46 enlisted men-1 commissioned officer wounded, 1 commissioned officer missing, 5 enlisted men killed, 41 enlisted men wounded.

SECOND EPOCH.

8th, marched to Todd's Tavern, threw up breast-works, and drew ammunition and rations. 10th, marched to near Spotsylvania Court-House and had a skirmish with the enemy on the Ny River. 12th, took part in the engagement in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, losing 1 officer and 38 enlisted men-1 commissioned officer wounded, 8 enlisted men killed, and 30 enlisted men wounded.

THIRD EPOCH.

21st, marched to and across the Mattapony, passing through Bowling Green and Milford Station. Took position and threw up breastworks. 23d, marched to the North Anna River; engaged the enemy, driving them across the river and held the Jericho Bridge. 24th, crossed the river and skirmished with the enemy, losing 6 enlisted men-1 killed and 5 wounded.

FOURTH EPOCH.

27th, recrossed the river and marched to the Pamunkey River, crossing near Hanovertown, and threw up breast-works. 29th, advanced about 1 mile and erected another line of works. 31st and 1st of June, engaged the enemy on the Totopotomoy Creek; lost 3 officers and 18 enlisted men. June 2nd, marched to Cold Harbor and participated in the various engagements at that place, losing 4 commissioned officers wounded, 4 enlisted men killed, 16 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE ZINN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

