
were driven back into the intrenchments. At the time of this attack General Gibbon, who was in command of the left, required a battery to take up an enfilading position on the right of Roder. Gilliss' battery was here placed and strongly intrenched. No firing was done during the day until 2 o'clock, when Sleeper fired a few shots at a battery of the enemy which was shelling our cavalry, and apparently caused it to change its position. At 4 o'clock a rebel battery opened on Sleeper's from the edge of the woods, about 1,400 yards off, but was driven off in a few minutes by the fire of Sleeper's battery and before damaging anything. At 5.30 o'clock the enemy made an attack on our forces on the Brock road, charging after the fire and succeeding in crossing over the breast-works in front of Dow's and Edgell's batteries, but were driven back with great slaughter by the canister fire of the batteries. Ricketts' battery was engaged during the day and lost a gun, which was recaptured by Carroll's brigade. He also burst the muzzle off of one piece, which was afterward buried at Todd's Tavern. The other batteries simply remained in position, but did not fire a shot. The supports of the artillery during the day consisted of Barlow's division, which was continually changing position. At night it was reported that the enemy was massing on our left, infantry and artillery, and dispositions were made accordingly by the infantry.

May 7.-The artillery held the same position all day, Dow firing solid shot occasionally into the woods in his front. He was resupplied with ammunition. At night orders for a movement came, when division batteries were ordered to report to their division commanders.

May 8.-The Ninth and Fifth Corps having passed, at 6 o'lcock the heavy artillery and reserve batteries moved, following the Fourth Division, Mott; Birney brought up the rear, and Gibbon led, followed by Barlow. The troops took the road to Todd's Tavern, where they arrived at 12 m., and the artillery was massed in the open field around the tavern. The troops rested for two hours, and were then put in position in a semi-circle round the tavern. The left rested on the Spotsylvania road, and the right at the junction of the Brock with the Furnace road. About 5 in the evening an attack was made by a division of the enemy, and Roder's battery was placed on the right of the tavern, 600 yards, one section on each of the roads and one section more retired. The infantry fortified themselves very strongly, as did the artillery. At dark the batteries were in position, Dow and Ames on Mott's line, the Brock and Furnace road, placed there by Mott; Ricketts' battery in the field near the tavern, the guns pointed at it. Roder, Sleeper, and Arnold parked on the right of the tavern, Brown, Edgell, and Gilliiss, the heavy artillery supporting Ricketts. At 10 p.m. General Hancock sent for Colonel Tidball to intrench the position at the tavern; Arnold, Brown, Roder, and Sleeper were placed in strong works in rear of the tavern, between it and the second line of infantry, forming a third line. Ricketts' position was changed so as to fire to the front-Gilliss.

May 9.-The enemy developed a strong force in Birney's front, and the foot artillery was put in the rifle-pits on the second line. The artillery retained the same positions. No attack was made, and at 12 m. the corps moved 2 miles south of the Spotsylvania road, and took position on the north side of the Po River. Captain Edgell's battery was moved to the crest of a hill commanding a view of the road

