
right. In center near road to bridge, Dow. Arnold on left of Birney's line, Brown out in front, Gilliss in reserve in rear of them. Ricketts, Burton, and McKnight and Clark on Tyler's line. Opened fire in the evening with effect, covering the charge of Birney. After the captured of the works, a rifle battery crossed, and afterward Ames.

May 24.-Birney sent for another battery. Roder sent. During the morning Edgell and Sleeper were moved down in front on right of railroad. Major Hazard moved Burton, Clark, McKnight, and Ricketts down in front of the line of infantry. Burnside's batteries relieved ours on the right on the 24th, in the morning. Birney at noon sent for more batteries. Gilliss sent. Then Edgell and Sleeper. Major Hazard moved Clark and Ricketts on the extreme left, Ricketts in reserve; also moved Brown over on left of brick house, also Arnold, Burton, and McKnight. Five p.m., Ames, Roder, and Gilliss on the island. Arnold, McKnight, Burton, Brown, and one section of Edgell in front line, the other in reserve. Sleeper in part on Brown's left. Clark on the extreme left if Gibbon. Ricketts in his rear in reserve. Dow north of the river in the woods near the Telegraph road. Enemy opened fire on the position near brick house; silenced by a section of Edgell and by Arnold. Brown moved up on left of railroad, on front of infantry, Barlow. Did not fire. Clark did good service.

May 25.-Clark and Ricketts relieved at daylight by Dow and Sleeper. Brown moved over to right of railroad, a little advanced. Edgell, Burton, McKnight, and Arnold advanced to first line at 9 a.m. Third Battalion, Fourth New York Artillery, Clark, and Ricketts near pontoon bridge. Ames, Roder, and Gilliss on island. At 1 p.m. one section of Clark put in position on left of railroad, Barlow's line. Mortar battery reported at 9 p.m.

May 26.-Mortar battery put in position on right of Roder and strongly intrenched. Third Battalion, Fourth New York Artillery, moved back with train 1 mile north of river at 4 p.m. At 7 p.m. ordered to move. Brown and Edgell assigned to Barlow; Dow and Sleeper assigned to Gibbon; McKnight and Gilliss assigned to Birney. All others ordered to park at 8.30 p.m. in rear of center of old line.

May 27.-Marched at 9 a.m.; arrived 4 miles north of Pamunkey River at night; parked.

May 28.-Marched in same order, and crossed the river and took position near Elliott's house; reserve batteries, &amp;c., parked in rear of Second Corps line of battle. At 11 a.m. Burton ordered to report to General Birney forward, in rear of Colonel Shelton's house, on the creek.

May 29.-Remained so all day.

May 30.-At 6 a.m., details from the batteries and foot artillery with intrenching tools commenced throwing up works for artillery in front, and to the right and left of the Shelton house. The enemy shelled slightly, but did no damage. These works were on the skirmish line, and were prepared for Arnold on the left, Roder on his right, and Coehorn mortars in front of the house. Roder went into position without support at 11 a.m., Arnold at 12 m., and the mortars soon after, between them. Ricketts and Clark had the positions for their guns ready, but awaited the movement of the infantry. The foot artillery, Second and Third Battalions, took position between the house and mill-pond, supporting the batteries. The

