
been ordered in position where the mortars were, but countermanded. Everything ordered to open at 1.30 and fire one hour. Did so with effect, 1 shot every two minutes, afterward 1 shot from each battery every fifteen minutes until dark. Attack on Barlow's line at dark, in which Arnold did good execution. The works on Sleeper's right being finished, Edgell moved in at night.

June 5.-At daylight McKnigh took position in Edgell's old placed. Captain Jones at 12 m. had only 26 rounds left; attack made at 8.30 p.m. repulsed; artillery opened heavily. During the afternoon a work was built on the left of Arnold, and at dark Arnold was withdrawn and replaced by Ames. No other changes.

June 6.-At daylight Burton went into the new work on Ames' left. Gilliss moved to the extreme left with Birney and took position near the mill pond.

June 7.-Captain Stevens' battery of light 12-pounders reported and was sent to General Birney, the extreme left.

June 8.-Captain Arnold left and Lieutenant Dwight took command of battery. Captain Ricketts returned and was placed in position on the right and a little in rear of Dow. Mortar ammunition arrived and Captain Jones, who had yesterday permanently assumed command of the mortar battery, was supplied with ammunition, as were all batteries, 3-inch and light 12-pounders. Full rations of vegetables issued.

June 9.-No change. The mortars fired 15 shots during the day, with very good results.

June 10.-Four mortars placed on the left and front of Ricketts, the other two left in their old position.

June 11.-No change except the withdrawal of Dow.*

JNO. C. TIDBALL,

Colonel Fourth New York Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 84. Report of Captain Edwin B. Dow, Sixth Maine Battery.
HDQRS. SIXTH MAINE BATTY., ARTY. Brigadier, 2nd CORPS,August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the part taken by my battery in the operations of the campaign from May 3 to July 31, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

At 8 p.m. May 3 broke camp near Stevensburg, Va., and marched in the direction of Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan River; arriving at the ford the morning of the 4th, crossed the river and marched to near the Chancellor house, camping upon the old battle-field with the Fourth Division (General Mott's), to which we were attached.

May 5, broke camp at daylight and took up line of march for Todd's Tavern; arriving near the tavern, the enemy was reported advancing rapidly against us, when we countermarched and went

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

33 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

