
into position covering the Brock road about 300 yards to the left of the plank road, and on the second line. Immediately made a breastwork of logs, and was supported by the Fourth Division. Toward evening fired a few rounds of solid shot into the woods in our front, 1,600 yards range, by order General Gibbon.

May 6, battle opened fiercely at daybreak, and raged in our front till 10 a.m., ending in our forces being driven back to their intrenchments. At this time I received orders detailing my right section, under Lieutenant William H. Rogers, to hold the plank road. It went into position at the cross-road, and opened fire under the direction of Major-General Birney. AT 4.30 p.m. Longstreet's corps made terrific attack in our front, driving the front line back to the second line, and planting their colors upon the first line. I now opened with shell and case-shot, bursting them just over the first line of works, which were on fire, and shot their flag down five times, when my attention was called to a line advancing through the woods on my right and front. I immediately opened upon it with doubleshotted canister, cross-firing the fire of my section on the plank road. We checked the enemy's advance until Carroll's brigade charged the enemy with such fury as to utterly rout them, and the day was won. During the firing my breast-works, composed of dry logs, caught fire, and some of my recruits instead of detaching the cartridges from the extra canister at the limber, carried them up to the gun. The cartridges took fire from the breast-works and exploded, burning 5 of the cannoneers severely. Loss, 7 enlisted men and 1 officer wounded. Remained in position all night and during May 7; section on plank road firing occasionally.

During the action of May 6 General Ward ordered one of my caissons to the rear, thereby jeopardizing the position, owing to a scarcity of ammunition.

May 8, resumed line of march to Todd's Tavern. When in sight of the tavern our flankers were attacked and General Mott ordered me into position north of the tavern. Remained there until morning of the 9th, when I was ordered to relieve Captain Sleeper's battery in position south of the tavern and covering the Catharpin road. Two guns were detached for picket duty with Colonel Kitching's brigade about 800 yards out on the road.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 10, marched to Spotsylvania and went into position near the deserted house. Opened fire, covering the advance of the Fourth Division. Had 1 man killed.

May 11, was ordered to report to General Gibbon and marched to the right and went into position on his line. At night was ordered to bivouac near Fifth Corps hospital, and was moved the morning of the 12th and parked in a field in rear of the deserted house. Sent my limbers to the front and hauled off six pieces of artillery captured that morning from the enemy by the by the Second Corps. At 11 a.m., 12th, was ordered into position near the Landrum house, and opened a heavy cannonade upon the Salient. Lieutenant Thurston was wounded here by a sharpshooter. Remained in position the 13th and 14th. Moved to the position occupied by the enemy the previous day to the left of the Salient. Left position morning of the 15th and marched to the left and parked on the Fredericksburg road. Remained in park till 18th. The 17th turned in one section

