
of guns. The 18th we moved to old position held by us on the 12th near the Landrum house. About noon 18th withdrew and marched across Fredericksburg road and parked in the field, remaining till 10 a.m. of the 19th, when we marched to the Ny River, near the Anderson house, and parked. At dark hitched up and marched rapidly to the right on the Fredericksburg road to assist in repelling Ewell's flank movement. Our services not being required, we were ordered to return to park near the Anderson house. Remained near the house until 11 p.m. 20th, when we were ordered to report to General Tyler, and marched via Guiney's Station, Bowling Green, and Milford Station across the Mattapony River, and went into position near Poplar Tavern. Remained there 21st and 22nd.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 9 a.m. 23rd marched to North Anna River, and immediately went into position, covering the fort near Taylor's Bridge, which we shelled continuously until General Birney's charge, which captured the fort. Remained until the night of the 24th, when we crossed the North Anna River on the pontoon bridge, and relieved Captain Clark's (B), First New Jersey Battery, which was in position on General Gibbon's line near Doswell's house. At 6 p.m. 26th General Gibbon ordered me to open on the enemy's works in front, supporting Colonel Smyth's advance. At 9 p.m. withdrew and recrossed the North Anna River, taking up position on the north bank. At 11 a.m. 27th moved to the left, and 28th, crossed the Pamunkey River, going into position about 2 miles beyond. 29th, we advanced, and again took up position. Morning of the 30th we moved to the left and went into position near Dr.

-----

's hosue, and remained there until the morning of 31st, when we moved to the right on General Barlow's line, and with the assistance of the Tenth Massachusetts Battery silenced a troublesome battery of the enemy. Remained there until night of June 1, then changed to the left near the doctor's house. At 8 p.m. moved to the left, and at 8 a.m. 2nd of June arrived at Cold Harbor.

FOURTH EPOCH.

June 2, went into position about 2 p.m. and remained till daylight morning of the 3rd, when we moved to the front of our first line into the earth-works thrown up for us in the night by Colonel Smyth, Third Brigade, Second Corps. At 6 a.m. opened fire to support General Gibbon's charge on the enemy's works. The charge failing, for want of support, Colonel Smyth intrenched himself in his advanced position, and I moved my right section forward, covering his line, and about 300 yards from the rebel batteries on----Hill, and threw up heavy earth-works. The enemy concentrated a heavy artillery fire upon my position. The enemy concentrated a heavy artillery fire upon my positio, to which I replied vigorously until 8.30 p.m., when suddenly they opened upon us from three different batteries, and perfectly rained iron upon us; at the same time their infantry line advanced to charge our position. We immediately opened with shell, case, and solid shot upon the charging column with great effect, and the desperate resistance made by Smyth's and Owen's brigades hurled the rebel line back broken and shattered, leaving their dead and part of their wounded on the field. Lieutenant McKusick and 5 men were severely wounded. After the fire

