
May 8, started at 9 a.m.; arrived at Todd's Tavern at noon, encamping there for the night. During the night earth-works were thrown up, and at daylight of the 9th the battery moved into them. Was ordered to take position about a mile from the tavern to cover the Spotsylvania road, where we remained until 4 p.m., when the march was resumed, and at night the battery encamped on the banks of the River Po. During this afternoon shelled, by order of General Birney, the enemy's ammunition train.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania and the operations in front of that place.

May 10, battle of the Po. Was under fire most of the day, during which time 1 man was killed, and 2 wounded; also 2 horses killed and 2 wounded. May 11, remained in park during the day. At night received orders to be in readiness to march, and moved out at 10 p.m. May 12, placed in position by Captain Mendell, U. S. Engineers, on the extreme left of the Second Corps; was soon ordered back to the reserve in rear of the celebrated Angle, where the prisoners and guns were captured. May 13, hauled out six limbers and as many caissons, captured from the enemy the day previous. May 14, remained in position till nearly dark, when we were shifted to the right. At 3 a.m. of the 15th retired to the left, remaining parked with the remainder of the Artillery Brigade during the day near general headquarters, and on the next day moved farther to the left. On the 17th, agreeably to orders, turned in two pieces complete, and at night joined the rest of the brigade, having been relieved from duty with General Birney's division. Were afterward stationed, by order of Colonel Tidball, chief of artillery, near a deserted house. On May 18, were in position but not engaged. Sent two caissons to ammunition train, and at noon returned to the left and camped at Poplar Spring near army headquarters. Moved out near the Anderson house, remaining in park all that day, the 19th. At dark, the enemy attacking our trains upon the Fredericksburg road, moved down to that road, and remained in position till midnight, when the battery returned to Anderson's house. On the 19th, was ordered to report to General Tyler, of the Fourth Division.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

Arrived at Milford Station at 2 p.m. of the 21st, and, by command of Colonel Tidball, went into position on the right of the line at Oak farm, where we remained without change during the 22nd. Left our position at 8 a.m. of the 23d, and arrived at the North Anna at 4 p.m., when we immediately went into position on the right, where, engaging a rebel battery, we blew up one of their limbers. At 8 p.m. were relieved by two six-gun batteries of the Ninth Corps. At 7 a.m. of the 24th went into the angle formed by the railroad and the North Anna, and at 4 p.m. crossed the river by the bridge on the right, under heavy fire from the enemy's guns, and went into position on General Barlow's line.

