
On the 25th moved to the left, and reported to General Gibbon. Relieved Captain Ricketts' battery, near Dawson's farm. At 10 p.m. of the 26th withdrew across the river; went into position and remained all night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

May 27, started at 11.30 a.m., and at 1.30 o'clock of the 28th crossed the Pamunkey, immediately goiong into position on the right of Second Corps. On the 30th, moved to the left and front, taking post on the extreme left of Second Corps, one section advancing to the skirmish line and driving one of the enemy's batteries out of position, having a complete enfilading fire upon it. Lost 1 man killed. Engaged all day on the 31st; the section in advance re-enforced by the remainder of the battery.

June 1, started at dark, and after marching all night arrived at Cold Harbor in the morning, and immediately relieved the First New Jersey Battery (A), of the Sixth Corps, and after being engaged all day moved up to first line, 150 yards in advance.

At 4 a.m. of the 3rd fired the signal gun for advance of the line, engaged all day, repulsing two attacks. During the night moved 200 yards to the front, and threw up earth-works.

June 4, after an engagement of two hours, silenced one of the enemy's batteries. No change of importance till June 12, when, hauling out of the works at dark, marched toward the James all night.*

J. HENRY SLEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery.

[Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 86. Report of Captain Frederick M. Edgell, First New Hampshire Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW HAMPSHIRE BATTERY,Before Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, of August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First New Hampshire Battery in the several operations of the campaign from the 3rd of May to the 30th of July, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 3rd of May my battery was ordered by Colonel Tidball, commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, to be in readiness to march at dark, and was assigned to the Second Division, General

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

