
Gibbon commanding. The batteries of the corps marched from camp near Stevensburg at 8 p.m., and rendezvoused at the

-----

house at midnight. Here an accident occurred to the battery. Some of the teams becoming frightened by a runaway wagon, broke away and several men were severely injured, being run over by the carriages. The battery was soon got together and joined its division on its arrival at 3 a.m. of the 4th, and, crossing the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, reached Chancellorsville a little past noon. Here, by order of General Gibbon, the battery took position covering the Fredericksburg road and remained during the night. At 5 a.m. on the 5th marched southward, crossed the Ny River, and passing Todd's Tavern, came in position about a mile below, to the left of the----road. After remaining in this position about an hour the division moved rapidly to the right, and entering the Wilderness formed line of battle near the plank road. The battery, following, took position in the only available place near, being a small opening to the left of and near the plank road, and immediately on the left of Dow's (Sixth Maine) battery, of Birney's division. The fighting was severe in our front to-day, but the battery was not engaged, as the thick woods prevented the use of artillery except at short range. About 5 p.m. on the 6th a force of the enemy, reported to be Longstreet's corps, forced back our first lines (whose works were already untenable from the burning of the dry logs composing them), and the batteries in position here at once opened fire with case and canister on the advancing enemy, who, after repeated attempts to carry to carry the works, were driven back with great loss, and the line reoccupied by our troops. My battery here expended 190 rounds of case and canister. Remained in this position till the morning of May 8.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8, the battery, still operating with Gibbon's division, marched at 8 a.m. toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and after halting two hours at Todd's Tavern, proceeded 4 miles farther and encamped. On the 9th, moved with Owen's brigade, of the Second Division, to a position near Po River, and opened fire on a train of wagons and a column of the enemy's cavalry on the opposite side of the river, dispersing them quickly. About sunset, by order of General Gibbon, the battery moved near the river, and on the completion of the bridge about 9 p.m. crossed and took position to the left of the bridge. About 8 a.m. on the 10th, by order of General Gibbon, opened fire upon the enemy's works, situated upon the high ground to our left, and distant 1,500 yards, with good effect. At 4 p.m., by order of General Gibbon, withdrew across the river and took my former position, covering the bridge. Shortly after, by command of Colonel Tidball, took position in a line of intrenchments running perpendicular to the river and facing the enemy's works on the high ground to the left, from which he was annoying our troops recrossing the river. I succeeded partially in keeping down the enemy's fire, and drove away a section of his artillery, which had taken position within 700 yards of my battery. In this position the battery was much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters, both in front and across the river to my right. One of my officers and several men were severely wounded, and several horses disabled here. The battery expended on these last two days 470 rounds

