
of shell and case-shot. About noon of the 11th, by order of General Hancock, the battery was moved to a less exposed position. About midnight of the 11th, by order of Colonel Tidball, moved with the reserve batteries of the brigade to the left, and took position on Spotsylvania Heights near the----house, remaining in this position till the afternoon of the 13th; then went into park near brigade headquarters. At 4 a.m. on the 14th, by order of Colonel Tidball, moved to a position on the heights, 1 1/2 miles to the right of the----house, and shelled the woods in front till noon, with the object of creating a diverson in that direction, and then returned to park. Expended here 80 rounds of ammunition.

At 4 p.m. again moved out with the reserve batteries near my position of the morning and threw up intrenchments. At 3 p.m. on the 15th, by order of Colonel Tidball, moved from position to the left, and went into park near the Fredericksburg turnpike. At 5 p.m. the battery was ordered to report to General Gibbon, and moved with his division 2 miles to the right, taking position at the Brown house. At 2 p.m. on the 16th, by order of General Gibbon, one section was sent with a portion of his command about 3 miles farther to the right to obtain our wounded, and having accomplished this returned about 9 p.m. On the 17th, by order of General Meade, turned in two guns to depot at Aquia Creek, and at midnight moved with Gibbon's division, taking position at daylight of the 18th on Liberty Hill. Opened fire upon the enemy, silencing one of his bateries with 58 rounds of percusssion shell. About noon, by order of Colonel Tidball, moved to the right into position behind the works thrown up on the 14th, and at dark by the same authority left position and moved with the reserve batteries about 5 miles to the left position and moved with the reserve batteries about 5 miles to the left, beyond the Fredericksburg pike. On the morning of the 19th moved with the batteries of the corps 1 mile farther to the left and encamped.

THIRD EPOCH.

The battery marched at 11 p.m. of the 20th with the reserve batteries, and crossed the Mattapony about 4 p.m. of the 21st and encamped. On the 23d, was assigned to Barlow's division and marched at 8 a.m.; reached the North Anna River at 3 p.m., and, by order of Colonel Tidball, took position to the right of the Chesterfield bridge, and, together with Roder's (K, Fourth United States) and Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) batteries, engaged the enemy's batteries on the opposite side of the river, which were soon silenced, and one of his limbers exploded. Expended 50 rounds of ammunition. At dark was relieved by a battery of the Ninth Corps, and retiring about a mile encamped. At 7 a.m. of the 24th took position, by order of Colonel Tidball, near the railroad bridge, and remained during the day.

At 5 p.m., by order of Colonel Tidball, crossed the river under a sharp fire from the enemy's batteries above the bridge, and took position near the railroad, firing 6 shots at a battery of the enemy soon after coming into position. On the morning of the 25th the battery was advanced to a position in the first line of works occupied by Mott's division, and remained during the day. At 10 p.m. on the 26th received orders to recross the river and report to General Barlow. Went into position near the railroad and covering the bridge; remained during the night.

