
The battery marched at 9 a.m. of the 27th with Barlow's division, and after proceeding some 15 miles bivouacked for the night. Resumed the march at 6 a.m. on the 28th, crossed the Pamunkey at Holmes' Ford about 4 p.m., and took position about 2 miles south of the river. On the 29th, by order of General Barlow, one section marched with the First Brigade, Colonel Miles, and took position near the Shelton house. At the same time the other section, marching with the Fourth Brigade, Colonel Brooke, by another road, took position at Oak Grove, and after dark rejoined the other section at the Shelton house, going into position. The battery remained in this position until sunset of the 30th, and was then ordered by General Barlow to advance 1,000 yards and open fire in support of an assault made by the First Brigade. In this affair the battery expended 65 rounds of ammunition.

During the 31st of May and the 1st of June the battery remained in the same position, firing at intervals at the enemy's columns and batteries, expending 216 rounds of shell and case-shot. At dark on the 1st of June, by order of Colonel Tidball, joined the reserve batteries and marched toward Cold Harbor, halting about midnight and resuming the march at sunrise. Reached Cold Harbor at 3 p.m. of the 2nd. About noon of the 3rd the battery was ordered forward by Colonel Tidball and took position in the first line of works, and of the left of Barlow's division, firing 7 rounds of shell at a battery of the enemy with good effect. At dark, by order of Colonel Tidball, moved to the right and on the line occupied by Gibbon's division.

At 1.30 p.m. of the 4th, by order of Colonel Tidball, commenced firing on the enemy's works at intervals of two minutes, continuing one hour, and afterward at intervals of fiteen minutes till dark, expending 44 rounds of shell. At dark the battery was advanced 500 yards, taking position in our first line of works. During the 5th the battery remained in the same position. At dark the enemy assaulted and were repulsed. Expended in this affair 22 rounds of shell and were repulsed. Expended in this affair 22 rounds of shell and case-shot. The battery remained in this position until the night of the 12th without engagement, except an occasional shot at the enemy's works.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, First New Hampshire Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty., Brigadier, Second Corps.

Numbers 87. Report of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Light Artillery, of operations May 12-June 11.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR PETERSBURG, VA.,

July 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this command in the operations of this corps from the time

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

