
the battery reported to the Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, to the present date:

Late in the afternoon of May 12 I received orders from Major Hazard, commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve, to report with my battery to General Hunt, chief of artillery, and moving my battery immediately marched to near army headquarters, where, by direction of General Hunt, I bivouacked for the night.

At daylight next morning (13th), I moved to near Second Corps headquarters, and by order of General Hunt reported to Colonel Tidball, chief of artillery, Second Corps. In evening of same day sent one section of my battery through the woods in front and placed it in position on the left of General Birney's line. 14th, placed one section in a.m. on the right of General Birney's division in the old rebel works. In the afternoon an effort was made by our troops to bring [in] two guns and caissons of the enemy's, which were lying between the lines in our front, and the section on the left opened fire on the rebel skirmishers (who were annoying our men), seemingly with excellent effect, as they left their works and retired. In evening of same day withdrew both sections and moved to near army headquarters, reaching there just after daylight on the 15th. 16th, by order of Colonel Tidball, I turned in two guns to ordnance depot. 17th, marched toward the right of the line, but owing to the blocking up of the roads did not go far, only reaching our old position on the right after daylight on the 18th. Took position on the extreme right of the corps in a.m., but in evening of same day withdrew and marched back to camp near army headquarters. In the afternoon of the 19th the enemy made a demonstration on our right and rear, and about 6 p.m. I was ordered in position near the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House for a short time, and afterward was sent to report to Major-General Birney (Third Division), and by him placed in position about 600 yards to the right of the road, where I remained until the forenoon of the 20th, when I was ordered back to camp. At 11 p.m. I reported to Major-General Birney, and commenced the march to Milford Station, reaching it and crossing the Mattapony River in the p.m. of the 21st; bivouacked for the night. On 22nd, went into position, one section on right and one nearly in the center of General Birney's line. On the 23d, marched to near the North Anna River and to a position on left of railroad. One section (Lieutenant Sims'), in position on hill about 400 yards to the left of railroad, was engaged in p.m. a short time while the Third Division charged the rebel work near the bridge. 24th, the section already in position moved down to near the bank of the river by farm house in a.m. At noon the whole battery crossed the North Anna River. In position short time on west side of railroad, but after firing a few rounds was ordered to the extreme left of the corps and placed in position in a corn-field near the left of General Gibbon's line. Here I was engaged a short time, the enemy attempting, though vainly, to turn the left of the Second Division. Remained in this position all night, and on being relieved in the morning of the 25th withdrew to near river. In p.m. of same day sent one section on the left of railroad to protect a break in the line where it should cross the railroad, a morass preventing a complete connection. Evening of the 26th withdrew my battery across the river, by direction of Colonel Tidball, and bivouacked on the hill on the west side of the railroad. 27th and 28th, on the march to Pamunkey River; crossed and bivouacked on Pollard's farm. Evening of 29th marched to

