
near----Creek. 30th, works were thrown up by aid of Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, and went into position. Slightly engaged in p.m. 31st, opened fire on the rebel rifle-pits and works to cover an advance of our skirmish line. The movement was a complete success, and the enemy's line of works was taken and held.

June 2, marched to Cold Harbor. 3rd, in position on left of line and rear the Dispatch Station road. Engaged in p.m. In evening went about 300 yards to the front with my own men and a detachment of the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery to put up a work for my guns, but were compelled to abandon it for a time, owing to an attack on that part of the line by the enemy. Later in the evening, however, the work was put up; and the battery went into position at 3 a.m. on the morning of the 4th; quite sharply engaged part of the day with the enemy, and also on the evening of the 5th. From that time until the 12th was slightly engaged at invervals the whole time.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. CLARK,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, First New Jersey Light Arty.

Colonel J. C. TIDBALL,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Numbers 88. Report of Captain Nelson Ames, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST NEW YORK LIGHT ARTY.,Camp 2nd Army Corps, near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Order, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, I have the honor to present following report of the operations of my battery since May 3, 1864, the date of crossing the Rapidan:

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3, broke winter's camp, and marching all that night, reached Chancellorsville at 2 p.m. of the 4th. On the morning of the 5th, resumed the march, and by your order took position in the line of battle which is known as the battle of the Wilderness. The enemy not making his appearance in our front in force I did not open fire.

SECOND EPOCH.

At 9 a.m. on the 8th agian took up the line of march, reaching Todd's Tavern at 12 m. At 5 p.m. took position, where I remained until noon of the 9th without having occasion to open fire. Moved to Hart's farm, on the Po River, on the 9th, and sent one section forward to open fire on the advancing skirmishers of the enemy at 4 p.m. of the 10th. This section, under lieutenant McClellan, drove back the skirmishers and succeeded in preventing a rebel battery

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

