
from getting into position by a well-directed fire. On the night of the 11th, being ordered to march, moved in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, and arrived on the field just as the prisoners captured by the glorious old Second Corps were being marched to the rear. Took several different positions during the day and succeeded in doing good service. For several hours men from my battery were working three of four of the captured guns against the enemy with their own ammunition and did good execution. They fought like brave men, as they are, yet it would seem injustice to give them more praise than other men in the battery, for every man was willing to go and do the same. Each man did his whole duty. On the 13th and 14th did some execution in two different positions. From this field my battery brought 9 guns, 5 limbers, and 3 captured caissons from the field. On the 15th moved near army headquarters, where I remained until the 18th. Turned in two guns and their accompanying implements, equipments, and animals. On the 18th returned to the battle-field of the 12th and took part in the assault on the enemy's lines. On the night of this day returned to camp, 3 miles south of Beverly house.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the night of the 20th moved with the Second Corps, marching through Guiney's Station and Bowling Green to Milford Station. Near this place took position but did not find it necessary to open fire. At 7 a.m. of the 23rd marched to near Chesterfield bridge over the North Anna River, where, after turning a captured redoubt, I placed my guns and covered the crossing of the Second Corps.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 27th, marching to the left, crossing the Pamunkey River, near Dr. Pollard's plantation, and on the 29th moved to Totopotomoy Creek, and took part in the operations on the farm of the rebel Colonel Shelton. At 10 a.m. June 2 reached Cold Harbor. On the 5th, relieved Captain Arnold's battery, taking position in our advance line. On the 6th I opened fire and the battery of heavy guns in my front, including a 24-pounder howitzers, seemed determined to silence my battery, but the men in my battery were equally determined to "have the last work," so I kept firing until after the enemy ceased. The 24-pounder howitzer spoken of above doing great execution among our infantry, I concluded to silence it, so, training my four guns upon it, I ordered the battery to fire as soon as they opened with it. On the morning of the 8th the howitzer fired one round and has not since been heard from. It is thought that a combination of circumstances produced by 8 solid shot from my battery was a part of the reasons for its continued silence. In this position I remained until the evening of the 12th, when orders were received to be ready to move at a "moment's notice."*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. AMES,

Captain First N. Y., Arty., Commanding Company.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Second Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

