
Numbers 89. Report of Captain John B. Vande Wiele, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,October 20, 1864.

Report of operations of the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery from May 3 to July 30, inclusive.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3.-Left Stevensburg May 4 at 9 p.m.; night dark; reached Madden's about midnight; bivouacked.

May 4.-Marched to Ely's Ford, Rapidan; crossed about midday; proceeded to Chancellorsville, camping for the night at a house about a quarter of a mile to the north of the Chancellor house.

May 5.-Moved slowly in the direction of the Wilderness, resting at noon for half an hour near the Furnace, on the road of the same name. Afterward marched rapidly to the battle-field, went into position on extreme left of Second Corps; sent two companies (A and G) on skirmish line, remaining companies ordered to throw up rifle-pits. Before the pits were finished were orders farther to the right to support Roder's and Sleeper's batteries. Company G was relieved on the skirmish the batteries. Company A, being relieved from skirmish line, joined the battalion in the pits.

May 7.-Lay all day in rifle-pits.

May 8.-Moved as far as Todd's Taver; put up a heavy breast-work to protect the rear; supported two batteries; worked all night in the intrenchments.

May 9.-Men much fatigued; at 8 a.m. were ordered to report to Major-General Birney, and under his direction cut a road in a southeast direction through a belt of woods; that completed, rested and got dinner. At 4 p.m. started for Ny River, upon reaching which saw the rebels retreating; bivouacked in good pasture on Hart's farm.

May 10.-At 9 a.m. moved to banks of Ny River; retreated to the farm; rebels advanced toward the river. About 4 p.m. sent Company A to destroy bridge, which they succeeded in doing under severe fire. At the same time sent out a line of skirmishers, left resting on the river, right about a quarter of a mile from it. Having no support were ordered to retire by General Hancock personally, and withdrew under a sharp fire from the enemy's skirmishers.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 11.-Lay in field to the east of Hart's house. At 12 p.m. moved toward Spotsylvania Court-House; raining.

May 12.-Crossed Po River; went into position on extreme left of line with Sleeper's battery. Rained incessantly; mud very deep. At 2 p.m. moved to field with reserve batteries. Ordered to put up works for Ames', Roder's, and Brown's batteries. Made several attempts to capture abandoned rebel caissons, but owing to the mud and sharpshooters' fire could not succeed.

May 13.-Lay still all day; mud and rain.

