
June 6 and 7.-Lay still in rifle-pits. Flag of truce sent out on latter day to bury the dead.

June 9 and 10.-Rested.

June 11.-Built breast-works until 1 a.m., behind which the army was to march.

June 12.-Marched at 2.30 p.m. out of breast-works, 2 miles to the rear; halted until 9 p.m. marched all night.*

JOHN B. VANDE WIELE,

Captain, Commanding Fourth New York Artillery.

[Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 90. Report of Captain James H. Wood, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Mortar Battery, of operations June 1-11.

IN CAMP, NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., July 1, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the working of the Coehorn mortars (six in number), served by Battery D, Fourth New York Artillery:

The mortars were placed in charge of said battery, Captain D. K. S. Jones, on the 1st day of June, 1864. At 12 m. 3rd of June one section (two pieces) was first placed at Cold Harbor, at a distance of about 800 yards from the rebel lines. The charge of powder used was 6 ounces and the length of fuse 15 seconds. The mortars were stationed in a hollow in rear of a belt of woods; 80 rounds were fired. It was reported by the front line of battle and the skirmishers of the Union forces that the shells made great havoc with with the enemy, nearly every one exploding in their midst. At 7 p.m. by suggestion of General Barlow, the entire battery withdrew to the rear. At 10 p.m. of the same day the battery was ordered into position in the front line of battle, about 150 yards from the rebel lines, the preparations for firing being completed at about 3 a.m. on the 4th day of June. At daylight of June 4 the rebels arose in their breast-works and opened a heavy musketry fire on our forces, which was responded to by our infantry and by all the mortars.

At this place the charge of powder was 2 1/2 ounces and the length of fuse 7 1/2 and 8 seconds. The effect was excellent, and in about half an hour the rebels ceased to fire entirely. The position was such that the damage caused by the explosion of the shells was plainly discernible; and it was reported furthermore by our skirmishers that great execution ensued and the utmost consternation was visible among the enemy. The battery was highly complimented by Major-General Barlow and Brigadier-General Owen. At 11 a.m. of the 4th the rebels opened a terrific and concentrated artillery fire (from light 12-pounders) upon the battery, but owing to the natural strength of the position and the substantial breast-works in its front, no damage was done to the men nor to their pieces. After this and during the afternoon the firing of the enemy's sharpshooters was incessant and so well directed that no one

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

