
Numbers 91. Report of Captain John E. Burton, Eleventh New York Battery.

CAMP ELEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

Near Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 209, dated headquarters ARmy of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this battery in the campaign from May 4 to July 30, 1864:

FIRST AND SECOND EPOCHS.

On the 4th of May left camp near Brandy Station, Va., with Third Brigade, Artillery Reserve. Accompanied the reserve to Fredericksburg. Were not engaged at the battle of the Wilderness nor at Spotsylvania Court-House. Were transferred to Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps, on the 17th of May.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the night of the 20th of May, having reported to General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, left Spotsylvania Court-House, with that division, marching until 12 m. next day, when I took position near Milford Station on the south side of the Mattapony River. On the 23rd of May the march was resumed and arrived at North Anna River about 3 p.m., where I took position on the left of the line and opened on the enemy's batteries, and were engaged with said batteries while the Third Division, under General Birney, charged the enemy and drove them across the river. The next day I crossed the river and took position on the south side; were not engaged.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Early on the morning of the 27th recrossed the river and marched until 2 a.m. of the 28th; resumed the march at 7 a.m. and camped at 5 p.m. near the Pamunkey River. On the 29th I reported to Major-General Birney commanding Third Division, and marched with that division to Totopotomoy Creek. I took position there, but was not engaged. Remained at Totopotomoy Creek until 9 p.m. of June 1, when marched to Cold Harbor, arriving there at 12 m. June 2. On the 3rd of June took position on the extreme left of the line near Captain Brown. Opened in the afternoon but received no reply until evening when the enemy opened with a vigorous fire. The enemy preserved a silence through the day, but opened regularly on the evenings of the 3rd, 4th, and 5th of June. On the night of the 5th earth-works having been thrown up on the right of Captain Arnold's battery, I took position at 2.30 a.m. of the 6th within 400 yards of the enemy's first line, and that day succeeded in silencing a battery of the enemy which enfiladed our line. On the 7th, 8th, and 9th everything was quiet with the exception of picket-firing and an exchange of about 20 rounds with the enemy's batteries on the 7th. On the evening of the 10th the enemy threw a few shell from a mortar on their right. They opened again on the morning

34 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

