
of the 11th, when, getting an excellent range on them, I succeeded in silencing them so effectually that they were not heard from again.*

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BURTON,

Captain Eleventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 92. Report of Captain F. McKnight, Twelfth New York Battery.

TWELFTH N. Y. BATTY., ARTY. Brigadier, 2nd ARMY CORPS,

August 11, 1864.

SIR: In obedience with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to report as follows:

FIRST EPOCH.

The Twelfth New York Battery marched with the Artillery Reserve of the army at 2 a.m. of May 4, 1864, crossing the Rapidan at Ely's ford and camping near Chancellorsville. On the 5th, marched to Old Wilderness Church, remaining in reserve during the battle of the Wilderness.

SECOND EPOCH.

Marched with the Artillery Reserve on the evening of May 7 to Piney Branch Church. Remained in reserve there until the evening of May 10, then marched to Alrich's. On the evening of the 12th marched to Zoar Church; on the morning of the 14th marched to Salem Heights, and on the 15th to Fredericksburg, remaining there until the 17th of May, when, the Artillery Reserve being broken up, I marched via Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road and reported to the Second Army Corps, near the Anderson house. On the morning of the 18th I was ordered into position near the deserted house on the right of the Second Corps, but did no firing. Ordered back in the afternoon into part near the Ny River.

My 19, in the evening, I was ordered up into the right to repel the attack made on the Spotsylvania road. The enemy retiring during the night, I was ordered in the morning to return to my former park.

THIRD EPOCH.

Marched at 11 p.m. of May 20 with the First Division, of Second Corps, on the road to Bowling Green via Massaponax Church, passed through Bowling Green to Milford Station, crossed the Mattapony River, and took position about a mile east of the bridge on the hills, where works were thrown up. At 8 a.m. May 23 marched with First Division to the North Anna River. Took position on a hill south of the railroad bridge in the afternoon, and engaged with enemy's batteries during the afternoon and evening. At noon of the 24th moved across the river on the pontoon bridge; took posi-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

