
tion on the south side, firing very little. On the morning of the 25th I moved up on to the front line with the Third Division, remaining in position until evening of the 26th, losing 1 man killed.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Marched at 10.30 p.m. May 26 with Third Division; crossed the North Anna to the left bank, and took position until morning to cover the crossing; then marched on the high land and parked until noon, waiting the assembling of the troops; then marched, passing by Bethel Church and camping near Taylor's Ferry.

May 28, at 7 a.m. marched, crossing the Pamunkey at 2.30 p.m on a pontoon bridge at Nelson's farm; took position on a hill south of Haw's Store. Marched on evening of May 29 on the Mechanicsville pike near Shelton's house, then marched on the road to Hanover Court-House, about 1 mile and came into position.

May 31, at 9 a.m. took position on the hill across Totopotomoy Creek, on the Mechanicsville road, in the rear of some works captured that morning from the rebels, engaging in a sharp fire with enemy's infantry and artillery until 1 p.m., losing 3 men wounded and 3 horses killed, when, being out of ammunition, I was relieved [by] Battery K, Fourth United States. The conduct of both officers and men was most satisfactory during the action of the 31st, as in fact it had proved in every instance where they were under fire. Marched at sundown June 1 by Salem Church. Arrived at Cold Harbor at 10 a.m. June 2, and parked until morning of June 3, when, being ordered to report to the Eighteenth Corps, I was put in position by Captain Elder, chief of artillery, Eighteenth Corps, in the front line, and engaged the enemy until dark, losing 2 men wounded and 1 horse. At 9 p.m. I withdrew and parked. At daylight June 5 I was ordered by Colonel Tidball, chief of artillery, Second Army Corps, into position on the line of the Second Division, Second Army Corps, on the line in front of Cold Harbor Tavern. Engaged that evening upon the enemy charging out of their works; remained in position until the evening of June 12, 1863.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. McKNIGHT,

Captain Twelfth New York Independent Battery.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 93. Report of Captain R. Bruce Ricketts, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, FIRST PENN. LIGHT ARTY.,July 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my battery in the campaign of May and June, 1864:

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford with Second Army Corps and marched to Chancellorsville.

May 5.-Marched to Wilderness battle-field. The sections of Lieutenants Brockway and Snider engaged on the plank road. One gun was temporarily lost; recaptured by a part of Carroll's brigade,

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

