
Numbers 94. Report of Captain T. Fred. Brown, Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

CAMP BATTERIES A AND B, FIRST R. I. LIGHT ARTY.,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, from 3rd of May to 1st of July, 1864:

At 8 p.m. on 3rd May broke camp near Stevensburg, Va.; crossed the Rapidan, at Ely's Ford on the morning of the 4th May, and marched to Chancellorsville.

May 5, marched to the Wilderness and went into position designated by Colonel Tidball, commanding brigade.

May 8, marched to Todd's Tavern.

May 9, marched to Po River. A section under the command of Second Lieutenant Charles A. Brown advanced to within 600 yards of the river, and opened fire upon a wagon train moving down the right bank toward Spotsylvanie Court-House. The enemy replied from four guns. Lieutenant Brown suffered a loss of 2 men killed. The battery crossed the Po about 6 p.m., and proceeded with General Barlow's division about 2 miles down the right bank. On the morning of 10th May kept up a desultory fire. On the afternoon of the 10th May recrossed the Po and took position to cover recrossing of General Barlow's division. Sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 4 wounded. On 11th May retired to a position 500 yards in rear.

On the 12th May moved to Laurel Hill and opened fire. During morning of 12th one section, under command of Second Lieutenant Charles A. Brown, advanced to the first line, near the Salient, and only retired when out of ammunition. One man was wounded on the 12th. On 14th of May the battery assisted in the capture of two guns that had been abandoned by the enemy, and lay between the lines, by detracting the attention of the enemy from the coveted guns, successfully brought in by hand.

On the 15th of May the battery parked on Hart's farm: 17th of May the battery marched to Clark's Mill, and at midnight to Laurel Hill. Was engaged on the morning of the 18th of May, and suffered a loss of 1 man wounded. On night of 18th proceeded to Clark's Mill and encamped. Marched during night of 20th of May, and at 5 p.m. on 21st took position on right bank of Mattapony. On 23rd of May marched to North Anna, took position on left of railroad, and opened fire upon enemy's batteries. On 24th of May crossed the North Anna and took position near bank. On evening of 26th recrossed the river and resumed position of 23d. On 27th of May marched 10 miles beyond Concord. On 28th of May crossed the Pamunkey and took position near bank. On 29th marched to Shallow Run. On 30th and 31st of May was frequently engaged. On 2nd of June marched to Cold Harbor. Was engaged on 3rd of June, suffering loss of 3 men wounded. On 12th of June marched to Long Bridge, and on 13th June to Charles City Court-House. Crossed James on 15th June, and on 16th marched to before Petersburg, Va. Was engaged on 17th June. On 18th advanced to Hare's house and intrenched. On 21st marched to Jones' house and parked.

T. FRED. BROWN,

Captain First R. I. Light Arty., Commanding Batteries A and B.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, 2nd Army Corps.

