
CHAP. XLVIII.] RAPIDAN TO THE JAMES.

fantry and artillery. Had 1 man killed and 3 wounded, 5 horses killed and 2 wounded, left on the field.

May 13.-Withdrew the left section about 8 a.m., joined the rest of the battery, and went into camp near the Brown house.

May 14.-Was directed to leave camp about 2 p.m., and take up a position on the right of our line.

May 15.-Left position at 2 a.m., and went into camp near army headquarters on the Fredericksburg road.

May 16.-By direction of one of General Birney's aides, I sent two sections back to the Brown house and placed them in position.

This was at the time the right of our line. I fired 58 rounds of spherical case and solid shot for the purpose of drawing the enemy's attention on this part of the line, while General Burnside made an attack on the center; remained in this position until dark and then returned to my camp near army headquarters.

May 17.-Turned in two guns.

May 18.-By direction of General Birney I left camp at 1 p.m., took up a position in rear of his division and on the right of our line, near the Brown house; fired several rounds of shot and shell in the woods that the enemy occupied; returned to camp about dark.

May 19.-By order of the chief of artillery I was relieved from duty with the division and marched with the other batteries of the corps about one half mile to the left of the Fredericksburg road and went into camp.

May 20.-Remained in camp all day.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21.-By order of the chief of artillery I left camp at 1 a.m., marched by way of Bowling Green to Milford Station, a distance of 25 miles; took up a position about 2 miles east of the latter place, and on line with General Barlow's division.

May 22.-Remained in the same position all day.

May 23.-Left position at 9 a.m.; marched with the other batteries of the corps to the North Anna River, a distance of 15 miles; was directed by Lieutenant Fairchild, aide-de-camp to the chief of artillery, to take up a position about 1 miles to the right of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad [Virginia Central] and near the river, and engage a rebel battery that was firing on our troops who were at the time advancing to capture a redoubt near the Chesterfield bridge. I opened fire at once, and I think with good effect, as the enemy immediately directed their fire on my battery, which enabled General Birney to capture the redoubt with less difficulty; was relieved at dark by another battery, moved to the rear about a mile, and went into camp for the night.

May 24.-Was directed by Captain Hoxie, of General Birney's staff, to take up a position on a little knoll to the right of the Chesterfield bridge and try and silence the enemy's batteries. They were firing on our troops whenever they crossed the bridge in large parties. I managed to keep them silent for the most part of the day. Fired 450 rounds ammunition of various kinds. Had 2 men and 2 horses wounded.

May 25.-By direction of the chief of artillery, I sent the right section (under command of Lieutenant Smith) about 300 yards farther to the right. Fired 25 rounds of spherical case-shot with good effect. Had 1 horse wounded.

May 26.-Battery remained in position all day.

