
May 27.-Was directed to leave my position at 2 a.m.; marched with the other batteries of the corps down on the left of the North Anna, a distance of 20 miles, and went into camp.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.- Was directed to leave camp at 8 a.m.; crossed the Pamunked River at 4 p.m. went into camp 1 mile east of the river.

May 29.-Left camp at 4 p.m. marched a distance of 4 miles on the Hanover road, in the direction of the Totopotomoy Creek, and went into camp.

May 30.-Left camp at 6 a.m.; marched to the Shelton house, when I was placed in position by the chief of artillery, between the house and the Totopotomoy Creek, opposite one of the enemy's batteries; distance about 800 yards. The enemy's sharpshooters and their artillery annoyed me considerable while building breast-works. About 11 a.m. the shelling became quite severe. They opened with all their guns (three 3-inch rifle guns). I directed Lieutenants Smith and Burnes to return the fire, which they did with such accuracy as to compel the enemy's cannoneers to abandon their pieces. I fired 223 rounds of solid shot and shell. Had 4 men wounded. Remained in position all night.

May 31.-Advanced one piece across the Totopotomoy Creek to within about 400 yards of the enemy's line of works. Fired 54 rounds of shot ad shell, and rejoined the rest of the battery at dark.

June 1 and 2.-Was directed to leave my position at 8 p.m. marched all night; arrived at Cold Harbor at 2 p.m. (June 2), and went into park. Three horses gave out on the march and were abandoned.

June 3.-About 8 a.m. I was directed by Major Hazard, assistant to the chief of artillery, to take up a position on the left of our line. I opened fire in the afternoon with solid shot, with what effect I am not able to say as I fired at long range.

June 4.-Remained in the same position. The enemy opened fire with artillery about dark; had 1 sergeant severely wounded.

June 5 to 11.-Remained in the same position, the enemy occasionally throwing shells at the battery; had several horses killed and wounded.*

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. RODER,

Commanding Battery K.

Major J. G. HAZARD,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Numbers 96. Report of Lieutenant James Gilliss, Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,July 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of this battery from the commencement of this campaign to the present time: Left camp near Stevensburg May 3, and marched 5 miles, when

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

