
I was ordered to halt and wait for the Second Division. At 3 a.m. May 4 again started and crossed Ely's Ford, and from there went to Chancellorsville. Took position at 4 p.m. May 4 on plank road half a mile south of Chancellor's house. Left Chancellorsville May 5, and marched with Gibbon's division to Todd's Tavern, distance 8 miles. From there went to Wilderness battle-field, and took position at dark the same day in rear of Second Division.

May 6.-Changed position to Brock road line of breast-works, in the angle, on the left of General Barlow's division.

May 7.-In the same position as the day before.

May 8.-Marched with Gibbon's division; marched 10 miles on Brock road in direction of Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 9.-Marched back 2 miles, and took position at 10 a.m.; again moved forward and took position near Po River. At 6 p.m. crossed Po River and took position on south bank, facing east.

May 10.-Fired about 60 rounds at the enemy's line at a distance of 1,500 yards during attack of the Fifth Corps. Gibbon's division having crossed back, I was left under the command of General Barlow, who ordered me at 1 p.m. to fall back across the river. Took position on north bank at 4 p.m., by order of Colonel Tidball, and fired about 300 rounds at enemy's troops on the other side of the Po River. During this engagement lost 1 man and 1 horse wounded.

May 11.-Started at 9 p.m. and marched to Spotsylvania Heights, reaching there at daylight.

May 12.-After to Second Corps had advanced and taken the enemy's line of works, I was ordered by Colonel Tidball to follow some of the Sixth Corps troops and take a position which Colonel Tompkins, chief of artillery, Sixth Corps, would show me. I applied to the latter for a staff to accompany me to indicate the spot but he could only furnish an orderly. I moved forward about three-fourths of a mile and there found that the orderly knew nothing about the place he was to show me. I went in battery in a spot which partially answered to Colonel Tompkins' description and fired solid shot over the woods by his order, to carry 1,000 yards. I could not see the effect of the firing, consequently objected very much to wasting ammunition. I received three messages from Colonel Upton, commanding a brigade in the Sixth Corps, to advance a section some 300 yards to a position on the right of his brigade. I could not find any one to obtain authority from, and knowing that I was sent up to support the Sixth Corps, and that it was a matter which would not admit of delay, I assumed the responsibility of sending a section, and detached Lieutenant Metcalf for the purpose. I submit herewith his report. Shortly afterward I received a slight but painful wound on the left leg, which compelled me to leave the field. Lieutenant Beck was left in command, and he reports that he withdrew three guns of the battery about 2 p.m. on account of the ammunition being nearly expended, pointing rings being broken off, and the men completely exhausted from handling guns in the heavy mud caused by the rain which had been falling for several hours. He kept the remaining gun in position until he had expended the remainder of his ammunition and then withdrew that. During this engagement the battery had 1 man killed, 1 officer, slightly, and 15 men wounded, 9 horses killed and 6 wounded.

May 13.-In position at Landrum's house.

May 14.-Moved to right and took position half a mile to right of Landrum's house.

