
Numbers 97. Report of Lieutenant Richard Matcalf, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding section, of operations May 12.

CAMP OF BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTY.,

Near Petersburg, Va., July -, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my section, which was detached on the 12th of May 1st, at Spotsylvania Heights: By your order I advanced with my section to the front line of works and took position on the right of Colonel Upton's brigade, of the Sixth Corps. The enemy not being more than 300 yards in front of my position I opened with canister. Just at this time a Mississippi regiment made a desperate charge on the line immediately in my front. They succeeded in mounting the works, but using double canister on them I drove them back. I then kept up a fire of spherical case and shell with 1 second fuse until I had lost 11 men wounded. Being them unable to work the guns I ordered up the limbers to try to get the pieces off but was unable to do so, as many of my horses were instantly shot down. I then had a detail of infantry to assist me and I succeeded in saving my guns. During the action I lost 1 man killed and 9 wounded; also 9 horses killed and 5 wounded. I did not get my limbers off the field until the morning of the 13th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. METCALF,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Arty., Commanding Section.

Lieutenant JAMES GILLISS,

Commanding Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Arty.

Numbers 98. Journal of Major General Gouverneur K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

At midnight, the commencement of May 4, the Fifth Army Corps marched out from the vicinity of Culpeper and took the road direct through Stevensburg to Germanna Ford. Head of the column reached there at 6 a.m., and began crossing at 7 a.m., as soon as General Wilson's cavalry division had cleared the bridges. The corps was all across by 1 p.m., and moving on bivouacked at Old Wilderness Tavern, General Griffin's division holding the road leading to Robertson's Tavern. The cavalry, which had been out nearly to this point, were all withdrawn by General Wilson, and the cavalry went on the Parker's Store.

May 5.-Set out according to orders 6 a.m. toward Parker's Store-Crawford, Wadsworth, Robinson; enemy reported close at hand in force, and when Crawford had nearly reached Parker's, Generals Meade and Grant arrived and determined to attack the force on the road near Griffin. Wadsworth was immediately gotten in line to left of Griffin with one brigade of Crawford, Robinson in support. We attacked with this force impetuously, carried the enemy's line, but being outflanked by a whole division of the enemy was com-

