
pelled to fall back to our first position, leaving two guns on the road between the lines which had been advanced to take advantage of the first success. The horses were shot and the guns removed between our lines. The attack failed because Wright's division, of the Sixth Corps, was unable on account of the woods to get up on our right flank and meet the division (Johnson's) that flanked us. Wright became engaged sometime afterward. We lost heavily in this attack, and the thick woods caused much confusion in our lines. The enemy did not pursue us in the least. We had encountered the whole of Ewell's corps. The enemy that moved on past Parker's along the plank road was Hill's corps. General Getty's division, of the Sixth Corps, was sent to the intersection of the Brock road to check the column, which it did, and General Hancock was ordered up from Todd's Tavern, and also engaged Hill's corps. At this time I sent General Wadsworth with his division and Baxter's brigade to attack Hill's left flank as he engaged Hancock. It was late when this was ordered, but the attack produced considerable impression. Wadsworth's men slept on their arms where night overtook them. During the night I sent instructions to Wadsworth to form in line northeast and southwest, and go straight through, and orders were to attack next morning at 4.30 o'clock with the whole army, General Burnside being expected to be up by that time to take part. With the rest of my force I prepared again to attack Ewell in conjunction with a part of the Sixth Corps. The hour of attack was changed to 5 a.m., and at precisely 5 a.m. May 6 the fighting began. General Wadsworth I re-enforced with Colonel Kitching, 2,400 strong. He fought his way entirely across the Second Corps' front to the south side of the plank road, and wheeling round commenced driving them up the plank road toward Orange Court-House. The accumulating force of the enemy staggered his advance, and the line became confused in the dense woods. In the very van of the fight General Wadsworth was killed by a bullet through his head, and General Baxter was wounded. On our right the enemy was found to be entrenched and but little impression could be made. I then sent another brigade to sustain General Hancock, who had now two of my division and one of the Sixth Corps, and was defending himself from both Hill and Longstreet. They charged and took possession of part of his line, but were driven out again. Late in the evening the enemy turned General Sedgwick's right very unexpectedly, and threw most of his command into confusion. I sent General Crawford at double-quick, and the line was restored by him. General Burnside did not get into position at all i time in the morning; fought but little during the day, and but slightly affected the result of the day's battle, which in most respect was a drawn battle.

May 7.-Our army took up defensive positions, and spent the time getting our commands again together, detached to defend parts of the field to meet the varying emergencies of the previous days' battles. At 9 p.m. the army began to move toward Spotsylvania Court-House, the Fifth Corps having the advance, on the Brock road. We were delayed about one and one-half hours by the cavalry escort to General Meade, and on reaching a point 2 miles beyond Todd's Tavern were delayed about three hours by Torbert's cavalry endeavoring to clear the way for us. They gave it up about 6 a.m. May 8, and got out of our way. General Robinson's division immediately went forward, lead by himself. He at once cleared out the enemy's cavalry and the wood with which they had ob-

