
structed the road, and advancing rapidly struck the advance of Longstreet's corps near the Block house. This we forced back till we gained a good position, and were compelled then to await re-enforcements. General Sedgwick's corps was sent up to crush out Longstreet, and his rank gave him the command. So much time was lost, however, that night came before than one of the brigades had become engaged, and that but slightly. General Crawford's division, however, attacked the enemy, captured a color, and many prisoners.

May 9.-The Sixth Corps all took position on my right, and we entrenched. Had a brisk skirmish at night to force the enemy's pickets back. General Sedgwick killed in the morning.

May 10.-General Hancock, advancing from Todd's Tavern, crossed the Po, and threatened to turn the enemy's position. This brought out a part of Hill's corps from the entrenchments. Unfortunately, however, it had been decided to re-enforce my right with the Second Corps and assault the entrenchments, which caused Hancock to recross the Po and leave the open field to the enemy. I began pushing my skirmishers forward at once in very heavy force to drive the enemy to his main line, so as to deploy our heavy force close to him for the assault. This occasioned some heavy fighting. Toward evening two assault were made with a part of my corps and Gibbon's division and a part of Birney's, but failed to carry the enemy's works, which were defended by musketry and flanked by canister. Loss heavy. General Rice killed.

May 11.-Army mostly lay quiet, straightening matters out and preparing for next day's operations. After dark General Hancock moved his entire command to our left, preparatory to an assault at daylight.

May 12.-At daybreak General Hancock surprised Johnson's division in his lines and captured nearly all of it, with eighteen pieces of artillery. Enemy fought furiously to regain them. General Wright attacked near the Second Corps with two divisions. I also again assailed the enemy's entrenchments, suffering heavy loss, but failing to get in. The enemy's direct and flank fire was too destructive. Lost very heavily. The enemy continuing to fire [on] the Second and Sixth Corps [I was] compelled to withdraw Griffin's and Cutler's divisions and send [them] to the left to their support, where they again became engaged. My whole front was held by Crawford's division and Colonel Kitching and the Maryland Brigade, presenting a line of battle not as strong as a single rank. The enemy made no serious effort to force it. My divisions on the left were relieved during the night from their position, and returned to the right in the morning, having been kept awake nearly all night, which was rainy.

May 13.-Worked all day getting command in hand and constructing a shorter defense line preparatory to moving to the left of General Burnside, who was on the road from Fredericksburg to Spotsylvania Court-Hosue. Got orders to set out in the evening for the left, mass our troops,and attack the enemy at daybreak. Got my command started as soon as possible, which was not before 9.30 p.m., leaving on all my picket force. We marched all night through rain and mud, forded the Ny River once, and over routes none of us had traveled before. The night was intensely dark, and many of the men, from exhaustion and weariness, gave out; the line became disjointed and parts lost their way. The greatest pains

