
were taken to mark the line by posting mounted men, but it was impossible through the swamps and dense forests and pitchy darkness.

May 14.-At 4 a.m. I was at the appointed place with about 1,000 men, and all that could be done was to assault the enemy's cavalry on a commanding position on our left, which we did and took. It required the whole day to get my command up and together again. A brigade of the Sixth Corps was sent to hold the hill, which we had taken, but the enemy drove it off. After that I had it retaken with Ayres' brigade. During the day my pickets were withdrawn, and the enemy's cavalry got into our hospitals before the wounded were gotten off, but they did no damage. They were unable to capture any of our trains.

May 15.-Spent in getting affairs in order. In evening General Burnside threatened with an attack. My troops under arms to attack as a diversion, if needed. Rained heavily in afternoon.

May 16.-Remained mostly quiet in lines, getting up stores and supplied, and awaiting developments. Cut our road and position for batteries.

May 17.-Took up lines and entrenched so that we could hold our position alone, and allow the rest of the army to be used elsewhere. Whole army moved to the right in the night.

May 18.-Whole army having moved off to our right to make an assault on the enemy, I commenced a cannonade at daylight with twenty-six guns, as a diversion. This occasioned a brisk artillery duel between myself and Hill's corps. Our forces found the enemy prepared and strongly posted on the right and made no serious attack. Colonel Coulter, commanding brigade, badly wounded to-day. Our army moved back to where it was day before.

May 19.-All our forces took up position on my left. This brought out General Ewell's corps, who attempted to turn our right. He was repulsed by Colonel Kitching's brigade, the Maryland Brigade, and Tyler's division, Crawford's and Birney's divisions coming up as support, but not used. Killed and wounded considerable. Rained in the afternoon.

May 20.-Remained in quiet at the Beverly house straightening out, burying the dead, &amp;c.; no demonstrations made by the enemy.

May 21.-Artillery began to move at 10 a.m. Sent orders to Crawford to move at that time too, without waiting for Russell. Head of Russell's column reached Anderson's house at 10.15 a.m. Rear of Crawford's, Kitching's, and Maryland Brigade, and artillery passed at 11.30 a.m. Enemy fired about this time a few shots and stood to arms. My headquarters set out 12 m. Generals Griffin and Cutler began to move at same time. Reached Guiney's Bridge about 5.30 p.m. Drove enemy's cavalry back toward Thornburg and to the south as far as Madison's Ordinary. Orders changed three times during the night; kept me up all the time.

May 22.-Sent a brigade early out to the westward, which reached Telegraph road at 8 a.m. Mr. Pound said Ewell's and Longstreet's corps had marched south along Telegraph road all night. Received this information at 8.20 a.m.; at the same time orders came for us to move to Harris' Store, indicating that news of enemy's retreat had already reached headquarters. Began march at 10 a.m. Struck enemy's cavalry at Littleton Flippo's. Ran them off toward Chilesburg. Griffin reached Doctor Flippo's about 3 a.m. and camped there. Cutler reached Harris' Store at 5 p.m.

