
May 23.-General Cutler's division leading, got off promptly at 5 a.m. Reached forks, where one road goes to the ford and one to the bridge, at 9 a.m. Cavalry skirmishing a little in advance. A deserter says it is Rosser's cavalry; says there is artillery and infantry on the other side. Turned back to give that road to Hancock and got possession of crossing at a mill at 1 p.m. By 3.10 p.m. General Griffin's division had nearly all forded, and at 3.10 bridge train began to arrive. About 4.30 bridge was completed and last of General Cutler's division crossed. About 6 a.m. enemy assaulted us. My right gave way and the artillery drove back the enemy. We repulsed them everywhere.

May 24.-Spent all night getting in order, strengthening position, issuing rations, &amp;c. At 6 a.m. found out for certain that enemy had left my front. During the day found enemy about 3 to 4 miles off down the river and received orders late at night to go early ext morning with my corps and develop the position.

May 25.-Spent all day at hard work getting into position in front of enemy's line and driving in his light troops to his main force. Found Hill's corps entrenched between North Anna and Little River. Lost about 150 men and officers during the day.

May 26.-Heavy rain in morning about 7 a.m. Remained in position all day. Rained in afternoon. At dark began to recross the North Anna River at Quarles' Mills. Roads heavy and slippery with mud and approaches to stream bad. All not over till near daylight.

May 27.-Had to wait head of column for Sixth Corps to cross and pass until 2 a.m. Spent time issuing rations. Got off about daylight, trains following about 9 a.m. Troops made a long march. I camped 2 miles from Mangohick Church. Trains strung back in the road for many miles. Day very warm.

May 28.-Marched to Hanovertown. Crossed the river and took up position from Totopotomoy to Mrs. Newton's.

May 29.-Moved out of position of yesterday as far as Norman's. General Griffin's division crossed Totopotomoy and advanced toward Shady Grove about 1 1/2 miles, with some considerable skirmishing. May 30.-Pushed General Griffin forward toward Shady Grove, driving back Rodes' skirmishers. The enemy continually threatened our left from the road leading to Mechanicsville, so that General Crawford sent a force across to drive them away. This developed a force of the enemy near Bethesda Church, which forced him back. The enemy followed but were checked. They finally made a determined assault on us, but were repulsed with much loss.

May 31.-Remained nearly quiet in the line of battle. Pushed skirmishers forward about 1 miles, without opposition, beyond Bethesda Church. Pennsylvania Reserves return an adjutant-general and inspector-general of Second Division lost.

June 1.-Moved out to develop the enemy' position. Found him entrenched with large space of clear ground in front swept by artillery. Lost about 200 men killed and wounded, and extended the line very much, 4 to 5 miles. Enemy attacked us in several places, and quite severely on the right just before dark. Large body of recruits, &c., arrived under Colonel Cesnola.

June 2.-Ordered with Ninth Corps to close in to the left preparatory to a grand attack on the left. Enemy attacked us while moving, and, owing to the sudden giving way of the Ninth Corps, got

