
in rear of Ayres' brigade on its right flank and cut off the skirmish line. Had quite a sharp fight and drove them back. Attack suspended until next morning.

June 3.-Whole army attacked. Fifth and Ninth Corps drove the enemy back on the right and found themselves confronting men of three of the enemy's corps. Attack suspended in afternoon, owing to all our efforts being repulsed on our left. Union loss about 5,000 killed and wounded.

June 4.-In morning found the enemy had left the position opposite the Ninth Corps, on my right; so they shifted over to my left, leaving me in charge of the right, connecting with the cavalry. Commenced raining in the evening. Colonel Gibson came in with large body of recruits, and General Burnside moved his corps down to my left between me and Smith's.

June 5.-Remained in position quietly all day. Made reconnaissance out on Shady Grove road and found the enemy well back. In the night withdrew my corps to the rear in reserve, and was on the road all night.

June 6.-Day very warm. Spent in camp putting things in order. Re-established a division for Ayres. Extract from a Richmond newspaper:

Official telegram from General Lee.

The following from General Lee contains the latest official information received at the War Department:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 6, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

There has been very little skirmishing on the lines to-day. It was discovered early this morning that the enemy had withdrawn from the front of General Early on our left, and from the most of the front of General Anderson on the center.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

I certify that this is a correct copy, put in here to show what a large force I had contended with.

G. K. WARREN.

Jun 7.-Sent two divisions to extreme left to picket the Chickahominy-Griffin's and Cutler's. Held Ayres and Crawford in Readiness to support General Burnside.

June 8.-Remained quiet. Rode with General Meade out to Allen's Mill, Old Church, and Ruffin's. Newspaper correspondent drummed out.

June 9.-Remained in camp all day. General Barnard came to see me.

June 10.-Remained in camp. Continued very dry and dusty, but cool. Took a ride along our lines in the evening.

June 11.-Went with all the corps except Griffin and Cutler to Moody's, south of railroad, preparatory for further movements.

June 12.-General Grant and General Meade reached my headquarters at 5.30 p.m. Corps started at 6 p.m. Reached vicinity of Long Bridge before dark. Wilson's cavalry got over at 10 p.m. Bridge finished at 1 a.m.

