
in front of the enemy at Spotsylvania Court-House, skirmishing daily until May 21, part of the corps taking an important part in the battle of May 19.

May 21.-Left enemy's front at noon; crossed the Po River at Guiney's Bridge; the advance crossed the Ta River at Madison's Ordinary.

May 22.-Followed along the Telegraph road, fighting his cavalry; bivouacked at Dr. Flippo's.

May 23.-Crossed North Anna at Jericho Mills, and fought Hill's corps on south side.

May 24.-Pushed out to the Virginia Central Railroad and down the river to connect with the Ninth Corps.

May 25.-Drove the enemy into his entrenched lines, developing their location.

May 26.-At dark recrossed the North Anna at Quarles' Mills in the rain; marched all night.

May 27.-Marched all day, proceeding via Mount Carmel Church and Saint Paul's Church, bivouacking 2 miles from Mangohick Church.

May 28.-Crossed Pamunkey at Hanovertown, and encamped near Brockenbrough's house.

May 29.-Moved to Norman's house.

May 30.-Moved to Via's house, south of Totopotomoy Creek, and had a skirmish with enemy.

May 31.-Was engaged with the enemy at and near Bethesda Church, on the Mechanicsville road to Richmond.

June 1.-Fifth Corps at Bethesda Church; skirmishing heavy with enemy all day.

Jun 2.-Attempted to withdraw in daytime and close up to the left according to orders; was heavily attacked by the enemy, but beat him back.

June 3.-Bethesda Church and neighborhood under heavy cross-fire of enemy's batteries through the day, and fighting all the forenoon.

June 4.-Light skirmishing; Ninth Corps moved away from our right.

June 6.-Remained quiet in camp; withdrew to near Cold Harbor at night, marching all night.

June 7.-First and Fourth Divisions were sent at daylight to guard the Chickahominy from Sumner's (lower) Bridge to Bottom's Bridge; Second and Third Divisions staid in camp; this disposition continued until the 11th.

June 11.-Second and Third Divisions moved to near Moody's, on York River Railroad.

June 12.-At 6 a.m. marched to near Long Bridge on Chickahominy, and crossed at Long Bridge, marching all night.

Numbers 100. Report of Captain William F. Drum, Second U. S. Infantry, Chief Ambulance Officer, including operations to June 30.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a brief report of the operations and management of the Ambulance Corps, Fifth Army Corps, from

