
this corps is ready to start at any moment on another. During the campaign the ambulances train of the Fifth Army Corps has removed over 8,000 wounded men from the field of battle to the hospital, and has assisted in removing the same number of wounded, and over 1,000 sick from the hospitals to the depots to be sent North.

I cannot speak too highly of the offices and men of my command, who, when duty called them, willingly faced danger, and oftentimes death, in order to remove the wounded from the field of battle.

I take pleasure in recording the names of the following ambulance officers, who by the faithful performance of the duties assigned to them gave material assistance, viz: First Lieutenant W. S. Walker, Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers; First Lieutenant E. H. Liscum, Twelfth U. S. Infantry; First Lieutenant J. H. Malbon, Sixteenth Maine; First Lieutenant W. T. McPhail, First Pennsylvania Volunteers Reserve Corps; Captain C. F. Hulse, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; First Lieutenant L. H. York, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. B. Sinclair, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry (severely wounded); First Lieutenant J. W. Marshall, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Second Lieutenant B. F. Babcock, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Joseph H. Stonebraker, First Maryland Volunteers; Second Lieutenant C. A. Garcelon, Sixteenth Maine; Second Lieutenant E. A. Campbell, Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers; Second Lieutenant A. J. Dickenson, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant W. M. Ward, Twenty- second Massachusetts; First Lieutenant H. H. Clover, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers Reserve Corps; Second Lieutenant J. B. Dayton, Fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps; Second Lieutenant Frank E. Jordan, Eighty-third New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant J. E. Jacobs, Sixth New York Heavy Artillery.

Among the sergeants in the Ambulance Corps, many of whom distinguished themselves by their good conduct, I wish to mention Sergt. Milton Powers, of the Eleventh U. S. Infantry, who was particularly noticeable for his untiring energy and the intelligence with which he worked. While in the performance of their duties 1 officer and 4 sergeants wounded and 3 sergeants were taken prisoners. Six stretcher men were killed, 16 wounded, and 9 taken prisoners, all of whose names,* I have the honor to submit with this report. Eight sergeants' horses were shot in action, 2 of which were killed and 6 wounded. No ambulances and but 3 horses were captured by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. DRUM,

Captain and Chief Ambulance Officer, Fifth Corps.

Surg. JOHN J. MILHAU, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Fifth Corps.

No. 101. Itinerary of the First Division, Fifth Army Corps, Brigadier General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding.+

May 1.-This division broke camp near Rappahannock Station, Va.; crossed the Rappahannock at the station.

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Mills, and formed in line of battle near Wilderness Tavern.

---------------

*Omitted.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

