
May 5 to 7.-Engaged in the battle of the Wilderness.

May 8.-Moved to a point near Spotsylvania Court-House; engaged in various battles and skirmishes at that place.

May 14.-Changed position to the left, crossing to the south bank of the Ny River.

May 21.-Resumed the march southward.

May 23.-Crossed the North Anna at Jericho Ford, where an engagement was fought.

May 25.-Advanced to Little River.

May 26.-Recrossed the North Anna, marching south.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey near Hanovertown.

May 29.-Advanced to a position near Bethesda Church.

May 31.-In front of the enemy at Bethesda Church.

June 1 to 4.-This division participated in the engagements near Bethesda Church, Va.

June 5.-The command moved in the direction of Cold Harbor.

June 7.-Took position along the Chickahominy near Sumner's Bridge.

June 13.-In the morning crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and resumed the march for Charles City Court-House the same evening.

June 14.-Reached the James River.

June 16.-Crossed the James River near Wilcox's Landing; resumed the march for Petersburg, going into position near that place the same evening.

The division participated in the assault made on the interior line on the 18th instant. From that time up to the present date the command had remained in front of the enemy at this place.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I send you the spearhead that surmounted the flag-staff of the Sixth Alabama Regiment, captured by Captain Davis, of the Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, at Spotsylvania, May 8, 1864, for you to transmit to Captain Davis' father. The flag has been forwarded, with Captain Davis' name as the captor, to the War Department, approving your request that the color should be given to his family, and I presume upon my position to send this spearhead to them without other authority.

Respectfully,

G. K. WAREN,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps.

No. 102. Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, Brigadier General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding.*

May 1.-Left camp near Rappahannock Station at sunrise; crossed the Rappahannock, and encamped near Brandy Station.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

