
May 3.-Left camp at 11 p.m.; crossed Rapidan at Germanna Ford.

May 4.-Encamped at noon on road leading to Mine Run.

May 5.-At noon brigade ordered forward to attack; severely engaged with the enemy; losses very heavy; returned to original position.

May 6.-Brigade on picket on left of plank road; moved back behind intrenchments toward night.

May 7.-The Second, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Infantry moved out on a reconnaissance to the front at 10 a.m.

May 8.-Remained on picket until 2 a.m.; then marched to and rejoined the rest of the brigade at Laurel Hill. The remainder of the brigade marched all night, and at daylight on the 8th arrived at Laurell Hill. The brigade actively engaged the enemy all day with heavy losses.

May 9 to 11.-The brigade in rifle-pits and on picket duty, exposed to the enemy's shell fire and sharpshooters.

May 12.-The brigade advanced from its breast-works, drove in the enemy's pickets, and engaged him for three hours. In the evening marched 2 miles to the left to support the Second Corps.

May 13.-At daybreak marched 1 mile to the right and threw up intrenchments. At 9 p.m. the brigade marched for Spotsylvania Court-House; on road all night.

May 14.-Arrived near Spotsylvania Court-House at daybreak. A portion of the brigade ordered to carry a hill in front, which was handsomely done; soon after was relieved by a brigade of the Sixth Corps. In the evening the enemy advanced and drove the brigade of the Sixth Corps off. This brigade again ordered to carry the hill, which was successfully accomplished; relieved at night by a portion of the Sixth Corps, and returned to first position.

May 15 to 19.-The brigade in trenches and on picket duty, exposed to shell fire and sharpshooters.

May 20.-The brigade left at 2 p.m.; marched 12 miles to Guiney's Station; encamped at 10 p.m.

May 21.-Marched 8 miles to Milford, and encamped at 5 p.m.

May 22.-Marched 10 miles; crossed North Anna River; engaged the enemy and handsomely repulsed them.

May 23 and 24.-In intrenchments and on picket duty, under shell fire and sharpshooters.

May 25.-Moved 2 miles to right and went into position in front of the enemy at Little River, near the Virginia Central Railroad.

May 26.-At 8 p.m. moved out and recrossed the North Anna River, and marched all night.

May 27.-At daylight continued our march, and halted about 1 mile from Mangohick Church.

May 28.-At daylight continued our march, and at 11 a.m. crossed the Pamunkey River near Hanovertown, three-fourths of a mile from the river.

May 29.-In the morning marched 3 miles and halted. In the afternoon moved out on a reconnaissance on the Cold Harbor road, coming upon the enemy in force.

May 30.-Heavy skirmishing all day.

May 31.-In same position.

June 1 to 4.-This brigade participated in the engagements near Bethesda Church, Va.

