
June 5.-At night the command moved in the direction of Cold Harbor, Va., and encamped.

June 7.-The brigade moved toward Chickahominy River, and halted near Sumner's Bridge; erected earth-works.

June 13.-It crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and halted for the day on the south side of the river; at night-fall it again moved forward.

No. 103. Report of Major John D. Lentz, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-FIRTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., In the Trenches, near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with directions of Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan, May 4, to the assault on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment, with First Brigade, First Division, Brigadier General R. B. Ayres commanding, took up the line of march 8.30 a.m. May 4, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, moved in the direction of the plank road toward Mine Run, halted 1.30 p.m., established a picket-line. 12 m. 5th formed line with brigade; advanced on the enemy; were repulsed. On the 6th the regiment moved to the left of the plank road toward the front; relieved a division of reserves. Left the works 1 a.m. 7th for the rear, and halted within the lines; relieved the Fifteenth Artillery 8 a.m.; moved 11 p.m. on the plank road, passing the cavalry at Todd's Corner, making a forced march all night, reaching Laurel Hill. Charged the enemy at 10 a.m. 8th; the brigade, was repulsed, leaving this command holding its position. A new line was formed under the command of Colonel Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Second Brigade, Fourth Division. This regiment, joining in the second charge, reached the burnt house, and held the ground; ordered to retire about 200 yards and build breast-works; bivouacked for the night. Remained quiet during the 9th; in the afternoon sent pickets to the front, holding the burnt houst. Sharp firing on the line during the night and occasional cannonading during the day following. Nothing of interest occurred until 12th; a charge was made about 8 a.m. and, owing to some confusion in the Ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, was unsuccessful. Received orders to fall back by an aide from General Ayres.

SECOND EPOCH.

At 3 p.m. 12th took up the line, and marching slowly through rain and mud halted; formed line to support Sixth Corps; bivouacked for the night. Moved at daylight 14th. 8 a.m. the One

