
hundred and fortieth New York and this regiment, under the command of Colonel Otis, One hundred and fortieth New York, started on a reconnaissance to the front. Discovered a battery of the enemy near the Myers or Galt house. A sharp fire ensued, lasting about one-half an hour, when a charge was made driving them from their position, taking the hill and house. One hour after was relieved by a brigade of the Sixth Corps, who held the place but a few hours. The enemy driving them from the hill reoccupied it, whereupon this regiment with the brigade again charged, drove the enemy back the second line, taking the house. A short time after recovering the place a brigade of the Sixth Corps (Colonel Penrose commanding) appeared, but found the enemy had been already driven back, and the hill again in our possession. Relieved the second time and retired to the rear. The command needing rest was permitted to bivouac for the night. 6 a.m. 15th moved again; rainy and muddy. 17th found us opposite Spotsylvania Court-House; worked all night throwing up breast-works. Heavy firing during the 18th.

On the 19th, after maneuvering for some time,halted in the woods on the left of rifle-pits; remained near this place until 21st.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 10 a.m. 21st prepared for a long march; moved at 1 p.m. taking the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, passing Guiney's Station, crossed the Mattapony, halted at Edge Hill Seminary; resumed the march toward Hanover Junction, skirmishing with rear of the enemy. Forded the North Anna, and at 2.30 p.m. formed line of battle. About 6 p.m. the enemy attempted to effect a surprise by a sudden attack, causing some wavering, and as our line was in advance we were directed to fall back on the line established by Sweitzer's brigade. The fighting continued for one hour. Built breast-works during the night, the enemy making several attempts to cut through the lines, but failed. At 4.30 p.m. 24th moved again and rested near the Gordonsville railroad; time occupied in strengthening the position, establishing picket-line, and occasional skirmishing. 4.30 a.m. 25th moved to the left; met the enemy; threw up breast-works in the woods; established a picket-line; bivouacked for the night. 8 p.m. 26th the brigade moved quietly and recrossed the North Anna.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Crossed the Pamunkey 28th, and bivouacked for the night. 29th, resumed the march; moved about 2 miles; skirmishing until near sundown; threw up breast-works; bivouacked for the night. 9.30 [a.m.] 30th advanced toward Bottom's Bridge. 2 p.m. threw up breast-works; the enemy commenced shelling; "changed front to the rear" in "double-quick." Second line of breast-works formed; bivouacked for the night. 7 a.m. 31st relieved by Ninth Corps; retired to the left; remained during the day and bivouacked for the night.

June 1,11 a.m., moved to the left, driving the enemy about 2 miles; halted on the Mechanicsville pike; moved across the road; formed in the works of Cutler's division. 1.30 a.m. 2nd recrossed the road; built breast-works again. An interval being made in this line by withdrawing the Ninth Corps and Bartlett's brigade without

