
notice, this was moved suddenly to the rear; the balance of the brigade not leaving in time, the enemy appeared and captured those that remained. Moved to the rear double-quick and reformed, the enemy keeping up a heavy fire; remained until daylight 3rd. Men under arms at daylight 4th and 4th. 10 p.m. 5th moved again, reaching near Allen's Mill, Cold Harbor; a slow and tedious march; skirmishing with the enemy, forcing him at each conflict to retire; encamped and brigade reorganized; General Ayres, commanding division, Colonel E. M. Gregory the brigade, designated First Brigade, Second Division.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. D. LENTZ,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 104. Report of Colonel Alfred L. Pearson, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS.155TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, August 7, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, 1864, I have the honor to report the operations of this command, commencing May 4, 1864, ending July 30, 1864, as follows:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment crossed Rapidan River on the morning of May 4, marching a distance of 18 miles, halting at 2 p.m. in the immediate neighborhood of the Wilderness. On may 5 engaged the enemy at 1 p.m., where, after an action of two hours, the regiment received orders to fall back, suffering a loss of 8 killed, 37 wounded, and 7 missing. In this engagement we were posted on the right of the road leading to Robertson's Tavern. On the 6th we advanced on the left of this road, and supported a line of battle until afternoon, when a line of intrenchments was thrown up by the engineers, which the regiment was ordered to occupy, doing so until night, then changing position several times until near morning of the 7th, when we were ordered to advance as skirmishers with orders to fall back at daylight, which we did, losing 1 officer wounded. At 10 p.m. left our position, marching all night in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, halting at 8 a.m. on the 8th, forming line of battle; charging the enemy's position found them in too large force to push forward our column, and halted in a favorable position, and received orders to hold it, which we did. The loss in this engagement amounted to 6 killed, 38 wounded, and 3 missing. Remained here until the night of the 13th, when started on the march to Spotsylvania Court-House.

---------------

*For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

