
SECOND EPOCH.

The weather having been very wet the roads were almost impassable and rendered the march both disagreeable and toilsome. After marching all night we arrived in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, and were immediately advanced as skirmishers, establishing a line and remaining thirty-two hours. Were relieved on 15th, and moved back to line of intrenchments, were we remained until the 21st, not being in any general engagement or suffering any loss.

THIRD EPOCH.

Left Spotsylvania Court-House on the 21st of May, marching very rapidly in pursuit of the enemy. Arrived at Jericho Ford, North Anna River, on the 23d, fording the same at 3 p.m. Engaged the enemy at 4, routing them completely, they leaving their dead on the field. Our loss 2 killed, 8 wounded. Toward evening threw up a line of intrenchments and remained until 6 p.m. of the 24th, when we advanced a short distance along the Virginia Central Railroad. Four companies thrown out as skirmishers. Meeting the enemy strongly posted we halted and again built breast-works, remaining here until the 26th, losing 1 man wounded, then crossed to the north side of North Anna River, taking up our line of march toward the Pamunkey River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

After marching a distance of 30 miles, crossed said river at or near Hanovertown, halting at 2 p.m. of the 28th, and encamping in line of battle near Bethesda Church. On the 29th advanced to try the enemy's strength. Skirmishers commenced firing. The enemy having been found in large force, we halted and built intrenchments, remaining here until June 2, when the enemy made an attack on our lines and were repulsed; loss, 1 killed, 6 wounded. Left this position on the night of June 5, marching until 7 a.m. of the 6th, halting at Cold Harbor, where we went into camp and remained until the 11th, then marching toward Chickahominy River, crossing the same at daylight on the 13th at Long Bridge, halting at 11 p.m. near Saint Mary's Church.*

Very respectfully,

A. L. PEARSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 105. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Ramsey, One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 5-7.

HDQRS.187TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular order from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following statement of the

---------------

*For the continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

