
part taken by the One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations of his campaign:

FOURTH EPOCH.

On Sunday, June 5, 1864, the regiment reported to Major-General Warren, who assigned it to the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, then stationed near Cold Harbor. The night of the same day received marching orders, and on our about the 7th day of June encamped near the Chickahominy. The regiment suffered no loss up to this time except through sickness.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. RAMSEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 106. Report of Colonel William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, Second Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS, August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment (Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry) in this campaign, embracing the period from May 4 until I relinquished its command and assumed that of this brigade, viz, June 18, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 4, 1864.-Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at 8 a.m. and marched to Wilderness Church, where we bivouacked.

May 5.-At 8 a.m. report came of the approach of the enemy from Orange Court-House. We went into line of battle and formed a breast-works of logs, our brigade at an oblique angle to the left with Bartlett's, whose right rested upon the road. At 12.15 p.m. skirmishing began with the enemy on General Bartlett's front. We had moved to the right in two lines, our right now resting upon the turnpike (from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg) in support of Bartlett. Afterward my regiment was changed to the other (right) side of the road, with the Thirty-second Massachusetts on my right, both regiments being placed under my command by Colonel Sweitzer, the commander of the Second Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps. We moved toward the enemy in this line to relieve Bartlett's brigade until the left of the brigade was out of the timber on their side of the road, but I remained partially concealed by bushes. I posted the Twenty-second nearly parallel with the road, and the Thirty-second Massachusetts on the right, refused. Here we engaged the enemy, who came out of a wood on the opposite side of a clearing in our front. We there remained under a rather severe

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

