
fire, which we returned, until about 3 p.m., when we were relieved and returned to the position first occupied by us in the morning.

May 6.-Returned at 2.30 a.m. to the scene of our fight of day before, but all the brigade formed on the left-hand side of the road. I mention the movements of the brigade because it is necessary to a proper understanding of the movements of my regiments; moreover, I was honored by Colonel Sweitzer with the command of the first or second lines in every engagement during which the brigade was formed into two lines, so that the principal operations are impressed upon my mind. There was some skirmishing when we took up our position. The day passed without an attack in our front, but it was made uncomfortable by a constant exchange of fire between our sharpshooters (Second Company Massachusetts Sharpshooters) and those of the enemy. Just at night the enemy broke brought the line of the Sixth Corps, and we received an order to retire toward the line of breast-works established by us on the first day, but were afterward ordered to return to the position held by us during the day. The enemy had not discovered our absence. We threw out pickets and lay down; 12 midnight, were ordered to return to the ground occupied by us the first day.

May 7.-We found the Sixth New York Heavy Artillery in the barricade erected by the Twenty-second Massachusetts. The Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers went in on their right, while I took position in the rear of the latter regiment. At 5.30 a.m., before the movement last mentioned, the rebels came up the road (or field, to its right and left), and made a very determined charge, but the canister from the artillery posted in our works soon sent them back discomfited. 12.15 p.m. we were much annoyed by the enemy's artillery. 11 p.m. we took up our line of march for Spotsylvania Court-House.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.-Owing to delay on the road we did not reach Todd's Tavern until 7 a.m. to-day. We found our cavalry, dismounted, busily engaged with the enemy a mile beyond the tavern. We followed and relieved them. Our brigade was formed in line of battle, but I was immediately ordered to support with my regiment one of our batteries, under direction of Captain Martin. I occupied a wooded knoll on the right of the battery, and was soon re-enforced by the Fourth Michigan. A line that had charged the enemy before we formed was not coming back sharply pursued. The Eighteenth Massachusetts and First Michigan rallied upon my right. We had meanwhile opened fire and checked the foe. They soon, however, were seen in a piece of woods a few hundred yards upon our left, aiming to get in our rear. The batteries now retired. All the troops upon the knoll then moved off by the right flank to the right and rear. There was some confusion, which I labored hard to prevent. I found the Twenty-second Massachusetts in line, facing to our late left, and endeavored to rally the others. Not succeeding, I made for the ravine in which the Second Brigade had first formed. Here I suffered some from artillery, which was engaged with a rifle battery stationed upon a rise of ground in my rear. I soon afterward rejoined the brigade, which had been engaged elsewhere. My regiments behaved admirably during this affair. I was now ordered, being in command of the first line of Sweitzer's brigade, again to

