
May 11.-Quiet except artillery fire. With Fourth Michigan and Twenty-second Massachusetts I threw up a work to cover the men from shell.

May 12.-8 a.m. Colonel Sweitzer was ordered to send out three regiments to charge the enemy's line once more. The Ninth Massachusetts, Thirty-second Massachussets, and Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers went out, but soon came back in disorder, having suffered heavily. The Twenty-second Massachusetts and Fourth Michigan were ordered to the rifle-pits to re-enforce the line and prevent the rebels from following up their advantage. I went in charge and remained all day.

May 10 [13].-10 a.m. still in the rifle-pits. I had an anxious night, the brigade having left our main works, the commander having sent me no word of instruction. The enemy were in heavy force in my front, but fortunately made no attack during the night, which was stormy. The men were very uncomfortable in their pits, half filled, as they were, with water. In the morning (to-day), I was ordered to send out 20 men to draw the enemy's fire, which they did. Remained in the rifle-pits all day; at night were relieved by Ninth Massachusetts; marched to the rear and stacked arms, but had scarcely done so when orders were received to march. At 10 p.m. started from the right and waded 8 miles through much and water to the extreme left of the army (that is to say, from Laurel Hill to Spotsylvania), arriving at daylight. We brought less than half our men in with the colors, the emergency demanding a rapid movement, which soon exhausted our already weary men.

May 14.-10 a.m. ordered to get coffee and sleep. At 7 p.m. I was ordered out with Twenty-second Massachusetts, Fourth Michigan, and Sixty-second Pennsylvania to support Battery D, Fifth Artillery. The enemy shelled us as we went into position, but fortunately without much effect, several ravines affording shelter.

May 15.-The Twenty-second was re-enforced by about 20 returned veterans; 4 p.m., the day has been quiet; 6.30 p.m. General Ayres' brigade was formed in line of battle in our front, and I was ordered to place my three regiments in the second line. Here we remained until 8 p.m., when we bivouacked a short distance to the rear.

May 16.-About these times it was a serious question with officers as to how they and their horses could exist without rations - cause, mud.

May 17.-8.30 p.m., the lines were moved 500 yards to the front; entrenched.

May 18.-7.30 to 8 a.m. a brisk artillery fight between the batteries of our division and those of the enemy; again from 9 till 10 a.m.

May 19.-Quiet; pickets fraternizing; 5 p.m. we moved half a mile to our right. I was in command of Ninth and Twenty-second Massachusetts and Fourth Michigan, supporting Battery D, Fifth Artillery, and Ninth Massachusetts Battery. The rebels made a demonstration upon our pickets, but did not charge. The troops on our right were engaged under General Tyler.

May 20.-Quiet.

May 21.-7.30 a.m. slight skirmishing on our right, the pickets being required to advance, but they did not go far, the enemy being in full strength in our front; 1.15 p.m. we marched from our position on the Fredericksburg pike (1 mile from Spotsylvania) toward Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad.

