
was very active and worked hard to and did save his right from confusion when the brigade on his right gave way. The action ceased about dusk, when I was sent out to secure what prisoners I could find. I got only 4, with 1 of whom I was engaged in a personal encounter.

May 24.-6 p.m. the division moved to the south of the Virginia Central Railroad and entrenched.

May 25.-At 5 a.m. left our works and marched southeast toward Little River. 6 a.m. halted on Allison's plantation. My regiment was ordered out to the right, as a corps of observation, pending the arrival of the Sixth Corps. Saw plenty of the enemy's cavalry across the Little River, but nothing more. Some of my detached parties sent toward the river from my left were fired on by the enemy's pickets on the other side of the river. 3 p.m. was relieved by the Seventh Massachusetts, and rejoined the brigade, who were in line of battle, the enemy being in position on a ridge south of the river.

May 26.-Quiet all day. At 8 p.m. we moved from our position, recrossed the North Anna to Quarles' Ford. We halted from 11 p.m. to 3 a.m. of 27th, to issue rations, the Sixth Corps passing us meanwhile.

May 27.-At 6.40 a.m. we rested to make coffee near Saint Paul's Church, having made about 10 miles. At 5.30 p.m. halted for the night, having been on the road twenty-one and one-half hours, and marched 23 miles. Toward the last part many men gave out. The morning showery, middle part hot, last part cloudy and cool.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-At 5.30 a.m. took up the line of march for Hanovertown, passing Mangohick Church; 11.30 a.m. reached the Pamunkey at Dabney's Ferry, and crossed upon a pontoon bridge. Formed in two lines a mile from the river and erected barricades.

May 29.-7 a.m. marched 3 miles to the front, and then took a cross-road to the left, and formed a new line. At 1 p.m. we started again and ran into the rebel pickets at 3 p.m. 4 p.m. we formed line of battle, faced to the south, on Mr. Via's land - Ayres' brigade on the left across the road, Bartlett's on our right.

May 30.-7 a.m. our brigade started out on the road to Shady Grove Church. On reaching the picket-line of Ayres' brigade, I was ordered to advance, with my regiment deployed as skirmishers on each side of the road, with the Fourth Michigan in support. We immediately took the rebels out of the hands of Ayres' men, engaged and steadily drove them until we came to a clearing in front of our left wing. Here the dirty scoundrels had two lines of breast-works at right angles, so that they got a cross-fire upon us. I deployed some of my reserve and extended my line to the left, so as to enfilade those who were giving us the cross-fire, and after awhile started them all again. Farter on we found them posted on the edge of another clearing, but finally drove them, when the Thirty-second Massachusetts and Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers came, formed line of battle, and relieved us. We assembled in a ravine in rear of the brigade at about 1 p.m. We lost 4 killed and 15 wounded, including 1 officer wounded. While skirmishing we discovered the enemy moving in force toward our left and rear, of which fact I informed my superior officer. I have since learned that a large force attacked Crawford's division, which was coming

