
abandon them. On the right our lines appeared to be within 50 yards of those of the enemy. I lost many good men when pushing forward. Some of my skirmishers on the left nearly covered the front of Bartlett's brigade. At 2 p.m. Burnside made a vigorous attack upon the enemy's left, which continued until 3.30 p.m. At 3.20 p.m. the enemy got a rifle battery at work to enfilade Burnside's lines over the head of Bartlett's and Sweitzer's brigades. This annoyed my men some. At 6 p.m. Burnside attacked again and we received another shelling. 7 p.m. all quiet. The brigade lost 196 men killed and wounded. I lost 1 officer and 22 men, just 20 per cent. 9 p.m. returned to breast-works occupied by us in the morning.

June 4.-8 a.m. reports came that the enemy had left, and I was ordered on a reconnaissance upon the old road to Shady Grove Church (our fighting of yesterday had been near Bethesda Church). I had the Sixty-second Pennsylvania and part of the Twenty-first Pennsylvania, besides the Twenty-second Massachusetts. 9 a.m., after advancing a short distance, received an order suspending the movement. 12.14 returned with my command to the breast-works.

June 5.-Quiet all the morning. At 3 p.m. Colonel Sweitzer started on a reconnaissance up the Shady Grove Church road. The Twenty-second Massachusetts took the lead, supported by the Sixty-second Pennsylvania, all nuder my command, the rest of the brigade in support. The right wing of the Twenty-second Massachusetts was placed under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwin, of whose valuable service and we had previously been deprived by an accident; the left under charge of Major Burt. We met and drove the rebels in two places, but finally coming upon them in force, supported by artillery, we desisted, the object of the reconnaissance being accomplished. At dark marched toward Cold Harbor.

June 6.-Lay in camp, where we arrived at 8 a.m., having been on the road from Bethesda Church to Cold Harbor all night.

June 7.-At 4 a.m. marched toward the Chickahominy 5 miles, and halted near Sumner's (lower) Bridge. Here we went into line, erected defensive works and remained until June 12.*

Respectfully submitted.

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

ASST. ADJT. General, SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS.

No. 107. Report of Major Mason W. Burt, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT, Near City Point, Va., August 13, 18643.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac (see Special Orders, No. 209, current series), I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent campaign in Virginia:

I.

In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps, at 11 p.m., on the 3rd of May, broke

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

