
camp and marched to Wilderness Tavern, where we arrived at 2 p.m. on the 4th, having crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford. On the 5th formed lines of battle with the rest of the brigade on the left of the road leading from Wilderness Tavern to Parker's Store, and after building a breast-works moved out to attack the enemy. The regiment was first formed in the second line but moved to the right of the road and relieved some regiments in the first line; here it remained under quite a heavy musketry fire until about 3 p.m., and was then relieved by a part of the Second Division, Fifth Corps, when we moved back and occupied the works built in the morning. The skirmishers of the regiment were the first engaged with the enemy. At 3 a.m. on the 6th the regiment was again sent forward and took position with the right resting on the Parker's Store road, and the company of sharpshooters deployed as skirmishers in our front. Remained all day not engaging the enemy, but being considerably annoyed by the fire of skirmishers and occasional artillery shots. At 7 p.m. were ordered to the rear, but after moving back about 200 yards were again to the front, where we remained until 3 a.m. on the 7th instant, when we moved back to the works built on the 5th instant, and remained during the day. Here the regiment was under the fire of the enemy's artillery at intervals through the day.

The losses in this engagement are as follows: May 5, 1 officer wounded; enlisted men killed,4; wounded, 26; missing, 3. May 6, enlisted men killed, 1; wounded, 1. May 7, enlisted men wounded, 6. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 1 officer, 41 enlisted men.

II.

At about 8 a.m. on the 8th instant five companies of the regiment, after having been marching all night from the Wilderness, formed line of battle at a place now known as Laurel Hill, on the left of the Third Massachusetts Battery, and a short distance in rear of a position occupied a few minutes previous by the Third Brigade; here the regiment remained until all the troops around had commenced to fall back, and then by order moved to the rear about 300 yards, but soon returned, and when new disposition of troops was made took position in the second line and remained during the day, not being again engaged. The fire that the regiment was under in the morning at this place was not so severe as to compel it to withdrawn, but I understand the order was given to do so on account of some troops on our left being flanked and compelled to retire. The other six companies were left on picket guard at the Wilderness on the evening of the 7th, under Captain Field, of Company B, and in joining the corps for some cause unknown to me were placed under General Crawford and formed in the second line of battle some distance to the left of the position occupied by the balance of the regiment. After the troops in the front line had been driven back, and those on their left had fallen back, these companies held their ground, checked the advance of the enemy, and captured 176 prisoners, and the colors of the Sixth Alabama. This was at about 6 p.m., and on account of the small number of men with him the captain was unable to make any advance or show his force. but if the other troops had remained on the ground with him, thinks there is no doubt but that he could have captured several hundred prisoners. At about 10 a.m. on the 9th these companies joined the

