
balance of the regiment, and during that day were in the second line and not engaged. At about 10 a.m. on the 10th the regiment advanced and drove the enemy from their rifle-pits and held the ground, which was about 600 yards front of the line previously held by our forces; was relieved from this position at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and moved back to the line occupied in the morning, where we remained until 8 o'clock of the 12th; then moved again to the position gained on the 10th, and remained until 7 p.m. on the 13th, when the regiment marched to a position about 6 miles farther to the left, and remained there until the 21st.

In the above engagements the loss was as follows: May 8, enlisted men killed,5; wounded, 6. May 10, commissioned officers killed, 1; enlisted men killed, 12; wounded, 46; missing, 8. May 12, enlisted men wounded, 1. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 1 officer, 78 enlisted men.

III.

At 11 a.m. on the 21st marched from Spotsylvania Court-House and bivouacked near Guiney's Station that night. 22nd, marched until 2 p.m., then bivouacked for the night. 23d, marched to the North Anna River, and crossed at Jericho Ford about 12 m. The regiment was first to cross; was immediately deployed as skirmishers, and advanced through a piece of woods toward the Virginia Central Railroad, driving the enemy before it; halted about one-half mile from the railroad and remained in front of the brigade until the enemy advanced at 3 p.m., then drove back his skirmishers and fought his of battle until it came to within 50 yards of our line, when the regiment joined the line of the brigade; remained in this line (with the exception of about two hours it was on the skirmish line the night of the 23d) until the evening of the 24th, the marched about 1 mile to the right and bivouacked. On the morning of the 25th marched about 2 miles to Little River; the regiment was deployed as flankers on the right of the division from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m. when they were relieved by the Seventh Massachusetts of the Sixth Corps; then joined the brigade and formed in their line of battle and remained in this position until the evening of May 26.

Took 5 prisoners in the above battle and lost as follows: May 23, enlisted men killed,1; wounded, 9; missing, 3. May 25, enlisted men killed, 1. Total killed, wounded, and missing, enlisted men, 14.

IV.

At 9 p.m. of May 26 recrossed the North Anna River at Quarles' Mills and marched to the Pamunkey, crossing at Honovertown on the 28th instant, and bivouacked for the night about 1 mile from the river. May 29 marched about 3 miles, formed line near Totopotomoy Creek and bivouacked. 30th, advanced on the Shady Grove Church road; the regiment deployed as skirmishers at the head of the column, and drove the enemy for about 1 1/2 miles, and from two strong positions. At night was taken from front line and held in reserve until June 2 near Bethesda Church; there placed on the line again.

June 3 deployed as skirmishers and advanced in front of the brigade to within from 100 to 200 yards of the enemy's works; here

