
remained all day, receiving quite a severe musketry fire from the enemy, companies D, H, and sharpshooters keeping the enemy's gunners from two of his guns during the whole day. At night moved into the second line and remained until the afternoon of June 5; them made a reconnaissance about three-fourths of a mile out on the Shady Grove Church road, and drove the enemy's skirmishers back of his line of battle, after which returned to our position at

Bethesda Church. In the evening marched to near New Cold Harbor, and remained until June 7; them marched to near Bottom's Bridge, on the Chickahominy, and remained until the evening of June 12.

In the above battles took 8 prisoners and lost as follows: May 30, officers wounded,1; enlisted men killed, 4; wounded, 13. June 2, enlisted men wounded, 1. June 3, 1 commissioned officer killed; enlisted men killed, 6; wounded, 15. June 5, enlisted men killed, 1; wounded, 4. Total killed, wounded, and missing, officers, 2; enlisted men, 44.*

Very respectfully

MASON W. BURT,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 108. Report of Major James A. Cunningham, Thirty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS VOLS., August 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to forward the following history of the Thirty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers Infantry:

FIRST EPOCH.

May 3.-At 10.30 p.m. the bugle roused the regiment from its expected night's rest near Culpeper, Va., and soon after it was leading the brigade on the march to the Rapidan.

May 4.-Reached Germanna Ford and crossed at 8 a.m.; halted for breakfast an hour on the opposite bank; marched through a part of the Wilderness until 4 p.m., and encamped near Wilderness Tavern.

May 5.-Early this a.m. the regiment formed in line of battle near its camp of last night, in a pine woods, and immediately built breast-works. Its positions was on the right of the brigade. At noon it went out 1 mile beyond the works to meet the advancing enemy. Line of battle was formed in the woods and orders were given to the colonel to govern his movements by the regiments of the left. Obeying this order the regiment advanced to the edge of an open field and lay down, being protected from the enemy's fire by a slight

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

