
rise of the ground in front. No further order was received until the one at dark, relieving the regiment and sending it back with the brigade to its position behind the breast-works.

May 6.-At about an hour before daylight the regiment again went out to relieve the troops that had relieved it the previous evening. One company was thrown out as skirmishers. At midnight the advanced line was abandoned, and the regiment went back within the intrenchments, where it was massed in column by company, and rested until daylight.

May 7.-The regiment was formed in line of battle and took its former position behind the breast-works; at 10 p.m. moved to the left; marched all night.

May 8.-Came up with the enemy near Todd's Tavern; the regiment was detached from the brigade to support Battery E, (Fifth) Massachusetts. At midnight rejoined the brigade and took up position on the left behind breast-works already constructed.

May 9.-In the afternoon drove the enemy's skirmish line from the crest of the hill and established ours on the same. At night the enemy attacked our skirmish line and drove it back from that position.

May 10.-The position was retaken, and five companies of the regiment relieved the skirmish line. The loss of the regiment in these skirmishers was 1 killed and 33 wounded.

May 12.-The regiment made a charge on the enemy's works under a heavy fire of musketry and canister being on the extreme left of the line; the right of the line giving away, the regiment was ordered to retreat. The loss sustained by the regiment in this brief charge was 21 killed, 75 wounded. At dark, leaving the pickets to hold the line, the regiment marched to the left and was massed in the rear of General Barlow's division, of the Second Corps.

May 13.-Moved about a mile to the right and constructed breastworks. Here the pickets which were left the day previous rejoined the regiment. At 9 p.m. took up the line of march to the left; marched all night in a heavy rain-storm and deep and; halted at daylight.

May 14.-On the left of the Ninth Corps and in sight of Spotsylvania Court-House.

SECOND EPOCH.

Here the regiment was ordered to throw up works as quietly as possible, and remained in different positions, most of the time supporting artillery, until May 21, when it took up the line of march nearly east until it reached the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad near Guiney's Station, when it followed a more southerly course and encamped for the night at Edge Hill.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 22.-At 4 a.m. took up the line of march and marched about 10 miles; encamped for the night near Mat River.

May 23.-At 7 a.m. broke camp and marched nearly south, and reached the North Anna River at 3 p.m.; crossed at Jericho Ford and formed on the opposite bank. The brigade was formed in line

