
of battle, the Thirty-second Regiment on the extreme left. Advanced into a piece of pine woods and drove the enemy's skirmishers in; hastily constructed breast-works in time to repel a furious charge of the enemy that night.

May 24.-At 4 p.m. the regiment was ordered into a dense oak wood near Noel's Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, and encamped for the night.

May 25.-Moved 2 miles to the left, in the direction of Hanover Junction; formed a line of battle near Little River, and constructed breast-works. Established a picket-line, and remained in this position until 1 a.m. May 27; then the regiment was ordered to fall in, and marched to Quarles' Ford, where it recrossed the North Anna River; marched all day, and encamped for the night near the Pamunkey River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-Took up line of march at 4 a.m., crossed the Pamunkey River near Hanovertown, and encamped for the night.

May 29.-At 10 a.m. moved to a position on the left of the Ninth Corps, and remained there through the night.

May 30.-At 7 a.m. moved on, the brigade leading the division. The regiment being in the front line was engaged all day. Toward evening made a charge across an open field, took and held a position on the edge of a dense wood. The loss sustained this day was 4 killed and 19 wounded. At 11 p.m. the regiment was relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps; went back into an open field to rest, and remained there until June 1, when it was moved into breast-works on the left of its former position.

June 2.-Changed the position farther to the left and in the rear of the Fourth Division.

June 3.-Formed line of battle and charged across an open field under a heavy fire of musketry and canister. Took and held the position designed for the regiment, with a loss of 10 killed and 33 wounded.

June 4.-Occupied the same position.

June 5.-The regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance about 2 miles to the front; not meeting any enemy returned at dark; took up the line of march and marched all night; arrived at Allen's Mill at daylight, June 6, and encamped.

June 7. At 3 a.m. took up the line of march, and arrived at the Chickahominy River, and Dispatch Station; here formed in line of battle, threw up breast-works, and remained in this position until June 12, when the regiment moved to the left and encamped near Long Bridge.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. CUNNINGHAM,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

