
No. 109. Report of Major Oliver B. Knowles, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted), of operations June 1-12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, August 8, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, from army headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following report representing the casualties, fights, and marches of this regiment. The date of this regiment joining the Army of the Potomac commences with the fourth epoch; we are, therefore, unable to render my account of the first, second, and third epochs:

FOURTH EPOCH.

June 1.-Our regiment crossed the Pamunkey River and arrived at the Army of the Potomac, and were attached to the Second Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps, and took up a position behind breast-works.

June 2.-We changed position several times during the afternoon and evening, the enemy shelling us, from which we had 1 officer (Lieutenant Waters) killed.

June 3.-We were engaged with the enemy all day at Cold Harbor; our casualties were: Killed, 7; wounded, 47; among the latter being Colonel Boyd, Captain Phillips, Lieutenant Doyle, and Lieutenant Clarke. We remained there until night; we then moved to the left and occupied other breast-works until June 5. We then marched within half a mile of the Chickahominy, threw up breast-works, where we remained until June 12, when we marched to the Chickahominy.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,O. B. KNOWLES,

Major Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Regiment

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 110. Report of Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett, U. S. Army,commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 7.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS, May 7, 1864-12 m.

CAPTAIN: The enemy's batteries are in the same position behind earth-works that were occupied by them yesterday. My advance pushed him back to the works, but was not supported on their left by the Twelfth and Seventeenth Infantry, and could not attack across the open field. The enemy's artillery firing from my left enfiladed my entire line, which made a cross-fire of artillery upon my troops, inflicting considerable loss upon them. I am now advancing to push him back as far and last as possible.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

