
I inclose a report made to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Herring, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania, who had command of the advance.* I will make a report of the present operations as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. J. BARTLETT.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 111. Report of Major Ellis Spear, Twentieth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va.,August-, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 209 (extract 5), dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report:

I.

On the morning of the 4th of May the regiment crossed the Rapidan, and in the afternoon went into line of battle on the left of the Orange Court-House road, and there bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 5th I threw up earth-works and cleared the trees in front. At 12.30 p.m. advanced through the woods in second line of battle about three-fourths of a mile, emerging into a section opening under heavy fire of musketry from front and left. Observing from cessation of fire on the right that that part of the line had not come up I immediately deployed a company as skirmishers across the road and in the wood, and ben back my right, and, with the regiment originally in my front, which being flanked had formed in rear and faced also to the right, held the enemy in check until, passed from right and left and in front, we fell back to our original works, bringing off 35 prisoners, with loss of 10 men killed, 58 wounded, and 16 missing. Lay in line of battle on the 6th in front of the works. Lost 2 men killed and 10 wounded. The 7th I advanced under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Herring, with orders to push the enemy back as far as possible, and ascertain his position and force. Their skirmishers were driven at once through the woods until they opened fire of artillery and musketry from a line of earth-works, when I withdrew out of range of the musketry, and occupied an interior line as support to the picket. Loss, 2 officers killed and 1 wounded; 2 men killed and 10 wounded.

II.

At 1 a.m. of the 8th followed the brigade to Spotsylvania Court-House. Arriving at Laurel Hill at 8 a.m., this regiments was ordered to report to General Crawford. Advanced toward the enemy

---------------

*See p.590.

---------------

