
and lay during the day under heavy fire of artillery. At 6.30 a.m. I moved forward, with other detachments of the brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Herring, supporting a line of General Crawford's division, under severe fire of musketry, and halted in close proximity to the front line, then at a halt and firing, when suddenly in the twilight the enemy rushed on my line. After a sharp action heavy were repulsed, leaving about 100 prisoners, including 4 commissioned officers captured by my regiment. Loss, 1 officer killed and 2 wounded; 5 men killed, 13 wounded, and 2 missing. At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 9th I was ordered to withdraw and report to the brigade.

Took no active part in the operations of the 10th and 11th. Loss, 1 killed, 2 wounded. Moved to the right on the morning of the 12th and occupied earth-works; back again at midday, and to the left; in support of a portion of the Ninth Corps at night. The day following moved to the right and entrenched, and at night marched to the left occupied ground vacated by a part of the Ninth Corps; 1 officer wounded. From the 13th and to the 20th, inclusive, occupied rifle-pits in front of the enemy near Spotsylvania Court-House; loss, 1 killed.

III.

Moved at 1 p.m. the day following, being in advance, the regiment under command of Colonel Chamberlain; took part in a skirmish with the enemy's rear guard of cavalry and artillery, losing 1 wounded.

The regiment crossed the North Anna River in the afternoon of the 23rd and took part in the action of that day; 1 officer wounded. Then pushed on to the railroad and occupied a line, with some skirmishing, in front of the works of the enemy until the night of the 26th. Loss, 3 wounded.

IV.

Marched to [vicinity of Mangohick Church] on the 27th, and crossed the Pamunkey the day following. Moved forward again on the 30th, supporting a part of the brigade, them skirmishing with the enemy. On the 1st day of June the regiment moved forward and entrenched. Loss, 1 man killed. Fell back on the 2nd, with some skirmishing, and occupied an interior line of rifle-pits. Loss, 2 officers wounded.

The day following advanced with the brigade, making a left half wheel, and pushed the enemy back, losing 22 men wounded, 2 killed, 1 officer wounded, and 1 man missing. On the night of the 5th moved to the left, and bivouacked in rear of the Ninth Corps. Marched on the morning of the 7th, and moved out to the support of the picket-line near the Chickahominy.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELLIS SPEAR,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

