
brigade it was assigned to the extreme right, afterward to the center, and at night it was moved to the left in rear of where the Second Corps has been fighting during the day. Here the brigade bivouacked for the night, and at 3 o'clock in the morning of the 13th instant it moved back to the right, and built a line of earthworks.

At 9 o'clock at night the regiment marched to the left of the Ninth Corps on a very heavy and muddy road, arriving in a very exhausted condition in the morning in front of Spotsylvania, and was placed in line of battle, where it remained during the 14th, 15th, 16th, and the day of the 17th. After dark on the night of the 17th it moved forward to the picket-line,and worked all night, throwing up rifle-pits, behind which the regiment remained the 18th, 19th, and 20th.

THIRD EPOCH.

At about 12.30 o'clock on the 21st the brigade was withdrawn from the line without any casualty, and marched during the afternoon down the Bowling Green road beyond Guiney's Station. The regiment was sent out at night on outpost duty in front of the brigade. On the 22nd the march was commenced at about noon, and continued until 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

May 23 the brigade marched to Jericho Ford on the North Anna, and forded the river at about 2 o'clock. As soon as the brigade had reached the south bank of the river the Eighteenth Regiment was detached from it, and sent to occupy a commanding hill to the right and left of the crossing near the Fontaine estate. I disposed a part of the regiment on the crest of the hill behind a hastily constructed breast-works of rails, and sent out two companies, one under command of Captain Dallas and the other under command of Captain Pray, to prevent the enemy's skirmishers from occupying the buildings about the Fontaine estate or a patch of woods directly in front of the line, from which if one seized it would have been difficult to have dislodged him. These companies were actively engaged for nearly an hour before the furious attack was made by Hill's corps on the division.

During the assault, although the enemy did not approach in the immediate front of my command, still it was exposed to a heavy musketry and artillery fire. I received here a severe wound in the hand, disabling me, and the command of the regiment devolved on Captain Meservey, the senior officer present.

In closing my report, I am pleased to say that both the officers and men of my command during the series of operations to this date have behaved in a manner that has entirely satisfied me. Where all have acted so well there is little reason to particularize, yet I deem Captain Meservey and Adjutant Baker are entitled to special remark for the gallantry the exhibited while rallying the regiment at Laurel Hill.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. C. Bartlett,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

37 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

