
made by the enemy, it held its position with bayonets until re-enforcements arrived, consisting of the First Michigan Volunteers, and afterward of the Third Delaware Volunteers. The rapidly constructed breast-works of rails so effectively covered the men that the casualties were only 6 enlisted men killed and 9 wounded.

June 2.-Commenced at 4 o'clock in the afternoon to withdraw, and while executing the movement the enemy made an attack, but did not succeed in thwarting it. Two men of the regiment were wounded.

June 3.-While advancing the line in order to straighten it, a very heavy fire was received from the enemy's artillery. Captain Charles F. Pray was killed, and by the same missile 3 enlisted men were killed and 2 wounded. The other casualties of the day were 2 men killed and 5 wounded.

June 4.-The enemy had retired in the immediate front, but the regiment remained quiet during the day, and until the evening of the 5th, when it withdrew, and on the morning of the 6th bivouacked in rear of the Second Corps, near Cold Harbor.

June 7.-The division marched 3.30 a.m. to Sumner's Brigade, on the Chickahominy, the Eighteenth Regiment having the advance of the column. Upon approaching the rive it was found that the enemy's pickets were on the left bank of the river, and the regiment was ordered to drive them across the river and secure the bridgehead, which was promptly done by Captain Bent, with a skirmish line of 50 men. A short distance-line was established along the river bank, and the remainder of the regiment was placed in reserve. During the day the enemy used artillery upon the troops though with but little effect. Two men were mortally wounded while advancing to the river, and 1 officer afterward wounded by a piece of shell.

June 8.-The regiment was relieved from picket duty, and pitched its camp about half a mile from the river, where it remained till the evening of Jun 12, when it marched to Jones' Bridge and bivouacked.*

B. F. MESERVEY,

Captain, Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 114. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Throop, First Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST MICHIGAN VETERAN INFANTRY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Army of the Potomac Special Orders, No. 209, I have the honor to submit the following report:

FIRST EPOCH.

My regiment crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford on the morning of the 4th day of May, with 14 officers and 176 muskets. About 8 o'clock, after a rest of about two hours for breakfast, we

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

