
relieved by Ninth Corps, and moved to left; worked all night building breast-works, and in the morning (31st) was relieved by Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry, and again moved to the left, and remained in the woods till the morning of June 1, when the regiment went as a support to the picket-line, which was ordered to advance. After driving the enemy's skirmishers back to their works we relieved the skirmish line and remained out till nearly dark, when the enemy advanced on our lines, and a sharp engagement of two hours ensued, ending in a complete repulse of the enemy. Our regiment again deployed as skirmishers, and drove those of the enemy from the pits, and occupied them till relieved on the morning of the 2nd of June by the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania. On the afternoon of June 2 our lines were swung back and were attacked in force by the enemy, the fighting ending only with the daylight. We held our ground, handsomely repulsing the enemy at every point. On the 3rd June the sharpshooters annoyed us badly, when skirmishers were advanced, driving their line over the hill on our front and out of range. At the same time our lines on the right were straightened by the wheeling to the left of the Second Brigade, and the First Michigan, Eighteenth Massachusetts, Forty-fourth New York, and Twentieth Maine, of Bartlett's brigade, which exposed us to severe shelling. Remained here (Bethesda Church) in line till the night of the 5th, having more or less skirmishing each day, and losing men in killed and wounded every day. Left lines at Bethesda Church about 2 a.m. of the 6th, marching to Allen's Mill, in the vicinity of Cold Harbor, where we went on picket, our left connecting with pickets on Ninth Corps, and right with Wilson's cavalry. Were relieved at dark by the Eighty-third Pennsylvania. At daylight of the 7th marched to Sumner's lower crossing on the Chickahominy River; bivouacked near the Tyler house. Here we remained, doing picket duty on the river, until the night of the 12th, when we moved to the left.

The casualties are as follows:*

Very respectfully submitted.

WM. A. THROOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 115. Report of Captain Guy W. Fuller, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY, VET. VOLS., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, to forward the subjoined report of the operations of this regiment during the recent campaign, extending from May 4 to July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 4th of May the regiment, Major Robert T. Elliott commanding, crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford at 10 o'clock in the morning, having broken bivouac at 1 a.m., and reached the Wilderness

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 5 wounded. For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Pat I.

---------------

