
at 3 p.m., meeting no opposition. On the 5th the regiment was detailed to guard the wagons train at Wyckoff's Ford, and performed this duty till the morning of the 6th, when it rejoined the brigade and was ordered into the third line, supporting a portion of the brigade. On the 7th the regiment was thrown out as skirmishers, in charge of Captain George H. Swan, with orders to advance till the enemy was found, and there hold them in check. After advancing about 1 mile the left of the line became engaged and drove the enemy from an advanced line of rifle-pits. This our men took possession of, but owing to an enfilading fire bearing upon them from the enemy's second line, were compelled to return a short distance to the crest of a hill, which they occupied and held until nearly dark, when, the enemy having driven in the skirmishers of the Sixth Corps on the right of the regiment, it was compelled to retire the whole line a short distance. On the line thus formed the regiment remained on picket until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 8th, when it fell back, taking the road toward Spotsylvania Court-House. The loss of the regiment in killed and wounded during the 7th and 8th was 37.

SECOND EPOCH.

About noon on the 8th rejoined the corps near Spotsylvania Court-House after a forced march, and was at once ordered to report to General Crawford, commanding Third Division, as support. About dark, in conjunction with the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was ordered by General Crawford to the support of the left of his line, and in attempting to reach the position designated,and while endeavoring in line of battle to pass over an almost impassable swamp, three-fourths of the regiment in the darkness, which by this time had become complete, and in the confusion resulting from a portion of our troops falling back, became separated from the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania, and under command of Captain Guy W. Fuller was left to do as it best could. That portion of the regiment in command of Captain Fuller was at once formed into line on the edge of the swamp. The enemy, having driven in the first line, advanced two regiments by a flank down a ravine on our left and deployed there, with the intention of turning the left flank of our position, but the regiment opened upon them a destructive fire, throwing them into confusion, and many of our men advancing, a hand-to-hand conflict ensued, resulting in the capture of their colonel and a large number of men. The loss to the regiment was small, composed mainly of prisoners taken by the enemy, who were subsequently recaptured by our cavalry.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 9th fell back, rejoining the brigade at noon, remaining in line without being engaged till 12 m. of the 10th, at which time the regiment was sent out to relieve the skirmishers of the Second Brigade. Relieved under a heavy fire of musketry, which continued until night, at which time the regiment was relieved. On the 11th again on the skirmish line until night and then relieved. At 2 a.m of the 12th moved to right, and at daylight occupied the line vacated by the Second Corps. At 12 m. moved back to near position of the Second Brigade, and occupied line of breast-works on the left of that brigade. At 5 p.m. moved to the left about 3 miles, and in conjunction with the division remained all night in support of the Second Corps. On the

