
morning of the 13th returned to our original position and constructed line of breast-works. At 9 p.m. received marching orders, vacated breast-works and marched all night, reaching the left of the Ninth Corps at daybreak of the 14th, on the east of Spotsylvania Court-House; remaining in breast-works at this point until night of the 17th, advanced 1 mile and threw up a line of earth-works. Occupied this line until noon of the 21st, at which time fell back and moved in the direction of the North Anna River. After a march of 12 miles bivouacked for the night.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the morning of the 22nd moved forward again, regiment acting as advance guard for the corps. No opposition encountered until near Pole Cat Creek, at which point the enemy's rear guard was found posted in a belt of woods, with artillery in position in the open country beyond. Four companies of this regiment were at once deployed as skirmishers, and, advancing, drove the enemy from their position, capturing a number of prisoners. No further resistance was met with, and the regiment, in conjunction with Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, advanced to near Mrs. Allen's and established a picket-line 1 mile in advance of the corps. On the morning of the 23d, continued the march toward the North Anna River, fording that stream about 3 p.m. After a short halt, and just as this regiment was ordered to occupy a position in the second line, the enemy opened a heavy fire of artillery and charged the right of the line, causing a portion of it to retire. This regiment, with the Eighty-third Pennsylvania, was ordered to regain possession of the ground, and, moving by a flank to the spot, formed line of battle under a heavy fire of musketry, and drove the enemy back with great loss and retired the lost position. After night-fall the regiment was relieved and took up its position on the second line. On the 24th moved to near Noel's Tavern on the Virginia Central Railroad. On the 25th moved to near Little River, and in the evening took up position with brigade in front line. On the night of the 26th recrossed the North Anna River and moved toward the Pamunkey, marching all night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the forced march toward the Pamunkey on the 27th, and on the morning of the 28th crossed the river at Hanovertown, went into line of battle on the south bank, and threw up a line of breast-works. On the morning of the 29th moved to near Totopotomoy Creek and remained in line of battle till the morning of the 30th, and again moved forward. About 1 p.m., in conjunction with the Eighty-third Pennsylvania, moved out to support the Second Brigade, which was engaged with the enemy. Orders were subsequently received to go into position on the left of that brigade, extending to its line. Formed line under a heavy fire and threw out skirmishers; exposed on an open field to a raking fire, the men stood their ground with great pertinacity, and protected themselves by heaping up earth with their hands, bayonets, and plates. Here it was that Major Robert T. Elliott was struck down while engaged in disposing his men for greater safety. Our skirmishers drove those of the enemy, and the regiment, under the command of Captain George H.

