
Swan, occupied the ground first taken until dark, when it fell back under cover of works erected by the Ninth Corps.

On the 31st the regiment was detailed for picket in front of the division and about 1 1/2 miles in advance, remaining until the morning of the 1st of June, when orders were received to advance as skirmishers. Advanced about three-fourths of a mile, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their rifle-pits and taking possession of them. This brought the regiment within rifle range of the enemy's main works and an annoying fire of musketry was kept up all day, the enemy making an attempt, assisted by artillery, to force us from the position. In the evening, after thirty-six hours of picket and skirmish duty, were relieved, and retired to rear of brigade. At dark, the enemy having succeeded in driving the skirmish line and were advancing, the regiment was ordered to support part of the brigade line; continued doing this duty till the afternoon of the 2nd, and then fell back to the vicinity of Bethesda Church, the enemy making great efforts to harass our movements, being close pressed, this regiment and the rest of the brigade occupied a line of breast-works, which they found constructed, and constructed, and opened a fire upon the enemy, which completely repulsed them.

On the 3rd a skirmish party sent out from this regiment drove the enemy's skirmish line back. Captured some prisoners, and occupied the rise of ground from which the enemy had been driven. Remained in this position with occasional skirmishing until the night of the 5th, and then moved to near Cold Harbor. After going into bivouac the regiment was sent on picket duty and remained till evening, being relieved by the Eighty-third Pennsylvania.

On the morning of the 6th moved to near Dispatch Station, on the Chickahominy, crossing that river at Long Bridge, remaining there doing duty until the night of the 12th.*

G. W. FULLER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 116. Report of Major Edward B. Knox, Forty-fourth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK STATE VOLS., Near Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Specal Orders, NO.209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-fourth Regiment New York State Volunteers in the several operations of the campaign, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the morning of May 4, 1864, this regiment crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and marched to a point on the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike, about 1 mile from Wilderness Tavern, and there encamped for the night. At 6 a.m. the following morning orders were given to march, when the enemy was discovered

---------------

*For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

