
advancing down the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike in force. About 2 p.m. the regiment went into action on the right of Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike, and about three-fourths of a mile in front of the ground occupied during the night previous. After about one-half hour's hard fighting we were relieved, and fell back about half a mile and took position behind breast-works. Our loss in this engagement was 1 officer (Captain S. F. Johnson) killed and 3 slightly wounded, and 11 enlisted men killed and 47 wounded. At 4 a.m., May 6, the regiment was placed in position in the front line on the right of the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike, a few rods to the front of the ground occupied during the battle of the day previous. We remained here until dark, when, in accordance with orders from General Bartlett, commanding brigade, we fell back to the breast-works occupied the night before. Our loss in this day's operations was 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded.

SECOND EPOCH.

Saturday, May 7, at 8 p.m. we took up the lie of march for Spotsylvania Court-House. At 9 a.m. May 8 line of battle was formed near Laurel Hill, and we advanced under a heavy musketry fire, halting at the crest of the hill and opened fire within 20 yards of the enemy's line. We maintained our position for about three-quarters of an hour. The enemy succeeded in forcing back the troops on our left, which caused us to fall back. Our loss during this engagement was Lieutenant Colonel F. Conner, Major E. B. Knox, Captain J. Fox, and Lieutenant T. Hoes, wounded; Captain B. R. Wood, jr., acting adjutant; Lieutenant O. L. Munger, and Lieutenant E. Bennett, prisoners; 11 enlisted men killed, 44 wounded, and 36 prisoners, 20 of whom, together with the 3 officers captured, were recaptured by Sheridan's cavalry the following day and rejoined the regiment May 26. Both field officers being wounded the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain E. A. Nash.

May 9, remained all day on the right of the Pine Grove road and about one-half mile to the rear of the ground occupied during the battle of the day previous. At 12 m. on the 10th moved up to the front for the purpose of participating in a charge on the enemy's works. The order to charge being countermanded, the regiment returned to its old position.

May 11, at 8 p.m. we relieved the Sixteenth Michigan on picket. Were relieved May 12, at 3 a.m., and moved to the right about 1 1/2 miles and took position behind works vacated by a portion of the Second Corps. At 5 p.m. marched to the left about 3 miles and went into bivouac in rear of the Second Corps. On the 13th, at 2 a.m., returned to our old position near Pine Grove road, went into bivouac, and threw up breast-works. At 10 p.m. moved again to the left about 7 miles and went into bivouac. On the 17th, at 8 p.m., moved about 1 mile to the front and constructed breast-works. On the 18th Captain C. Allen returned from recruiting service and assumed command of the regiment.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21, at 1 p.m. took up the line of march to the left, passing Guiney's Station, through Stanard's Swamp, and bivouacked at 11 p.m. On the 22nd, at 6 a.m., marched to the left about 12 miles, skirmished all day with Longstreet's rear guard, and went on picket

