
at dark. Five men wounded. On the 23d, at 9 a.m., pickets withdrawn and march continued to the left, reaching North Anna River near Island Ford at 2 p.m.; forded the river and formed on the south bank preparatory to going into bivouac, when our troops in front were attacked by the enemy. In obedience to orders we moved forward to their support and threw up breast-works. On the 25th, at 7 a.m., moved to the front, going into bivouac near Noel's Tavern.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 26, at 9 p.m. took up the line of march; halted at 5 p.m. on the 27th at Manhohick and went into bivouac. On the 28th, at 5 a.m., continued the march, crossing the Pamunkey at Hanovertown. Went into bivouac and constructed breast-works. On the 29th broke camp at 10 a.m., moved to the right and front near Totopotomoy River, and bivouacked at 9 a.m. On the 30th broke camp at 11 a.m. and moved to the front; skirmishers heavily engaged with the enemy; Captain Nash and 11 man wounded. At dark went on picket at the right of Mechanicsville road and about 5 miles from Mechanicsville. On the 31st relieved at 12 m. and went into bivouac.

June 1, at noon moved to the left and front about 1 mile and constructed breast-works. At 7 p.m. the enemy attacked our line and were repulsed. On the 2nd, at 2 p.m. moved to the rear about 1 1/2 miles and rested in line of battle. On the 3rd took up position on the right of Third Brigade, advancing under heavy artillery and musketry fire, and constructed breast-works; lost Captain B. K. Kimberly wounded, and 4 men killed and 16 wounded. On the 5th, at midnight, moved to the left 4 miles and went into bivouac. On the 7th, at 4 a.m., marched to Sumner's Bridge, on the Chickahominy, and went into bivouac.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. KNOX,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 117. Report of Lieutenant Colonel De Witt C. McCoy, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, current series, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the operations of the campaign beginning at the crossing of the Rapidan and ending in the assault upon the enemy's works in front of Petersburg on the 30th day of July, 1864, as follows:

The regiment crossed the Rapidan on the 4th of May last, then as all the times since and now being a part of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps. Marching thence of Old Tavern, on the

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

