
Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House turnpike, and bivouacked for the night. The next morning, May 5, it was announced that the enemy was advancing by the turnpike aforesaid from Orange Court-House. The regiment, Colonel O. S. Woodward, commanding, moved with the brigade along the turnpike toward the enemy perhaps half a mile, and formed a line of battle near the edge of an open field, the Eighteenth Massachusetts Regiment being on our left and supported by the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania and Twentieth Maine Volunteers forming a second line. In this order an advance was made at double-quick the field, driving the enemy's skirmishers posted on the farther side of it on their line of battle. The advance at double-quick was continued, our right resting on the turnpike. The enemy's line broken and pursued for nearly half a mile, when we halted. During this advance Colonel Woodward was seriously wounded below the right knee, from the effects of which he has since suffered amputation. At the place of halting we remained some fifteen minutes, and after investigation of the position and consultation with Colonel (now General Hayes, Eighteenth Massachusetts, and finding that the lines had not advanced as far as our lines either on the right or left, and that the enemy were forming on the right and attacking on the left as well as in front, we fell back to near the place of our bivouac the night before and reformed line, where we remained until next morning.

May 6, we moved again toward the enemy and formed line, supporting other troops, but were not engaged, returning in the evening to our first position, where we remained until the evening of May 7, which is the end of the first each as indicated in Special Orders, No. 209. Casualties: Killed, 14; wounded, 54; missing, 24. Officers wounded, 1.

On the evening of May 7 marched with the brigade, arriving the next morning (May 8) at Laurel Hill, near Spotsylvania Court-House, where we attacked the enemy's works and were repulsed with heavy loss. There Captain Stowe and Lieutenant Langley were killed, both being brave and noble officers. There we lost many of our best and bravest men. It is believed that the enemy suffered considerable loss from the bayonet, which our men used freely over the enemy's works, from which the regiment was only driven by the force of superior numbers. From this time until the 21st of May the regiment was engaged, part of the time in supporting other troops and part of the time in the front near Spotsylvania Court-House, which ends the second epoch. Casualties: Killed, 18; wounded, 99; missing,24.

During the afternoon, May 21, marched with slight opposition on the line of march and crossed the North Anna River May 23 at Jericho Ford. On the evening of this day the enemy made a sudden and fierce attack on our lines. This regiment with two others of the brigade (the First and Sixteenth Michigan) were sent to the right to check the enemy, some of our troops having there given way. We took position, checked the enemy, and drove him away. Corpl. Lewis Corbin, of Company B, here captured Colonel Brown, commanding a brigade of the enemy. From the 23rd to the 26th of May the regiment was supporting other troops. End of the third epoch. Casualties: Killed,6; wounded, 9. Officers: Killed, 2; wounded, 5.

On the morning of May 26 marched, crossed the Pamunkey River. May 28 and May 30 engaged skirmishing near Totopotomoy Creek.

