
June 1 engaged with the enemy near the same place. June 2 again engaged near Bethesda Church. Evening of June 5 marched, and arrived at Cold Harbor June 7 and encamped. End of the fourth epoch. Casualties: Killed,5; wounded, 19; missing,2*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCOY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-third Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 118. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles P. Herring, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS.118TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, May 7, 1864.

In accordance with orders received from General Bartlett, I advanced in command of our regiments (two volunteers and two regulars) to fell the enemy and drive them, keeping the right of my line upon the road. Upon reaching the open plain in front of the woods, drove in their skirmishers. Met with two pieces of artillery, and sent down to find two regiments on the left with the intention of making a flank movement, with the intention of taking their pieces; found they had left, when I returned to the breast-works in good order. In filing to the right they had reached the road, which brought them in the rear of my two right companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. P. HERRING,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 118th Regiment, Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant C. H. ROSS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS.118TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the several operations of the campaign, in accordance with Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac:

FIRST EPOCH.

Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford May 4, 1864; marched to Wilderness Tavern, bivouacking on Orange Court-House road.

Morning of 5th were ordered to march; 12 o'clock advanced 1 mile and met the enemy; after charging and engaging them, they were found on the flanks, pressing to our rear; the regiment returned with the brigade by order. Wounded, Colonel James Gwyn.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

