
Killed: Enlisted men, 2; wounded, 26; missing, 27. The command then devolved on Lieutenant Colonel Charles P. Herring; at 6 p.m. advanced to support of troops in front, forming part of second line, where we remained a few hours. Were relieved and returned to works.

May 6, at 4 a.m. advanced to front; remained all day exposed to heavy artillery fire; were relieved and returned to breast-works.

May 7, in connection with three other regiments, under command of Lieutenant Colonel C. P. Herring, were ordered to push the enemy back as far as possible and ascertain their position and force; after advancing and driving the skirmishers, continued to advance, and found the battery supported by a heavy line of battle. Wounded: Enlisted men, 10; missing, 1. Withdrew to the works, and were immediately ordered to advance and established a picket-line; after establishing the line remained on duty until 1 a.m., 8th instant, when the line was withdrawn. 8th, took up line of march toward Spotsylvania Court-House.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8, reached the front beyond Todd's Tavern, and reported to Major-Genera Warren; were ordered to report to Brigadier-General Crawford, who ordered me to support his line which was about advancing; were under very heavy fire until 5 p.m., when we advanced and marched through a dense thicket; the first line being hard pressed back to our lines, we became closely engaged with the enemy, repulsing them and holding our position until 3 a.m., 9th instant, at which hour we were ordered to retire by Brigadier-General Neill. Killed: Enlisted men,5; wounded, 24; missing, 1. 10th, rejoined our brigade by order of General Crawford; 6 p.m. advanced beyond the works of Fifth Corps for the purpose of charging the enemy; the order for the charge being countermanded, returned to bivouac. Killed: Enlisted man,1; wounded, commissioned officer,1; enlisted man,1. 11th in bivouac, under fire. Wounded: Commissioned officer, 1. 12th, at 3 a.m., moved with the brigade to the extreme right of the army and deployed as skirmishers on a line with the River Po; crossed the river by order of corps commander, under fire of the enemy's artillery. Killed: Enlisted man,1; wounded,3; missing,1. 13th, at noon, retired to interior line of works, and bivouacked; 10.30 p.m. took up line of march; moved about 7 miles; at daylight halted behind works in front of Spotsylvania Court-House. 15th, remained behind breast-works on Totopotomoy River. On evening of 17th advanced to the picket-line and threw up line of works. 18th, 19th, and 20th, exposed to heavy firing. Killed: Enlisted man, 1; missing, 1.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21, at 3 p.m. retired from works in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, marching about 10 miles, passing Guiney's Station, bivouacking on road to Bowling Green. 22nd, daylight, marched about 1 mile; formed line; 10 a.m. took up line of march. About noon came up with the enemy's rear guard, and was detached from the brigade and placed under command of Colonel Chamberlain for the purpose of captured a battery. After sharp skirmishing for

