
some time it was found the enemy had retired with their battery. Marched to near Bowling Green and bivouacked. Killed, enlisted man, 1; wounded, enlisted man, 1; 23d, marched at 7.30 a.m.; forded the North Anna River at Island Ford at 3 p.m.; halted in line of the bluffs above the river; at 6 p.m. were ordered to advance to support the line of First Brigade; advanced under heavy shelling and took position as portion of support of General Ayres' brigade, he being hotly engaged with the enemy. After dark built line of works. Wounded, enlisted men,1. 24th, moved about a mile to the right and bivouacked. 25th,marched a short distance to near Little River; from 9 a.m. until dark engaged in destroying Virginia Central Railroad. 26th, on picket along Little River near Hanover Junction. At dark withdrew from picket-line, and recrossed North Anna River. Wounded, enlisted men, 2.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27, on the march toward the Pamunkey River; bivouacked at dark. 28th, daylight, took up line of march; 9.30 a.m. crossed the Pamunkey River, formed line about 1 mile beyond river, and built line of works. 29th, moved about 3 miles toward Mechanicsville. Advanced slowly, supporting skirmishers, crossing Totopotomoy River; bivouacked near the river. 30th, moved on road toward Bethesda Church, supporting line of skirmishers. At dark threw up line of works near the church. Killed, enlisted men, 1. 31st, behind works.

June 1, advanced about a half mile to the front and built works; in the evening engaged with the enemy, who charged our works, and were repulsed. Wounded, enlisted men, 4. 2nd, furnished picket to cover front of brigade; 2 p.m. changed position, with the brigade, closely followed by the enemy; leaving detail of picket on picket-line, took position in rear of works near Bethesda Church, and were engaged with the enemy. Wounded, enlisted men, 4; missing, commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 86. 3rd, 4th, and 5th, continually engaged with the enemy. Wounded, commissioned officer, 1 (since died); enlisted man, 1. 5th, 8 p.m., relieved from works; marched about 5 miles to left, bivouacking. 6th and 7th, took up line of march and reached Sumner's Bridge, on the Chickahominy River. From June 7 to 12 in camp, engaged in doing picket duty.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. HERRING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

First Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 119. Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 3-8.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 25, 1866.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to submit the following memorandum of the operations of the Second

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

