
Division, Fifth Army Corps, from Culpeper Court-House to Spotsylvania Court-House in May, 1864:

The division left its encampment near Culpeper Court-House and Mitchell's Station at midnight on the 3rd of May; crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the 4th, and encamped that night near the Old Wilderness Tavern. On the morning of the 5th it started again on the march, taking the dirt road to Parker's Store, preceded by the Third and Fourth Division of the Fifth Corps. The advance of the column having encountered the enemy, my division was halted and formed in column near Lacy's house and held in reserve. The Fourth (Wadsworth's) Division, having been ordered to attack the enemy, I sent my Third Brigade to support it. In this movement the brigade met with considerable loss. Soon after Griffin's (First) division became heavily engaged on the road leading to Robertson's Tavern, and I was directed to go to his support. I moved my First and Second Brigade rapidly out on the road, and at the close of the engagement relieved Griffin's division, which was withdrawn to the rear after suffering heavy loss. My First Brigade, under command of Colonel Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, occupied the line, having the Sixth Corps on our right. In the afternoon, General Wadsworth having been directed to take part in the heavy engagement going on on our left, with your permission I accompanied him, taking with me my second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Baxter. Soon after entering the woods we became engaged with the enemy and drove him steadily before us until dark put an end to the affair, and I returned to the main body of my division. In this engagement my assistant inspector-general, Lieutenant-Colonel Allen, Twelfth Massachusetts Volunteers, a most worthy and meritorious officer, fell mortally wounded while riding at my side. The command became engaged again the next morning and suffered severely. General Wadsworth was killed and General Baxter wounded. On the evening of the 5th, while my Second Brigade was engaged on the left, the First Brigade on the turnpike road was ordered to advance against the enemy, and the Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers having to cross an open field, was exposed to a terrific fire of musketry and artillery, which nearly destroyed the regiment. For some reason, never explained, the troops on the right of this brigade, although protected by the woods, failed to advance with it. On the afternoon of the 6th I was ordered to send one brigade to the support of Major-General Hancock on the Brock road. Soon after I was directed to send another, and went with it myself. I formed these brigades in two lines on the right of the Second Corps, and remained there until the afternoon of the next day.

After seeing my division well established in this position, and having ordered rifle-pits constructed, I rode to General Hancock's headquarters. He informed me that he had received orders to attack the enemy, and desired me to get ready to assault. I immediately returned to my command, made the necessary dispositions for the movement, and awaited orders. About two hours after I heard sharp musketry on my left, and Major-General Birney came to me in great haste, stating that the enemy had broken through our lines and General Hancock was cut off. I asked him what force had broken through, and he replied three or four divisions. I at once faced my second line about and made proper dispositions to

38 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

