
received an attack on my left and rear. General Birney then asked my opinion as to the propriety of changing the position of the whole line. I replied, "Before doing that you had better report what has occurred to General Meade." He said he had already done so. While we were conversing on the subject a staff officer came up and informed General Birney that General Hancock desired to see him. I learned soon after that instead of breaking through our lines the enemy had been repulsed, but not until after one division of the Second Corps had been driven from the breast-works.

At 9 p.m. on the 7th the army commenced the flank movement to the left, the Fifth Corps leading, with my division in advance. Our march was impeded by darkness, bad roads, small streams, and fallen timber; yet, knowing the importance of reaching Spotsylvania Court-House before the enemy, the troops were urged forward as rapidly as possible. At daylight on the morning of the 8th I overtook the advance guard of cavalry, which was engaged with the enemy. I immediately deployed two brigades, holding the third in reserve, pushed by the cavalry (commanded by Brigadier-General Merritt), and drove the light troops and artillery of the enemy from one position to another, through woods and across open fields for about 3 miles. Coming to another field I could plainly see the enemy's line in the edge of timber beyond. I here halted and reformed the division, and again advanced to the attack. The division was soon checked and it became evident that here was the enemy's main line, but his strength was undeveloped. Knowing that my brave men would followed wherever I led the way, I placed myself at their head and led them forward to the attack. At this moment a part of Griffin's division advanced out of the woods on my right. Cheering my men on, we had arrived within 50 yards of the works when I received a musket-ball in the left knee, resulting in amputation of my left. This unfortunate wound caused the result I feared, for as I was borne off the field I saw that our troops were repulsed and the attack had failed. Our loss this day was heavy, but I have never been able to learn the number of killed and wounded.

It was my intention to have made a full report of these operations, but having failed to receive the reports of my brigade commanders, I have been unable to do so. This brief statement, made at this late day, is necessarily imperfect, but is correct so far as it goes. I regret exceedingly that I am not able to do full justice to the brave officers and men who served so long and faithfully under my command, and whose gallantry has been conspicuous on many hard-fought fields.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Late Commander Fifth Army Corps.

No. 120. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, May 3-30.*

May 3.-At midnight broke camp at Mitchell's Station, Va., on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

May 4.-Marched at daybreak, crossing the Rapidan.

---------------

*From return for May.

---------------

