
May 5 to 7.-Took part in the battle of the Wilderness. At night marched to beyond Todd's Tavern; charged the enemy, who held our cavalry in check, and drove him 2 miles.

May 8.-Assaulted the enemy's works at Laurel Hill, in connection with the rest of the division, and were repulsed.

May 9.-Brigade was sent to the right of Third Division.

May 10.-In the battle of this day relieved General Rice's brigade about 12 m.; made an assault at nightfall, and were repulsed.

May 11.-Brigade assigned to Brigadier-General Cutler, Fourth Division.

May 12.-Moved up to the same position the brigade held on the 10th. In the afternoon moved to the left, and reported to General Ricketts, Sixth Corps.

May 13.-Marched all night; crossed the Ny, and took up position on the Fredericksburg road, about 1 1/2 miles from Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 21.-Marched at 12 m.; crossed the Po at Guiney's Bridge, and bivouacked near Chandler's house.

May 22.-Marched to Bull's Church.

May 23.-Crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Mills, and participated in the engagement there.

May 25.-Moved to the left about 2 miles, and threw up breast-works.

May 26.-Left works at 9 p.m.; recrossed the river and marched to Mount Carmel Church.

May 27.-Marched beyond Dorrill's Creek.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey at Hanovertown,and took position on the ground a mile west from the river.

May 29.-Moved across Totopotomoy Creek, and entrenched at the fork of the roads near Lowry's house.

May 30.-Recrossed the Totopotomoy and entrenched near the Bethesda Church. From the commencement of operations until the end of the mount this brigade entrenched sixteen times.

No. 121. Report of Colonel Richard Coulter, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 3-9.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS, In Field near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 17, 1864.

SIR: I submit the following report of operations of brigade from 3rd instant, date of leaving Culpeper, Va., until evening of 9th instant, when brigade was temporarily transferred to Third Division:

Midnight 3rd instant, brigade (excepting Eighty-eight Pennsylvania, which had previously been detailed as wagon guard) marched, crossing Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and encamped about 5 miles from ford at 5 p.m. next day.

About 11 a.m., 5th instant, enemy were engaged on Fredericksburg and Orange turnpike, near Lacy's house, by parts of the First and Fourth Divisions. Ata 1 p.m. brigade ordered to support those engaged who had been compelled to retire to earth-works on road. After assisting to extend and strengthen earth-works were withdrawn, and, subsequently, 6 p.m., with Fourth Division, were moved to the left to support of General Hancock's right. After

