
entering wood, brigade advanced on right of Fourth Division in two lines, right wing of Eleventh Pennsylvania (which was on right of brigade) being marched by flank to protect our right. Soon engaged enemy's skirmishers, and a brisk fire was maintained until 8 p.m., when, becoming too dark, pickets were advanced and position occupied until next morning, General Rice's brigade, Fourth division, having in the mean time taken position on right of this brigade. Shortly after daylight, 6th instant, advance was resumed, Twelfth Massachusetts as skirmishers, General Cutler's brigade, Fourth division, on left and General Rice's brigade, Fourth Division, on right of this brigade. Enemy's skirmishers were driven with small loss, and plank soon gained, when Hancock's line was met advancing, and direction was changed to the right. Moved now along both sides of plank road about one-quarter mile, under brisk fire, when farther advance was checked by strong force of enemy, supported by artillery. Brigade was now disposed as follows: Eleventh Pennsylvania, Eighty-third New York, part of Twelfth Massachusetts and Ninety-seventh New York on left, and residue of Twelfth Massachusetts and Ninety-seventh New York on right of road. Portions of Fourth Division, Fifth Corps, were on right and Second Corps in rear and left of brigade. Was here directed by General Baxter, commanding brigade, to remain in position then occupied by portions of brigade on left of road, or move with troops connecting with me, until further orders. His being wounded almost immediately afterward prevented the receiving of further orders. In mean tine enemy had secured such a position as enabled him to deliver a most galling fire on our right flank. The regiments in front, also being hotly engaged, gave way, carrying with them those in rear, until met by another advancing line of Second Corps, with which again advanced, retaking and retaining most of the lost ground. This continued until 11 a.m. The loss in brigade was very severe, many reported missing are undoubtedly killed or wounded, and left on the field, while the nature of the ground, it being literally the Wilderness, rendered either an extensive view of the finding and properly caring for the wounded utterly impossible. By the wounding of General Baxter, command of brigade devolved on myself. I united my command to portion which I found near General Hancock's headquarters, amounting in all to about 600 men, and was by General Hancock ordered to report to General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, and by him was sent with Colonel Brooke's brigade to extreme left, in anticipation of an attack in that quarter. Here remained until about 5 p.m., strengthening position, when I was directed by General Gibbon to report to General Hancock, by him to General Robinson, and by him to General Warren. After being marched to various points to meet apparent exigencies of the movement, was, at 10 p.m., ordered by General Warren into position on plank road in rear of army headquarters, enemy's efforts being at time directed against right of Sixth Corps.

On morning of 7th instant was ordered to report to General Ricketts, commanding Third Division, Sixth Corps, on right of General Griffin, and assisted in strengthening position until 2 p.m., when was withdrawn to Lacy's house and was joined by residue of brigade, under command of Colonel Bates, Twelfth Massachusetts, and later in evening by Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, who had been returned from wagon guard and were acting during day with First Brigade, Colonel Lyle.

