
The portion of brigade under Colonel Bates, after engagement of morning of 6th instant, had formed near Lacy's house, and was by General Warren ordered into position on left of General Griffin, where, with some slight change, remained until rejoining brigade.

At 10 p.m. division, now united, marched to left on road to Spotsylvania Court-House. This leading, passed Second Corps, marched all night, and about 5 a.m., 8th instant, went into position. Twelfth Massachusetts and right wing of Eleventh Pennsylvania deployed as skirmishers; advanced about 1 1/2 miles, with some loss, enemy's skirmishers retiring. At this point lines, which were somewhat disordered, were under direction of General Robinson, reformed and advance resumed, this brigade on left and First and Third Brigades on right of road. From this point ground was open; enemy had taken position in edge of woods, strengthening himself by felling trees. When within about 75 yards of enemy's, fire having become very severe both on left flank, which was entirely unprotected, and front, advance was checked, and soon after brigade was compelled to retire as far as woods, where lines were partially reformed, sufficient to secure withdrawal of our artillery. Finally, however, being still pressed, the whole division retired to near Alsop's house, when reformed and temporary defenses of rails were erected. During the advance General Robinson was severely wounded and taken from the field. His being disabled at this juncture was a severe blow to the division, and certainly influenced the fortunes of the day. The want of our commanding officer prevented that concert of action which alone could have overcome the enemy in front. I may here remark that the division from date of leaving Culpeper had been labored to its utmost ability, either marching, engaged with the enemy,or employed in the erection of defensive works. It had also marched the entire night previous to, and went into, this action without having had either rest of refreshment. Those whose duty it had been to reconnoiter the front reported "only dismounted cavalry." Bridge and division were pressed forward with great rapidity over difficult ground, many being compelled from utter exhaustion to halt, so that when enemy was in reality met our lines were almost decimated, and those remaining unfit for any offensive operations. One of the men advancing, having obtained through the thick undergrowth a view of enemy's skirmishers, remarked "pretty dismounted cavalry, carrying knapsacks." The sequel proved the truth of this remark. The division exhausted and decimated soon found itself engaged by a strong and veteran (Hood's) division of the enemy, choosing the ground and abiding the attack. By the disability of General Robinson, command of division temporarily devolved on myself, being senior colonel present. Division reformed as before stated and remained in position until 8 p.m., when it was advanced to a position on right of point of morning attack. Here were employed during night and until noon of 9th instant erecting defensive works. In the evening of this day First Brigade, Colonel Lyle commanding, was temporarily assigned to Fourth Division; Second Brigade, myself commanding, to Third Division; the Third Brigade, Colonel Bowerman commanding, being retained by General Warren under his own supervision.

In so far as it may be proper for a junior I desire to call attention to the gallantry of General Baxter, commanding brigade. Wherever his presence was required there was he found giving direction and

