
morning. At dark, in connection with the division commanded by Colonel Coulter, marched toward the center of the line, remaining in reserve until midnight; was marched to the right half a mile; threw up breast-works. Morning of the 9th received orders that all communications would be issued direct to the brigade from corps headquarters, the division being temporarily broken, consequent upon the wounding of General Robinson. Bivouacked till 3 p.m., marched toward the Mat River; reported to General Crawford; 8 p.m. advanced a half mile in connection with Lyle's brigade; threw up line of works; skirmishing all day. Daylight 10th in reserve in rear of adjoining brigade; 11 a.m. ordered by General Warren, in person, to support battery near Mat River; 1 o'clock, marched with portion of corps and Second Corps,which crossed the river at this time, to rear of General Crawford's division; remained in reserve; heavy fighting going on. 11th, in bivouac. 12th, 3 a.m. occupied line of works in rear of Jones' house; considerable firing all day on the skirmish line and from a rebel battery in view; 5 p.m. was sent to rear of Sixth Corps, leaving our skirmishers; returned at midnight to plank road; threw out skirmishers and formed line at junction of roads. 13th, 10 a.m. occupied works near those of previous day at Jones' house, relieving portion of Sixth and Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery; 10 p.m. received orders to march; also provided with copy of General Meade's congratulatory; 11 p.m., leaving our skirmishers, followed General Crawford's division. At daylight 14th reached near Spotsylvania Court-House, via Fredericksburg road; bivouacked here till morning of the 18th; went on picket at the Myres house, relieving Sixth Corps; 4 p.m. Sixth Corps returned, went back to bivouac, remained till afternoon of the 19th.

REPORT OF THE BATTLE OF HARRIS' FARM, MAY 19, 1864.

The brigade in bivouac near General Warren's headquarters and under his special orders. At 4 p.m. heard firing on the right flank of the army near our position - Po River; firing continuing, held the brigade in readiness. About 4.30 p.m., conducted by Major Roebling, of General Warren's staff, started at a double-quick in the direction of the firing, which was now ascertained from the prisoners to be an attack by Ewell's corps to gain the Fredericksburg road. Formed line of battle in following order: Fourth, Eighth, First, and Seventh Regiments. Received orders through Lieutenant-Colonel Bankhead, assistant adjutant-general, to forward the line toward the sound of battle and advance therein., In fifteen minutes reached the field and went into action and position in the front line, connected on the left and partly in the line of the First Maine Heavy Artillery, and on the right with the First Maryland Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Dushane. The brigade became hotly engaged at once, firing very brisk; the fight continued till darkness partly caused the firing to cease, our lines holding their original position, defeating all attempts of the enemy to break through. Shortly after dark the brigade was relieved by General Tyler's division from the front line, but formed in the second. Colonel Dushane having been severely strained by having his horse shot from under hi, at his desire I still remained in command. 10 p.m., by order of General Crawford, went to the left about 200 yards and prolonged the first line of battle, connecting with Sixth New York Artillery on the right, the

