
left protected by sharpshooters. Lay on our arms all night and in line till daylight disclosed the enemy withdrawn under cover of the night.

May 20, threw up breast-works near Harris' farm. May 21, 1 p. m. marched with corps toward Guiney's Station; 3 p. m. ordered to bring up rear of train; 10 p. m. went on picket at army headquarters. May 22, daylight, rejoined corps; wagon guard this day; marching toward North Anna River. May 23, this morning Colonel Dushane assumed the command.

I am, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD N. BOWERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Maryland Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant JOSIAH BANKERD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 123. Report of Colonel Samuel A. Graham, Purnell Legion, Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade (late Third Brigade).

FIRST EPOCH.

Battles of the Wilderness, from May 4 to May 7, 1864, inclusive.

At 9 p. m. May 3, 1864, the Third Brigade (now Second Brigade, and known as the Maryland Brigade), Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, Colonel A. W. Denison, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, commanding, received orders to be prepared to move at 12 midnight. At 1.10 a. m. May 4 the brigade was ordered to join the division on the road at the foot of Pony Mountain, after which we moved for Germanna Ford, via Stevensburg, Va., crossing Rapidan River at said ford at 11.40 a. m.; marched about 2 1/2 miles southward, and halted for the night. On the 5th, at 8 a. m., the march was resumed, reaching the Wilderness at 10 a. m.; moved 1 mile south of the town; formed in line of battle, and advanced through a dense pine wood, supporting General Wadsworth (Fourth Division). Moved about 2 miles in a southerly direction, when heavy skirmishing followed, and a terrific battle took place in our immediate front between the enemy and General Wadsworth's command. At 1.40 p. m. General Cutler's brigade, which was in our immediate front, was overpowered, and fell back in confusion, breaking through our line of battle at different points, creating some confusion for a moment, which, however, was promptly allayed, and the line properly established, when the enemy made a furious and desperate assault upon us, but was defeated and severely punished; rallying his forces, he again attacked our lines, when a sharp engagement ensued, in which we suffered severely. It became apparent that the enemy's force was much superior to ours in numbers, and at 2.25 p. m. it was ascertained that we were being effectually out-flanked on both right and left, and in imminent danger of being captured, when a retreat was ordered, which was executed in good order, falling back to the open ground upon which we formed before advancing. In this engagement the brigade sustained a loss of 2 officers and 18 men killed, 6 officers and 93 men wounded, and 1 officer and 60 men missing. During the 6th and 7th the brigade was frequently moved as a support to other troops, but did not get into any engagement.

