
SECOND EPOCH.

Battles of Spotsylvania, from May 8 to May 21, inclusive.

At 9 p. m. on the 7th received orders to march for Spotsylvania. The brigade was moving all night, and at 8.30 a. m. on the 8th of May we met the enemy's cavalry in considerable force, on the Spotsylvania road, driving them from the temporary works which they had thrown up, and pursuing them vigorously for a mile, when we came upon the enemy's infantry, strongly intrenched. A charge was ordered. All preliminaries being completed, the assault was made, in which both officers and men behaved well, fighting against vastly superior numbers, behind formidable breast-works. The battle was a severe one, but we failed to dislodge the enemy or carry the works, and after a contest of half an hour's duration were compelled to retire in some confusion. In this engagement we sustained a loss of 1 officer and 15 men killed, 7 officers and 110 men wounded, and 6 officers and 53 men missing. Colonel Denison, commanding the brigade, was severely wounded during the charge, when he turned over the command to Colonel C. E. Phelps, of the Seventh Maryland Volunteers, who was also wounded and taken prisoner, whereupon Colonel R. N. Bowerman, of the Fourth Maryland Volunteers, took command. In consequence of the loss of our division commander, General Robinson, the division was dissolved for the time being, and this command was held as a reserve or separate brigade under orders direct from corps headquarters. On the 9th, 10th, and 11th the brigade was not engaged, but moved to other points as support to other troops. On the 12th the brigade was advanced as skirmishers and sustained a considerable loss in wounded only. On the 13th we marched to the Mat River, near Spotsylvania Court-House, but participated in no general engagement until 5 p. m. May 19, on which day the First Maryland Veteran Volunteers were returning from veteran furlough, when heavy skirmishing ensued as they were approaching on the right of the Fredericksburg road, on the extreme right of the army, in which this regiment especially did good service. Colonel Dushane, commanding, at once placed his regiment in line, and advanced to the support of the cavalry, thus preventing the enemy from taking possession of the road, and capturing a supply train then passing. The balance of the brigade, with other troops, soon arrived, when the enemy were driven from the ground, but halted and formed on Harris' farm, when a general engagement took place, in which the enemy was defeated. In this action Colonel Dushane was wounded from the fall of his horse, which was shot. The casualties of the brigade were 10 men killed, 4 officers and 64 men wounded. On the 20th the brigade skirmishers captured 34 prisoners of war. On the 21st the brigade marched for North Anna River.

THIRD EPOCH.

Battles of North Anna River, from May 21 to May 26, inclusive.

On the 21st the brigade resumed the march, and halted for the night near Guiney's Station. On the 22nd the brigade marched to the vicinity of Chilesburg. On the 23rd moved in direction of Jericho Ford, North Anna River; on this day Colonel Dushane re-

