
ported for duty and took command of the brigade; reached the river at 5.30 p. m., and crossed under heavy artillery fire from the enemy. On the 24th threw out a heavy skirmish line, advanced to Central railroad, tearing up a considerable portion of the track, and captured 3 commissioned officers and 30 men, prisoners of war. The brigade did not participate in a general engagement while south of the river and sustained but few casualties.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Battles of Bethesda Church and Cold Harbor, from May 26 to June 5, inclusive.

On the 26th, recrossed the North Anna, and marched, by a very circuitous route, to Hanovertown, Pamunkey River, at which place we crossed at 11.30 a. m. on the 28th, and took position on the heights beyond. On the 29th we moved off in a southerly direction, marching a distance of 2 miles. On the 30th the Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteers, numbering 471 men, Colonel Samuel A. Graham, commanding, was assigned to the brigade. The division was reorganized, when this brigade was designated as the Second Brigade, after which we moved in direction of Bethesda Church, forming in line on the extreme left of the army, and engaged the enemy, who had succeeded in driving back the troops occupying this point. We advanced and drove him from the ground he had gained, losing 2 men killed and 10 wounded. On the 1st of June the brigade advanced and took position southeast of Bethesda Church, and, under a very heavy fire from the enemy, threw up breast-works. On the 2nd a charge was made upon the enemy's skirmish line, driving him from his first line of pits and taking 10 prisoners of war. On the 3rd another advance was made upon the enemy's skirmish line, which resulted in the capture of 34 prisoners of war. In these several charges we sustained a loss of 10 men killed and 1 officer and 50 men wounded.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 124. Report of Colonel Richard N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTH Regiment MARYLAND VOL. INFTY., Near Petersburg, August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor, in obedience to orders, to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment, in connection with the brigade, during the campaign embraced between the periods of the 4th of May and the 30th of June, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment, with the brigade, under command of Colonel Andrew W. Denison, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, left winter quarters near Culpeper Court-House, Va., at 2 a. m. on the 4th of May; crossed

For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

