
Germanna Ford about noon same day, and bivouacked in the Wilderness the same night. On the 5th took up line of march at 6 a. m.; engaged the enemy same afternoon.

Report of the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 1864.-The regiment, with the brigade, commanded by Colonel Denison, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, advanced at 1 p. m. in the woods of the Wilderness about 1 mile; fighting heavy in front. 2 p. m. officers returning brought news that the enemy were forcing our troops back; that they were flanking. Received orders to protect the right flank, the regiment being on the right of the brigade. This movement was hardly completed when the troops in the front line fell back in confusion, passing through to the rear, the enemy quickly following. Fire was promptly opened, and was immediately returned in front and left flank. Became engaged very briskly; discovered the enemy in considerable force on the right flank, from which a fire had been opened, and continuing the extend to the right rear as if to flank, and not being able to see tha connection with the brigade, gave the order to retire slowly and fighting. This was executed in good order for the distance of 20 yards, when halted again and recommenced the fire. The enemy now appeared in large force in front and on the right flank. Seeing the brigade falling back, fell back 30 yards farther; reported to Colonel Denison the result of the attack on my front; withdrew my regiment in good order from the woods, and at night went in breast-works in edge of woods. Aggregate strength engaged, 294. Killed: Officers, 1; enlisted men, 4. Wounded: Enlisted men, 8. Missing: Officers, 1; enlisted men, 4.

May 6.-Marched at 4 p. m. up plank road as a portion of the re-enforcements to the Second Corps. Musketry terribly heavy. During the night threw up line of works.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 7.-6 p. m., took up line of march with the army toward Spotsylvania, our division (General Robinson's) in the advance.

May 8.-Shortly after daybreak passed through the Cavalry Corps and engaged the enemy.

Report of the battle of Laurel Hill, May 8, 1864.-The regiment,

with the brigade, commanded by Colonel Denison, while proceeding along the plank road, was directed to file to the right to the woods. Went into line on the right of the Thirty-ninth Massachusetts (Colonel Davis) and the Ninetieth Pennsylvania (Colonel Lyle); advanced about 1 mile; halted, and under the direction of Colonel Lyle strengthened the skirmish line; advanced, the enemy's dismounted cavalry, with two guns, retiring. Continued advancing to the left and front 2 miles; halted, and under the personal direction of General Robinson formed column of battalions as follows: Ninetieth Pennsylvania, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts, Fourth Maryland. A heavy fire was opened at this point by the enemy from breast-works 400 yards distant. Advanced on a charge, receiving a very heavy fire from a line of battle of infantry and artillery in works on our front and left flank; advanced to within about 30 yards of the enemy's works, when under the concentrated fire the division gave way and fell back. The charge by the division was not again renewed. Aggregate strength in battle, 277. Killed: Men, 2. Wounded: Officers, 3; men, 2. Missing: Officers, 1; men, 5.

