
May 8.-6 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett assumed command of the regiment, I commanding the brigade. Marched to the left; threw up works. From this date to the 13th remained around Spotsylvania, continually under fire, building works in reserve, skirmishing and re-enforcing, losing some men.

May 13.-10 p. m. marched with the corps to near Spotsylvania Court-House via Fredericksburg road, distance about 8 miles; went in bivouac until morning of the 18th at daylight; went on picket-line at the Myers house. Relieved at 6 p. m. by the Sixth Corps; returned to bivouac; remained till afternoon of 19th, when the regiment, under command of Major H. Adreon (Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett being at hospital sick), became engaged with the enemy.

Report of the battle of Harris' Farm, May 19, 1864.-The regiment, with the brigade, commanded by Colonel Richard N. Bowerman, Fourth Regiment Maryland Volunteers, in bivouac in rear of General Warren's headquarters. At 4 p. m. firing was heard on the right flank of the army near our position-the Po River. Received orders to be ready to move at once, firing increasing. At 4.30 p. m. moved off at a double-quick in the direction of the firing, formed line of battle, this regiment on the right, and advanced. Reached the battle-field in about fifteen minutes, and immediately went into action. Position in the front, connected with the First Maryland Veteran Volunteers on the right. Became very briskly engaged at once. The battle continued until darkness set in, we holding our line intact. Being relieved shortly after dark from this position, went about midnight to the left, and formed part of the line of battle. Lay on our arms all night, till the morning discovered to us that during the night the enemy had withdrawn. Aggregate strength in battle, 229. Killed: Men, 4. Wounded: Men, 12. Missing: Men, 1. Prisoners captured, men, 14.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 20.-Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett in command; threw up breast-works near Harris' farm.

May 21.-Marched with the corps to the left. Brought up rear of the wagon train. At night picketed road leading to army headquarters.

May 22.-Wagon guard.

May 23.-Colonel Dushane assumed command of the brigade. At 4 p. m. crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Ford on pontoon bridge, under a heavy artillery fie. Action going on, but did not become engaged. Went into line. Remained under arms all night.

May 24.-8 a. m. advanced the line to the right flank; sent out Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett with detail to scout the woods, he sending in 34 prisoners.

May 25.-6 a. m. moved with the corps to the left; passed the Sixth Corps line in front; formed line of battle; advanced to woods; threw up line of works.

May 26.-With the army recrossed the North Anna River at Quarles' Ford, 10 p. m.; marched to vicinity of Mangohick Church.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-At noon crossed the Pamunkey at Taylor's Ford.

May 29.-In line of battle near Hanovertown.

May 30.-About 4 p. m. action going on, advanced in line of battle toward Bethesda Church, getting under fire of skirmishers and artillery; regiment detailed for skirmish line.

