
May 31.-7 a. m. advanced skirmish line 1 mile; relieved at 1 p. m. by Purnell Legion.

June 1.-Regiment went on skirmish line, Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett commanding skirmishers. Ordered to prolong the left of the army, joining on the right with the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, and if possible to effect a junction with pickets of Sixth and Eighteenth Corps, then advancing from direction of White House. In attempting this a portion of the line, Companies F and H, while advancing toward the Mechanicsville road, suddenly encountered a rebel battery, getting so close as to be hailed by the enemy. We were here joined by the First and Eighth Maryland Regiments.

June 2.-Built breast-works at position gained yesterday. Remained here till 5th, 8 p. m., when marched with corps to near Allen's Mill, Cold Harbor. Went into camp until 11th, 6 a. m., when took up line of march with portion of corps in a southeasterly course, crossing the York River Railroad near Summit Station. Camped at noon.*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD N. BOWERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Maryland Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant JOSIAH BANKERD, A. A. A. G.

Numbers 125. Report of Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations May 18.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, May 18, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Warren desired me to forward this dispatch, just received, 10.50 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. S. MARVIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, May 18, 1864-10.40 p. m.

CAPTAIN: The enemy made a charge upon the Bucktails, who were holding the crest of a ridge in advance of my picket-line on the right, at 9 o'clock to-night, and forced them back. Part of the Eighty-third New York, who had relieved the picket-line, fell back also. Colonel Coulter, to whose brigade they belonged, went to the front to establish the line, when he was wounded, the ball striking a rib in the region of the left breast and going round under the skin. The picket-line has been re-enforced and re-established. The enemy are intrenching the crest of the ridge from which they drove the picket. As I reported to the general the value of this ridge was that it gave the Rifles control of a battery of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

