
Numbers 126. Report of Captain Joseph B. Pattee, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, Chief of Pioneers, of operations May 21-22.
HDQRS. PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOLUNTEER CORPS, May 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnaissance made on the night of the 21st May, 1864:

In compliance with orders from your headquarters, I proceeded with detail of 125 men on the Mud Tavern road, with instructions to take and hold the Gatewood house and the road running to the burnt bridge, and to push the enemy as far toward the Mud Tavern as possible. I started at 11 p. m., with skirmishers in front, the wings of the line thrown back, covering my flanks. Encountered the enemy's vedettes at the Gatewood house and in the field opposite, near the burnt bridge road; drove him one-half mile, when we came to a strong barricade in the road, where the enemy made considerable resistance. Here I threw out a line of pickets across the road, with each flank resting at a house, pushed the enemy nearly one-half mile farther, but finding him in considerable force adn attempting to turn my left, I withdrew my line to a strong position, holding the Gatewood house and the burnt bridge road. Sent party down this road to the river, distant little more than a mile, and found no enemy. The enemy attacked our line during the night, but retired. I held this position until relieved early in the morning by Colonel Bates' brigade, of your division.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,J. B. PATTEE,

Captain, Chief of Pioneers, Third Division, Fifth Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. McCOY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 127. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Michael Wiedrich, Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Independent Brigade (late First Brigade, Artillery Reserve).

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK ARTILLERY, August 9, 1864.

I.

Crossing of the Rapidan and the battle of the Wilderness.

The regiment, after leaving Brandy Station, Va., on the 3rd day of May, crossed the Rapidan by Ely's Ford in the afternoon of the 4th, forming with the Sixth Regiment New York Artillery one brigade, commanded by Colonel J. H. Kitching. This brigade was ordered to protect the Reserve Artillery of the Army of the Potomac. Colonel L. Schirmer commanded the regiment, which left Brandy Station with 49 officers, 1,525 men present for duty (12 officers, 484 men being absent), making an aggregate of 2,070, certainly one of

