
the strongest regiments that ever took the field. On the 5th of May the regiment marched over Chancellorsville toward the Wilderness, and in the evening received orders to prepare to be employed as infantry in the battle of the Wilderness, which had commenced that day. On the 6th, about 2 a. m., the regiment marched forward, and at 5.30 a. m. had a short rest before being ordered to take position in a wood on the left of the Second Corps. The brigade advanced, but before a line of battle could be completed, which was difficult on account of the thick undergrowth, the enemy made an attack upon the right of the regiment, formed by the Second and Third Battalions. Although the men had to deploy under a lively fire they repulsed the first attack, and followed the retiring enemy up to a clearing about 200 yards in front. In the mean time, however, the main force of the enemy having been brought forward, they were obliged to fall back, which they did in good order, taking position behind the wood. Immediately after this the brigade was formed again in line of battle, the Fifteenth New York Artillery on the right, with the intention to retake the first position, but an order from higher authority did not allow this to be carried out, and the regiment was ordered to take a position in rifle-pits. After this the regiment did not take any active part in the fight. It was relieved by troops from the Fifth Corps, and had to build a second line of breast-works at a short distance behind the first, where it had rest till the afternoon of the 7th.

The loss of the regiment in the foregoing engagement was 1 officer and 7 men killed, and 1 officer and 35 men wounded, the largest part of this loss falling upon the Third Battalion, which had to sustain the most of the enemy's attack.

I may be allowed to state here that the regiment was not armed according to the duties it had to perform, carrying old Remington rifles with sword bayonets; and also that it never had been sufficiently drilled as infantry, this having been considered but a secondary part of its duty during its stay in fortifications around Washington, D. C.

II.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

About 3 p. m. on the 7th May the regiment started in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, our brigade being train guard. We marched until 4 a. m. and went into camp near Pioneer Church. At this place we rested until, on the 9th at 7 a. m., we were ordered to advance about 5 miles toward Spotsylvania Court-House and take position behind breast-works. From here the Second Battalion, commanded by Major Julius Dieckmann, and consisting of Companies E, F, G, and H, was detailed, Company E to take charge of a 24-pounder mortar battery, Companies F, G, and H as guard for the reserve ammunition train, Army of the Potomac. Company B, from the First Battalion, had already been detailed as provost guard at Brandy Station, consequently the regiment numbered only seven companies.

On the evening of the 10th of May, about 8.30 p. m., the regiment started again, and in the morning of the 11th crossed the Po River before taking a position in rifle-pits on the right. In the afternoon of the 12th the regiment was relieved; marched during the night, crossed

