
on the 13th, early, the Ta River, and went into camp near Snell's Bridge, where it rested until the 18th of May, which day the brigade was ordered to take a position on the extreme left, but returned about 3 p. m. to the camp near the Ta River, leaving out on the left a picket-line of about 100 men, under command of Lieutenant Schimmel, who did not return to the regiment until the evening of the next day, not having been relieved. On the 19th the regiment was ordered to march to the right wing, when, about 4 p. m., the enemy made an attack upon the Fredericksburg road. The brigade took position in a wood, and although unprotected by any kind of works, and without the assistance of artillery, several attacks made with all the energy of desperation were repulsed. The purpose of the enemy was to outflank our right wing and to get possession of our trains, but the resistance proved too much for him, and after several efforts he retired, followed closely by our skirmishers. The regiment occupied this position during the night, and the following day constructing breastworks, in case the attack should be renewed. The loss of the regiment in this engagement amounted to 17 men killed, 1 officer and 75 men wounded, and 1 officer and 4 men taken prisoners on a scouting party.

III.

The march to the North Anna and the operations on that river.

On the 21st of May, at 10 a. m., the regiment started for Guiney's Station, proceeded to New Bethel Church; from there at 3 p. m. on the 23rd it advanced to Mount Carmel Church, and about 4 p. m. crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Mills and took position to cover the bridge, very sharp fighting going on all the time in our front, but the regiment having no charge to take part in it. The 24th and 25th May the regiment occupied a position about 1 mile in front of the pontoon bridge.

IV.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

On the 26th May, at 6 p. m., the regiment was ordered back to Mount Carmel Church. At 9 a. m. on the 27th the march toward the Pamunkey commenced. After passing Saint Paul's Church and crossing several little creeks we halted about midnight for a short rest. Started again early in the morning and marched very fast until, on the 28th in the afternoon, about 5 o'clock, we crossed the Pamunkey River near Hanovertown, and went into camp after marching a few more mile on the south side of the river. On the 29th the regiment advanced but a few miles, the Second and Fifth Corps operating in the front, and took position behind breast-works near Bethesda Church. On the 30th of May we advanced in line of battle. The First Battalion was ordered to take an advanced position on the right, the Third Battalion on the left of an open field. Both advanced under a heavy fire, and after half an hour were obliged to retire upon our line of rifle-pits, the enemy making a general attack and trying to break the communication with their supports. Being exposed to a

39 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

