
fire both from front and flank, the loss of these two battalions was heavy, amounting to 5 men killed, and 2 officers and 57 men wounded.

The regiment kept its position during the night. The next morning, 31st, it advanced about 1 mile and occupied rifle-pits until, in the evening about 7 o'clock, it was ordered to advance again a short distance and take position in very strong breast-works near Walnut Creek, on the left of the Yorktown and Richmond road. The brigade held this position when, on the evening of the 2nd of June, the enemy made an attack upon our right. Following the Ninth Corps, ordered to march to the left wing. The fight took place nearly it our rear, and we had very good luck not to suffer losses from shells exploding in and near our works. On the evening of the 5th of June the regiment was ordered to evacuate this position, and we marched toward Cold Harbor, leaving our pickets in their position. About this time Lieutenant Colonel M. Wiedrich assumed command of the regiment, Colonel L. Schirmer having been taken sick.*

M. WIEDRICH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment New York Arty.

Numbers 128. Report of Brigadier General Lysander, Cutler U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, August 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the campaign commencing May 4, and ending July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 3rd of May last, at 12 p. m., this division broke camp at Culpeper and moved toward Germanna Ford on the Rapidan. The division the consisted of three brigades, commanded by Brigadier General L. Cutler, Brigadier General J. C. Rice, and Colonel Roy Stone, and having an aggregate present for duty of 8,153 men. During the 4th the march was continued across the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, encamping for the night at Old Wilderness Tavern. Early on the morning of the 5th the march was continued, this division following that of General Crawford on the road to Parker's Store. The enemy soon made his appearance in front of Crawford. This division was formed in line of battle on the right of Crawford, and ordered to push forward and find the enemy and attack him. The line was formed and moved forward at 12 m. Cutler on the right, Stone in the center, and Rice on the left, next Crawford. The enemy was soon found and attacked. He was driven nearly a mile by Cutler's brigade, capturing 289 prisoners and three battle-flags. Rice lost nearly all of his skirmish line as prisoners, and a large number of men and officers killed and wounded. Stone's brigade gave way soon after meeting the enemy, thus letting the enemy through our line. The First Brigade (Cutler's) continued

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

