
to drive the enemy until it was ascertained that the troops on both flanks had left, and that the enemy was closing in his rear, when he was obliged to fight his way back, losing very heavily in killed and wounded. The command was immediately reformed and ordered to the support of the Second Corps, then engaged with the enemy on the plank road. The enemy's skirmishers were soon found and driven to within half a mile of the plank road. Night coming on, operations ceased and the division remained in line for the night. At 4.30 a. m. on the 6th we moved forward, attacked the enemy, and drove him across the plank road, where a junction was made with the Second Corps. The division was then formed in four lines, the left resting on the plank road. These lines were, by order of General Wadsworth, closed in mass to avoid the artillery fire of the enemy. While in this position it was furiously attacked by infantry and artillery, driven back, and badly scattered, a large portion of them taking the route over which they had marched the night before. This portion of the command was rallied and got together by me near the Old Wilderness Tavern. That portion which retired on the plank road was rallied by Generals Wadsworth and Rice, and again went forward with other troops and was again repulsed, General Wadsworth being killed in the assault. This ended the operations of the 6th, as far as this division was concerned, except a charge, led by Colonel Hofmann, by which the enemy was driven from a line of our works which they had captured. I found Stone's brigade almost entirely without officers, Colonel Stone having left, sick; some had been captured and several killed and wounded. I placed it under the command of Colonel E. S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, who retained command until the brigade was detached from the division June 5, doing good service.

SECOND EPOCH.

The command left the Wilderness for Spotsylvania on the 7th at 8 p. m. by way of the Brock road and Todd's Tavern. On arriving at Laurel Hill the enemy was met in force. Before they arrival of this division the Second Division, under General Robinson, had been repulsed. I immediately formed and advanced on the right of the First Division, General Griffin advanced to the crest fo a hill in front; my right, being uncovered and unsupported, was attacked in flank from the woods, and was obliged to retire a short distance. During the afternoon General Crawford's division formed on my right, and we immediately intrenched. I remained in this position until the afternoon of the 9th, when we were ordered to assault the enemy's lines, which I attempted, but failed to carry them, suffering severely. On the 10th we were again ordered to assault in conjunction with the Second Corps, which was on the right. Being governed in my movements by the troops on my right, I advanced until the troops on my right were repulsed, when, by the orders of the major-general commanding the corps, I retired to the trenches. My loss was quite heavy. Among others Brigadier-General Rice, commanding Second Brigade, was killed.

On the 12th we were under arms at daylight, and again assaulted the enemy's works without success. After being under fire four hours, I was ordered to report with my command to Major-General Wright. Colonel Lyle, with his brigade (which was serving temporarily with me), was ordered to hold the works on the right of the Sixth

