
Corps. My Third Brigade, Colonel Bragg, was sent to hold the works captured that morning from the enemy, and my First and Second Brigades were sent to the assistance of the Sixth Corps, who were endeavoring to carry the enemy's works in front of the Sixth Corps, where they remained under fire until 2 a. m. of the 13th, having been constantly under fire for twenty-two hours, when they were relieved and moved back to the right, going into position again in the trenches, the line having been held during my absence by a skirmish line. At 7 p. m. I received orders to move at 8.30 to the left of the army, following the First Division, General Griffin, and at daylight to charge the enemy's works in front of Spotsylvania Court-House. The men had become so completely exhausted by two days' continual marching and fighting that it would have been utterly impossible to charge the enemy, even if they had not (as was the case) been found in strong force and strongly intrenched. I went into position on the right of Griffin, my left resting on the Fredericksburg pike, my right on the Ny River, and intrenched, remaining in this position until the 21st. It should be stated that on the wounding of General Robinson, one of the brigades (that commanded by Colonel Lyle) was temporarily assigned to me on the 9th, and served with me through this epoch. During the epoch much hard fighting was done and serious loss sustained by the division.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 10.50 on the 21st of May I was ordered to retire my lines and move to the left. After strengthening my picket-line, I withdrew them successfully and moved off toward Guiney's Station. My pickets, however, were attacked while retiring and about 40 men captured. I marched to Guiney's Station and from there crossed the Mattapony and encamped, sending the First Brigade forward about 3 miles on the road, toward the North Anna, moving forward on the morning of the 22nd, and encamping at Harris' Store for the night. At 5 a. m. the march was resumed, and the North Anna was crossed at Jericho Ford at about 4 p. m. At 6 o'clock I was ordered to go into position on the right of Griffin, who had formed about three-fourths of a mile to the front of the ford, and to extend my right toward the river. I immediately put my First Brigade in motion to connect with Griffin, and the Third Brigade (Colonel Bragg) was moved up to join on the right of the First; Colonel Hofmann, commanding Second Brigade, was ordered up to support them, and Colonel Lyle was held in reserve. White riding to the front with Captain Mink to examine a position for his battery, and before the First Brigade had got into position, they were furiously attacked by the enemy, who made his appearance on Griffin's right. Captain Mink placed his battery in position on a slight eminence a little in the rear. My First and Third Brigades being repulsed, immediately rallied on the crest with Mink's battery and another battery which had been sent up by Major-General Warren. Colonel Hofmann immediately moved up to support of the line. Colonel Lyle, from some misapprehension, moved up to the rear of Griffin's, and I lost sight of him. Colonel Bates at this time reported to me with his brigade. I sent two of his regiments to the support of my right, which was hard pressed. The enemy were not only checked, but repulsed with the loss of many killed and wounded and a large number of prison-

