
ers. After the affair was over my line was reformed and intrenched. during the 25th no fighting occurred on my front. At daylight on the 25th I was ordered to proceed down the river and form a junction with Crawford, who had moved down to cover the crossing of the Ninth Corps. On reaching the right of Crawford, I was ordered to form on in extension of his line, running from the river in the direction of the railroad to connect with Griffin, who had already gone down the railroad, and to push my skirmishers and find the enemy. The enemy were soon found intrenched. That being accomplished, I was ordered to remain quiet for the day. I lost heavily on my skirmish line during that day, and the next night the troops were withdrawn to the north side of the North Anna River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The troops took up the line of march for Hanovertown, on the Pamunkey, early the 27th.

Crossing the river at 11.30 a. m. on the 28th my division went into position on the left of Griffin, with Crawford on my left. Early on the 29th I moved forward to Haw's Shop, with orders to form with my right at Haw's Shop, and connecting with Crawford on the left. I occupied this position until the morning of the 30th, when I was ordered to move forward to be in a position to support General Griffin, who was on a reconnaissance on the Mechanicsville road. I immediately moved forward, following General Crawford. At about 6 o'clock Crawford's left was attacked and driven in, but immediately reformed and repulsed the enemy. I formed one of my brigades (the Third) and three regiments from the First Brigade in line between Griffin and Crawford, holding the balance of my command as a support for Crawford. None of my command, however, were engaged.

Early on the 31st I was ordered to push forward my skirmishers to find the enemy's position. The enemy was found about three-fourths of a mile beyond Bethesda Church. I there received orders not to push my pickets until a connection was made on my right and left. This being done, I moved forward and formed in rear of the skirmish line and to the front of Bethesda Church, General Lockwood, commanding Second Division, forming on my left, and General Griffin, of the First Division, on my right, and intrenched. On the afternoon of the 1st of June at attack was made on General Griffin. Being hard pressed, he sent to me for two brigades. Having but one out of the trenches, viz, my Second Brigade, Colonel Hofmann, this I at once sent to his assistance. I received orders to swing my right forward to the edge of the wood and intrench. I moved forward all the force I had in hand, and on receiving back the troops I had sent to Griffin they were so formed as to refuse the right of my line to connect with General Griffin's left. I remained substantially in this position until the 5th, and although my line was not engaged with the enemy, they were constantly under a very galling fire from the enemy's batteries, and my skirmish line being in close proximity to the enemy's works, I suffered severely from their sharpshooters. During the time we were in this position a brisk skirmish was had by a portion of General Griffin's command, and in the melee an opening was made on my right, through which a small body of the enemy entered, but were repulsed by the Fourth Delaware, with a loss to the enemy of several killed, wounded, and

