
prisoners. On the evening of the 5th the command retired from the position and moved to the vicinity of Cold Harbor. While on the march an order was placed in my hands organizing the corps and transferring my Third Brigade to General Griffin, leaving me but a meager command. Resting until the 7th I moved in obedience to orders to the railroad bridge across the Chickahominy, took possession of the bridge, and picketed the river from near Bottom's Bridge to connect with General Griffin near Sumner's (lower) Bridge. We remained in this position until the 12th, when we moved to Long Bridge, and crossed early on the morning of the 13th. This closes what is called the fourth epoch. During this time one regiment (the Fourteenth Brooklyn) left, their term of service having expired. Colonel Lyle returned to the Second Division, which was partially reorganized, and one of my original brigades, the Third, was transferred to General Griffin.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 129. Report of Captain Frank H. Cowdrey, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations of Fourth Division, May 5-6.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH CORPS, November 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of General Wadsworth's division in the engagements of May 5 and 6 last:

The division moved from its bivouac at Wilderness Tavern at 4 a. m. on the morning of May 5, taking the road to Parker's Store, Rice's brigade leading, Colonel Stone's next, and Cutler's in rear. The division was accompanied by two batteries. General Crawford's division was about a mile in advance, on the same road. Flankers were thrown out on the right, and as we advanced a few were put on the left. We could hear Crawford skirmishing ahead of us, and occasionally a shot from our own flankers. About 8 o'clock General Warren rode up and said to General Wadsworth "he wanted to find out what was in there," and ordered him to advance into the woods on his right. At this time the leading brigade (Rice's) had massed in an open field about a mile beyond the Lacy house, and also the batteries. The line was formed in the woods beyond the field in the same order that they marched, the batteries covering the road toward Parker's Store, and also our rear. We advanced with great difficulty through the tangled underbrush for about half a mile, when we became heavily engaged with the enemy, the firing commencing on the right. The action continued for an hour or so, when, the enemy having turned both flanks and throwing several regiments into confusion, we were compelled to retire, having suf-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

