
fered considerable loss, principally in prisoners. At this time General Wadsworth sent me to General Warren to inform him of the disaster, and I could not again join him until he had begun to reform the division on the crest of the hill in front of the Lacy house. Here we remained until about 4 p. m., when the general was ordered to take his division and Baxter's brigade, of Robinson's division, into the woods on the left to take the enemy in flank, where they had been engaged for some time by Hancock, as we could judge by the musketry, which was very heavy. Baxter's brigade took the advance, Stone coming into line on his left Cutler's brigade forming the second line, and Rice in reserve. We drove the enemy's skirmishers nearly to the plank road, when night ended the conflict. In the affair Colonel Stone was disabled by his horse falling on him (as I am told) and did not again appear upon the field; his brigade broke in a disgraceful manner on seeing the fire of Baxter's skirmishers in front of them. They were stopped, however, by the exertions of their own officers, and Cutler's bayonets behind them. During the night Cutler's brigade took their place on the front line. Rice also went into line on the right of Baxter with his right refused. I think each brigade was in two lines. At this time the general direction of the line was parallel to the plank road. At 5 a. m. on the 6th we advance, driving the enemy beyond the plank road. I think that at this time Hancock had also driven them on his front. We continued to advance, at the same time swinging the left forward, until Rice ran up on a battery at canister range, in the attempt to take which he was repulsed, and this threw the greater part of the division into confusion; they were rallied, however, in a short time. By this time General Getty's division (I think of the Sixth Corps) came up and went into line on our side (north) of the plank road; at the same time, some of the Second Corps (Webb's and Owen's brigades, and perhaps others) went in on the other side of the road and formed an echelon to Baxter's brigade, which was there. By this time the enemy had also been re-enforced (by Longstreet, I was told) and made several unsuccessful attacks. The different movements consequent upon these attacks had completely mixed up the troops of the different corps, and General Wadsworth was placed by General Hancock in command of all the troops in the front line. General Birney, I think, had the remainder, who were between Wasdsworth and the intrenchments on the Brock road. About noon the enemy again charged, and General Wadsworth, while rallying his men, was mortally wounded, his body falling into the hands of the enemy. Our people were driven back, most of them going as far as the intrenchments on the Brock road; a great portion of our division, however, retreated in the direction they had advanced the day previous, and upon getting out of the woods halted and proceeded to make coffee. This party was under command of General Cutler, and consisted of most of his own brigade and part of Stone's and Rice's; they were not again engaged that day. The remainder of the division, under General Rice, fell back to the intrenchments on the Brock road, and late in the afternoon were successful in repelling an assault of the enemy, who charged up to their works. They remained here during the night and were not again attacked. Meanwhile, Colonel Coulter's brigade (General Baxter having been wounded early in the day) had reported to General Hancock and was by him sent to General Gibbon, and afterward, having reported to General Warren, was sent

