
connecting on General Griffin's division, of Fifth Corps. About 11 a. m. orders were received to advance and attack the enemy (if found) at once. Moving rapidly forward through a dense thicket for nearly a mile, we came suddenly upon the enemy in strong force and because hotly engaged. The line on our right did not come up to our support. We charged the rebel line, capturing the colors of the Fiftieth Virginia (rebel) Regiment and nearly 200 prisoners, but being flanked on the right were forced to retire from the field. In evening same day we were ordered, with the division, to the left to the support of the Second Corps, but were not engaged until morning of 6th instant, when we advanced about half a mile. The rebels charging in front and on right flank caused us to slowly retire, losing the ground gained this day. We were then withdrawn from the field and held in reserve till evening of 7th instant, when orders were received to march, and we moved to the left. Loss in this battle, 1 officer, 15 men killed; 3 officers, 89 men wounded; 4 officers and 50 men missing, including Colonel Ira G. Grover, commanding, who was missing on first day's engagement.

SECOND EPOCH.

Marched all night of 7th instant, and attacked the enemy near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., about 8 a. m., the brigade being on the extreme right of the Fifth Corps. The enemy attacking in strong force on our front and right flank caused us to swing back rapidly, but in good order, to a commanding position, where we threw up rifle-pits, which we held till morning of 10th instant, when a charge on the rebel works was ordered, and we moved forward, but were repulsed. Same day another charge was ordered, meeting with another repulse, when we fell back to our works, where we lay until evening of the 12th instant; were ordered to the left with the division, and an assault on the enemy's works was made, when, gaining a position within 30 yards of the rebel works, where we kept up a continuous fire of five hours' duration, silencing the enemy, when the regiment and brigade were relieved and moved to the rear. We expended 140 rounds of ammunition per man in this assault. We again moved to the left the 13th instant, and went into position in close proximity to the rebels, and held the works with only skirmishing till 21st instant, when we moved to the left, past Guiney's Station, and camped over night, moving with the brigade at 3 a. m. toward North Anna, some 3 miles, where rifle-pits were thrown up. The division coming up, we moved on and encamped near

------

Church. Our loss this epoch, 1 officer, 7 men killed; 3 officers, 39 men wounded; 1 man missing.

THIRD EPOCH.

Crossed North Anna River at Jericho Ford on evening of 23rd May, taking position on extreme right of the brigade. While forming in line, but before the troops on the right got into position, we were attacked by the enemy in overwhelming numbers and forced to retire some 200 yards, when took position near

------

battery with the division, repulsing the enemy with great slaughter. The 25th May marched to the left 2 miles, when the regiment was detailed by General Cutler, commanding the division, to drive rebel skirmishers from a dense piece of woods in our front. Had a very severe skir-

