
mish, driving the enemy within their works, which position we held until the division threw up works, when we were relieved. Loss in this skirmish, 1 officer, 6 men killed; 1 officer and 14 men severely wounded. During the night of the 26th May recrossed North Anna and took up line of march toward Hanovertown, Va. Loss third epoch, 1 officer, 7 men killed; 1 officer, 24 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Crossed Pamunkey River near Hanovertown, Va., May 28; threw up works, but were not engaged till the 30th May, when we had a skirmish near Bethesda Church. We lay in this vicinity till June 6, under the enemy's fire, and skirmishing every day.

The night of the 6th withdrew and moved to rear of army, where we lay one day, moving on the morning of 7th down the Chickahominy near Bottom's Bridge, where we remained on picket until 12th instant.

Loss fourth epoch, 3 men killed, 1 officer and 18 men wounded, and 3 men missing.*

M. C. WELSH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 132. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Rufus R. Dawes, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations May 7-25.

HDQRS. SIXTH WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, Before Petersburg, August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with special orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following reports of the part taken by my command in the several operations of the campaign from Spotsylvania Court-House to the assault upon the enemy's works before Petersburg, July 30.

On the 7th of May, 1864, by the assignment of Colonel Bragg to command of the Third Brigade of this division, I succeeded to command of this regiment, then in presence of the enemy near the Wilderness Tavern. About 8 p. m. of that day the movement of the corps toward Spotsylvania commenced. Taxed by the exertion of two days' battle, the march, continued throughout the entire night, was very trying upon the strength and energies of the men. It gives me great satisfaction to say that when, on the morning of the 8th, the brigade was placed in order of attack, the ranks of my regiment were full. About 10 a. m. of the 8th the brigade moved forward to assault the enemy in position at Laurel Hill, near Spotsylvania Court-House. This regiment was assigned to position in the second line, but as the lines moved forward, in obedience to instructions from Colonel W. W. Robinson, commanding brigade, I placed my regiment on the right of the front line. When I reached this position the brigade halted, and, in compliance with orders, I advanced my regiment a few rods with the right retired, in order

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

