
to protect our right flank. The officer in command of the skirmishers immediately reported to me that the enemy had driven in his line and was advancing in two lines of battle. I threw out a few skirmishers to guard the right and notify me of any movement in that direction, and ordered the regiment to kneel and fire by file upon the enemy as soon as they appeared through the woods and tangled brush. A brisk fire was immediately opened, which checked any farther advance of the enemy, who laid down in a ravine in my front and replied by scattering shots to our fire. My skirmishers on the right were driven in, and reported the enemy moving without opposition around our right. The line on my left retreated in confusion before the pressure in their front. I endeavored to preserve the integrity of my command by retiring slowly through the woods, but outflanked both ways and pressed by the enemy from all sides, the line broke in disorder. By great exertion on part of many officers of the brigade, a line was reformed about 40 rods in rear, when, for about an hour, there was heavy skirmishing with the enemy. Upon this line the brigade was subsequently reorganized and intrenched. The loss of my regiment in this affair I have no means now of accurately stating. Lieutenant Howard F. Pruyn, disdaining to run when the line broke, was instantly killed while moving leisurely to the rear and striving to rally his men. This officer was promoted from the ranks for conspicuous good conduct upon the battle-field, and participating in every engagement in which his regiment has taken part, he uniformly distinguished himself for efficiency and devoted bravery.

Corpl. John P. Hart, of Company E, a brave and faithful soldier, and a young man of more than ordinary promise, was also killed.

I deem the strenuous efforts of Captain William N. Remington to rally the men upon this occasion worthy of special and honorable mention. During the remainder of this day and the 9th the position of the regiment was unchanged from the front intrenched by it. There was continual skirmishing, taken part in by details from the regiment. On the evening of the 9th an effort was made to drive back the enemy's skirmishers, when a spirited engagement ensued. The re-enforcement to the skirmish detail was composed entirely of volunteers, about 30 men, whose gallantry is worthy of mention. Lieutenant William Goltermann, Company F, and Sergt. George Fairfield, of Company C, were in charge of the party.

At 12.30 p. m. the 10th brigade moved forward in one line to attack the enemy in his intrenched position, my regiment one from the left. The ground over which we advanced was covered with timber and underbrush. The line on the left approached very near the enemy's works without becoming aware of their proximity, and suddenly and unexpectedly, while tangled in the brush, received a terribly destructive enfilading fire. Temporary confusion ensued, but falling back a few rods to cover of a ravine the men reformed promptly, and I moved my regiment under crest of a hill to a position within 200 yards of the enemy's works. Remained here until directed to move back to our old position at 4 p. m. The loss of the regiment was quite severe. Captain Remington and Lieutenant Timmons were wounded in the assault, and Lieutenant Oscar Graetz was killed as the line was falling back. The conduct of officers and men under the trying circumstances to which they were subjected was worthy of fall commendation. On the evening of the 10th a column of attack was formed, but no assault made on our front. Nothing

