
worthy of particular mention occurred on the 11th. At 8.30 a. m. on the 12th the brigade moved forward to attack the enemy, Colonel Bragg's brigade in support. The brigade moved to a breast-work a few hundred yards from the enemy's works, occupied by troops of General Crawford's division, where it was halted for half an hour, and the men laid down. At the end of that time I received instruction from the brigade commander that the line would move forward over the breast-works and assault at once. Moving guide left, I ordered "Forward, guide left," with holding the command of execution for the line on the left to show sign of moving. After a lapse of ten minutes Lieutenant Hyatt, acting aide on the staff of Colonel Robinson, communicated the following order: "Colonel Bragg directs that the Sixth Wisconsin move forward." I immediately ordered the regiment forward. The men sprang over the breastworks with great alacrity, closely followed by Colonel Bragg's line and a few of General Crawford's men, and continued advancing under a heavy and destructive fire for several rods, when, finding no line on my right or left so far as I could see through the timber, such men as were in front of the works having thrown themselves upon the ground and commenced firing, I ordered my line to halt and open fire until the right and left should move to our support. After a few minutes of rapid firing, suffering meanwhile severe loss, convinced of the futility of striving without support to advance through the abatis of sharpened stakes in our front, while to remain longer was wanton sacrifice of life, I ordered my men back behind the breast-works and at once reported the fact to Colonel Robinson, commanding brigade. The fire from the enemy was unusually fatal, a large proportion of the wounds proving mortal.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of officers and men. They advanced to the assault readily and earnestly, and stood up to their duty with heroic tenacity when it became evident that their efforts could not achieve success. There was no disorganization nor demoralization in falling back, under fire, to the breast-works. Several of my best and truest men were killed. On the afternoon of the 12th the brigade moved 4 miles to the left and went into position in support of troops of the Sixth Corps, fighting to hold the works captured by General Hancock. Here we were subjected to a scattering fire, which inflicted a loss of several men in the regiment. Toward evening moved back 2 miles toward the right, and while the balance of the brigade threw up works I held my regiment in readiness for picket. Orders for picket were shortly countermanded, and in the midst of darkness and a driving rain-storm I proceeded to construct a breast-work, when we were again ordered back to our position in rear of the troops engaged. My regiment was sent forward to relieve the Seventh Wisconsin, firing upon the enemy's works, and in compliance with instructions, I kept up fire during the entire night. The mud was near 6 inches deep, the night dark and stormy, and the hardship of this service to men exhausted by the battle, marching, and work of the day before, can scarcely be appreciated.

On the morning of the 13th I was relieved by troops of the Sixth Corps, but the division had moved. Allowing my men, absolutely prostrated with overexertion, a few hours for rest and sleep, I rejoined the brigade near the old position in front of Laurel Hill. During the night of the 13th the brigade marched 6 miles to the left, and went into position in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, where this regiment took part in no active operations. These oper-

