
ations were most exhaustive to the energies of the men, and perhaps most trying to their morale of anything in the experience of the oldest in service, but the hardships and dangers were undergone with fortitude, and the men were always ready to put forth their best efforts in the most perilous undertaking. The aggregate casualties in my command from the 8th to the 13th of May were 10 killed, 69 wounded, 4 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. DAWES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. D. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SIXTH WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of operations of my command during the time designated as the "third epoch" of the campaign from the Wilderness to before Petersburg.

At 1 p. m. May 21 the brigade was withdrawn from the intrenched position before the enemy at Spotsylvania Court-House. The corps encamped that night near Guiney's Station, and at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 22nd the brigade moved 4 miles in advanced and intrenched a line in front of the Po River near Thornburg. The enemy's column passed down the Telegraph road in our front during the forenoon, making no demonstrations. At 1 p. m. we moved with the corps in pursuit of the retreating rebel army, crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Ford at 5 p. m. of the 23d, and the division was massed on the south bank. About 6 in the evening the enemy's skirmishers appeared on our right, when the brigade moved rapidly forward, my regiment on the left, to form on the right of the First Division of this corps, already in position in the woods in our front. In compliance with direction of Colonel Robinson, commanding brigade, I placed my regiment in position on the right of a breast-work occupied by troops of the First Division, and upon prolongation of their alignment. I experienced much difficulty owing to thick and tangled brush. I immediately threw forward skirmishers to cover my front. In a few moments I heard sharp musketry, and the peculiar cheer of a charging column of the enemy on my right. My skirmishers also commenced firing and falling back. When my front was cleared, I ordered the regiment to kneel and fire right oblique through the bushes in direction of the cheering. Along the whole front of the line on my left a tremendous fire was opened; not returned by the enemy, so far as I could discover. The firing slacking on my right, I directed Adjutant Brooks to ascertain the cause. He reported our line on the right retreating before the enemy, and at the same [time] we received an enfilading fire from that direction. I ordered a partial change of front to the rear on eighth company, which was executed in the brush and under fire with regularity and success. Finding the enemy in rear of my right, I changed front again so as to throw my line at right angles to the front of the First Division. The line on my left now abandoned their breast-works and fell back in great disorder, running through my ranks and breaking the regiment. My men, however, rallied promptly around their color, and reforming, I moved to the right in

