
the open field and formed near Captain Mink's battery, where I continued firing upon the enemy so long as they remained in our front. Here Captain Orr, with a portion of the Nineteenth Indiana, and Captain Shipman, with the battalion of sharpshooters, reported for duty to me, and joining on my right performed gallant service so long as the necessity existed. Being separated from the brigade, I was directed by General Cutler, commanding division, to report to Colonel Hofmann, commanding Second Brigade, with my command. After dark the line was advanced several hundred yards and intrenched, my men working during almost the entire night upon the breast-works.

Throughout this affair the conduct of officers and men, with small exception, was admirable. Lieutenant John Beely was twice wounded. The gallantry of Lieutenant Beely throughout the campaign was conspicuous, but upon this occasion I esteem his conduct in remaining upon the field after being seriously wounded until struck down by a second bullet, which penetrated his lungs, worthy of especial commendation. Corpl. William Hickok, of Company C, was killed. No braver soldier nor more worthy young man has given life in this struggle. On the 25th of May moved down the river 2 miles, and went into position in front of the enemy's works, where heavy skirmishing took place, in which my regiment took no active part. The casualties during these operations were 2 killed, 11 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. DAWES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Wisconsin Veteran Vols.

Captain J. D. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Report of Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., FIFTH CORPS, In Front of Petersburg, August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of the operations of this brigade since the 3rd day of May last.

FIRST EPOCH.

At 1 a. m. on the 4th of May the brigade broke camp at Culpeper and moved on the Rapidan River. The brigade consisted of the Fourteenth Brooklyn, Colonel Fowler; Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Hofmann; Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Cook; Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Colonel Pye, and One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Miller. The Fourteenth Brooklyn was detailed for duty at corps headquarters. The brigade had an aggregate present on that day of a little over 2,000 and was under the command of Brigadier General J. C. Rice. The brigade crossed the Rapidan River over a pontoon bridge laid at Germanna Ford, at 12 m. on the 4th, and bivouacked near the Wilderness Tavern, Orange

