
County, Va. at 5 p. m. At 7 a. m. on the 5th the brigade moved on Parker's Store, distant about 4 miles. After marching 2 miles halted until 12 m., when the brigade was formed in line of battle and moved through a dense wood for the distance of nearly 1 mile, when it was met by a heavy fire of musketry from an unseen enemy. the brigade was halted and returned the fire. The position of the brigade was on the left of the division. The officer in charge of the skirmishers, thrown out to cover the left flank, now reported the enemy to be advancing in a line extending far beyond our left. Almost simultaneously with this report the line on our right fell back in considerable disorder and was followed by this brigade. The underbrush was very dense, and the men found difficulty in making their way through it; the enemy, still unseen, poured in a very destructive fire. At the end of half a mile the officers succeeded in rallying about 350 men on the crest of a slight elevation and intended to hold the ground. At this moment an aide of General Wadsworth arrived with instructions to move some distance to the rear to where the division was reforming. The brigade had suffered very severely in this action in killed, wounded, and prisoners-Colonel Miller, One hundred and forty-seventh, wounded and taken prisoner; Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, Seventy-sixth, wounded; Major Young, Seventy-sixth, taken prisoner; Lieutenant Titman, Fifty-sixth, killed. Three entire companies of Seventy-sixth New York sent out as skirmishers in the early part of the morning were captured; also one entire company and part of the two others of the Ninety-fifth were captured. At 6 p. m. the brigade, under command of General Rice, moved to the support of the Second Corps, then engaged with the enemy on the Orange Court-House and Fredericksburg plank road about 1 mile in advance of the crossing of the Brock road, and about 3 miles distant from where the division had reformed. The route was through a dense wood, in many places impenetrable. It was 9 p. m. when the brigade found itself in position about a quarter of a mile from the plank road and facing it. The men were allowed to lay on their arms until 4 a. m. on the 6th, when General Rice directed the Ninety-fifth and part of One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment to be deployed as skirmishers and move forward. The position now held by the brigade was the extreme right of our lines. It was found impracticable to move the line of skirmishers far forward. The enemy now succeeded in bringing a battery to bear, enfilading us from the right flank. The two right regiments, Fifty-sixth and Seventy-sixth, changed front to the rear on the left company and opened fire upon the skirmishers that had now advanced to the crest of the hill, about 300 yards distant, and drove the skirmishers back. General Rice then directed the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and Seventy-sixth New York to make an effort to capture the battery. These regiments were then moved forward and to the right, screened by a wood, and moved to a point nearly on a line with the battery, with the intention of taking it with the bayonet. The detachment captured the skirmishers thrown out to protect the flanks of the battery, but when the detachment arrived within 100 yards from the edge of the wood the movement was discovered by the enemy. The battery limbered up and was hastily driven to the rear for about 400 yards, where it again opened with spherical case and forced the detachment back.

In this movement Captain Kunkle was severely wounded and Lieutenant Evey killed, both of the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers;

