
also Captain Burn, of the Ninety-fifth, was killed. The enemy at 8 a. m. came forward in strong force and pressed our lines back for nearly half a mile, but in turn was compelled to fall back to his former position. At 11 a. m. the brigade was formed in line of battle at a right angle with the plank road, its left resting on the road. The firing on both sides had ceased for nearly an hour excepting that from some of the enemy's sharpshooters. At 12 m. the enemy again came forward in great force on the left of the plank road. General Wadsworth, the division commander, who was present with the brigade, ordered it to change front forward on the left battalion, forming the line on the right of the plank road and parallel with it. General Wadsworth stated at the time that the object of the movement was to take in flank the enemy as he came forward. The right flank of the brigade was exposed to the fire of the enemy's battery and sharpshooters, posted on the hill beyond our right, and suffered very severely. This, with the impetuosity with which the enemy came forward, broke our lines and the troops were forced back in confusion. The ground over which they moved offered no favorable opportunity for rallying the men for the first half of a mile. A slight elevation now presented itself, and an effort was made to rally the men. It was only partially successful and they retired to as far back as the Brock road and a quarter of a mile north of the plank road. The brigade had again suffered severely in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Among the dangerously wounded was Captain Burritt, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. It was while being immediately in rear of the center of this brigade that General Wadsworth was killed while in the act of cheering the men on. General Rice now directed Colonel Hofmann to reform the brigade and collect the officers and men of the division that were in that vicinity and form the line in rear of the Brock road, the left of the line resting on the plank road. At 4.30 p. m. the brigade consisted of detachments of Fifty-sixth, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Seventy-sixth, Ninety-fifth, and One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers and a company of the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers. Most of the detachments had their regimental colors with them, and formed an aggregate at that hour of 408. At 5.30 p. m. the enemy again came forward on the left of the plank road and succeeded in forcing a portion of our troops back from the line of works that had been erected on the west side of the Brock road by the Second Corps, and planting the rebel colors upon the works. General Hancock, through General Rice, directed Colonel Hofmann to move his brigade to the support of the troops at the works. The brigade was moved out rapidly by the right flank, and when the head of the column arrived at the point of the works where they had been vacated by our troops, the brigade was formed in line of battle at nearly a right angle with the works, the men firing as fast as they came into line. In the course of ten minutes the enemy was driven from the works and back into the woods from whence he had emerged. Several hundred men now sprang over the works and desired to follow up the enemy. Colonel Hofmann felt it his duty to recall them as he was uninformed whether they could be supported or not. He then reported his action to General Hancock, who approved of it. At 8 p. m. the brigade was relieved and ordered into the second line of works, and at 3.30 a. m. on the 7th again

