
The brigade continued this fire from 3 p. m. until 2 a. m. on the 13th, when they were relieved by other troops and moved to the rear. The loss sustained during this firing was small. The troops were sheltered by the parapet of the works of the enemy and by a depression of the ground in front of them. The enemy made many efforts to fire. There is every reason to believe that those who made the effort were generally killed, as the pits on the following day (the enemy having withdrawn before daylight) were filled with dead. Over 30 dead were counted in one pit of about 50 feet in length. This pit contained also some wounded, buried beneath the dead.

At 9 a. m. 13th the brigade again moved to the right a distance of 2 miles, and at 10 p. m. moved to the left over a very muddy road. At daylight it arrived within three-fourths of a mile of Spotsylvania Court-House. It was subsequently moved a quarter of a mile farther forward and threw up breast-works. Occupied this position in front of the enemy until 11 a. m. 22nd, when the brigade moved on toward the North Anna River. The time of service of the Fourteenth, Colonel Fowler, having expired, the regiment was detailed for special duty on the way to Fredericksburg by special order of General Cutler, commanding the division. Colonel Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, now assumed command of the brigade.

THIRD EPOCH.

The brigade bivouacked at 8 p. m. at Catlett's house, near Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad. Moved at 10.30 a. m. on the 23d; bivouacked at Bull's Church. Moved at 5 a. m. on the 24th, and halted at Campbell's Church; repassed the church at 2 p. m., and forded the North Anna River at Jericho Ford. The brigade was formed in line of battle on the heights about half a mile above the ford. The Ninety-fifth, Colonel Pye, was deployed as skirmishers, the line extending from the wood in our front to the river, about half a mile on our right, connecting with the skirmishers of another division on our left. At 6.30 p. m. the enemy attacked our front line of troops then occupying the woods. This brigade was moved to the front and to the right, to near where the skirmish line then was formed. It was then formed in line of battle, facing the woods and about 150 yards in rear of it. The enemy now charged through the woods. The brigade in our front broke and passed around our left flank. This brigade then, under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy, changed front to the rear on the left battalion, and formed a new line at an angle of about 45 degrees from the old line. This was rendered necessary in order to let Captain Mink's battery, which had been brought up and was occupying the ground between our right and the river, to open fire. Another battery was then brought up on the right of Captain Mink's. The enemy made several efforts to charge from the woods, but failed; they kept up a heavy fire from their skirmish line for over an hour, when the firing on both sides ceased. Captain Watkins, of the staff, then moved forward a line of skirmishers very rapidly, and succeeded in capturing over 100 prisoners, who represented that they were of Lane's, Cooke's, and Scales' brigades, of Heth's and Wilcox's divisions. The line was then moved forward, and earth-works thrown up, and the position held until 5 a. m. 25th. In this action the officers and men behaved splendidly. I think to them is due the credit of saving the artillery from being cut off, and, in all probability,

