
saving the army from a terrible disaster. In this action the Fifty-sixth was commanded by Captain Black, who, having been severely wounded, retired. The command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant Baker. The Seventy-sixth was commanded by Captain Byram, and the One hundred and forty-seventh New York by Lieutenant-Colonel Harney. Lieutenant McFall, Fifty-sixth, rendered very efficient service as an aide-de-camp.

On the 25th the brigade moved down the right bank of the river for several miles, then moved to the right into a wood; formed line of battle, and erected breast-works. During the day a very heavy loss was sustained on the skirmish line. Lieutenant Young, Fifty-sixth was killed, and Lieutenant Shaw, Fifty-sixth, severely wounded. At 10 p.m. on the 26th recrossed the North Anna at Ouarles' Mills, and moved on the Pamunkey River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 27th bivouacked at Mangohick. Moved at 7.30 a. m. on the 28th; crossed the Pamunkey over a pontoon bridge laid at Hanovertown; erected works on the heights about 2 miles from the river. At 10 a. m. on the 29th moved to near Totopotomoy Creek, formed line of battle on the plantation formerly the property of Patrick Henry; occupied the ground until next morning. On the 30th the brigade moved at 5.30 a. m., having had the Third Delaware Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Dorrell, numbering 284 men, and the Forty-sixth New York, Colonel Travers, numbering 149 men, assigned to it. The brigade moved to within 1 mile of Bethesda Church, and was sent to the support of a brigade of the Third Division of this corps. This brigade had scarce got into position when the enemy made a heavy attack on our lines, but principally to the right of this brigade. He was driven back with a heavy loss of killed and wounded. The ground was held until 10 a. m., 31st, when the brigade moved half a mile forward. At 7 p. m. it was moved to the right of the corps line to relieve the brigade of General Bartlett. It occupied the works of that brigade, and was engaged with the enemy up to 12 p. m., when it was relieved and moved to the left of the Mechanicsville road, about half a mile in front of Bethesda Church. The instructions were to connect with the First Brigade and extend the line to the road, the right of the brigade to rest on the road. This was found to be a difficult task, owing to the dense thicket through which it was necessary to move the troops. By daylight the line was formed. The One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, numbering 193 men, was assigned and reported for duty at 8 a. m. on June 1. Captain Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general, was assigned and reported for duty. At 5 p. m. June 2 the enemy attacked our right, which was thrown back, and new works thrown up at nearly a right angle with the former line. A portion of the old line of works was occupied by the enemy. In this attack Colonel Pye, Ninety-fifth New York, was mortally wounded. The brigade remained in the new works until 10 p. m. on the 5th, meeting with considerable losses from sharpshooters of the enemy. Captain Goddard, commanding Seventy-sixth New York, was severely wounded. The Forty-sixth New York was transferred to the Ninth Corps. At 10 p. m. on the 5th the brigade moved to Cold Harbor, where it arrived at 4 a. m. on the 6th. The Fourth Delaware, Colonel Grimshaw, numbering 29

