
officers, 425 men, was assigned to the brigade and reported for duty. Remained in bivouac until 8 a. m. on the 7th, then moved on the Chickahominy River; halted when within 1 mile of Sumner's Bridge. I was then directed to move the brigade to, and take possession of, the railroad bridge crossing the Chickahominy. The brigade was moved by a circuitous route through the woods, in order to screen the movement from the enemy, to a point half a mile west of Dispatch Station. The enemy had works three-fourths of a mile beyond the bridge that commanded the railroad for nearly 2 miles. A screen of brush was constructed across the railroad, and two regiments passed in rear of it to the opposite side. A heavy skirmish line was then moved forward upon both sides of the railroad, the enemy driven across the river, and possession taken and held of the east end of the bridge. The line of battle was then formed about a quarter of a mile in rear, and pickets posted on the river bank to the left and to the right, connecting with those of the First Brigade on the right, and extending on the left toward Bottom's Bridge. In driving the enemy back our loss was 5 men wounded. The line of battle was at no time exposed to the view of the enemy. In the afternoon the enemy opened with solid shot and shell of very large caliber aimed, as the newspapers of Richmond the next day reported, at the screen on the railroad, behind which it was presumed that works were being erected. No loss was sustained by this fire. The brigade remained in this position until 10 p. m. on the 12th, then moved to the left, crossed the Chickahominy over a pontoon bridge laid at Long Bridge at 4 a. m. 13th. At 4 p. m. moved to near Wilcox's Landing, on the James River; bivouacked and remained until 10 a. m. on the 16th, then crossed the river in steam-boats, landing about 3 miles above Wind Mill Point; remained until 2 p. m.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 134. Report of Captain James E. Baily, Third Delaware Infantry, of operations May 29-June 7.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS, August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions from your headquarters, as per Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, paragraph 5, I have the honor to submit the following:

FOURTH EPOCH.

The Third Delaware Volunteer Infantry, arriving at the front May 29, 1864, was assigned to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifth Corps, then just across the Pamunkey. May 30, we were moved to

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

