
North Carolina. The armies of the East commenced their battles on the river from which the Army of the Potomac derived its name, and received the final surrender of their old antagonist at Appomattox Court-House, Va. The splendid achievements of each have nationalized our victories, removed all sectional jealousies (of which we have unfortunately experienced too much), and the cause of crimination and recrimination that might have followed had either section failed in its duty. All have a proud record, and all sections can well congratulate themselves and each other for having done their full share in restoring the supremacy of law over every foot of territory belonging to the United States. Let them hope for perpetual peace and harmony with that enemy whose manhood, however mistaken the cause, drew forth such herculean deeds of valor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 2. Dispatches of Charles A. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War.

RAPPAHANNOCK, May 7, 1864-7.15 a.m. (Received 7.50 a.m.)

Just arrived here, all safe. An officer from General Meade was here at 2 o'clock this morning seeking to telegraph to Washington, but was recalled by a second messenger, and both returned to Meade. They report that there was heavy fighting yesterday in the Wilderness beyond Germanna Ford. They state regarding the number of wounded, from 3,000 to 5,000. We drove the rebels 3 miles, but were unable to use artillery with effect, owing to the density of the forest. The battle is believed here to have been indecisive, but as the officer said but little I can gather nothing precise. The first of these officers said he came to get ammunition brought up from Alexandria. There is evidently no difficulty in getting to the front, for which I shall leave as soon as the horses and men have had breakfast. I leave an operator here to forward reports.

C. A. DANA.

Major T. T. ECKERT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

May 8, 1864-10 a.m. (Received 3.40 p.m., 9th.)

Army moved successfully last night from its position during the battle of Old Wilderness, and its advance under Warren now occupies Spotsylvania Court-House. A body of rebel cavalry resisted our movement there, but without any considerable effect. There are no indications that Lee has moved in amy direction, and General Grant is decidedly of opinion that he remains in the old place. If this be so we are much nearer Richmond than he is. Sedgwick's corps has just passed here for Spotsylvania. Burnside is at Chancellorsville,

