
man missing. The regiment joined the Second Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, June 4, 1864, near Cold Harbor, and marched with the same in front. A detail of the regiment while working in front of the breast-works June 7 was surprised by the enemy, and lost 8 men killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[ALPHONS SERVIERE,

Captain, Commanding.]

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 136. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, of August 5, 1864, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the several operations of the campaign, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment left winter quarters near Culpeper Court-House on the night of May 3, and marched via Germanna Ford on the Rapidan to near the Wilderness Tavern, where we arrived at 4 p. m. of May 4, and bivouacked. On the morning of May 5 marched 2 miles and engaged the enemy (it was here that Companies B, F, and K were captured), and from this time to the night of May 13 were engaged in all the battles of the Wilderness.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the night of May 13 marched to near Spotsylvania Court-House and intrenched. While there was continuous firing on the skirmish line, but no distinct engagement.

THIRD EPOCH.

Left Spotsylvania on May 21f and marched to near Guiney's Station and bivouacked. May 22 marched to Saint Margaret's Church and bivouacked. Started on the morning of May 23 and marched to and across the North Anna River at Jericho Ford. Soon after our crossing the enemy attacked and were repulsed. We then put up breast-works and bivouacked. On the morning of May 25 marched about 3 miles down river; halted and intrenched. On the night of May 26 recrossed the North Anna, and marched to Mangohick.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

