
FOURTH EPOCH.

On the morning of May 28 marched to and across the Pamunkey River, formed line of battle, put up works, and bivouacked. May 29, marched 3 miles toward Mechanicsville, halted and bivouacked. May 30, marched to near Bethesda Church, occupied works, and bivouacked. On the morning of May 31 went out as skirmishers and staid till dark, when was relieved and went back to breast-works, and bivouacked. On the morning of June 1 advanced one-half mile, put up breast-works, and staid till evening, then moved 1 mile to the right, staid till midnight, when moved 1 1/2 miles to the left, put up works, and camped in line. June 3, were moved to left and held in reserve. On the morning of June 4 moved into front line of works, and staid there until night of June 5, when marched to Gaines' Hill and bivouacked. June 7, marched to near Bottom's Bridge, went out as skirmishers, and were relieved on June 8, when went to rear and bivouacked, and staid till night of June 12.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. COOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. H. COWDREW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 137. Report of Major Robert W. Bard, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLS., In front of Petersburg, Va., August --, 1864.

I have the honor to you the part taken by this regiment in the several operations of the campaign, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864, called for by Special Orders, Numbers 209, Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 4.-Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford; bivouacked at 3 p. m. for the night.

May 5.-Resumed march at 7 a. m.; engaged the enemy at 12 m. Companies A, E, I deployed as skirmishers; Company E captured entire and part of Companies A and I.

May 6.-Engaged the enemy from 6 a. m. until 3 p. m. and charged their position; at 4 p. m. relieved by Second Division of Second Corps.

May 7.-Rejoined our division near Stevens' house at 5 a. m.; marched from Stevens' house to Todd's Tavern.

May 8.-Charged the enemy's position; fell back on account of ammunition being expended and joined the corps.

May 9.-Detail from every company for skirmishers, and they engaged the enemy all day.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

