
forward some 3 1/2 miles found the enemy, and engaged him on the 30th, with some loss. On the 1st of June were called upon to support a line upon our right, which was done with a small loss. The losses sustained from the recrossing of the North Anna to the 12th of June are as follows: Killed, 1 man; wounded, 20 men; missing, 1 man.*

GEO. HARNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 139. Report of Major John T. Jack, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Report in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 209, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 4.-1 a. m. left Culpeper, Va., and marched until morning and halted; at 8.30 a. m. took up the line of march and marched until 3.30 p. m.

May 5.-Engaged with enemy and we were repulsed. In the afternoon marched on the enemy from another direction, but not engaged.

May 6.-At 5.30 a. m. fight opened. Fifty-sixth, in connection with Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, charged the enemy's battery, and for want of re-enforcements were repulsed. Afternoon Fifty-sixth, in connection with 400 men, representatives of all regiments in the division, took the works abandoned by the Second Corps and which were hotly contested for by the enemy, who lost heavily in attempting to hold them.

May 7.-In line of battle at the cross-roads until evening and then marched to near the Wilderness Tavern. 10 p. m. took up the line of march and marched all night and halted at 8 a. m. on the 8th of May, at which time the Fifty-sixth, in connection with Fourteenth New York State Militia, were advanced in line of battle, supported by the remainder of the division.

May 9.-Occasional firing between the skirmishers during the afternoon.

May 10.-Charged the enemy's works twice and were repulsed both times.

May 11.-Same as on the previous day.

May 12.-Charged the enemy's works again, and were repulsed. Marched about 2 miles to the left, and during the whole night kept up a continual musketry fire upon the enemy's works.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 13.-The regiment, in connection with remainder of the brigade, was relieved at 2.30 a. m. and rested until 7 a. m., and then joined the remainder of the division near Laurel Hill. At 10 p. m. the regiment took up the line of march to the support of Burnside, arriving within 2 miles of Spotsylvania Court-House at 6 a. m. of May 14, and then strengthened the works.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

