
May 15 and 16.-In line of battle.

May 17.-In line of battle; slight change of position, and threw up new works.

May 18.-In line of battle.

May 19.-The enemy attacked and were repulsed.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21.-Marched from near Spotsylvania Court-House to near Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad.

May 22.-Left Guiney's Station and marched until 5 p. m.

May 23.-At 5 a. m. in line and marched to North Anna River. Afternoon forded the river and engaged the enemy.

May 24.-Regiment mostly all on picket, and captured some prisoners. About 10 a. m. the remainder of the regiment, excepting color guard, go on picket on the Gordonsville railroad above Noel's Station. Relieved at 11 p. m.

May 25.-At daybreak the regiment moved to near Hanover. At 9 a. m. regiment deployed as skirmishers and actively engaged the enemy.

May 26.-In line, but not engaged. At 9 p. m. took up the line of march and recrossed the North Anna River at 3 a. m. of the 27th of May, after which marched until 6 p. m.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-At 5.30 a. m. left Mangohick and took up the line of march and marched until 4 p. m., crossing the Pamunkey River.

May 29.-Marched 3 miles and formed in line upon the plantation of Patrick Henry.

May 31.-Changed position to works deserted by the enemy on the Mechanicsville road.

June 1.-5 a. m. commenced building new works.

June 2.-Skirmishing all day. Burnside having been taken from our right, the enemy turned our flank, and the line was obliged to fall back and take up a new line across the Mechanicsville road.

June 3.-Changed position and build new works.

June 4.-In line of battle and skirmishers sharply engaged. The skirmish line advanced about 75 yards, driving the enemy before them, and held the ground, the enemy trying in several attempts to retake it, but failed.

June 5.-Some skirmishing. The enemy tried to regain the ground lost the day previous, but were repulsed.

June 6.-In the rear reorganizing the corps.

June 7.-Moved to the Chickahominy near the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad.

June 8.-3 a. m. regiment went on picket near the Chickahominy.

June 9 and 10.-Position unchanged.

June 11.-In the evening withdrew the pickets and marched all night. Rested at 7 a. m. on June 12.*

JOHN T. JACK,

Major, Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

