
Numbers 140. Report of Captain Thomas E. Carter, One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 1-July 30.
HEADQUARTERS 157TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 209, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report, under the head of the fifth epoch.

The One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers joined the Army of the Potomac on the evening of June 1, 1864, assigned to Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifth Army Corps. Took part in the action of June 2, at Mechanicsville road, with a loss of 1 killed and 6 wounded. June 3 occupied a part of the front line of works and lost on picket 10 men wounded. It took up the line of march on evening of June 5, with the division, arriving at Cold Harbor on the morning of June 6, where the regiment rested for twenty-four hours, after which it marched to Dispatch Station, on the Chickahominy River, where it remained until night of June 12, when it took up the line of march to Charles City Court-House, arriving at the last-named place on the morning of June 14. Rested there until 16th June. We crossed the James River and marched to the front of Petersburg, Va., at which place we arrived June 17; took part in the attack on the enemy's works June 18, 1864, where the regiment lost in killed, 2; wounded, 19, and missing, 1. It remained at this place up to July 30, 1864, but took no active part in the engagement of that date.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. E. CARTER,

Captain, Commanding 157th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 141. Report of Brigadier General Edward S. Bragg, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, August 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the several operations of this division:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 4th of May this brigade moved from its winter encampment to the Old Wilderness Tavern, and participated in the several engagements of May 5 and 6, losing heavily in killed, wounded, and prisoners. On the afternoon of the 6th a portion of the brigade

