
participated in the recapture of rifle-pits on the Gordonsville plank road, which the enemy had compelled troops of the Second Corps to evacuate. In this affair they behaved with gallantry and did themselves great credit.

SECOND EPOCH.

By order of Brigadier-General Cutler, commanding division, I assumed command on the 7th of May, and conducted the brigade during that night from the Old Wilderness Tavern to Todd's Tavern, 4 miles from Spotsylvania Court-House, from whence, after a short rest, we advanced to attack the enemy, who was in position at Laurel Hill contesting our advance. I was ordered by Brigadier-General Cutler to put my command in position on the right of the Spotsylvania road and advance across an open field to the crest of a small hill, then held by the enemy, and from which the Second Division, Brigadier-General Robinson, had been repulsed. Forming in two lines the command moved steadily forward-First Brigade, Colonel Robinson, on its right and the Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Rice, on its left. The enemy were in position in the woods skirting the field in our front and upon the right flank, his skirmishers thrown forward toward the center of the field and lying under cover of a slight elevation of ground. The troops advanced in good order for 250 yards across the field, when the enemy's advance opened a brisk fire, which checked the onward movement, and at this moment the lines upon the right and left partially gave way and a panic ensued, which for a moment threatened a total demoralization of the command. Here my staff-Captain Osborne, Lieutenant Rogers, Lieutenant Dailey, Lieutenant Parsons, Lieutenant Walters, and Lieutenant Dalgliesh-did me signal service, and by their example and presence of mind soon restored the lines we held during the day, checking the enemy.

This line was the advance line of all the intrenchments subsequently made on the operations at this point. During the subsequent operations at this point this brigade made three several assaults upon the enemy's center, held by the Second Corps, each time driving him to his works, from which we were as often repulsed, with severe loss in officers and men.

Major Conyngham, commanding One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Dalgliesh, of my staff, were each severely wounded in these assaults and carried from the field. They were gallant officers, and the loss of their services was a severe blow to the command.

On the afternoon of the 11th of May I reported my command to Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, and relieved Brigadier-General Wheaton's brigade. This duty was a critical one. The line to be relieved and held was not intrenched and under a continuous fire from the enemy's works. The troops were much exhausted by the fatigue of the week previous, yet they cheerfully went into position, and during a dark, stormy night held the enemy at bay and repulsed his assaults on the line. The One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Lieutenant-Colonel Irvin commanding, and One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Hughes commanding, there distinguished themselves for endurance and cool conduct in a night attack and under a galling fire.

