
THIRD EPOCH.

On the afternoon of the 23rd of May this command crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Ford. The enemy showed himself in small force, but kept well under cover. The division having been ordered into position on the right of General Griffin, who held line along crest of ground skirted with wood and near to the Central Railroad, I was ordered by General Cutler to move on the right of First Brigade, Colonel Robinson commanding. The brigade was moved as rapidly forward as possible to effect the desired connection, but to do this my right flank was uncovered, leaving several hundred yards unoccupied between my command and the river. Throwing out skirmishers, my command advanced at a double-quick, but received a heavy volley from the enemy before they reached their position. They steadily pressed forward, returning the fire and engaging the enemy at short range. In the mean time the troops on my left commenced to give way, and at that moment the enemy turned my flank, with Scales' brigade, of Wilcox's division, pressed in front and flank. I directed my command to fall back, which was done with but little disorder, and my line was reformed with its right on the river, about 600 yards in rear of the point of attack, which position I held and strongly intrenched during the night without molestation. While on the North Anna my command was not otherwise engaged, except as skirmishers, losing quite severely in officers and men from the picket-fire of the enemy. The conduct of the command on the North Anna was not such as to subject it to severe criticism, and but for a combination of circumstances for which it was not responsible I do not hesitate in saying it would have won for itself a bright reputation for coolness and steady bravery.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the morning of the 31st May my command commenced to participate in the operations at Totopotomoy Creek, and drove the enemy's skirmishers from the Shady Grove road, in the direction of the Mechanicsville road until they sought shelter in intrenchments, extending across Mechanicsville road and extending toward Cold Harbor. On the morning of June 1 I went into position with my left on the Cold Harbor road, near Bethesda Church, my right extending on a line parallel with the enemy's works. The enemy were in force and strongly intrenched, and, as I moved to the position, annoyed me with a heavy shelling from his batteries. Here I strongly intrenched, connecting with Brigadier-General Lockwood on the left, and First Brigade, Fourth Division, on my right, where I remained until the evening of June 5, when I conducted the command to Cold Harbor, and the same was transferred to the First Division. During the operations on the Totopotomoy, my command behaved well and suffered severely in officers and men from a constant fire of the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery, within whose range my lines were established and held. Captain Hughes, commanding One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded severely at this point and obliged to retire from his command, having acquitted himself in a manner deserving the respect and praise of his superiors.

I am unwilling to conclude this report without acknowledging my obligations to the staff and all the field and line officers of the com-

