
mand for their steady support and constant efforts to render the command efficient, under the many critical circumstances under which it was placed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 142. Report of Colonel Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH CORPS, September 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the corps, the following report of the part taken by this command in the campaign from Culpeper Court-House to this place:

At the time we left our winter camp the brigade was composed of the following batteries: B, Fourth United States, Lieutenant Stewart commanding, six light 12-pounders; D, First New York, Captain Winslow commanding, six light 12-pounders; H, First New York, Captain Mink commanding, six light 12-pounders; C, Massachusetts, Captain Martin commanding, six light 12-pounders; D, Fifth United States, Lieutenant Rittenhouse commanding, six 10-pounder Parrotts; B, First Pennsylvania, Captain Cooper commanding, six 3-inch regulation; L, First New York, Captain Breck commanding, six 3-inch regulation; E, Massachusetts, Captain Phillips commanding, six 3-inch regulation; making total of eight batteries and forty-eight guns. The brigade moved out of camp at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 4th day of May, and marched in a body along with the infantry of the corps through Stevensburg to the Rapidan at Germanna Ford. After crossing the ford the different batteries were assigned to march with the divisions, for their better protection through the Wilderness, as follows: B, First Pennsylvania, with Crawford's (Third) division; C, Massachusetts, and E, Massachusetts, and D, First New York, with Griffin's (First) division; H, First New York, and D, Fifth United States, with Robinson's (Second) division; L, First New York, and B, Fourth United States, with Wadsworth's (Fourth) division. On reaching the Old Wilderness Tavern the first four batteries went into position on the high ground immediately around the Lacy house. The others were camped for the night on the east side of the Germanna plank road, about three-fourths of a mile north of the tavern.

May 5.-The batteries remained with the divisions for this day's march the same as yesterday, Crawford's division leading on the road to Parker's Store, and at 5 a. m. reached a large opening within about half a mile of that place, when our cavalry, which had previously held the Store, were driven back by a body of the enemy passing along the Orange Court-House plank road, stopping our farther advance. Cooper's battery went into position at this point,

