
and is ordered to Alrich's to cover the trains. Hancock is moving after Warren, head of his column having just passed Todd's Tavern. At this last-named place Sheridan, with Gregg's and Tobert's divisions, had a sharp fight yesterday afternoon with the whole of Stuart's rebel cavalry, in which latter were driven back off the ground, leaving some hundred dead on field, including Parton Collins, a renegade Pennsylvania. Both parties fought dismounted in the woods. The precise figures of our losses in the battles are not yet ascertained. Whole number will not vary much from 12,000. Our least report from General Wadsworth is that yesterday morning he lay senseless in a rebel hospital, shot through the brain, and sure to die. Of Seymour we have no knowledge, except that he is missing. General Hays is killed. Shaler is wounded, and a prisoner. An extraordinary number are but slightly injured. Number of rebel prisoners in our hands, about 2,000. There is reason to believe that Longstreet was severely wounded on Thursday. Our army will probably remain in its present lines till to-morrow morning. Seven days' rations will be issued to men, rendering it possible to leave trains behind, and then, "On to Richmond!" Spirits of men and officers are of the highest pitch of animation. We still have 140 rounds per man. I send this dispatch in duplicate to Fredericksburg, where our wounded are sent, and to Rappahannock.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Four miles north of Spotsylvania Court-House,

May 9, 1864-12 noon. (Received 4 p.m., 10th.)

General Wilson, with his division of cavalry, occupied Spotsylvania Court-House yesterday morning for an hour, but as Warren's corps had not yet made its appearance, an as columns of rebel infantry were gaining position on both his right and left, he fell back to Alsop's. Prisoners were taken by Wilson, who reported that two divisions of Longstreet's corps had just come up, they having marched all night. General Grant at once gave orders for attacking these troops with the whole of Warren's corps, to whose support Sedgwick was hurrying up, in order to destroy them before the rest of the rebel army could arrive. Warren, however, proceeded with exceeding caution, and when he finally did attack, sent a single division at a time, and was constantly repulsed. The general attack which Generals Grant and Meade directed was never made, for reasons which I have not yet been able to learn, but successive assaults were made upon this and that point in the rebel positions, with no decisive results. The last assaults were made just before dark, when the fighting was very sharp. What number of men we lost is not ascertained, but the condition of the hospitals indicates that it is not so large as was to have been supposed. This morning the rebels are massing on our left, apparently for the purpose of both covering the road to Richmond, and preventing General Grant from going to Fredericksburg. There has been no fighting except by skirmishers. General Sedgwick was killed this morning by a sharpshooters; ball struck him in the forehead. General Robinson was wounded in the leg yesterday. General Morris was similarly wounded to-day.

