
but did not open fire. Meanwhile Breck's and Stewart's batteries, with Wadsworth's division, followed the same road, and reached another open space, about half a mile to the rear of that occupied by Crawford's division. These batteries did not get into position at this place, and, along with Cooper's, were withdrawn to the neighborhood of the Lacy house about noon, when the divisions they were with fell back to that point. It having been now ascertained that the enemy were in full force and would resist our further progress, four batteries were posted on the crest to the right of the Lacy house, commanding the valley and the road to Parker's Store, in the following order, from left to right: E, Massachusetts; D, Fifth United States; H, First New York, and B, First Pennsylvania. At times during the afternoon the rifled batteries opened on bodies of the enemy seen passing the open ground to which Crawford at first advanced. The distance was about 2,700 yards; practice good. I had here an opportunity of judging of the relative merits of the Parrotts and 3-inch guns at this range. The elevation required was the same for each, nor could I see any difference in the accuracy of the fire. I should judge the proportion of shells which burst about as 5 to 4 in favor of the 3-inch (Hotchkiss), while five Parrotts and three 3-inch burst within a few yards of the muzzle. Meanwhile Winslow's battery (D), First New York, advanced up the Chancellorsville pike, with Griffin's division, about a mile beyond its junction with the Germanna plank road. One section was taken from the battery (which was left at this point) and pushed up the road, along the advance of the infantry, about a mile farther to an opening in the Wilderness, across which the road passes diagonally to the right. The section crossed this opening, and went into position part way up the rise beyond, firing solid shot up the road. Finding that the infantry line of battle on his right had not advanced with him, Captain Winslow withdrew his section to the bottom of the hill, nearly across to the hither side of the open space, and again went into position. But at the same moment Ayres' brigade, which supported them on the right, gave way and fell back across the road. A few shot were fired by the section even after the infantry had left them, but nearly all the horses were shot, Captain Winslow severely wounded, Lieutenant Shelton wounded and a prisoner, and the enemy actually between the guns before they were abandoned. No blame whatever can be attached to either the battery officers or men, nor to Captain Martin, acting at the time as division chief of artillery. They all acted under orders from General Griffin. The guns were fought to the last, and lost as honorably as guns could be lost. I may as well mention in this place that the guns were not removed by the enemy that night, as I found on visiting the picket-line the next morning. Had I known it, I believe they might have been drawn within our lines that night. The next day arrangements were made to do so immediately after dark, but just at that time Ricketts' division, holding the right of the road on which they lay, was driven in, and although General Griffin offered to give me a brigade to try to recover them if I would ask for it, I did not feel willing to incur the responsibility myself of bringing on an engagement and the consequent loss of life. Immediately on the infantry falling back to near their old position, the remaining four guns of Winslow's battery were got into position on the right of the road, on a crest where a little of the timber had been felled. A section of Phillips' battery was at the same time brought up and posted on

