
the pike, where it replied to, and several times silenced, the enemy's guns, similarly posted at a distance of about 1,400 yards.

May 6.-During the day the following batteries were moved up into position, on a prolongation to the left of the line occupied by E, Massachusetts, and D, First New York, which was the main line held by the Fifth Corps: D, First New York, now commanded by Lieutenant Richardson, on the right of the pike; E, Massachusetts, across the pike; C, Massachusetts, H, First New York, L, First New York, B, First Pennsylvania. The fighting during the day was confined to the infantry. When Ricketts' division, of the Sixth Corps, gave way, by General Griffin's request I tried to get three batteries into position on a knoll to the rear of the line above mentioned, so as to command a knoll and ravine on his right flank. Rittenhouse's and Stewart's, the only remaining batteries of the bridge, were at once brought up, and as the position was represented to me as very important and the emergency most pressing, I also ordered up the Seventh Maine Battery, Captain Twitchell commanding, belonging to the Ninth Corps. On arriving at the position, however, it was found that but one battery could be placed so as to be of service, so Stewart and Twitchell were ordered back to their former position, and Rittenhouse was also withdrawn early the following morning.

May 7.-The batteries remained in their positions of the day before, except that Stewart was moved across the opening in front of the Lacy house so as to command the valley of a small stream coming in at that point. At 9 p. m. the corps moved out on the Brock road under orders to proceed to Spotsylvania Court-House by way of Todd's Tavern. The batteries marched with the divisions. The night was very dark and the infantry straggled across a few little wet spots on the road to such an extent that it was 1 o'clock of May 8 before the last battery (Rittenhouse's) left the Lacy house. From that time until daylight the rear of the column did not make more than half a mile an hour. I had been directed by General Warren to remain at the Lacy house until all the batteries were off. And again on reaching corps headquarters, where the head of the column had halted, about 1 1/2 miles beyond the tavern, I was ordered to remain with the reserve batteries. About 6.30 a. m., our cavalry being held in check by the enemy, Robinson's division, with Martin's and Breck's batteries, followed by Griffin, with Mink's, Phillips' and Richardson's batteries, moved past the cavalry and pushed on about three-fourths of a mile beyond the Alsop house. Breck's battery was left in position on the high ground close to this house, while Captain Martin moved to the front with his and went into position on the right of the Maryland brigade, near the point of woods where General Sedgwick fell a few days after, and where the two branches of the road, which separate in the rear of the Alsop house, again come together. Captain Martin here brought his battery into position and fired solid shot into the woods on the opposite rise, to enable our infantry to gain possession of it, but failing in this and being driven back in confusion, the battery fell back with them by the right-hand road about half a mile to a small knoll, which commanded the valley of a little stream running from our right into the Po. In the withdrawal of his battery, Captain Martin received a severe wound in the back of his neck, just grazing the spine, and the command of the battery devolved upon Lieutenant Walcott. The other divisions, as they came

41 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

