
up, were formed on the right and left of the Alsop house, about a quarter of a mile to its front, and Mink and Richardson took position around the house. The farther advance on the enemy was checked at this point. With the aid of the fire of these batteries, and on the arrival of the rest of the corps, and a portion of the Sixth, our line was again pushed forward to the point first gained, which continued to be the salient of our line through the remainder of the engagement at this place. The batteries were now disposed as follows: Breck's, Mink's, and Winslow's in position on the right of the road, commanding the valley above referred to, the latter having relieved Walcott's, which battery, together with Stewart's, again advanced to near its first position at the corner of the woods near the salient, and at once became engaged in a severe contest with a similar number of the enemy's guns. At about 600 yards' distance a slight rise of ground hid the contending batteries from each other, and it was some time before the exact range could be got. When, however, the gunners were brought to fire low enough so as just to graze the ridge and burst their spherical case on the graze, the enemy's batteries were soon silenced and their guns probably withdrawn. Shrapnel was almost exclusively used by both sides in this engagement, which lasted about half an hour. Our loss was 10 killed and some 10 wounded, among whom was First Lieutenant Thomas Goodman, temporarily serving with Stewart's battery. Though his wound was considered slight at the time, Lieutenant Goodman died in hospital at Alexandria twelve days afterward. Soon after dark all the batteries were withdrawn to the neighborhood of the Alsop house and parked for the night.

May 9.-The corps now occupied an irregular curved line, with its left near the road to Spotsylvania Court-House, at the salient above mentioned, its right in the woods to the rear of the Pritchett house. At daylight Mink's (H), First New York, and Richardson's (D), First New York, were sent to the front and posted, under General Griffin's orders, a short distance to the right of where Stewart's battery was the day before. An orchard, with ruins of a house, was immediately in front of them, and a heavy wooded knoll beyond at a distance of 500 yards. The fire of the enemy's sharpshooters was exceedingly annoying from these points. At 6.30 p. m. the enemy opened from a battery to the left, and advanced their skirmish lines, but were driven back into the woods and their battery silenced. These batteries were again withdrawn after dark. Cooper's battery occupied its position of the afternoon before, on a knoll to the right of the Court-House road, and commanding the valley toward the Pritchett house. Rittenhouse's battery was also placed on the same knoll to the right of Cooper's, and in the afternoon Phillips' battery was posted about 400 yards in their rear, on commanding ground. The two first were engaged at different times during the day against batteries of the enemy, which opened on the right of our line. Phillips, though not engaged, suffered somewhat from the random fire of a battery beyond the woods on his left flank. The other batteries remained in reserve near the Alsop house until late in the p. m., when Walcott relieved Cooper's battery. The latter moved off to the right about half a mile and fired some 40 rounds at the enemy across the Po. Breck's battery had been sent also to somewhat the same position in the afternoon, and was engaged under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. Both these batteries were withdrawn after dark.

