
May 10.-Mink and Richardson again in their position of the previous day, slightly advanced and well protected by works thrown up during the night. The latter battery had but three guns in position, having badly cracked the trail of one of their pieces the day before. Both batteries fired a good part of the day, by General Griffin's orders, at the enemy's skirmish line and to encourage our own infantry. The enemy also occasionally opened from a battery on their front, but was soon silenced. Rittenhouse's and Breck's batteries were posted during the morning on the right of the corps to fire on the enemy's line across the Po, which was being attacked by the Second Corps. They were engaged a good part of the day, but when the corps fell back were much exposed, and were withdrawn before night. At the time the Second Corps fell back, at Colonel Tidball's request, Cooper's and Walcott's batteries were ordered to report to him, but were not used. They reported back the next morning. Phillips' battery remained in its position of the previous day, and Stewart's was posted to its right and rear, close to the Alsop house.

May 11.-Mink and Richardson, in the same position, kept up a fire throughout the day at intervals, as ordered by the division commander. Cooper occupied his old works, commanding the valley. Breck, Phillips, Stewart, in position as before around the Alsop house, with Rittenhouse and Walcott in reserve until the afternoon, when Stewart's battery was moved to the left and front of Cooper, and Walcott was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Ayres, now in command of the Second Division. None of the batteries were engaged during the day.

May 12.-This morning Phillips' and Breck's batteries were moved to the extreme left of the corps, and too position to the left of the road which crosses the Po, now at Corbin's Bridge. During the forenoon they shelled the woods across the river, and replied to a few guns which opened on our skirmish lines, but they were either so far off or so much concealed by the woods that the effect of our fire could not be seen. At 2 p. m. they had a brisk engagement for twenty-five minutes with a rebel battery in their front at 1,200 yards, and silenced it. The fire of the enemy was very accurate, wounding several of the men and exploding one of Captain Phillips' limbers. Mink's and Richardson's batteries shelled the woods opposite them at the time of the attack made by the Second Corps, and at intervals during the day. Walcott's battery was also engaged on General Ayres' front for a short time. The other batteries were in their previous positions, but not engaged. At night all the batteries were withdrawn and camped near the Sixth Corps hospitals, in rear of that corps.

May 13.-The command remained in camp all day. At night all moved by by-roads in rear of the army to the Beverly house, on the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania Court-House road, reaching that point at sunrise of May 14. On arriving at the Beverly house, Rittenhouse's battery was posted across the pike about half a mile beyond the bridge over the Ny, bearing upon the Court-House; distance, 2,200 yards. Cooper's and Breck's batteries were posted close to the Beverly house, firing to the left flank, and aiding in both the attacks on the Myers house made on the afternoon of this day. The remainder of the batteries remained in reserve.

May 15.-The batteries not engaged. Cooper and Rittenhouse remained in their former positions. The horses are suffering greatly

