
THIRD EPOCH.

May 21.-Left Beverly house at 10 a. m. and moved to Guiney's Station, crossed the Mattapony at bridge near that place, and bivouacked for the night on the south side of the river.

May 22.-Started at noon and marched by the old Telegraph road to Bull's (or Bullock's) Church, and camped for the night.

May 23.-Moved at daylight. Head of column arrived near North Anna by railroad bridge 11 a. m. This being the position which the Second Corps was to occupy, we returned to Mount Carmel Church and passed to the right, striking the river again at Jericho Mills. Rittenhouse's battery was then placed in position on the north bank, immediately on the left of the road leading to the ford, and soon after Breck's battery took position about one-third of a mile farther down below the bend. The First Division was at once pushed across the ford, meeting with no opposition, followed by the Third and Fourth Divisions. So soon as the pontoon bridge was laid the six 12-pounder batteries crossed. Meanwhile the First Division had advanced into a piece of woods about 1,200 yards from, and immediately in front of, the ford, and had slightly intrenched. The Third and Fourth Divisions were now (5 p. m.) pushed forward on the left and right of the First, to complete the chord across the bend of the river. On the left the Third Division succeeded in reaching its position near a house, and Hart's and Stewart's batteries were posted by Captain Cooper in rear of its right, on good ground. In the attack which was made on both flanks near dusk, the enemy brought eight guns to bear on this point, which were soon silenced by the fire of Stewart's and Hart's, assisted by Rittenhouse's, Breck's, and Cooper's batteries on the north side of the river. Meanwhile Cutler's (Fourth) division was going into position on the right of the First. The column moved by the flank and formed into echelon of regiments as it neared the corner of the woods. One brigade had joined on to the right of the First Division and extended to the edge of the woods. The First Brigade was advancing toward an open ridge on the right of the woods, when the enemy's line of battle arose from behind the ridge, fired a volley, and at once charged upon their flank. The brigade gave way. Mink's battery (H, First New York) was moving up behind the column to take position on the ridge so soon as gained by the division. Being present at this time, I at once desired Captain Davis, brigade inspector, to direct him to cover our right flank. Captain Mink advanced in line and came into position at canister range and soon checked the enemy's advance. Matthewson's battery (E, First New York) and Walcott's (C, Massachusetts) were also brought up at a trot and formed on the right of Mink's, so as to cover all our flanks to the river. The behavior of all these batteries was admirable and their firing excellent. By it the attack of the enemy was repulsed and our infantry enabled to reform. Their losses were severe. Captain Davis was mortally wounded in endeavoring to rally the broken infantry in rear of Mink's battery. Lieutenant Matthewson, and Lieutenant Cargill, of C, Massachusetts, were hit soon after their batteries went into position. In Captain Davis I lost one of the most promising young officers in the service. Modest, gentlemanly, hardworking, and every inch a soldier, he had won the highest commendations from all he had served with. Bigelow's battery, in rear of our lines, and Sheldon's, on the north bank, also fired a few rounds. The engagement lasted till after dark, when our lines were well established.

