
May 24.-Mink's, Walcott's, Richardson's (D, New York) batteries remained in position on right of line. Stewart's and Hart were advanced to the left about 600 yards, and posted near the Fontaine house. At dusk Major Fitzhugh with the two last-named, batteries and Phillips reported to General Griffin, commanding First Division; no engagement.

May 25.-The line was extended to the left to join the Ninth Corps. The three batteries with Major Fitzhugh were engaged at times during the day on the skirmish line of General Griffin's front, but could elicit no reply from the enemy's artillery, although we suffered considerably from the enemy's sharpshooters. Our object of posting the batteries, however, was gained in partially silencing the enemy's skirmishers in front of the Fourth Division. Cooper's, Breck's, and Walcott's batteries were also in position on the front of Crawford's division, the left of the corps, but not engaged.

May 26.-Not engaged. The infantry engaged in destroying the railroad. At dark the corps withdrew to north side of the river.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27.-Moved down the north bank of Pamunkey and camped for the night in the neighborhood of Mangohick and Brandywine.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey at ford near Hanovertown about noon, the corps taking position on the south bank in front of Dr. Brockenbrough house and intrenching, the left resting on the Totopotomoy and the right crossing the main road to Haw's Store. The following batteries were in position from right to left: Cooper's, Stewart's, Bigelow's, Barnes', Breck's, and Phillips'. There was no engagement at this point.

May 29.-Moved at 10 a. m. by way of Haw's Store, and formed on left of Ninth Corps, the First Division being the left of our line and reaching across the Totopotomoy to Widow Via's farm. Major Fitzhugh had Rittenhouse's, Richardson's, and Mink's batteries in position at this point, the first of which threw a few shell into the woods toward Mechanicsville road. The remaining batteries were parked near headquarters at the Norman house.

May 30.-The whole corps advanced to the Via house. The First Division was pushed up the Shady Grove road, accompanied by Major Fitzhugh's three batteries, Mink engaging the enemy's battery which opened on the head of the column. The Third Division at the same time moved out to gain the Mechanicsville pike. Their skirmishers had just crossed it near Tinsley's house, when the enemy charged and drove the division back nearly to the Shady Grove road. Richardson's battery immediately took position across the road by which the Third Division was retreating, and opened with solid shot, and afterward with canister, when the enemy made a determined charge upon this point. Lieutenant Richardson received great credit from General Griffin and Crawford for the handling of his battery at this point. Mink's battery was posted on the north side of the Shady Grove road immediately in front of the Bowles house, and Breck's was brought up on the left of Richardson's. At the same time Rittenhouse, Walcott, and Bigelow were posted on the extreme left of our line near the Armstrong house, the last named also having a good field of fire over the open ground around the Bowles house, should we be drawn back from that position. Later in the day the three batteries were pushed forward about 800

