
to north of the Mechanicsville road, were pushed forward by batteries with the line of battle. The ground was gained under a galling fire of artillery and musketry at considerable loss, the enemy's batteries being securely posted under cover. They were, however, at last driven out and their position occupied by our skirmishers, when it was found also that their loss had been heavy, 20 dead horses lying around where their guns had been. During this time they also charged down the Mechanicsville road and through the woods, driving [sic] its north side, but were repulsed by Ayres' brigade, with the aid of Hart's and Rittenhouse's batteries. The former looked directly up the road, and the enemy reached within short canister range of the battery before they were checked. Barnes' and Walcott's batteries had been brought back from the left, as well as Mink's, and were posted in their old position on either side of the wood road. Together with the batteries at the left they were frequently engaged with the enemy's artillery during the day.

June 4 and 5.-The batteries remained pretty much in the same positions. Late in the p. m. of the 5th they were all withdrawn and moved with the corps to the open ground between the Lacy and Burnett houses.

June 6 to 11.-The corps remained in reserve during this time; all the batteries in camp. Rittenhouse's, Rogers', and Walcott's were assigned to Second Division, reorganized under command of Brigadier-General Ayres. On the 11th, broke camp and moved to Williamsburg stage road. Camped near Providence Meeting-House.*

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel First New York Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 143. Report of Lieutenant Robert E. Rogers, Battery B, First New York Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY B, FIRST NEW YORK LIGHT ARTY., August 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following as the history of this command during the campaign commencing on the 4th of May and ending July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

Broke camp at Brandy Station, Va., at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 4th of May, marching with the Third Brigade, Artillery Reserve. We crossed the Rapidan and camped near Chancellorsville. Marched at sunrise on the morning of the 5th, and arrived near Wilderness at 4 p. m. Took no part in the battle of Wilderness.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

