
SECOND EPOCH.

Marched from Wilderness at 7 p. m. on the evening of the 7th of May, and marched to near Spotsylvania Court-House. Remained in that locality until the 15th, when we marched to Fredericksburg, where, on the 17th, received orders assigning battery to the Fifth Corps. Joined corps on the evening of the same day, and took position immediately in front of Spotsylvania at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 18th. Fired 118 rounds; no casualties. Remained in position in front of Spotsylvania until 3 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, when battery drew back 1 mile to rear and remained in harness.

THIRD EPOCH.

Marched from in front of Spotsylvania at 10 a. m. on the 21st, and marched to near Guiney's Station and camped. Marched 10 miles on the 23d. Marched at 10 a. m. on the 23d; arrived at North Anna River at 3 p. m. Took position on the north bank and fired 8 rounds; no casualties. Crossed North Anna River on the morning of the 25th and camped. Recrossed the river on the morning of the 26th and camped.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Broke camp near North Anna on the morning of the 27th; marched 25 miles. Marched 12 miles on the 28th, crossed the Pamunkey River and went into camp. Remained in camp until the 30th, when we marched 2 miles and took position; withdrew from position the same day without firing and camped. Remained in camp until June 1, when we marched to the front on the Mechanicsville road and took position. One section of the battery was ordered in the advance, and fired 8 rounds. Captain Sheldon wounded severely, Corporal Warren slightly, and Private Wheeler seriously; has since died. Moved on the 2nd 1 1/2 miles to the left, took position and fired 163 rounds; no casualties. Remained in same position on the 3rd; fired 303 rounds. Private O'Hara wounded. Withdrew from position at 8 p. m. on the 5th; marched 5 miles and camped near Cold Harbor; remained in camp until the 11th.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. ROGERS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery B, First New York Arty.

ASST. ADJT. General, ARTY. Brigadier, FIFTH CORPS.

Numbers 144. Report of Lieutenant Lester I. Richardson, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY, August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battery under my command in the recent active operations of the army:

FIRST EPOCH.

The captain commanding being severely wounded in the Wilderness on the morning of May 5, I assumed command the same day.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

