
Colonel Ryan was killed yesterday. Richmond papers of the 7th report General Jones killed; Paul [Micah] Jenkins and Stafford mortally wounded; Longstreet severely wounded. General Grant's orders last night were not to renew the fighting to-day; but if, as now appears to be the case, Lee has left anything open in front of our right by massing on our left, he may attack at this weakened point of their lines, with a view of passing toward Richmond on that side. This attack, if determined upon, will be made by Hancock, who holds our right, with the Sixth Corps in the center, and the Fifth on left. Hancock is supported by one division of Burnside, held in reserve at Piney Branch Church, while two divisions, under Willcox, are posted at the Gate to watch in that direction, and come down to support Warren in case of need. Burnside himself is at Alrich's, covering rear and trains. Sheridan, with Cavalry Corps, moved from Alsop at 4 o'clock this morning to attack Stuart, open a way for themselves to cut Lee's ammunition trains, and after doing all possible damage, strike the James River, and communicate with General Butler. To-morrow morning this entire army will have five days' rations in their haversacks; there are also five additional days' in the wagons. Our surgeons find plenty of ice in the ice-houses of the country. General Hobart Ward is under arrest for running away in the Wilderness battle. General H. G. Wright has been put in command of Sedgwick's corps. Imboden's cavalry reported to be in the country north of the Rapidan, picking up our stragglers.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 10, 1864-2 p.m. (Received 10 a.m., 11th.)

Positions of the two armies have not been essentially changed since my last dispatch. At about 5 p.m. yesterday Hancock's corps was thrown across the Po River, at a point about 3 miles below Corbin's Bridge, and a half mile above the bend to the south, laid down on Information 16 of the Topographical Bureau. Enemy had previously been moving troops and trains on Block house road toward the east. They made little resistance to Hancock's crossing, and the latter took up position at right angles to the general direction of our lines without loss or difficulty. The ground gained proves to be worthless, however, as the rebels have all got east of the Po, and stoutly hold every point where crossing might be effected; consequently Birney's and Gibbon's divisions have been moved back, and are now massed between Warren's right and the Po. Barlow's division still remains south of the Po, but are ready to move across if required to support the other two divisions. The Fourth Division of Hancock's corps (Mott's) has been posted between Wright's left and Burnside's right, to maintain the communication and close the lines between them. Very active fighting has been going on all day, with pretty heavy firing from our artillery, for which the broad opening of the plantations affords favorable positions. Rebels have used their cannon but little. By the skirmishing of this forenoon we have driven the rebels back to their breast-works on most of the line, but especially in Wright's front,

5 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

