
My right section was in position on the pike leading to Orange Court-House, my left section in rear of the right, the center section having been lost in the engagement during the day. Our troops were so scattered about that to fire from my right section would be alike dangerous to friend and foe. I received orders to move the section back to the rear. I started to do it. I then received orders to fire retiring. I proceeded to do that. I again received orders (for the third time), through Captain Martin's orderly, to fire 1 shot and move to rear. I did as ordered, and got back out of the way. I then moved back to the right of our former position (on the pike) with my right section and received orders from Captain Martin to put my left section on the left of the pike, so that I might command the front to considerable advantage.

May 6.-About noon I received orders to put my right section on the pike once more, which was done. I remained there until dark, when it was reported that the enemy were pushing our right. At this time I received orders direct from General Griffin to move my right section back to the right of the pike, where I remained during the night.

May 7.-About 8 a. m. the enemy attacked, driving in our skirmishers. I opened with my right section and fired 15 rounds of solid shot, when I ordered cease firing.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 7.-Left the Wilderness about 9 p. m., and reported to General Griffin, who ordered me to march in rear of General Ayres' brigade. The march was very slow and tedious, and about daylight May 8, reached Todd's Tavern, where we made a short halt. I still followed the brigade; finally came to a halt in a piece of woods where the cavalry had been engaged with enemy. We remained there about one-half hour, when we moved on once more. I rode ahead of my command to find some one who knew where I was wanted. (At this time the enemy were shelling the troops in our front and with considerable effect.) I finally found Major Roebling, who ordered me to put my battery in position on the right of the road. I did as ordered, but there was scarcely room to work three of my guns, as there was a thick wood in rear of me on my right flank and the road and woods on my left; however, I brought three guns in position at close intervals and opened upon the enemy's battery, soon drawing fire of the infantry on my battery. I did all in my power to check the fire of this battery, but in the situation I was in it was impossible, as their (enemy's) battery was placed under the crest of a hill and I could not harm them, although they could and did fire with great accuracy at me. I immediately sent an orderly to report the fact to the general commanding, and he, through Major Roebling, ordered me back to the rear and on the left of the position occupied by Captain Mink. I remained in this position perhaps one hour, when I was ordered to the right and front, where my guns were put en echelon, per orders from General Warren. I remained in this position during the night without disturbance.

May 9.-Received orders to move this morning at daylight and put my guns in position on the right of the line occupied by Captain Mink (H), First New York. The fire of the sharpshooters annoyed us very much until I had works thrown up for the protection of our men. About 9 a. m. I received orders from General Griffin to fire

