
solid shot at the sharpshooter in my front, causing them to ricochet on the hill in front of us. I fired a few rounds, when our skirmish line in front advanced and drove the enemy's skirmishers from their pits. During the firing the trail to my right gun was broken so as to disable and render it useless. I immediately sent it to the rear, leaving me only three guns. I moved to the rear about dark.

May 10.- Moved to the front this morning at daylight and occupied the same position as the day previous. The sharpshooter were very annoying, and not a man could show his head in safety. At 10 a. m. General Griffin ordered me to commence firing, which we did, and kept at it all day. The enemy replied some with artillery, and when once they did open, we (Captain Mink and myself) concentrated our fire upon them, which had the desired effect of stopping their fire for some time. The enemy had three pieces directly in my front-I should say 500 yards-and would occasionally open upon our infantry on our right. I claim with pride the honor of dismounting one of their pieces with a solid shot.

May 11.- Remained in position all night. The enemy opened upon us with artillery about 7 a. m. We answered them and effectually silenced their pieces. At this time I received orders from General Griffin to shell the woods in my front and to keep up a steady fire during the day. The object of shelling the woods was to keep the enemy from massing there, as it was reported they were so doing. I fired solid shot during the day (per order of the division commander) at 5 degrees elevation at no visible object, and what I could see, with no effect.

May 12.- I opened fire this morning about 7 a. m., the object of which was to make a diversion in favor of the attack of the Second and Sixth Corps on our left, and by orders from General Griffin kept up a steady fire in our front, the infantry having made an attack on our right. We were relieved about 3 p. m., went to the rear, and went into park near the Sixth Corps headquarters for the night.

May 13.- At 3 p. m. received orders to harness and move out near corps headquarters; reached there about 5 a. m.; remained in harness until dark, when I unharnessed, fed, and groomed. My men had laid down and got to sleep when I was ordered to harness and be ready to move out in fifteen minutes. We soon started, marched all night, the roads axle-deep with mud, consequently our march was very slow indeed. My horses were about used up, having been in the harness for the last eight days.

May 14.- Daylight found us trudging along our tiresome march on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House. About 8 a. m. we halted near the river Ny and fed men and horses. In about three-quarters of an hour we moved down to the bank of the river, where we remained until 4 p. m., when we received orders to move to the rear and camp for the night.

May 15.- Harnessed at daylight and remained so until 2 p. m., when I unharnessed and groomed; harnessed again, awaiting orders. About dark received orders to unharness and camp for the night.

May 16 and 17.- Remained in camp all day.

May 18.- Received orders at 1 a. m. to move to the Anderson house, reporting there at 3.30 a. m. I was assigned my position on the right and front of the Anderson house, with instructions to resist any attack that might be made on our left and front on a point some 1,500 yards from us. We remained here until 1 p. m. and received orders to move back to camp occupied by us in the morning.

