
May 19.- Received orders during the night to report to Colonel Wainwright with battery at daylight, which I did. About 5 p. m. a sharp musketry fire opened on our left and rear. I was ordered to move to the left and report to Major Fitzhugh. By the time I reached the place the firing ceased, and he (Major Fitzhugh) finally placed me under the brow of a hill, with orders to remain harnessed all night.

May 20.- At 9 a. m. received orders from Major Fitzhugh to return to the camp occupied the day previous in rear of corps headquarters, when I unharnessed and remained until the morning of May 21.

May 21.- Lieutenant Matthewson assumed command. (See his report.)

THIRD EPOCH.

May 23.- Lieutenant Matthewson was wounded during the early part of the engagement, when the command once more devolved upon me. The enemy were soon repulsed and we held them in check. I fired case-shot and canister, but mostly case-shot, at one-half, three-fourths, and one second time.

May 24.- Found us in the same position as during the night before. During the night my men threw up works to protect themselves should occasion require. Remained here all day, everything being very quiet.

May 25.- Still in same position.

May 26.- Left camp about 7.30 a. m., recrossed the North Anna, and went into camp about 1 mile from the river. Had just finished grooming my horses when orders came to have everything in readiness to move out at 6.30 this p. m. Moved out 100 yards and went into park, where we remained all night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The morning of the 27th found us on the road, but very slow marching. About 10 a. m. the column halted for rest about one and one-half hours, then marched until dark, when we halted to water, and started again. Marched until 9 p. m., when we went into camp for the night near Mangohick.

May 28.- Left camp at 6 a. m.; crossed the Pamunkey River about 1 p. m. at Hanovertown Ford; went into camp for the night about 1 mile from the river.

May 29.- Moved out at 10.30 a. m.; marched 2 miles, when I moved off to our left, and went into camp for the day. About 8.30 p. m. I received orders from Colonel Wainwright to report at once with my battery to Major Fitzhugh, who was at General Griffin's headquarters, about 2 miles to the front. I reported to him with battery at 10 p. m. He assigned me my position, telling me that I was put there to protect the right and rear.

May 30.- I found myself upon a sand-knoll, and impossible to work my guns had occasion required. I had just completed some works for my guns when I received orders to move out in rear of Ayres' brigade. We moved very slowly, but finally came to within one-half mile of the skirmish line and halted. I rode up and reported to Major Fitzhugh. He ordered me to remain where I was (in the road). This was about 1 p. m. About 2 p. m. musketry opened very briskly upon our left. I soon received orders to move the battery (one section at a trot and the other at a walk) out to the

