
rear and left. I had put my right section in the position assigned me by Major Fitshugh, and had fired 2 rounds of solid shot, when General Griffin rode along and ordered me farther to the front. I immediately limbered up, and moved forward at a trot about 150 yards, and here I had a splendid view of the enemy. They were marching seemingly with company front parallel with my battery. I immediately opened with solid shot upon their column, and they moved by the flank and soon got out of sight. (In going over the ground afterward I found they moved down in a ravine.) I kept my fire directed upon the column, or where I supposed and almost knew it to be. Up to this time I had not heard a shot from my left section. I immediately sent an orderly to ascertain its whereabouts, when I found out that a division commander had ordered it to the rear-"out of the way," was his expression. I sent for it at once, and also to Battery H, First New York, which was in my rear, for ammunition, as I had expended the supply in my limber chests, except the canister. Soon my left section came upon the ground, and I put it into position on my right and rear. Soon the enemy's artillery upon my right section, and that with the fire of the sharpshooters, was very annoying. I never saw the enemy's artillery used to better advantage than here. I directed my fire upon this battery from my right section, but found soon that they had the most advantageous position, and it was a waste of ammunition to try to dislodge them, so ordered cease firing, and told my men to cover themselves as much as possible, as the enemy's case-shot and shell were bursting directly in our front and over head. I had 4 horses killed in as many minutes, leaving me only 4 to each gun. Soon I received notice that the enemy were massing their forces in our front and right preparatory to charging our works. At this time the enemy's artillery was nearly quiet, firing less frequent. I still remained quiet with my battery, and soon the familiar rebel yell broke upon the ear, and "see, they come," was the expression of all. I held my fire until they were within 200 yards of my guns, when I opened upon them with canister, which soon had the desired effect of checking them and finally repulsing them. I then fired case-shot into their ranks from both sections and they (what were left) were soon out of sight. Before this charge I had reported my situation to the division general in command, having lost my horses and 3 men, and asked permission to move my right section to the rear with my left, so that I might have my battery together, but he said no; I must hold that front at all hazards. In the midst of our firing, when I was doing the best execution, he sent an aide-de-camp to me telling me to take my guns out of there or I would lose them. I sent word back to the general that it was too late to move my guns, and besides I could not get them out. At this time the enemy were not 50 yards from my guns, and still coming, and I finally livered up one of my guns and it had moved about 10 yards when the enemy's line was broken and completely routed. I immediately halted the gun, unlimbered, and commenced firing with it again. All this time my other gun of this section (right) and the left were hotly contesting the ground with the enemy. Soon the firing ceased, and all was quiet.

May 31.- Remained in position all day without disturbance.

June 1.- Moved to the extreme right of the corps, per order from Major Fitzhugh, who put me in position on the left of the road, where I remained all night.

