
June 2.- Marched out at 11 a. m. to near the position of the 30th; went in park near Bethesda Church. While here I received orders to put my battery in position, faced to the rear. Moved out of position about 5 p. m. and went into park, where I remained until dark. I then received orders to move my battery out to the front (our rear), where I was assigned my position by Captain Phillips. I then went in camp for the night.

June 3.- The enemy opened upon us this morning, to which we replied (my position was the left of the three batteries, B, Fourth United States, on my right, and E, Fifth Massachusetts, on the right of that), and silencing them, they soon moved to another position, and again we silenced them, but this time it cost me dearly. It was here I lost the brave and efficient officer Lieutenant De Mott, he being struck with a piece of case-shot, which passed through him, killing him instantly; I also lost 1 man killed and 4 wounded at this place. At this time the enemy had an enfilading fire upon us as well as the fire in our front; we could do nothing with them only in our front. Our line of battle soon advanced, and I was ordered (with the other batteries) to advance on the open plain in my front. As I moved up the enemy opened on us with canister, but with little effect. I soon got my position and we silenced the enemy's battery, so much so that one hour after getting this position not a shot was fired from them. In this position I lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

June 4.- Moved out of position about noon and went to the rear, where I camped for the night.

June 5.- Moved out of camp at daylight and took position in line of works near Bethesda Church. Left position about 9 p. m. and moved out toward Cold Harbor, which we reached at 4 a. m. June 6, and remained during the day and night.

June 7.- Moved out at 4 a. m.; marched to within 2 miles of Richmond and York Railroad, where we camped until the night of June 12.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. I. RICHARDSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery D, First New York Artillery.

Lieutenant F. MORRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 145. Report of Captain Charles E. Mink, Battery H, First New York Light Artillery.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battles and skirmishes of the present campaign in which Battery H, First New York Artillery, participated during the months of May and June, 1864:

May 8, engaged a section of the enemy's artillery near Todd's Store; silenced them after firing a few shots. At 7 a. m., in company with General Griffin's division, moved to Laurel Hill, short

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

