
distance to the right, and engaged the enemy's infantry, firing 62 solid shot, 11 shell, and 16 spherical case with excellent effect, when the falling back of our infantry supports and the overpowering numbers of the enemy obliged us to withdraw the battery. In this engagement we had 2 men slightly wounded.

May 9, placed the guns in position behind a line of works thrown up at the edge of the woods at Laurel Hill, right section in the road which passes through the Wilderness at this point, the center and left sections about 800 yards to the right where the work formed an angle of about 45 degrees with the line in front of the timber. In our front, at about the distance of 500 or 600 yards, [was] a dense piece of woods, in which the enemy's sharpshooters were stationed; being completely under cover they were very troublesome, killing Major-General Sedgwick near the guns of Lieutenant Ritchie's section, and wounding many men and officers near us. At 6.30 p. m. the enemy opened on us with a battery stationed near the left corner of the woods in our front, at the same time advancing a heavy line of skirmishers. I withdrew the right section from its original position, and placed it on the left of the center section, near the angle of the Corps, as he wished to place two of his guns in the road, firing 38 solid shot, 8 shell, and 14 spherical case-shot. We completely silenced their artillery, and compelled their skirmishers to fall back in disorder behind the woods. We had in this engagement 2 men slightly wounded. Withdrew the battery and encamped a short distance in the rear. At 11 p. m. the next morning, May 10, placed the battery in the position occupied the day previous and three guns of Battery D, First New York Artillery, immediately on our right. By order of General Griffin, we commenced firing in the direction of the enemy at 10 a. m., to cover the advance of our skirmishers. The enemy opened on us with a battery, which, with the assistance of Battery D, we completely silenced and drove from its position. At 12 m., being struck on the ankle with a spent ball, I returned over the command to Lieutenant Ritchie during the rest of the day, and May 11 and 12 my battery, under command of Lieutenant Ritchie, and Lieutenant Richardson's guns on our right, were continually engaged. The enemy frequently attempted to bring their artillery to bear upon them, but were every time immediately silenced. The last three days' engagement at this place the battery fired nearly 2,000 rounds of ammunition, about one-third of which was expended on the enemy's artillery. The remained was fired by order of General Griffin to prevent the enemy from massing troops at this point. During the three days 7 men were wounded and 2 horses killed.

May 19, having resumed command, I placed the battery in position at daybreak behind a line of works on the heights near the Spotsylvania and Fredericksburg road. At 5 p. m. the enemy attempted to get possession of the works on our right, which were formerly occupied by General Burnside's troops; opened fire upon them and drove them back, firing 41 rounds of spherical case and 2 shell with excellent effect.

May 23, crossed the North Anna River at Jericho Ford at 5 p. m.; in company with General Cutler's division were attacked by the enemy in force at 6 p. m. Our advance met the enemy in the woods a short distance from the ford, and were driven back in disorder. I brought the battery in position, and as soon as our retiring troops could be cleared from our front, I opened upon the enemy with can-

