
ister, and supported by Colonel Hofmann's brigade, of Cutler's division, repulsed their charge and drove them from the field, firing case-shot into them until they were driven into the woods. We then kept up a fire of solid shot through the timber until the field was cleared, and our troops held a position about 1,000 yards in advance of the ground where the battle opened. We lost in this engagement 3 men wounded, 2 horses killed and 3 three wounded.

May 30, were engaged near Bethesda Church on the skirmish line; fired 36 solid shot and 4 shell; could not tell the effect from the density of the timber; had 2 men seriously wounded.

June 3, I relieved Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, near Bethesda Church; fired 48 solid shot, 46 spherical case, and 19 shell, with excellent effect, driving the enemy's sharpshooters from the buildings in our front and repulsing a heavy line of skirmishers. The battery was under a heavy fire of artillery all day, but owing to the natural strength of our position our loss was limited to 1 horse.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. MINK,

Captain, Firt New York Artillery, Commanding Battery H.

Lieutenant W. J. CANFIELD,

Acting Adjutant, First New York Artillery.

Numbers 146. Report of Lieutenant Charles L. Anderson, Battery L, First New York Light Artillery.+
HDQRS. BATTERY L, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,August 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report:

I.

This command broke camp at Culpeper, Va., the morning of the 4th day of May, 1864, crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford the same day, marching as far as Wilderness Tavern, went into park, and bivouacked for the night. [Resignation of Captain G. H. Reynolds being accepted May 3, 1864, First Lieutenant George Breck became commanding officer at beginning of campaign.]

On the morning of the 5th entered the Wilderness, by a cut road to the right and in the direction of Parker's Store and the enemy, with Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Brigadier-General Wadsworth's (Fourth) division, fifth Army Corps. Arriving at an open space or clearing, the lamented Brigadier-General Wadsworth formed and advance his division in line of battle into the woods, leaving the two batteries of twelve pieces in park. Soon after, by order of First Lieutenant Stewart (B), Fourth U. S. Artillery, withdrew and went into park in rear of Lacy's house. [The repulse of the Fourth Division and the impracticability of rifled

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+The parts of this report inserted in brackets [] appear as foot-notes in the original.

---------------

