
guns so far advanced from main line in the Wilderness induced the order of First Lieutenant Stewart, acting chief of artillery, to withdraw Battery L (this command). His own battery of light 12-pounders soon followed our column by the narrow road in the retreat before the heavy masses of the enemy.]

On the 6th went into position on the right of Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and in rear of Colonel Kitching's brigade heavy artillery; remained in same position during the night of the 6th, throwing up works. Were exposed to an unimportant artillery fire, but suffering no damage, made no reply. [June 6 First Sergeant Rooney, Corporal Blake, and 12 privates made their way to the battery without arms, connecting at expiration of veteran furloughs.]

II.

Took up line of march on the night of the 7th, moving in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-house. After a brief halt at Todd's Tavern, under command of Captain Martin, Fifth Massachusetts Battery, we again advanced. On the march, and within 2 miles of the town, wheeled into the field on the left of the road and went into action, engaging the enemy's batteries at a distance of 1,500 yards. Expended 127 rounds of shot and shell. Remained in position during same day, constructing at night lunette defenses. At 3 p. m. of the 9th instant moved to the right and rear by a pioneer road through a copse of woods and took position confronting the enemy and relieving Battery A, First New Hampshire Artillery; were subject to a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, by which 1 man was mortally wounded and the commanding officer, First Lieutenant George Breck, slightly wounded, the latter not leaving the field. At midnight moved back to works we had erected the night previous. At 10 a. m. of the 10th instant returned and took an advanced position of the one occupied the day preceding, in connection with Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and engaged the enemy's batteries, posted behind strong defensive works, at a distance of 1,200 yards; also shelling his line of battle to our left and front, expending 231 rounds of ammunition in very satisfactory practice. In the afternoon retired to our works by order of First Lieutenant Rittenhouse, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery. [Owing to the withdrawal of Second Corps from the enemy's side of Po River this position became untenable. The enemy approached so as to enfilade the two batteries with musketry and artillery. First Lieutenant Rittenhouse (D), Fifth U. S. Artillery, acting chief of artillery, therefore instructed us to retire, and soon followed with his Parrott battery.]

On the morning of the 12th moved again to the right of the Fifth Army Corps, together with the Third Massachusetts Battery, taking position in line with Colonel Kitching's brigade of heavy artillery; fought the enemy's batteries at a distance of 1,500, 1,800, and 2,000 yards; also placed one section in position to enfilade his general line of battle, firing one shot every three minutes for an hour. This section fired at a distance of 3,500 yards. We received the concentrated fire of such batteries as he could bring to bear upon us, during which he exploded a limber chest of the Third Massachusetts Battery. We expended 378 rounds of ammunition. At 5 p. m. we withdrew from this line and moved to rear of hospitals

42 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I.

