
of Fifth Army Corps. On the night of the 13th marched by a circuitous route, crossing the Ny river and confronting the enemy in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, near the Fredericksburg turnpike, when we went into position and remained till the 18th, when we advanced to our left and front, forming in battery on Brigadier-General Crawford's (Third) division line, together with Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery and the Third Massachusetts Light Artillery, engaged the enemy's artillery posted in heavy works immediately in front of the town. Expended 383 rounds of ammunition. The casualties were 1 veteran volunteer mortally wounded, and also a sergeant severely wounded. At the enemy's attack on our right and rear 1 bugler was captured with horse and equipments. [May 17, by order of General Meade, turned in one section of the battery, two pieces with horses and equipments.]

III.

Left Spotsylvania on the 21st, arriving at the North Anna River on the 23d, taking position on the north bank of the river at the extreme left of long range batteries, D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, posted to cover the crossing of the Fifth Army Corps at Jericho Ford. We fired 87 rounds of ammunition with marked effect, silencing the enemy's artillery thrown boldly forward for the purpose of shelling the Fifth Army Corps, which was en masse and crossing upon a pontoon bridge.

IV.

Crossed the Pamunkey River the 28th, and went into position at a trot on the afternoon of the 30th, coming to the assistance of Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, 100 yards to the left of its position; engaged a rebel battery posted upon the Mechanicsville turnpike and drove them, expending 76 rounds of Schenkl shot and shell. Advanced June 2 across the Mechanicsville turnpike, entering and passing through heavy timber by a cut road. We formed en echelon on the extreme left of General Crawford's line of battle. Remained in this position duelling daily until the night of June 5, expending 350 rounds of ammunition, and were subject to a fire of sharpshooters, and fighting 10, 12, and 20 pounders. It was 9 miles to Richmond; in moving out at night we lost 1 man captured.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery L, First New York Artillery.

Lieutenant F. MORRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 147. Itinerary of the Sixth Army Corps.+

May 1 to 4.- Near Brandy Station.

May 4.- Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, encamping at night on the south side of the Rapidan.

May 5.- Moved toward Wilderness Tavern.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

