
May 5 to 7.- Battle of the Wilderness. Night of the 7th moved to Chancellorsville and Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 8.- Battle at Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 9.- At Spotsylvania Court-House; Major-General Sedgwick killed. May 10 to 21.- At Spotsylvania Court-House, with continual changes of position, much fighting, and severe losses. Night of 21st moved to Guiney's Station.

May 22.- Moved to Nancy Wright's house, near Telegraph road.

May 23.- Moved down Telegraph road to Jericho Mills.

May 24.- Crossed North Anna River; took position on the right of the line.

May 25.- Moved to Noel's Station; destroyed 3 miles of railroad; thence moved to Anderson's house.

May 26.- At night recrossed the river and moved to Chesterfield Station.

May 27.- Moved down to vicinity of Taylor's Ford, on the Pamunkey.

May 28.-Crossed Pamunkey River at Nelson's Ford and moved to Dr. Pollard's house.

May 29.- Reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House by one division.

May 30.- Corps moved to Overton house, near Totopotomoy Creek.

May 31.- Remained there.

June 1.- Moved to Cold Harbor; battle in the afternoon.

June 2.- At Cold Harbor.

June 3.- Engaged with the enemy.

June 4 to 12.- At Cold Harbor. At night [of 12th] moved in direction of Long Bridge.

Numbers 148. Report of Major Henry R. Dalton, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations of First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 29, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 174, headquarters Sixth Corps, of August 20, 1864, the following report of the operations of this division in the campaign, May 4, 1864, to July 9, 1864, is respectfully submitted:

FIRST EPOCH.

The camps of this division near Hazel River, Va., were struck at early daylight on the morning of the 4th of May, 1864, and the troops moved through Stevensburg, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and bivouacked for the night. Early on the following morning the march was continued for a couple of miles or more, when the division was ordered to go into position parallel to the plank road and advance to connect with the Fifth Corps on left, which corps had begun to feel the lines of the enemy, the formation of the division being from left to right-Second Brigade, Brigadier General (then

