
where it has been forced back more than a mile. Arrangements have been completed for attacking in force at every point at 5 to-day, but the weak point of the rebels is believed to be opposite the point where Gibbon and Birney are massed on their flank. The assault is to be conducted by Hancock in person. Whether Lee's entire army is here, or whether any part has been detached to Richmond, is a question concerning which we have no positive evidence. It is true that wherever we touch Lee he appears to be strong, but his lines are much shorter than ours and more concealed by woods, so that he can move from one point to another without our knowing it. Sheridan was last heard from at Smith's Mill, at 4 p.m. yesterday, successfully moving south. He had seen nothing of Stuart's cavalry, though hitherto they have been on Lee's right flank. Field returns of the Army of the Potomac yesterday showed actually present for duty 57,710 men, infantry and artillery. Total killed, wounded, stragglers, and missing in general being 27,621. This does not include cavalry-in round numbers 15,000. The Second Army Corps is diminished by 6,619, the First Corps 11,982, the Sixth Corps 9,023. Burnside's field returns of yesterday show for duty 18,818, infantry and artillery; 2,863 cavalry. Total present effective force of this army, including Ninth Corps, is thus 94,000 men. Of course great numbers of men who are lying around in the woods will soon return to their commands, but many of these are worthless for fighting purposes. This morning General Rice was severely wounded; General Stevenson, Ninth Corps, killed.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S., 4 p.m.-At 2 p.m. rebels fell in force upon Barlow, who with one division had been left by Hancock on the south side of the Po. Attack has been repulsed, but it has rendered it impossible for Barlow to cross to north side of the river. Birney has been sent to his support and Warren ordered to attack for his relief.

C. A. DANA.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 11, 1864-7 a.m. (Received 7 a.m, 12th.)

The battle yesterday resulted in important advantages to us, though it was less decisive than we had hoped. The assault, which was to have been made along the whole line at 5 p.m., was delayed by enemy's previous attack upon Barlow's division, of Hancock's corps, upon our extreme right. This attack was made by Heth's division, and was repulsed with great slaughter. Barlow had withdrawn his artillery to the north side of the Po, with exception of one or two pieces, which were out of position when Heth's masses came upon him. They were allowed to come within short range, when they were moved down by Barlow's musketry. This was repeated, with same result. Barlow then completed his withdrawal north of the Po, leaving his wounded, who were numerous, and one piece of artillery upon the ground. Rebels made no attempt to follow him across river except by sending over some skirmishers, who were promptly driven back. The general assault took place about 6.30 p.m. I witnessed it in Warren's front, where it was executed

