
Colonel) E. Upton; First Brigade, Colonel H. W. Brown, Third New Jersey Volunteers; Third Brigade, Brigadier General D. A. Russell. The Fourth Brigade, Brigadier General A. Shaler commanding, had been left in the rear with the trains of the army. The skirmish line was moved with the greatest difficulty on account of the thick and tangled underbrush, which necessarily impeded the progress of a line, and after breaking it completely. Having made connection with the Fifth Corps, the troops remained in position till the next morning, having been engaged only in brisk skirmish firing. The Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Shaler, joined the division early on the morning of the 6th, and was massed in rear and right of the division. On the 6th a heavy skirmish fire had been kept up, but no general attack made. All day the enemy had left our picket-line, and had moved considerably to the right, their batteries enfilading our line from the right.

During the afternoon the Fourth Brigade and a part of the Second was moved to the right of the division, to the support of Brigadier-General Seymour's brigade, of the Third Division, reports coming in continually that the enemy were massing at this point. The line was lengthened out and necessarily weakened, particularly on the extreme right, which was in fact merely a line of skirmishers. Late in the afternoon the enemy rushed in upon and through the skirmish line, forcing the line of battle on the right to give way in some confusion. In this attack the enemy captured a considerable number of prisoners, among them Brigadier-General Shaler, commanding Fourth Brigade. During the night a new line was formed, the right crossing the plank road at a place some 4 miles from the river and facing it. During the 7th instant the line was held, the picket-line only being somewhat engaged.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the night of the 7th instant the division moved by the plank road and pike through Chancellorsville, thence to Piney Branch Church, toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and went into position in support of the Fifth Corps, the First Brigade, W. H. Penrose, colonel commanding, on the left of the line of the Fifth Corps, reporting temporarily to Brigadier-General Crawford; the other brigades on the right of the Fifth Corps, from left to right, as follows: Fourth Brigade, Colonel Cross commanding; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Russell; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General (then Colonel) Upton, Ayers' brigade being on its right. While in this position the enemy made a slight attack, which was handsomely repulsed. On the morning of the 9th the division was relieved by troops from the Fifth Corps and moved to the left, forming a line on the left of that corps. Major-General Sedgwick was killed on the morning of the 9th; Brigadier-General Wright assigned to the command of the corps, and Brigadier-General Russell to the command of this division; Brigadier-General Eustis to the command of the Third Brigade. The division was formed in two lines, the Second Brigade on the right, connecting with the Second Division of this corps, the Third Brigade on the left, and the First and Fourth Brigades in reserve. On the 10th orders were received to inspect the fronts of the line with reference to making an assault. General Russell, after a thorough personal examination, reported a favorable point in the vicinity of the Scott house. An assaulting column of

