
twelve regiments in four lines, seven from this division and five from Second Division, under the command of Brigadier-General (then Colonel) Upton, was formed in a woods immediately in rear of the picket-line, General Upton and the various regimental commanders having previously inspected the ground in person. The formation being competed a little before 6 p. m., the assault was ordered, and was made with great gallantry under severe musketry and artillery fire. The enemy's line of entrenchments was captured and some 1,200 prisoners, and for a time one of his batteries was held by us; but the enemy rallied, were re-enforced, and in turn drove us back from their line so brilliantly assaulted. The troops were at once withdrawn to their former position. It was supposed that an assault was to have been made by other troops on the right and left of the army, which did not take place.

On the morning of the 12th the division moved out with the other divisions of the corps to support the Second Corps, which had just made a successful assault on the enemy's line on the extreme left of the army. At this point the Second Corps was found to be hotly engaged with the enemy, particularly on the right, and General Russell was ordered to put in his division here, as it seemed to be required. The Second and Third Brigades were at once moved forward to the right of Mott's division, of the Second Corps, relieving a part of this command, which was considerably broken and disorganized by reason of the assault of the morning and the continued fighting following; the Fourth Brigade being put in at various points to fill up gaps along the whole line, while the First Brigade was moved to the extreme right, where they met with heavy loss during the severe fire which ensued as soon as the above movement was completed.

The position was held only by the most untiring vigilance and unceasing fire from the moment the troops first moved into position in the morning till about 3 a. m. on the 13th, when the fire gradually slackened and finally ceased, the enemy having given up his attempt to retake his works and having fallen back to some rear position. The Fourth Brigade buried 480 rebel dead in our front. This engagement of the 12th of May was the most stubborn and deadly battle of the entire campaign.

At noon on the 14th the division moved to the left, to a point on the left of the Ninth Corps. The Second Brigade, Brigadier-General (then Colonel) Upton, was sent across the Ny River to reconnoiter on the left of Burnside's corps. He advanced a mile or more, when he fell in with the enemy, who opened a battery, and advancing in turn drove Upton's command and two regiments, from the First Brigade, which had been sent to his support. The entire command then moved to the north bank of the river. On the afternoon of the 14th the division crossed the Ny and occupied the position the Second Brigade had been forced to retire from in the morning. On the morning of the 17th the division moved to the right, to the vicinity of the Landrum house, and went into position as support to the other two divisions of the corps which were to attack the enemy at 4 a. m. on the 18th; but the attempt proving unsuccessful the troops moved back to the Myers house, where they remained with but little change of position till the 20th, when we relieved the Third Division, of the Second Corps, on the extreme right of the army. This position was held till the morning of the 21st, when we again occupied the position on Myers' Hill.

