
THIRD EPOCH.

On the evening of the 21st the division moved by the left, via Guiney's Station and Pisgah Church, to the North Anna River, at a point called Jericho Bridge, arriving at this point at 11 p. m. on the 23d, and going into camp on the west bank.

The next morning at daylight crossed the North Anna and went into position on the left of the Fifth Corps, connecting on the right with Bartlett's brigade, Griffin's division. The First and Third Brigades were sent to the support of General Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps.

At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 24th moved to the right and front, along the Virginia Central Railroad, destroying it. During the day the division destroyed some 8 miles of the railroad, and at dark went into position on the right of the Second Division of the corps.

FOURTH EPOCH.

At daylight on the 26th the division was detached from the corps, recrossed the North Anna at Jericho Bridge, and moved with the trains to Chesterfield Station; from there by a forced march by night to Hamilton, crossing the Pamunkey River about 11 a. m. on the morning of the 27th, and joined the cavalry under Major-General Sheridan.

On the 28th moved a forward 3 miles, and massed in rear of the established line as a reserve. On Saturday, the 29th, the division was sent on a reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House, at which place we arrived late in the afternoon, having met with little or no opposition from the enemy's cavalry. During the night the Second Division joined us. On the 30th moved south some 6 miles, and late in the day went into position on the right of the Third Division, not far from, and facing, Atlee's Station. On the 31st some unimportant changes in position were made, and our pickets were engaged somewhat with the enemy, but no attack was made. On the night of the 31st moved to Cold Harbor, where we arrived about noon on the following day; went into position across the Gaines' Mill road, some 12 miles east of Richmond. At 5 o'clock, the Third Division having joined on our right, the Second Division on the left, an assault was made on the lines of the enemy, who had during the day thrown up strong pits and works. The formation of the division was as follows: From left to right, Fourth Brigade, First Brigade, Third Brigade, Second Brigade, all in two lines; the last moved forward most gallantly; those on the right of the road through thick wood; those on the left over an open plain for a half mile, under a terrible artillery fire, and, as they neared the breast-works of the enemy, received a terrific musketry fire, which prevented farther advance, excepting the extreme right of the line, which advanced to the enemy's works, capturing some prisoners; these were subsequently withdrawn. Works were constructed during the night, behind which the troops lay posted till the morning of the 3rd, when another advance was ordered and attempted along the whole line; but little ground was gained, however, and other works were immediately thrown up under sharp and deadly mus-

