
ketry fire. This position was maintained with frequent artillery duels and fusilades of musketry, particularly at night, until the evening of the 11th.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. DALTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major C. A. WHITTIER.

Numbers 149. Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Sixth Army Corps.+

The brigade has been engaged in all the engagements in which the Sixth Corps has participated from the Wilderness to Cold Harbor, Va.

The brigade has been engaged in all the battles in which the Sixth Corps participated from Cold Harbor, Va., to and before Petersburg, Va.

Numbers 150. Report of Captain Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH NEW JERSEY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,October 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 174, headquarters Sixth Army Corps, August 30, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Regiment New Jersey Veteran Volunteers in the operations included in the time between the crossing of the Rapidan to the embarkation of the corps at City Point, July 9, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The army broke camp at 4.30 a. m. of May 4, the Sixth Corps crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, the Fourth Regiment at 2.20 p. m., and went into camp near the Wilderness at 4.30 p. m.

May 5.- Broke camp at 6.20 a. m., and about two hours after commenced skirmishing, which was continued at intervals until 3.15 p. m., when, a charge being ordered, the enemy were driven some distance, the regiment behaving gallantly. At 7 p. m. another charge was made with like effect. The skirmishing continued nearly all night.

May 6.- At 2 a. m. the regiment was engaged in another charge, but was obliged to fall back to the second line at about 7 a. m., where breast-works were built at 7 p. m. After severe fighting, the enemy succeeded in turning the right flank of the army, causing a change of ours to be made. During the severe fighting, Major Wickers became detached from the regiment and was taken prisoner.

May 7.- The regiment was sent at 3 a. m. to re-enforce the right, build breast-works, which were left at 10 p. m. and a night march made toward Spotsylvania Court-House.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

