
SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.- Arrived near Spotsylvania Court-House, where a portion of the regiment was detailed for picket.

May 9.- At 3 p. m. a desperate assault was made on the line of which the regiment formed a part, which was handsomely repulsed; another assault was made at 11 p. m. with line effect.

May 10.- The regiment was detailed on the skirmish line from which it was relieved on the evening of the 11th.

May 12.- Engaged in a charge on the position of the enemy; after desperate fighting succeeded in taking the first line of works, but owing to a heavy flank fire which the line was exposed to were forced to fall back. The commander of the regiment, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Ewing, was severely wounded in this charge.

May 13.- Built breast-works, connecting at right angles with the ones captured on the 12th.

May 14.- Marched to Po River, and at 5 p. m. commenced skirmishing; crossed the river and established a skirmish line near the banks. On the 15th and 16th nothing of special interest occurred.

May 17.- Detailed on picket, where some slight skirmishing took place.

May 18.- Marched with the corps to the right of the army, and after remaining some hours returned.

May 19 and 20.- Engaged in building breast-works and marching to different points to support the line.

May 21.- Supported a battery and covered the movements of the rest of the army in its flank movements to the North Anna.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 22.- Marched all day.

May 23.- Detailed as flankers.

May 24.- Crossed the North Anna and took position in rifle-pits.

May 25.- Marched to road station on the Virginia Central Railroad, and assisted in destroying the road; in the afternoon marched back and built breast-works.

May 26.- Crossed the North Anna, marched to Chesterfield Station, issued rations, and continued marching all night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27.- Crossed the Pamunkey River at Hanovertown.

May 28.- The brigade detailed to support the pickets of the Second Division.

May 29.- Made a reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House.

May 30.- Marched and took position near the Totopotomoy River at 7.30 p. m.

May 31.- Moved about 1 mile to the left and threw up breast-works; in the evening went on picket, and at 12 p. m. withdrew.

June 1.- Marched to Cold Harbor, where the regiment was immediately sent on the skirmish line, where it remained the remained of the day-at intervals heavy skirmishing taking place.

June 2.- Rejoined the brigade in the breast-works.

June 3.- Took position in first line and threw up breast-works; an assault made in the morning.

