
June 4 to 12.- The regiment was engaged in the trenches; constant skirmishing going on all the time.

June 12.- Part of the regiment on the first line, which was left to cover the movements of the maim army in its passage to the James River.*

Respectfully, yours,

BALDWIN HUFTY,

Captain, Fourth New Jersey Infty., Commanding

Captain CHARLES R. PAUL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 151. Report of Brigadier General Emory Upton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., SIXTH CORPS,September 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade during the five epochs of the campaign of the Army of the Potomac, from the Rapidan to Petersburg:

FIRST EPOCH.

The brigade broke camp near the Hazel River at 4 a. m. May 4, 1864, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and camped on the plank road 2 miles beyond.

May 5, the march was resumed along the plank road toward Wilderness Tavern. The brigade was thrown out on a dirt road leading to Mine Run, to cover the right flank of the column while passing. Shortly after it moved by the left flank and formed in line on the left of the corps. About 11 a. m. orders were received to advance to the support of the Fifth Corps, then engaged with the enemy on the Orange Court-House pike 2 miles from Wilderness Tavern. The advance was made by the right of wings, it being impossible to march in line of battle on account of the dense pine and nearly impenetrable thickets which met us on every hand. After overcoming great difficulties on the march, connection was made with the right of the Fifth Corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Carroll, commanding Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, while riding a short distance in front of his regiment, came suddenly upon a group of the enemy, who fired upon him, killing him instantly. Two or three companies of his regiment, under Captains Boyd, Byrnes, and Lieutenant Gordon, immediately charged, gallantly carrying the hill on which the enemy was posted, and capturing about 30 prisoners. The position, although 200 yards in advance of the Fifth Corps line, was important to hold, and the line was accordingly established there. Shortly after the Third Brigade connected on our right. The woods in front and around our position had been set on fire by the enemy to prevent our advance. The ground had previously been fought over and was strewn with wounded of both sides, many of whom must have perished in the flames, as corpses were found partly con-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

