
own men in passing to the rear over the open field. Our officers and men accomplished all that could be expected of brave men. They went forward with perfect confidence, fought with unflinching courage, and retired only upon the receipt of a written order, after having expended the ammunition of their dead and wounded comrades.

May 11, the brigade made some unimportant changes of position. Early on the 12th it moved with the division toward the right flank of the army, but to the left again at 7 a. m., arriving in rear of the Second Corps at 9.30 a. m. The right flank of this corps being threatened, General Russell directed me to move to the right at double-quick to support it. Before we could arrive it gave way. As the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers reached an elevated point of the enemy's works, about 600 yards to the right of the Landrum house, it received a heavy volley from the second line of works. Seeing that he position was of vital importance to hold, and that all the troops had given way up to this point, I halted the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, faced to the front, and caused it to lie down.

Its left rested near the works connecting with the Second Corps, while its right, refused, lay behind a crest, oblique to the works. Had it given way the whole line of entrenchments would have been recaptured, and the fruit of the morning's victory lost, but it held the ground till the Fifth Maine and One hundred and twenty-first New York came to its support, while the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers passed on to its right. Shortly after the Third and Vermont brigades arrived. A section of Gilliss' battery, of the Fifth U. S. Artillery, under Lieutenant Metcalf, came up and opened fire, but was immediately charged and lost nearly every horse, driver, and cannoneer. The enemy charged up to his works within 100 feet of the guns, but a well-directed fire from the infantry behind the crest prevented his farther advance. At the point where our line diverged from the works the opposing line came in contract, but nigher would give ground, and for eighteen hours raged the most sanguinary conflict of the war. The point remained in our possession at the close of the struggle, and is known as the Angle. The brigade was relieved at 5.30 p. m. by Colonel McLaughlen's, of the Second Corps.

Captain Fish, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, was killed while gallantly performing his duty early in the action. He was a brave, zealous, patriotic officer, and had distinguished himself in every battle in which he had been engaged. Captain Lemont, of the Fifth Maine, the only one of seven captains who escaped in the assault of the 10th, was among the killed. I would also desire to mention, though not in my brigade, Major Ellis, of the Forty-ninth New York, and Major Truefitt, of the One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who by their gallant conduct excited the admiration of all. The former received a wound from which he has since died; the latter was killed. The country can ill afford to lose two such officers. After being relieved, the brigade was held in reserve, and after dark was marched to the right of General Ricketts' line, near the position occupied on the 9th. At 12 p. m. on the 13th the brigade, leading the division, moved to the left in rear of Burnside's corps to near the Anderson house. On the morning of the 14th it was ordered to cross the Ny River and seize Myers' Hill to the left and front of the Fifth Corps. Before reaching the position it had been carried by the regulars, whom we relieved. The brigade

