
was reduced to less than 800, and of these three regiments, the Fifth Maine, One hundred and twenty-first New York, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were required to continue the picket-line from the Fifth Corps to the river, leaving the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers in reserve. I sent a dispatch to General Wright, through Captain Paine, signal officer, that if the position was to be held, another brigade was necessary; but it could not be spared, and two small regiments, the Second and Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, were sent instead. A lookout was posted on top of the house with a field glass, to observe the enemy's movements. At the same time a breast-work of rails was thrown up in front of the house and out-buildings, there being no other means of fortifying at hand. About 250 yards to the front of the house was a wood, to the right of which, 800 yards distant, was a high hill. To the left of the house was a broad open field, on the far edge of which could be seen squads of cavalry. About 4 p. m. the lookout discovered infantry skirmishers on the hill described.

Apprehensive that the enemy's sharpshooters might occupy the point of wood nearest the house, Colonel Lessig was directed to move forward the Ninety-sixth and take possession. Two companies of the Second New Jersey Volunteers were sent in support, and the remained of the regiment sent forward to the works. Colonel Lessig had scarcely entered the wood before he encountered two brigades of infantry, forming to charge our position. He immediately fell back, while at the same time the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania and Tenth New Jersey were ordered forward. They were barely in position when the enemy's column emerged from the wood.

Simultaneously cavalry, with a battery of horse artillery, galloped on to the field to the field to the left of the house, which opened fire, nearly enfilading our line. The enemy was received with a well-directed fire, which checked his advance; but coming on in superior numbers, we were compelled to abandon the position. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was about 100. The enemy admitted a loss of 161 killed and wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Wiebecke, of the Second New Jersey Volunteers, a brave officer and thorough soldier, was killed. After dark the position was reoccupied by our troops.

May 15 and 16, the brigade remained at Myers' Hill. May 17, 8 p. m., marched back to the Angle, arriving at 5 a. m. on the 18th. Returned to Myers' Hill same evening. May 19, moved forward on Warren's left, and fortified. 10 p. m., the brigade leading, marched across Ny River to meet Ewell's attack. Morning of 20th relieved part of Birney's division, our right resting on Fredericksburg road. 21st, 4 p. m., returned to Myers' Hill. The same day the Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery was assigned to the brigade.

THIRD EPOCH.

Marched from Myers' Hill at 10.30 p. m. May 21; reached Guiney's Station 1.30 p. m. May 22, rested four hours; crossed Mattapony at 6.30 p. m., and camped at Lebanon Church. 23d, resumed the march; camped near Jericho Bridge on the North Anna at 12 p. m. The troops were much exhausted. 24th, crossed the North Anna at 6 a. m. and went into position on left of Griffin's division. 25th, moved to the right, crossed the Virginia Central Railroad at Noel's Station, and destroyed half a mile of the track.

