
FOURTH EPOCH.

Marched at 8 a. m. 26th; recrossed North Anna; accompanied trains to Chesterfield Station, arriving at 2 p. m. Resumed march at 8 p. m. toward Hanovertown. Crossed the Pamunkey River at 11 a. m. May 27, having made 27 miles since previous evening. May 28, moved up the river 2 miles, to rejoin Second and Third Divisions. May 29, made reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House. May 30, moved at daylight toward Richmond and bivouacked near Atlee's Station, 7 miles from Mechanicsville. Marched at 1 a. m. June 1 for Cold Harbor, arriving at 11 a. m. At 5 p. m. the brigade, connecting with Ricketts' division on the right and the Third Brigade on the left, was formed in four lines preparatory to an assault upon the enemy's entrenchments on the Richmond road. The quide was to be left. The Second Connecticut Artillery, under Colonel Kellogg, was drawn up in column by battalion, forming the front three lines. The Fifth Maine, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers formed the fourth line. At 6 p. m. General Ricketts advanced. No movement taking place on my left, I directed Colonel McMahon, assistant adjutant-general of the corps, brought me the order to advance without regard to the guide. The Second Connecticut, anxious to prove its courage, moved to the assault in beautiful order. Crossing an open field it entered a pine wood, passed was checked. For 70 feet in front of the works the trees had been felled, interlocking with each other and barring all farther advance. Two paths, several yards apart and wide enough for 4 men to march abreast, led through the obstructions. Up these to the foot of the works the brave men rushed, but were swept away by a covering fire. Unable to carry the entrenchments, I directed the men to lie down and not return the fire. Opposite the right of the regiment the works were carried, and several prisoners captured, among whom was Major McDonald, of a North Carolina regiment, who informed me that their flank had been turned. The regiment was then marched to the point gained, and, moving to the left, captured the point first attacked.

In this position, without support on either flank, the Second Connecticut fought till 3 a. m., when the enemy fell back to a second line of works. Colonel Kellogg, its brave and able commander, fell in the assault, at the head of his command. The loss of the Second Connecticut was 53 killed, 187 wounded, 146 missing; total, 386. June 3, another assault was ordered, but, being deemed impracticable along our front, was not made. From the 3rd to the 12th of June the brigade lay behind entrenchments. Nearly a constant fire was kept up by sharpshooters; but few casualties occurred. Lieutenant Gordon, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, aide-de-camp, was dangerously wounded in the head.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. UPTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

