
to conform its movements to that of the left. Heavy and continued firing was heard in that direction, but no general movement was made along the lines, which reached as far as the position held by this command. On the 9th Brigadier General D. A. Russell was assigned to the command of the Second Division, and Brigadier General H. L. Eustis assumed command of the brigade, and the troops were moved to the extreme left of the line. On the 10th the skirmish lines in our front were advanced, and during all the morning and part of the afternoon the brigade laid under a severe artillery fire. On the evening of that day, with other troops, under the immediate command of Brigadier-General (then Colonel) Upton, it charged the enemy's strongly entrenched position on Spotswood's farm, capturing two lines of works, several pieces of artillery, and a large number of prisoners. The earth-works and artillery were subsequently abandoned. No support coming on the left, the enemy completely turned that flank, and the command fell back to its old position. On this field Colonel Thomas M. Hulings and Lieutenant Colonel John B. Miles, of the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were killed, and Major Enoch Totten, Fifth Wisconsin, and George Fuller, Sixth Maine, wounded. On the 11th the command shifted its position several times to counteract supposed movements of the enemy and more completely cover the left of our lines. On the 12th at the right of the Salient in the enemy's works near Landrum's house, the brigade went into the fight at 7 o'clock to hold the position gained by the brilliant charge of the Second Corps, and fought continuously until after dark, suffering severely. Major Henry P. Truefitt, jr., commanding One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was killed early in the engagement, and the assistant adjutant-general, Captain C. H. Hurd, was also wounded. On the 13th congratulatory order from Major-General Meade was read to the command. On the 14th, at 2 a. m., the command moved, following the Fifth Corps, taking up a position on its left, near the Ny River, the troops fording that stream near the Anderson house and to the left of the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania Court-House turnpike. At 6 o'clock on the evening of the 15th orders were received to be in readiness to move forward and attack the enemy; the First and Third Divisions to from the attacking column, and the Second Division to act as a support. The enemy appeared to have made a demonstration on Major-General Burnside's front, and this movement is made to attract attention from that point. The orders were subsequently countermanded. On the evening of the 17th the command moves again to the vicinity of Landrum's house, where, shortly after daylight on the 18th, the enemy opens heavily with his artillery. Toward noon the brigade returns to the vicinity of its old position near the Anderson house. On the 19th the command, in obedience to orders, moves forward as far as possible without attacking the enemy. A new line of works is thrown up. Toward evening heavy and continued musketry is heard in the direction of the extreme right; orders received to move to the support of the troops engaged. Marched all night, halted at daylight on the 20th, near the Fredericksburg turnpike; relieved Major-General Birney's division, of the Second Corps; the entire brigade on picket; occupied the ground over which Rodes' division, of Ewell's corps, yesterday fought the heavy artillery division, commanded by Brigadier-General Tyler. A number of stragglers from Ewell's corps are taken by patrols from the brigade sent

43 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT I

