
to scour the woods in the vicinity in search of them. On the 21st returned to the vicinity of our old position across the Ny. On the evening of that day ordered to move. During the night the march is slow and tedious.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the 22nd continue the movement commenced last evening, reaching Guiney's Station, on the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, about 2 p. m.; crossed the Mattapony; continue the march through a flourishing section of country (Caroline County), and bivouac for the night in the vicinity of Flippo's. Move again at 5 a. m. on the 23d, coming within hearing of an engagement about 4 p. m. The march continued wellinto the night; the brigade with a battery sent off to cover a cross-roads. On the 24th cross the North Anna at Jericho Mills, first taking up a position near Fontaine's house, and subsequently moving to the left, to make a connection with the right of General Crawford's division, of the fifth Corps; brisk and lively skirmishing keep up all day. On the 25th moved toward Noel's Station; effectually destroyed 3 miles of the Virginia Central Railroad in the direction of Beaver Dam Depot. On the 26th recrossed the North Anna at Jericho Mills; accompany the train as far as Chesterfield Station, where the command remained during the day.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Just after night-fall resumed the march, following the Cavalry Corps, in the direction of Hanovertown, on the Pamunkey, a distance of 25 or 30 miles. Crossed that stream at the point designated above about 11 a. m. on the 27th; bivouacked near the stream. On the 28th moved about 2 miles out the Hanover Court-House. road and joined the corps, which was in position at that point, about 4 miles from Hanover Court-House. On the 29th moved, with the rest of the division, on a reconnaissance in the direction of Hanover Court-House; met squads of the enemy's cavalry; reached the vicinity of the Court-House toward night; the entire brigade on picket. On the 30th moved out on the direct road to Richmond, near the 17-mile post, where we remained until toward midday, when we moved toward the Mechanicsville and Richmond road, to make a junction with the Second Corps. Artillery firing quite brisk and skirmishing lively. On the 31st the brigade's skirmish line is engaged all day, but no general engagement takes place. At daylight on the 1st of June, having started during the night before, got fully under way in the direction of Cold Harbor. Reached that point about noon. At 5 o'clock a general attack was ordered, in which the brigade participated, suffering some loss. On the 2nd under a very annoying and heavy fire from enemy's sharpshooter. On the morning of the 3rd a general advance ordered. The lines are thrown forward by parallels for a considerable distance. From this date until the 12th the brigade remains in the same position, continuously receiving the fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, and vigorously replying to the same; at periodical intervals, during each day, both sides open with artillery, and fusillades of musketry rattle along the lines at night, inflicting no particular injury on either side, as both are firing from their entrenched positions. On

