
Numbers 154. Report of Brigadier General George W. Getty, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,October 13, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Division, Sixth Corps, in the operations against Richmond, Va., from May to July, 1864:

I.-WILDERNESS.

The division broke camp at Brandy Station at daylight on the 4th of May last, marched to and crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and encamped on Flat Bush Run, 2 miles from the ford; in position covering the Germanna plank road; pickets connecting on the right with the First Division of this corps, and on the left with the Fifth Corps. The division moved at 7 a. m. on the 5th to Old Wilderness Tavern, massed, and remained waiting orders until noon. At 10.30 a. m. Neill's brigade (the Third) was detached and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding First Division, who was about to advance on Robertson's Tavern dirt road, and did not rejoin the division until the 7th, after the battle of the Wilderness. For the share borne by them in that battle I would respectfully call attention to the brigade report herewith submitted. About 12 m., orders being received from Major-General Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, to hasten out to the junction of the Orange Court-House and Germanna plank roads to support the cavalry, who were being driven in from Parker's Store, the division marched rapidly out on the plank road for a mile and then took the Brock road, which crossed the Orange court-House plank road a mile in advance of the Germanna plank road, instead of the latter. On approaching the cross-roads our cavalry was found hastily retiring. hastening forward, with my staff, I reached the cross-roads just as the enemy's skirmishers appeared rapidly advancing to gain possession of this point. The presence of my small retinue, consisting of my staff and orderlies, standing firmly at the point in dispute, although under fire, served to delay their advance for a few minutes, during which Wheaton's brigade (the First) was brought up at the double-quick, faced to the front, and a volley poured in, which drove back the enemy's advance. skirmishers were then immediately deployed, and advanced a few hundred yards, until they encountered the enemy's skirmishers. The rebel dead and wounded were found within 30 yards of the cross-roads, so nearly had they obtained possession of it. Prisoners taken here reported Hill's corps, with Heth's division in advance on the Orange Court-House plank road, advancing. I immediately forwarded this information to Major-General Sedgwick, then commanding the corps. The division was formed in two lines at right angles to the Orange Court-House plank road, with Wheaton's brigade on both sides of the road, Eustis on the right, and Grant's (Vermont)brigade on the left. In obedience to orders, several attempts were now made to establish connection with the left of the Fifth Corps, but without success, owing to the fact that the enemy were in force between the division and

