
that corps. For two hours now, save the constant fire of the skirmishers, everything was quiet. Enemy were evidently getting into position and forming their lines.

At 3.30 p. m. the head of Hancock's column (the Second Corps) came up on my left by the Brock road, and as rapidly as possible were forming on the left of the division. Wheaton's brigade was now placed wholly on the right of the road. At this juncture orders were received from Major-General Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac, to attack at once without waiting for the Second Corps. This order was reiterated by Colonel Lyman, of General Meade's staff, in person. Accordingly the division advanced at once. A section of artillery from the Second Corps, under Captain Ricketts, was planed on the plank road, advanced with the lines, and did good service. Enemy were found in strong force immediately in front. Their lines outflanked the division, and though forced back some distance in the center, they held in the main their ground and repulsed every attack. The fighting was very heavy. About 5.30 p. m. the enemy charged and forced back our lines some 50 yards, when they were checked and repulsed. On the plank orad they got up to, and planted a color at, one of the guns of Ricketts' section, which, the horses being killed, could not be withdrawn, but were immediately driven back, and the gun retaken by a charge of portions of Grant's and Wheaton's brigades. It was with the utmost difficulty and only by the most stubborn fighting and tenacity that the division could hold its ground, outnumbered and outflanked as they were by the whole corps of A. P. Hill. But the Second corps, at length getting into position, advanced on the left and to a great extent relieved the pressure on my lines. Very heavy fighting, however, without either gaining or losing ground, was kept up until after dark. The division was then relieved by troops from the Second Corps and withdrawn from the front lines. At 6 a. m. May 6 the Second Corps attacked. This division formed in two lines on both sides the plank road, Eustis on the right, Wheaton in the center, crossing the plank road, and Grant on the left, advanced in support to Burney's division, Second Corps. The enemy were again encountered immediately in front, but after a short struggle were forced back. The troops pushed forward with renewed vigor. The enemy lost ground rapidly, and hundreds of prisoners came pouring in. A mile and a half in advance of the cross-roads Wadsworth's division, of the Fifth Corps, came sweeping in from the right, driving the enemy in great confusion and forming a junction with the troops, which had advanced on the Orange Court-House plank road. All pressed on after the almost routed enemy. Having advanced three-fourths of a mile farther a heavy artillery fire was encountered from batteries on the left of the road, but masked by thick shrub and pines. In compliance with orders from Major-General Birney, the division was moved wholly to the left of the plank road, but soon after, perceiving that there were but few troops on the right of the road, and that the enemy threatened to attack from that quarter, I moved Wheaton's and Eustis' brigades back to the right of the road. All this time we were steadily advancing, driving the enemy in some disorder, and capturing many prisoners, and had reached the point within half a mile of Parker's Store.

The threatened attack on the right now burst with great fury, the lines in front gave way, Wheaton and Eustis stepped into the gap,

