
II.-SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE.

On the night of the 7th May the corps moved through Chancellorsville and Piney Church to near Spotsylvania Court-House, reaching this point late in the afternoon of the 8th. In conjunction with the Fifth Corps an immediate but unsuccessful attack was made on the position of the army. This division held the left of the line, and, after the repulse, fell back to where the lines were first formed and intrenched. There was some skirmishing and artillery firing on the 9th, and the entrenchments were strengthened. Brigadier-General Eustis was relieved of the command of the Fourth Brigade by Colonel O. Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, in accordance with orders from headquarters Sixth Corps. On the afternoon of the 10th the Third Brigade and three regiments of the Second (Vermont) Brigade-Second, Fifth, and Sixth Vermont-were ordered to report to Colonel Upton, and took part in a charge made by twelve regiments, under command of that officer. The attack was partially successful. The first and second lines of the enemy's works were carried, and some 1,200 prisoners taken, but our forces were at length compelled to retire. The order to withdraw failed to reach the Vermont regiments until late at night, until which time they stubbornly held the first line of works taken, and repulsed very attack of the enemy. The division was withdrawn from the front line in the afternoon of the 11th, and soon after daylight on the 12th moved to the left to the support of Hancock's corps (Second), which by magnificent charge at daylight, had carried the enemy's works, capturing an entire division and many pieces of artillery. The enemy had recovered from their surprise and were making desperate effort to recover their lost ground, when the division reached the scene of action and was at once put in at the point known as the Angle, near the center of the lines engaged. This appeared the key-point to the position, and for sixteen hours was the object of attack after attack by the enemy. The division held tenaciously to the works, and about 2 a. m. on the 13th the enemy withdrew and gave up the contest. In this battle the losses in the division were very heavy, being only surpassed by those in the Wilderness.

Major Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general, was severely wounded in the thigh in the morning. During the night of the 12th the division was withdrawn a short distance to the rear, where it remained the following day. Grant's (Vermont) brigade, however, moved to the extreme right of the army, remained there during the night, and rejoined the command on the 13th. At 3 a. m. on the 14th the division moved to the extreme left of the army, and went into position on the Ny River, where, having thrown up entrenchments, it remained the three days following. On the night of the 17th the division moved back to the Angle, and having formed in columns of brigades in the following order from front to rear, Wheaton's (First), Edwards' (Fourth), Bidwell's (third), and Grant's of the (Second), in conjunction with the Second corps and the remainder of the Sixth, made an attack at daylight on the enemy's position on the right and in front of the Angle. The attack was not successful, and the division was withdrawn and returned to the former position on the Ny. On the 19th the division advanced 1 1/2 miles, and intrenched. There was some skirmishing the two following days, but the lines remained unchanged. On the 21st the division, leaving a

