
strong skirmish line in front, retired to a line of works constructed three-fourths of a mile in rear, and after dark took up the line of march for the North Anna via Guiney's Station. At dark the enemy attacked the skirmish line, broke through at one point, but were finally repulsed by the Third Vermont, under Colonel T. O. Seaver.

III.- NORTH ANNA.

On the night of the 21st of May the division moved its position near Spotsylvania Court-Hose, and, marching all night, reached Guiney's Station at daylight. After a few hours' halts, the march was resumed to Harris' Store. The following day moved to the North Anna and encamped on the left bank near Jericho Bridge. During the 24th and 25th the division crossed the North Anna, advanced beyond the Virginia Central Railroad, at Noel's Station, destroyed the road and recrossed the river. These movements were attended with considerable skirmishing.

IV.- COLD HARBOR.

Recrossing the North Anna at Jerich Bridge, after breaking the Virginia Central Railroad, the division marched on the 26th of May through Chesterfield Station to the Pamunkey, and encamped above Hanovertown. Early the following day the command crossed the Pamunkey, and, moving out almost 2 1/2 miles, threw up a line of entrenchments. During the 29th to 30th, inclusive, the division marched to near Hanover Court-House, assisted in breaking up the railroads at that point, and thence moved into position on Totopotomoy Cree, on the right of the army. On the first of June the corps moved from Totopotomoy Creek to Cold Harbor, and late in the afternoon assaulted the enemy's position. The division formed the left of the line and took part in the attack. On the 2nd of June took position on the right of the corps, relieving a division of the Eighteenth Corps. The next day, June 3, vigorous but unsuccessful assault was made on the enemy's works, the troops, however, gained a foothold close up to the enemy's lines, which they maintained, though exposed to a heavy and destructive fire, and at night secured by entrenchments. This position was held until the 12th, during which time the lines were advance by parallels to within 100 yards of the enemy's. For nine days an almost uninterrupted fire of artillery and small-arms was keep up on both sides. No spot was secure. By day the troops fought or lay behind their works, by night they threw up additional defenses. On the night of the 12th, leaving the pickets in front of the works, the corps moved back to a rear line, which had been constructed to secure withdrawal, and as soon as the road was cleared took up the line of march for the south side of the James.*

GEORGE W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

