
on picket, extending to Ely's Ford. The balance of the brigade was extended on the right (east) of the Germanna plank road and intrenched the position. Demonstrations of the enemy against the cavalry in the afternoon compelled the extension of the line a mile to the east, which I was desired to make by General Sedgwick (General Neill being reported sick).

The following casualties among officers and enlisted men occurred during the two days' fighting:

One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Colonel John W. Patterson, killed May 5; Captain Thomas E. Kirkbride, wounded May 5, died May 21; Captain James D. Kirk, wounded May 6; Captain Samuel L. Fullwood, wounded May 5; First Lieutenant and Adjt. Alexander P. Callew, wounded severely May 5; First Lieutenant Jacob Drum, killed May 5; First Lieutenant St. Clair Cooper, wounded severely May 5; First Lieutenant Thomas A. McLaughlin, wounded severely May 5.

One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers: Major A. H. Snyder, killed May 5; Captain A. C. Douglass, wounded May 6; First Lieutenant W. S. Leech, wounded May 5; Second Lieutenant E. C. Grace, wounded May 5 [died May 5].

Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers: Captain W. F. Davies, wounded May 5; First Lieutenant S. J. Dockslader, wounded May 6.

Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Captain Edward H. Rogers, wounded May 5, died May 6; First Lieutenant M. B. Goodrich, wounded May 5; Second Lieutenant H. L. Knier, wounded May 5.

Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Captain Martin Hammer, wounded May 5; First Lieutenant Mitchell McMurray, wounded May 5; First Lieutenant Louis Loistman, wounded May 5; Second Lieutenant Charles H. Wiedman, killed May 5.

ENLISTED MEN.

Regiment. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Aggregate.

62nd New York Veteran	 13	 31	 44

Volunteers

93rd Pennsylvania	 17	 34	 51

Veteran Volunteers

98th Pennsylvania	 8	 55	 63

Veteran Volunteers

102nd Pennsylvania	 23	 143	 166

Veteran Volunteers

139th Pennsylvania	 28	 124	 152

Volunteers

Total 	 89	 387	 476

SECOND EPOCH.

May 7, 8.30 p. m., moved with the rest of the division and corps in the direction of Cancellorsville, the march all night being very slow and tedious.

May 8, after an exhausting march to the cross-roads near Spotsylvania Court-House, we formed in the rear of the First and Third Divisions, which made an unsuccessful attack on the enemy's position at 6.30 p. m. The Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania and the One hundred and second Pennsylvania volunteers were at the same time extended to the left to prevent the enemy flanking the assaulting column. The nature of the position, its proximity to a swamp, the dense woods, the darkness of the night, and the entire ignorance of the relative position of the enemy made it useless to do anything until morning of the 9th, when the lines were reformed, connecting with General Eustis on the right and General Grant on the left, and intrenched. The driving in of our pickets at 3 p. m. by the enemy was the only event of moment during the day until 6 p. m., when

