
they recovered their original line and advanced still farther, supported by the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers as a diversion in favor of other parts of the line on the right. General D. A. Russell, commanding a brigade of First Division, and the senior brigade commander in the corps, was for a short time in command of this division, relieving General Neill by order of General Sedgwick; but upon the wounding of the latter, General Russell took command of the First Division vice General Wright, in command of the corps, and General Neill resumed command of this division. The night of the 9th was the first since the opening of the campaign in which the troops had an undisturbed rest.

May 10, at 7 a. m., five companies of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, under Major J. I. Nevin, supported the picket-line in a reconnaissance of the enemy's position. The brigade was held ready in the evening at 6 o'clock to support an assault by the First Division and parts of the Second and Ninth Corps. As an attack on our position was expected at night from information received from prisoners, the troops were obliged to sleep on their arms. At 10 and 12 p. m. and 3 a. m. of May 11 the pickets were attacked, but repulsed the force sent against them.

May 11, at 3 p. m., the brigade was withdrawn from its position and formed a half mile to the left, on the right of the Fourth Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Joseph e. Hamblin, for the purpose of advancing and reconnoitering the enemy's lines. This was subsequently suspended, and after digging rifle-pits returned to the position occupied in the morning.

May 12, 6 a. m., ordered to the left and south a mile to support the Second Corps, who occupied works captured at daylight. Advanced under a heavy artillery fire to within 50 yards of that part of the works still in the enemy's possession, generally known as the Angle or Slaughter Pen. Here we were exposed to a terrible musketry fire, losing heavily, including many valuable officers. At 10 a. m. that part of the line in front of my left which was greatly exposed to the enemy's fire from the pits still held by them, gave way, and I was obliged to send up the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, from my second line, to drive them back and retain the position. At the same time I sent the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers to the right and front to relieve a part of the Second Brigade, General Grant, and a part of the Fourth Brigade, First Division, under Colonel Joseph E. Hablin, which had exhausted their ammunition, and the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on the right and rear of them as a support and to guard against a flank attack. The One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers lost severely in this position during this severe engagement, sometimes called "the battle of the Angle," and one of the most severely contested actions of the campaign. All the regiments of my brigade behaved excellently well and fought with great spirit, although holding ground most disadvantageously opposed to an enemy strongly intrenched and close in our front, the distance in some places bring less than 60 yards. At 12 m. the Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers and two companies of the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers (the balance of that regiment being on picket a mile to the right), which had been in reserve, although in range of musketry and artillery fire, were ordered to relieve a part of the Second (Vermont) Brigade, on the left of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania. This was accomplished in

