
good order, and these regiment, including the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, held this position until relieved by a brigade of the Fifth Corps, under Colonel Bragg, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. At 1 p. m. the One hundred and thirty-ninth and One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers were relieved by a portion of the brigade of Colonel Smith, of the Third Division of this corps. The balance of the brigade was relieved by a portion of the Fifth Corps at 3 p. m., when I retired my whole command to the opening east of the enemy's works (the part still occupied by them), where they were somewhat shielded by the crest in front from the enemy's fire and they could rest and be supplied with ammunition. At 5 p. m. I was ordered to build a line of rifle-pits on the crest immediately in front, connecting with General Russell on the left and General Ricketts on the right, as a reserve line for defense, which was nearly completed, when, at 8 p. m., I was ordered, by a circuitous and tedious route, through the dankness, mud, rain, and woods, to the right of General Ricketts, which we did not reach until 11 p. m.

May 13, 5 a. m., a reconnaissance discovered the works which had been so tenaciously held the day previous vacated by the enemy. The brigade was marched at 10 a. m. to the left for rest and rations, opposite the position in which we fought on the 12th. At midnight the pickets exchanged a fire for nearly an hour, and several shells were thrown by the enemy into the camp.

May 14, 3 a. m., marched to the south and east to the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania pike in rear of Burnside's position. Remained from 9 a. m. till 5 p. m.k, when we moved to the south and west to Anderson's farm and supported, with the balance of the division, and advance by the First and Third Divisions across the River Ny to recover the ground lost by the First Division in the afternoon, which was completed without serious opposition before dark. At 9 p. m. went into bivouac south of Anderson's house.

May 15. On the morning of this day the Ninety-eight and One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers intrenched the front of the first line of battle. At 12m. sent One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers to support a reconnaissance of the First Division beyond the Ny River, which reported to General Russell for that purpose. Was not engaged, however, and returned to camp near Anderson's house next morning. Remained in the camp until May 17, when, at 8.30 p. m., the brigade moved with the rest of the division to the extreme right of the army opposite the Angle, mentioned May 12, and the scene of the obstinate fighting of that day, and formed at 3.30 a. m. May 18 on the right of the Second Corps. At 4.30 a. m., in conjunction with the Second Corps, on the left, we moved forward to assault the enemy's position, a quarter mole beyond his works vacated the 13th. The advance was conducted in good order, notwithstanding the many natural and artificial obstacles in the vicinity of the enemy's old line of pits, until we arrived within 300 yards of their new position, when they suddenly opened with canister and musketry. The brigade line extended from left to right in the following order: One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-second New York Volunteers, and One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The other brigades of the division were in successive lines in rear. The fire of the enemy was mainly directed to the One hundred and second and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, as they were exposed

