
through a large opening in the woods. At this point also the line was at right angles with an interior line of works, which had been vacated by the enemy and was untenable to us. The traverses and abatis in rear and front of these works and the severe artillery fire which enfiladed them rendered it impossible to keep the line connected, and the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers was moved by flank in rear of the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. As the Second Corps had been checked in its advance and its right had fallen back, leaving my flank exposed in its advance and its right had fallen my right, I deemed it unsafe to advance farther, and the brigade was halted where the above separation occurred-the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left and the balance of the brigade on the right under cover of the woods. The enemy continued to shell both positions for an hour, the brigade and the lines in support losing many men and officers therefrom. At 8 o'clock the brigade of Colonel Smith, of the Third Division, formed on the right. At 9 o'clock a staff officer of the division commander came for the first time to learn the situation of affairs, to whom I represented the impracticability of a farther advance. A short time after i received orders direct from the corps commander to withdraw, which was done successfully under cover of the woods. At 11 o'clock we marched, via Burnside's line, back to Anderson's farm, then across the Ny River tot he intrenched camp of the First and Third Divisions, from which, at 5 p. m., we moved to the front and left 2 miles, the brigade being the extreme left of the corps, and resting on the Ny, where we bivouacked for the night.

May 19, advanced at 5 a. m. 2 miles and formed line on the left of the division and right of Third Division. The country covered with small pine and brush. Slashed the timber in front and dug rifle-pits, connecting right and left; considerable skirmishing with the enemy, but no general engagement, offensive or defensive, followed. At 11 p. m. ordered to report with my command to General Russell, commanding First Division. Marched to the rear across the Ny and up the Fredericksburg road 3 miles in support of Birney's division, Second Corps, which had encountered and defeated a detachment of the rebel Ewell's corps found raiding on our line of communication. Bivouacked at 1 a. m. next day.

May 20, 5 a. m., moved northeast on Fredericksburg road 1 mile, and formed in rear of First Division, facing northeast. remained there until the following morning.

May 21, 10 a. m., received orders to return to the corps. When near the Ny the rear of the Fifth Corps was passing to the left, leaving the Sixth Corps on the right of the army. At 12 o'clock crossed the Ny, joining the Second Division between the First and Third Divisions on a new line facing northwest 800 yards in rear of the works occupied on the 19th. At 3 p. m. received orders to move by the left flank, following Third Division and Burnside's corps, to ward Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad. The movement was temporarily suspended, however, by an attack by the rebels on the pickets, driving a portion of them toward the line of battle. Two batteries under Colonel Tompkins checked their advance, and at dark the brigade with the troops on its right and left evacuated the position.

The following casualties occurred during the operations around Spotsylvania Court-House:

Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers: Lieutenant Colonel Thomas B. Hamilton, wounded May 12.

