
Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Captain Richard G. Rogers, wounded May 12, died May 14; Captain D. C. Keller, wounded May 12; Captain John Fritz, wounded May 12.

One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers: Captain W. P. Herber, wounded May 12; Captain J. L. McKean, wounded May 12; Captain R. Munroe, wounded May 12.

ENLISTED MEN.

Regiment. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Aggregate.

62nd New York Veteran	 ---	 2	 2

Volunteers

93rd Pennsylvania	 9	 64	 73

Veteran volunteers

98th Pennsylvania	 2	 21	 23

Veteran Volunteers

102nd Pennsylvania	 4	 34	 38

Veteran Volunteers

139th Pennsylvania	 12 	 75	 87

Volunteers

Total	 27	 196 	 223

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21, 8 p. m., marched southeast on the Telegraph road, keeping to the right of the trains and artillery. On account of the narrow roads the trains were continually blocked, rendering the march very slow and tedious. As the enemy had possession of the bridges over the Po and Ta Rivers we were obliged to make a detour via Smith's Mill.

May 22, 5.30 a. m., crossed the River Ny at Smith's Mill; turned northeast to the Bowling Great road, crossed the railroad and turning south halted near Guiney's Station at 8 a. m., where we rested until 4 p. m., at which hour we moved west, crossing Guiney's bridge at the confluence of the Ny and Po Rivers as far as Catlett's, then southwest to Madison's Ordinary, arriving there at 8 p. m., where the rest of the corps had gone into bivouac. Immediately upon arrival was ordered to the west to the crossing of the old Telegraph road in support of the cavalry in charge of Major Forsyth, eighth Illinois Cavalry.

May 23, 5 a. m., sent the Sixty-second New York Volunteers, Colonel D. J. Nevin, to support a cavalry reconnaissance down the Negro Foot road toward the North Anna River, which returned at 8 o'clock with the information that all the enemy's corps had gone by in the night. Joined the balance of the division and corps at 9 a. m., moving down the Telegraph road, crossing Pole Cat Run at 3 p. m., and halting until 4. At 5 were hurried forward to the support of the Fifth Corps, engaged on the south bank of the North Anna; arrived at the river at 7.30 p. m., but as the enemy had been repulsed did not cross but posted two lines of battle and bivouacked.

May 24, 4 a. m., marched across the river at Jericho Bridge and took position in rear of Fifth Corps, remaining thus until 5 p. m., when, the Fifth Corps having advanced, the intrenched line vacated by them was occupied by the Sixth corps; the brigade of regulars, General Ayeres, being relieved by this command.

May 25, 7 a. m., marched southwest to Noel's Station, on the Richmond Central Railroad, thence southeast toward Hanover Junction. Six miles from the junction the Fifth Corps occupied an intrenched line facing southeast. Formed on the right of that, facing south, and intrenched the position. Remained in that position until 9 p. m. of May 26.

