
FOURTH EPOCH.

May 26, 9 p. m., retired from the position indicated May 25 upon the road we advance; crossed Jericho Bridge, on the North Anna, and marched toward Chesterfield Station (northeast). In consequence of heavy rains the roads were wretched and the march slow and very fatiguing.

May 27, 4 a. m., arrived at Chesterfield Station, where rations were issued from the supply trains, which joined us at that point from Fredericksburg. 7 a. m., moved southeast in the direction of Hanovertown; turned from the main road near Niagara Church, going west, and bivouacked within a mile of Taylor's Ford, on the North Anna [Pamunkey].

May 28, 4 a. m., continued the march southeast; crossed Hornquarter Creek, and halted at the North Anna [Pamunkey], 3 miles north of Hanovertown, at 8 a. m. Crossed on a pontoon bridge, moved west a mile, relieved Torbert's cavalry division, and formed line north and south, facing west and intrenched.

May 29, up at 3 a. m., expecting an attack. At 6 p. m. this brigade, together with Fourth Brigade, under Colonel Edwards, were detailed from Second Division temporarily, and under my command ordered to report to and connect with General Russell, commanding First Division, who had gone at noon on a reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House. Joined and connected with his left in two lines facing south across Richmond pike near Mechump's Creek at 11 p. m.

May 30, 4 a. m., ordered by General Russell to march down the Richmond pike to the crossing of the Virginia Central Railroad at Peake's Station, or generally known as the battle-field of Hanover Court-House. Here the enemy's cavalry skirmishers were encountered, who fell back before our advance. The lines were deployed across the railroad and pike and skirmishers thrown out well to the front. The rest of the corps joined us there at 9 a. m. At 12 o'clock followed the balance of the corps, which retired northeast to Crump's Swamp, then south 4 miles to the road running northeast from Atlee's Station, where, at 6 p. m., we formed in two lines in support of First Division. At 9 p. m. moved half mile farther west and rested for the night.

May 31, quiet until 3 p. m., when this brigade was detached from Second Division and ordered to report to General Russell, commanding First Division. Moved south a mile and formed on the right of First Division, within easy range of the enemy's line, which was deployed behind Totopotomoy Creek. An attack contemplated at the time of our arrival was subsequently suspended.

June 1, at midnight received orders to move to Cold Harbor. As me brigade, with Harn's battery, composed the rear guard, we were not able to start until 4.30 o'clock next morning. Moved east, passing within the lines of the Second Corps at 6 o'clock and reached Haw's Shop at 11 o'clock, resting frequently on account of the extreme heat and dust. Moved south on the White House road to Old Church, then southwest to Matadequin Creek, where doubled up and rested the command, to allow Martindale's division, of the Eighteenth Corps (W. F. Smith), to pass. 5 p. m., received orders to guard the corps wagon train, which moved to within 2 miles of Cold Harbor and parked. At 8 o'clock received orders from General Wright to report to First Division in reserve, with the exception of one regiment (Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers), which

