
remained as train guard. Moved forward and formed second line to First Division and intrenched during the night.

June 2, 6 a. m., ordered to report back to General Neill, commanding Second Division, to the rear and right a half mile. 8 a. m., ordered forward to relieve in the line of battle Devens' division, of Eighteenth Corps. Sent the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Moody (who was mortally wounded in the movement), which advanced on the double-quick to the old rebel pit captured on the 1st by the Eighteenth Corps, and there laid under fire the balance of the day from a rebel work which enfiladed the position. Advanced the other regiments on its right and left within supporting distance and intrenched, forming the best line the nature of the ground would admit. My brigade then occupied all the front controlled by the Second Division (the other brigade being in three lines in reserve), and connected with the Third Division on the left, and Brooks' division, Eighteenth Corps, on the right. Received orders at 3 o'clock to assault at 5 p. m. This order was subsequently modified to rear 4.30 o'clock next morning.

June 3, 5 a. m., moved to the assault, taking the movement from the right, the line of regiments from right to left being as follows: One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel McIlwaine; One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain McKean; Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Kohler (Colonel Ballier being sick). The Sixty-second New York Volunteers, Colonel Nevin, remained in the rear, there not being room for it in the first line. The troops advanced with spirit, carrying the first and imperfect line of rifle-pits of the rebels running diagonally with our front; in the attempt to take the second line, however, they were repulsed with heavy loss. The One hundred and second and One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers found cover under the rifle-pit taken, which extended over their front, but the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers was without any protection, yet remained on the same line resolutely loading and firing, suffering all the while great losses. At 6 o'clock the left of the Eighteenth Corps fell back, and with it the right of the brigade, but it was immediately reformed and advanced, recovering the pits, which they held until relieved at 7 o'clock by a portion of the Vermont brigade, Brigadier-General Grant. The Ninety-eighth, One hundred and second, and One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers fell back for ammunition and rest to the line from which they started at 5 o'clock, where they remained all day, exposed to a fire of sharpshooters and artillery. At 3 p. m. an order was received from General Meade to suspend offensive operations and intrench as far to the front as possible. At dark the front line first occupied by this brigade, and subsequently by the Vermont brigade, was subdivided and 200 yards apportioned to my command, which was but imperfectly intrenched during the night by the Sixty-second New York Volunteers, Colonel Nevin.

June 4, constant firing all day and an enfilading fire from a battery a half mile to the right on a part of the enemy's line running diagonally with our front. General Neill, commanding

division, ordered a line established and intrenched farther to the front, which was done by the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers

44 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

