
during the night, besides building traverses on the second line. It was not until June 7 that any of the lines were tolerably protected against the enemy's artillery fire, at which time, by hard and constant labor night and day, and the building of traverses, covered ways, &amp;c., then men were protected while being relieved and while on duty. At this time, by an order from division headquarters, all the brigade, except sufficient to occupy the two front lines, were allowed to go into camp a half mile to the rear for rest and sanitary purposes. But even then they were subjected to the fire of the enemy's mortars, and but little rest, comparatively, was enjoyed while remaining in the vicinity of Cold Harbor. On the night of the 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th, furnished details to assist Fiftieth New York Engineers in the building of a small earth-work, pierced for four guns, in the rear of General Grant's front line, and to the left of my brigade. Furnished a detail of 420 men to work on a line of earth-works a mile to the rear and parallel to the general front June 11 and 12, to cover our retreat from that position. Evening of the 12th withdrew the troops in the trenches to the camp of the balance of the brigade, and the whole command to the rear line of entrenchments. The pickets were called in at 3 o'clock the following morning.

The following casualties occurred in this epoch:

One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Lieutenant Colonel William McIlwaine, wounded June 3, died June 6; Major Thomas McLaughlin, wounded severely June 3; First Lieutenant Andrew J. McIlwaine, killed June 3; First Lieutenant David A. Jones, wounded severely June 11; Second Lieutenant George Duff, wounded severely June 6.

One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers: Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Moody, killed June 2; Captain S. C. Schoyer, wounded severely June 2; Captain James J. Conway, wounded June 2; Captain J. G. Parr, wounded June 3; Captain W. W. Dyer, wounded June 9, died [June 13]; Lieutenant A. Watson, jr., wounded June 2; Lieutenant A. S. Warner, wounded June 3.

Ninety-eight Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers: Major J. W. Beamish, killed June 1; First Lieutenant E. Schwatlo, adjutant, wounded June 2, died [June 5]; Second Lieutenant John Heppler, wounded June 2.

Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers: Major W. Hubbell, wounded June 3, died of wounds.

ENLISTED MEN.

Regiment. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Aggregate.

62nd New York Veteran	 4	 12	 16

Volunteers

93rd Pennsylvania	 1	 3	 4

Veteran Volunteers

98th Pennsylvania	 6	 46	 52

Veteran Volunteers

102nd Pennsylvania	 5	 34	 39

Veteran Volunteers

139th Pennsylvania	 7	 36	 43

Volunteers

Total*	 23	 131	 154

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

