
Numbers 156. Report of Major Thomas McLaughlin, One hundred and Second Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Charlestown, Va., September 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the crossing of the Rapidan River until the embarkation on transports as City Point. It is, of necessity, incomplete, and perhaps inaccurate, owing to the regiment having in this period four different commanders:

FIRST EPOCH.

Battle of the Wilderness.

May 4.- 4 a. m., broke camp near Brandy Station, crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford, and in the evening bivouacked about 3 miles from the river and near the Brock road.

May 5.- At daylight resumed the march and about noon came on the enemy at the intersection of this and the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House plank road. The regiment was in second line of battle on the road, and not actively engaged until afternoon. About 3 p. m. the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers relieved the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the front line of battle. Shortly after the line was advanced the skirmishers, under Lieutenant Cooper, became engaged and lost heavily. The line pressed steadily forward for about threequarters of a mile, crossing a swamp under a destructive fire. On reaching the crest of the hill, the regiment halted and continued firing, losing very heavily until about 6 p. m., when the ammunition being exhausted the regiment was relieved and retired to the second line, and were supplied with ammunition. Loss in killed and wounded, 119. May 6.- At 5 a. m. advanced from the cross-roads, driving the enemy over the ground of the previous day's battle, and at least 1 mile beyond, at times moving by right or left flanks as occasion required, until, the enemy having succeeded in flanking us on our left, the regiment was forced to retire to the cross-roads. At 9 p. m. moved about 3 miles in the direction of the Rapidan River, and in the morning were sent on picket.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and operations in front of that place.

May 7.- At 12 p. m. were withdrawn and marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House, parsing through Chancellorsville, and on the afternoon of the 8th came up with the enemy in an intrenched position within 2 miles of Spotsylvania Court-House. A portion of the regiment was sent on picket, and at 8 p. m. the balance were ordered to their support.

