
At daylight of the 9th were ordered in, and at 8 o'clock of the same evening a part of the regiment relieved the pickets of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

On the morning of the 10th were engaged in a brisk skirmish with the enemy. In the afternoon of this day that portion of the regiment which was not on picket moved to the left, and went into the pits to support the pickets. An attack being anticipated on the left of the line, we were ordered still farther to the left, when, no assault being made, the regiment moved back to its first position. On arriving they were ordered to the right to support the Fifth Corps. Were in second line and not actively engaged, but were under fire of both musketry and artillery. Loss, 1 killed and 16 wounded. At 5 p. km. moved to the left and intrenched. After dark marched all night, and in the morning were but a short distance from the position of the previous evening.

May 13.- Part of the regiment on picket.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna and operations on that river.

May 14.- At 3 p. m. marched in the direction of the Ny River, and about 2 miles from the Court-House came upon the enemy, but did not engage him. At 5 p. m. arrived at Anderson's farm, on the Ny River, and bivouacked for the night.

May 15.- At 9 a. m. had inspection. This day received 68 recruits for the regiment; intrenched.

May 16.- At 9 p. m. moved and marched all night.

May 17.- Took a position in breast-works, enemy in front and strongly intrenched.

May 18.- About 4 a. m. the regiment in front line charged and took three lines of works, but the third line being untenable, we were forced to retire to our own works. Artillery firing unusually heavy. Loss, 4 killed, and 17 wounded. In the afternoon moved back, crossed the Ny River, and took a position on the south side.

may 19.- Moved on the enemy's left flank and intrenched. At 11 p. m. moved to the rear.

May 21.- Moved to the right, crossed the Ny River, formed line of battle in rifle-pits; heavy skirmishing in front. At 10 p. m. marched, and, on the morning of 22nd, halted near Guiney's Station, and lay there all day.

May 23.- At an early hour resumed the march, and at sundown halted and bivouacked on the north bank of the North Anna River. In the evening went into the rifle-pits, where the regiment lay all night. May 25.- At 8 a. m. moved forward, crossed the Gordonsville railroad at Noel's Station, the regiment as flankers for the brigade; marched about 2 miles; halted at Little River; line of battle formed, with the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers as skirmishers; were engaged skirmishing until night; at night intrenched on the skirmish line.

May 26.- Remained on the skirmish line, and at 2 p. m. of the 27th moved and recrossed the North Anna River, marching toward Hanover City; at 9 p. m. halted.

