
FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

May 28.- Moved at an early hour, crossing the Pamunkey River at --- Ford; marched about 2 miles and encamped and intrenched.

May 29.- At 5 p. m. moved to the right about 5 miles and halted until next morning.

May 30.- Moved at an early hour farther to the right; about 3 p. m. moved to the left and halted until next morning.

June 1.- Marched to Cold Harbor; the regiment on wagon guard.

June 2.- Moved to the right, and intrenched under a heavy artillery fire. Loss, 2 killed and 3 wounded.

June 3.- The regiment engaged in a charge on the enemy's works, which it partly succeeded in taking, but held its position until relieved. Loss, 6 killed and 39 wounded and 2 missing. Lieutenant Colonel William McIlwaine was mortally, and Major Thomas McLaughlin severely, wounded.

June 4.- Returned to the third line, and part of the regiment was detailed for picket.

June 5 and 6.- In the same position; some casualties from artillery fire.

June 7, 8, 9 and 10.- Nothing to record.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS McLAUGHLIN,

Major, Commanding.

Captain G. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 157. Report of Major Robert Munroe, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 139TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 4, 15864.

SIR: In accordance with orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of casualties and operations of my command from the 4th of May to the 9th of July, 1864:

Commissioned officers: Killed, 2; wounded, 12; died of wounds, 2; died of disease, 1. Enlisted men: Killed, 49; wounded, 303; missing in action, 9; died of wounds. 46.

FIRST EPOCH.

On the afternoon of May 4, 1864, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and halted for the night. On the morning of May 5 moved on the Old Furnace road, and, the regiment being in advance of the division, was ordered into line at the junction of the plank and mud roads, and was engaged with the enemy from that line

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

