
until evening. On the morning of May 6 was ordered forward on the right of the plank road, crossed to the left, and engaged the enemy. Was compelled to fall back on account of the Second Corps (Hancock's) breaking on our left; formed on the plank road, about 1 mile from the cross-road; moved up to the cross-road and supported the Second Corps. At 8 p. m. moved to the right, near the Old Furnace, and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 7th threw up a rifle-pit; at 1 p. m. moved about 1 1/2 miles to the extreme right, and built another rifle-pit.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the evening of May 7, 8.30 p. m., moved on the Chancellorsville plank road toward Spotsylvania Court-House; was formed in line of battle on the evening of the 8th, but was not engaged. May 9, built a rifle-pit, and remained in the pit until 12 m. On the 11th moved to the left to support a charge, which, for some reason, was not made; at dark fell back to the rear and remained all night. Daybreak may 12 we moved to the left, and, at an early hour, engaged the enemy. The regiment lost very heavily in enlisted men. At dark moved to the right, and bivouacked for the night. 3.30 p. m. May 13 took up a position on the left, near where we fought yesterday. May 14, at daybreak moved to the Anderson farm, and rested here for the night. May 15, 1 p. lm., the regiment moved to support a reconnaissance to the Ny River, and rested for the night. 16th, all quiet; at dark a detail of 2 officers and 60 men went on picket across the river. 17th, the regiment crossed the River Ny, and remained there until 10 p. m., and recrossed the river and moved to the right. May 18, at daybreak the regiment was formed in the front line; suffered considerably from shells. 11 a. m., fell back. 2 p. m., moved to our old position near the Ny River. May 19, moved at daybreak; halted at 7 a. m. and intrenched; moved again at 10 p. m. toward the right. May 20, 2 a. m., halted near the point where the enemy charged on our wagons on the Fredericksburg road; moved at 11 a. m. to the front, and remained for the night. May 21, 10 a. m., moved across the Ny River. 1 p. m., was thrown in line of battle, and completed a rifle-pit; the enemy charged our skirmish line, but was repulsed. 10 p. m., moved in a southerly direction.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 22, 9 a. m., halted near Guiney's Station, on the Fredericksburg railroad. 3 p. m., took up line of march and halted at 10 p. m. for the night. This regiment, with the Sixty-second New York Volunteers, was sent forward to the front with orders to hold a road. May 23, moved at 9 a. m. After crossing a stream we halted and formed line of battle; moved at 4.30 p. m.; marched very fast until dark, when we halted near the North Anna, and restaff for the night. May 24, moved at daybreak, crossed the river at Ox Ford Mill 4.30 a. m.; laid near the river until 6.30 p. m.; moved forward to second line of battle in a rifle-pit. May 25, moved at 8 a. m. about 2 miles in front of the rifle-pits, near Little River; remained here all night. May 26, laid all day in the pits; at 8 p. m. fell back and crossed the North Anna; had a very hard march through the mud; marched all night.

