
of so great a loss of Vermont's nobel sons, but it is with a certain pride that I assure you there are no dishonorable graves. The brigade has met the enemy in his strongholds, attacked him under murderous fire, and in the very face of death has repulsed with great slaughter repeated and vigorous attack upon our lines, and on no occasion has it disgracefully turned its back to the foe. The flag of each regiment, though pierced and tattered, still flaunts in the face of the foe, and noble bands of veterans with thinned ranks, and but few officers to command, still stand by them; and they seem determined to stand so long as there is a man to bear their flag aloft or an enemy in the field.

I will forward you a list of subsequent casualties, and a full account of each day's engagement as soon as possible. This is the seventh day of fighting and the end is not yet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Commanding Brigade.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BRIGADE,August 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this brigade crossed the Rapidan May 4, 1864, and encamped 2 miles south of Germanna Ford. On the morning of May 5 we marched to Old Wilderness Tavern and halted several hours. Soon after noon this brigade and two others (the First and Fourth) of this division, Brigadier-General Getty commanding, were detached from the Sixth Corps and ordered forward across the old pike and along the Brock road to where it crosses the plank road leading from Chancellorsville to Orange Court-House. Upon arriving at the cross-roads, the First Brigade became engaged with the enemy's advance, which was coming down the plank road, driving before it a force of our cavalry. The point having been gained, this brigade passed the First brigade and took position in two lines on the left of the plank road. Captain C. J. Ormsbee, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, with Companies D and K, of that regiment, held the skirmish line. The Fourth Vermont, Colonel George P. Foster, and the Third Vermont, Colonel T. O. Seaver, constituted the first line. The Second Vermont, Colonel Newton Stone; the Sixth Vermont, Colonel E. L. Barney, and the Fifth Vermont, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Lewis, constituted the second line. A section of artillery occupied the road, and the other two brigades took position on the right. As soon as this brigade took position, the regiments commenced throwing up rude defensive works, which subsequently proved of great value. The Second Corps, Major-General Hancock commanding, was moving up from the left. But a few regiments only had got into position; an order came for us to make an immediate attack. The skirmish line and two lines of battle were simultaneously ordered forward. All advanced promptly to the attack, except the left of the skirmish line, which, for some unknown cause, failed to advance with the rest. It was doubtless owing to the want of a prompt communication of the order along the skirmish line. Captain Ormsbee was at the time attending to his

