
duties near the right of the line. The ground was covered with brush and small timber, so dense that it was impossible for an officer at any point of the line to see any other point several yards distant. The brigade had advance but short distance before the skirmish line on the right, and very soon thereafter the Fourth Regiment became engaged. The Third Regiment moved obliquely to the left, passed the skirmish line, and became engaged a short time after the firing upon the right had commenced. About this time the artillery opened fire, and the engagement became general along the line of the three brigades. The enemy had but few or no skirmishers out, and, with the exception of the skirmishing of short duration on our right, the engagement commenced with terrible volleys of musketry from both sides. The Second and Sixth Regiments moved up promptly to the support of the Fourth and Third, respectively, and the Fifth held a position farther to the left. As soon as the first volleys were over, our men hugged the ground as closely as possible, and kept up a rapid fire; the enemy did the same. The rebels had the advantage of position, inasmuch as their line was partially protected by a slight swell of ground, while ours was on nearly level ground. The attempt was made to dislodge them from that position, but the moment our men rose to advance the rapid and constant fire of musketry cut them down with such slaughter that it was found impracticable to do more than maintain our them present position. The enemy could not advance on us for the same reason. The Second Regiment crept forward upon nearly the same line of the Fourth, and both regiments poured a constant and destructive fire into the enemy's line. The Third Regiment retired a short distance, and the position was firmly held by the Sixth. The condition of affairs was represented to General Getty, and by his order to Major-General birney, then commanding the right of the Second corps, who expressed a readiness to render us all the support in his power. Accordingly three regiments moved in to our support. One took position in rear of the Second and Fourth, and subsequently a portion of it went to the rear; two others took position in rear of the Fifth. I went to Major Dudley, commanding the Fifth (Colonel Lewis having been previously wounded), and called his attention to the fact that the position of the enemy in his front was less protected than it was in front of the rest of the brigade, and asked him if he could, with the support of the two regiments in his rear, break the enemy's line. "I think we can," was the reply of the gallant major. I wento to the commanders of those two regiments, and asked them to support the Fifth in its advance. The men rose and with a cheer answered, "We will." the order for the charge was given, and all advanced in good style, and the enemy partially gave way. The two rear regiments were thrown into some confusion, and soon halted and laid down, and Major Dudley, finding his regiment far in the advance, and exposed to a flank fire, wisely did the same. Our ammunition soon became well nigh exhausted, and a force from the Second Corps was sent in to relieve us. The regiments on the right were relieved first. As soon as the Second and fourth were relieved and ordered to retire the enemy pressed forward and occupied the ground. So sudden was the enemy's advance that the staff officer who was sent to order back the Fifth fell into the hands of the enemy. The Fifth finding itself flanked judiciously retired. The brigade fell back to its former position on the Brock road. The Second Corps now held the front; darkness soon came on and the firing ceased.

