
and Fourth Brigades went back to join the Sixth Corps. It was said that this brigade could not be relieved from the important position it held until morning, when it could join our corps.

May 7, in the morning, there was only skirmishing in our front, and parties were sent out to collect and bury our dead. I made application to join our corps, and was informed that orders in that respect had been changed, and that the brigade must remain. Under direction of Major-General Birney, commanding, I sent a strong skirmish line, under command of Major Crandall, of the Sixth Vermont, to drive back the skirmishers, and ascertain the enemy's position farther up the plank road. Major Crandall drove them back sufficiently far to ascertain that the main body had retired. He captured a large number of muskets, which the enemy had collected from the battle-field of the day before, and was drawing away. General Birney sent out teams and brought them in. This skirmish line was afterward relieved and another sent out from the Fifth Vermont, under command of Major Nelson, of the Third Vermont. In the afternoon orders came to join the Sixth Corps. The Sixth Corps was at this time on the extreme right of the army, with its right thrown back facing the Rapidan. We joined the corps about sundown, and soon after dark commenced the flank movement forward Spotsylvania, via Chancellorsville.

It is, perhaps, a fact worthy of note that the key-point to all the movements of that portion of the army was on the plank road, which position the Vermont brigade held during the entire engagements. In the maneuvering of troops at one time three regiments of the brigade were placed on the right a short distance from it, but they were almost immediately ordered back by General Hancock. For their gallant conduct my thanks are especially due to the regimental commanders.

The list of killed and wounded contains the names of some of the most valuable officers in the service. Colonel E. L. Barney, Sixth Vermont, who fell seriously wounded in the head and survived only a few days, was one of Vermont's purest and best. He was always prompt and faithful in the execution of his duties. In camp and field he was a good disciplinarian and a gallant officer, and on every occasion he exhibited in himself the highest type of a Christian gentleman.

Colonel Nexton Stone, Second Vermont, whose dead body was brought from the field the night of the first day's battle, had but recently been promoted to his command. He was a good officer, gallant by nature, prompt in his duties, and urbane in his manner. He was beloved by his command and all who knew him. Lieutenant Colonel John S. Tyler, Second Vermont, who received a severe wound, and subsequently died from its effects, was a young officer of great promise. Always cool, especially in battle, he could be relieved upon. His loss in deeply felt. Of the captains who were killed, or have subsequently died from the effects of wounds, there were Capts. Orville Bixby, of the Second Regiment; Enoch H. Bartlett and Erastus Buck, of the Third Regiment; J. W. D. Carpenter, Dennie W. Farr and Daniel Lillie, of the Fourth Regiment; A. R. Hurlbut, George D. Davenport, and Charles J. Ormsbee, of the Fifth Regiment; Riley A. Bird, and George C. Randall, of the Sixth Regiment, each and all of whom were valuable officers. It is no disparagement to those who service to say that the places of these captains cannot be filled. Lieutenant Abel Morrill, Third Regiment;

