
Isaac A. Putnam, Thomas Ensworth, Winfield S. Wooster, and W. H. Martin, of the Fourth Regiment; Orris H. Sweet and Watson O Beach, of the Fifth Regiment, and Albert A. Crane, of the Sixth Regiment, all offered up their lives as a sacrifice to our holy cause. Colonel George P. Foster, of the Fourth Regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Lewis, of the Fifth Regiment, officers whom Vermont may well delight to honor, were both severely wounded. Colonel Lewis lost his left arm. Capts. Elijah Wales, P. E. Chase, D. S. White, E. G. Ballou, W. H. Cady, and Lieuts. J. P. Sawyer, James Allen, George W. Bridgeman, and E. N. Drury, of the Second Regiment; Captain H. W. Floyd, and Lieuts. Henry C. Miller, Charles E. Osgood, and Richard P. Goodall, of the Third Regiment; Capts. George H. Amidon, A. W. Fisher, and Lieuts. George B. French, E. W. Carter, J. B. Brooks, L. B. Scott, William C. Tracy, W. W. Morton, and L. Richardson, of the Fourth Regiment; Capts. F. H. Barney, W. B. Robinson, and Lieuts. Miner E. Fish, W. G. Davensport, and L. J. Brownson, of the Fifth Regiment, and Captain C. W. Dwinell, and Lieutenant S. H. Lincoln, of the Sixth Regiment, all received honorable wounds.

Justice requires special mention of the officers of my staff. They fearlessly exposed themselves to all the dangers of battle whenever and wherever duty called them. Lieutenant J. J. Bain, Second Vermont, acting aide-de-camp, received a severe wound in the face while in the discharge of his duties, and Lieutenant Horace french, acting aide-de-camp, had his horse shot, and was captured by the enemy while going to deliver an order to the Fifth Regiment. Those casualties occurred in the battle of the first day, leaving Captain A. Brown, Fourth Vermont, assistant inspector-general, alone upon the staff during the remainder of the battles of the Wilderness, and most gallantly and nobly he performed the duties of three officers. It was an occasion which called for unusual abilities, courage, and powers of endurance, and Captain Brown was found fully equal to the occasion.

Honorable mention ought also to be made of Corpl. Thomas J. Miller, Company K, Third Vermont, and Privates Thomas J. McCally, Company F, Second Vermont; and James R. McGibbon, Company H, Fifth Vermont, mounted orderlies, who were constantly employed in carrying and delivering orders, and who performed their duties with a promptness, courage, and intelligence for which any staff officer might well be commended. Sergt. Isaac M. Burton, Company E. Fifth Vermont, is also honorably mentioned for seizing and safely carrying the colors of the regiment after they had been shot from the hands of the color-bearer. It would be a pleasure to mention at length individual cases of daring and noble heroism, but when all did so nobly it is impossible to further particularize.

It was a terrible struggle-a time which truly "tried men's souls." The memory of those who fell will be sacredly cherished among the true and tried patriots of Vermont; and those who survive, well may proudly say, "I, too, was in the battles of the Wilderness."

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

