
command of the attacking column was given to Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Upton. I was ordered to send three regiments, under command of a proper officer, to report to Colonel Upton. Accordingly, I sent the Second Vermont, Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Pingree; Fifth Vermont, Major Dudley, and the Sixth Vermont, Lieutenant Colonel O. A. Hale, all under the command of Colonel T. O. Seaver. The charging column was composed of several lines of battle, of three regiments each, the three Vermont regiments being placed by Colonel Upton in the rear line. The charge was at first successful. The first lines carried the first line of rebel works and took over 1,000 prisoners, but were driven back by the enemy. The Vermont regiments, under Colonel Seaver, advanced and, under a most galling fire, occupied the rebel works, while the other regiments of the attacking column fell back. Orders were given for all to fall back, but it failed to reach a portion of the Second Regiment, and some from each of the others, who remained in the works obstinately holding them against all attacks of the enemy until late in the evening, refusing to fall back until they received positive orders to do so. The four companies of Third Vermont on the skirmish line, advanced with the attacking column, and a portion of them remained in the rebel works until the last. After the charge the skirmish line was re-established.

May 11, the brigade remained in nearly the position it occupied before the charge. Skirmishing continued active and artillery practice was of constant occurrence. About dark the brigade was taken out of its position and massed in the rear.

Early in the morning of May 12 the brigade moved with the corps to the left to co-operate with the Second Corps. Soon after the movement commenced General Hanconk made his celebrate charge, capturing 2 general officers, several guns, and many prisoners. This charge no doubt took the enemy by surprise. He soon rallied his forces and undertook to retake the lost position, and as the brigade marched into position it did it under a terrific fire from the enemy's batteries, and quite a number of men were injured. I was ordered to the extreme left of the Second Corps (which was the extreme left of the Army of the Potomac) to relieve General Barlow's division from the front line. Upon arriving at the point designated, the brigade formed in two lines of battle, threw out skirmishers, and commenced fortifying under a brisk fire of musketry and artillery. The works and position just taken by the Second Corps were now geld by the Sixth corps, and the enemy was making desperate attempts to retake them, hurling forward troops in great force. The most desperate efforts were being made at a point near the center of the Sixth Corps, usually known as the Angle, to which point from the left we held the rebel works, and from which to the right the enemy held them. Brigadier-General Russell commanded the division in the center, and was being severely pressed. General Hancock directed me in person to take the regiments composing the second line of the brigade, and go to General Russell's assistance, at the same time promising to send the rest of the brigade as soon as he could order down troops of his own to relieve them. Accordingly I left the front and skirmish line in command of Colonel Seaver, and took the regiments of the rear line to the Angle, and was then ordered to the support of General Wheaton, commanding a brigade farther to the right. I found General Wheaton trying to advance amidst thick brush, and in the face of a deadly fire from rebel rifle-pits. The regiments moved up promptly to the support

