
of Wheaton's brigade, and one regiment, the Fourth Vermont, under Major Pratt, took and held the front line. It was found impossible, with the force at hand, to carry the works on the right by a direct attack, and that the enemy were gaining advantage at the Angle. Leaving the Fourth Vermont in command of General Wheaton, I went back to the Angle. About the same time Colonel Seaver came up from the left with the balance of the brigade, and it was all put into the engagement at that point except the Sixth Regiment, which was held in reserve in the rear of a swell of ground. This was a key-point to both armies, and the fighting was of the most desperate and determined character. This point held and the whole line of works must necessarily fall into the hands of the victorious party. It was emphatically a hand-to-hand fight. Scores were shot down within a few feet of the death-dealing muskets. A breast-work of logs and earth separated the combatants. Our men would reach over the breast-works and discharge their muskets in the very face of the enemy. some men clubbed their muskets, and in some instances used clubs and rails. Several times during the engagement those who occupied the other side of the works, finding escape impossible, would raise the while flag, and when our fire slackened would jump over the works and give themselves up. About 200 prisoners were taken in this way, and each time a batch came in the enemy would rush forward others in their place who, in turn, would soon show a disposition to come over. In this way the brigade was engaged for about eight hours, when it was relieved and marched to the rear. In this engagement our loss was heavy, but the point was held, and the whole line of rebel works fell into our hands. The slaughter of the enemy was terrible. The sight the next day was repulsive and sickening, indeed. Behind their traverses, and in the pits and holes they had dug for protection, the rebel dead were found piled upon each other. Some of the wounded were almost entirely buried by the dead bodies of their companions that had fallen upon them. Many of the dead men were horribly mangled, and the logs, trees, and brush exhibited unmistakable signs of a fearful conflict. The rebel account of a tree over a foot in diameter being cut off by minie-balls is attested to by several Union officers. After dark the brigade marched round to the extreme right, and, feeling its way through dense woods, took position for the night.

May 13, there was only skirmishing, and only a small portion of the brigade was engaged. Toward evening we marched to the left and took position near the scene of strife the day before.

Early in the morning of the 14th the Sixth Corps marched several miles to the left, passing completely around the Second, Ninth, and Fifth Corps, and took position near the Anderson house, on the Ny River, this brigade holding the extreme left of the army.

May 15, there was no fighting by this brigade. Our arms were strengthened and hearts made glad by the arrival of the Eleventh Vermont, Colonel Warner, a noble body of men, 1,500 strong. Two companies of conscripts were also added to our number.

May 16, the brigade quietly rested in camp. By direction of Brigadier-General Neill, commanding the division, Colonel Seaver, with his own and a massachusetts regiment, made a reconnaissance in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, to ascertain the position and force of the enemy.

