
May 17, the Second Corps left its position on the right of the army, and, in view of the enemy, marched around toward the left and massed in rear of the Sixth Corps. After dark that night the Second and Sixth Corps both marched back to their former position on the right.

At daylight on the morning of the 18th both corps charged the enemy's position. This brigade was formed in two lines of battle, the old regiments in front and the Eleventh Regiment constituting the second line. Three brigades, each formed in one line of battle, were in our front. An advance of about half a mile was made under heavy artillery fire. This brigade (constituting the fourth and fifth lines) came up on the first line in the advance and halted. No farther advance was made, and the troops in our front retired. After holding the front line for some time, the whole command was ordered to retire, which was done in good order. Our loss, though not so heavy as in other engagements, was considerable, principally from artillery. The corps then marched back to the Anderson house, crossed the Ny River, and took position on the left again.

Early May 19 the brigade advanced with the rest of the corps about 1 mile, and fortified its position, and remained substantially in the same place two days. The skirmish lines were more or less engaged during the time. About noon of May 21 we moved about three-fourths of a mile to the rear and occupied works which had been partially built during the night. A strong skirmish line was left in the front works. The rest of the army was moving toward the North Anna River and the Sixth corps was preparing to follow. Just before dark a strong force of the enemy attacked our skirmish line, composed of different commands, and broke the line. Colonel Seaver was ordered out with his regiment to drive the enemy back and re-establish the line. This was gallantly done, and several prisoners were captured. That night the corps marched toward Guiney's Station, thus ending the operations in the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House.

In the bloody engagements of Spotsylvania we punished the enemy severely, inflicting upon him great losses. Our losses were severe, but in numbers were much less than in the Wilderness.

Major C. P. Dubley, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, who died from the effects of wounds, was a brave and gallant officer. He was in the celebrated charge of May 10, and was wounded while cheering forward his men at a critical point in the battle. His loss is severely felt and deeply mourned. Colonel J. M. Warner was severely wounded in the neck while gallantly leading his regiment in the charge of May 18.

Capts. Rollin C. Ward, Second Vermont, John F. Cook, Third Vermont, and A. H. Keith, Sixth Vermont, and Lieuts. A. Worcester, E. A. Priest, O. V. Estee, and A. J. Robbins, Second Vermont, E. A. Holton, Sixth Vermont, and N. N. Glazier, Eleventh Vermont, all received honorable wounds in the noble discharge of their duty. Thanks are especially due to the regimental commanders heretofore named, and to Captain Dayton P. Clark, Second Vermont, who distinguished himself in the command of his regiment in the desperate hand-to-hand fight of May 12, Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Pingree being then in command of the picket-line on the right; to Captain E. A. Hamilton, Fifth Vermont Regiment, who commanded his regiment after Major Dudley was wounded, and to Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Benton, Eleventh Vermont, who commanded his regiment after Colonel Warner

