
was wounded. Special mention ought to be made of the officers and men of the Eleventh Vermont for their gallant bearing in the charge of May 18. This was the first time thay had been under fire, but they exhibited the coolness and noble bearing of Vermonters, and fairly stood by the side of the veteran regiments of the old brigade. The battalion commanded by Major Chamberlain, charged forward with the Third Vermont, on the left, and held an advanced position. Major (since Lieutenant-Colonel) Chamberlain, proved himself a gallant officer.

The officers of my staff are deserving of special mention. Captain A. Brown, of the Fourth Vermont, was always present rendering invaluable services. The others having been wounded or captured in the Wilderness Quartermasters A. J. Robbins, of the Second Vermont, Henry T. Cushman, of the Fourth Vermont, and Isaac L. Eells, of the Fifth Vermont, kindly volunteered to serve upon the staff during those engagements, and rendered most valuable services, fearlessly exposing themselves where duty called them. Quartermaster Robbins was seriously wounded in the engagement of May 12. Lieutenant C. H. Forbes joined us may 13, and was with us in the charge of May 18.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS VERMONT BRIGADE,September 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the movements and engagements of this brigade from the time it left Spotsylvania, May 21, to the time it left Cold Harbor, June 12, 1864:

From Spotsylvania we marched all night, and halted a few hours the next day near Guiney's Station, and then continued the march to Harris' Store, where we rested for the night.

May 23, we marched to the North Anna, making a forced march the last 4 or 5 miles. The Fifth Corps having effected a crossing, was attacked by the enemy, and we hurried forward to its support, but on arriving at the river the enemy had been repulsed, and we encamped that night on the north side. On the morning of May 24 we crossed the North Anna, and remained on the south side of that river two days, advancing as far as Little River, skirmishing with the enemy some, and destroying a considerable distance of the railroad near Noel's Station, but we were so near the right of the army that we did not become seriously engaged. On the night of May 25 we recrossed the North Anna near Jericho Ford, and marched through deep mud to Chesterfield Station, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad. The march was continued May 26, and on the 27th we crossed the Pamunkey, about 3 miles above Hanovertown, and moved up to the right 2 miles toward Hanover Court-House; intrenched and remained there two days.

May 28, General Russell's division moved up toward Hanover Court-House, and a force of the enemy's cavalry came into his rear, cutting his communication. The Fourth Vermont was sent out to open the communication. The next day the brigade marched up

