
to the railroad a short distance to the left of Hanover Court-House, and then turning toward Richmond marched to a new position near Totopotomoy River, where we remained two days. Here we were on the extreme right of the army and did not become heavily engaged. We maintained an extensive picket-line, and Major (since Lieutenant-Colonel) Chamberlain's battalion, of the Eleventh Regiment, skirmished with the enemy nearly all of one day.

June 1, we marched from the Totopotomoy to Cold Harbor and engaged the enemy. The attack was made by the Sixth and Eighteenth Corps, the Sixth on the left and Eighteenth on the right; this division and brigade having the extreme left. The plan of attack was in four lines, and this brigade was placed on two lines in front, with two brigades in its rear. Our right joined General Russell's division; Major Chamberlain's battalion, of the Eleventh Regiment, having been left on picket on the Totopotomoy, had not arrived. The Third Vermont was thrown out as skirmishers on the extreme left toward the Chickahominy. While the preparations for the attack were being made the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire in our front, and at the same time attempted a diversion of the left by attacking our skirmish line and opening artillery from that direction. The attack on the left threatening at first to be serious, I ordered the Sixth Vermont to change front and advance toward the left in support of the Third Regiment, still holding the skirmish line. While doing this, I was ordered to throw forward in that direction two more regiments, and accordingly the Fourth Regiment was placed on th eight of the Sixth, and Major Hunsdon's battalion (except one company of the Eleventh) on the right of the Fourth with its right thrown back, forming a change of direction or angle in the line. The Fifth Regiment was placed in support of a battery. Subsequently a regiment from the Eighteenth Corps, believed to be the Eighth Maine, reported to me, and was placed en echelon on the right of Major Hunsdon's battalion. The other brigades of the division were placed upon our left, and when the attack was made they did not advance their main line. I was ordered by General Neill, then commanding the division, to advance my right and maintain the connection with Russell's division, and not to advance my left, but to hold those regiments in the position they then occupied. Under this order the Second Vermont and Major Fleming's battalion, and Captain Sears' company, of the Eleventh Regiment, was the only portion of the brigade that could advance. As they advanced it was impossible to maintain a connection with the rest of the brigade. These regiments advanced in very fine style, charging up to the enemy's works under a destructive fire. having, however, reached a point near the enemy's works the troops on the right halted, and the exposure of the left of these battalions rendering a further advance imprudent, the enemy's works were not carried.

For their gallant conduct in this charge great credit is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Benton, commanding Eleventh Vermont, to Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Pingree, commanding Second Vermont, and to Major C. D. Fleming, commanding battalion. None could do better than Major Fleming and his gallant command. After the charge the troops held the ground gained and intrenched all along the line that night.

On the morning of June 2 there was skirmishing along the lines. Toward noon the Second Corps arrived from the right, and one divis-

