
ion of that corps moved in and took the place of this division. This division moved to the rear, and then marched to the right of the Sixth Corps and relieved a division of the Eighteenth Corps. This position was a very unpleasant one. A part of the enemy's works had been carried at this point, and was now held by us under a very destructive front and flank fire. We occupied but a very short front and most of the troops were considerably to the rear, but every part of the ground for a great distance to the rear was exposed to the enemy's fire and the command found safety only by throwing up defenses. Early on the morning of June 3 a general but unsuccessful attack was made upon the enemy's works. In the immediate front of this brigade General Wheaton had one line of battle of two regiments. This line advanced a short distance to the edge of the woods and the brigade moved up promptly to its support' Colonel Seaver advanced the Third Regiment to the first line and relieved one of General Wheaton's regiments. About this time I received orders to render General Wheaton all the aid he desired. He desired to be relieved entirely from the front line, and according the Fifth Regiment moved forward and relieved the other regiment of his brigade. No farther advance was made. The Third and Firth Regiments were much more exposed than the rest of the brigade. They had no protection except the trees at the edge of the woods. I asked for authority to withdraw these regiments, leaving only a skirmish line to hold the edge of the woods. This authority was refused. Being, however, satisfied that men were needlessly exposed, and that a skirmish line would hold the position as well as a line of battle and with less loss of life, and having obtained the direction of the assistant adjutant-general of the division in the matter, I withdrew those regiments, leaving a skirmish line from each, which held the position the remainder of the day. The Third and Fifth Regiments suffered severely in this engagement. During the night I was ordered to organize a temporary brigade of four battalion, and send it to General Russell, then on our left. I sent the Third and Fifth Regiments and two battalions of Eleventh (about half of the brigade) under Colonel T. O. Seaver, retaining the balance of the command in its then present position. The portion of the brigade under Colonel Weaver, relieved a portion of General Russell's front line. The brigade held the front line at two important points until the night of June 11. During all this time we were under fire; musketry, artillery, and mortar practice was the order of each day. There was no cessation of hostilities except a few hours one day under a flag of truce. In the night time we advanced and strengthened our lines, and during the day no man could move about with safety. The front line was constantly engaged and the enemy's guns commanded nearly every rod of ground for one-half mile to the rear. The regiments occupied the front line by turns, a change being made every night. On the evening of June 11 I was ordered to relieve Ricketts' division (the Third), of the Sixth Corps, on our immediate left. Not having men enough under my immediate command to do it, Colonel Edwards was ordered to report with his brigade and the division was relieved. During the night Colonel Seaver reported back with the balance of the brigade. On the evening of June 12 we moved back and occupied a new line of works about 1 mile to the rear, leaving the Fourth Vermont in the front line as skirmishers, and about midnight started on the march for Petersburg via Charles City Court-House.

