
For twelve days the brigade had been under constant fire, had engaged the enemy by day, and advanced by parallels and strengthened the works by night, losing a greater or less number of valuable men every day. The works constructed were of a formidable character, consisting of no less than seven parallel lines, some of them connected by covered or protected ways. Major Richard B. Crandall, Sixth Vermont volunteers, who fell in the front line June 7, was a brave and valuable officer. Captain M. T. Sampson, Fifth Vermont, and Lieutenant Hiram C. Bailey, Second Vermont, and Lieutenant Henry C. Miller, Third Vermont, who fell June 3, were also officers of great merit. Captain D. G. Kenesson, Third Vermont, and Captain G. H. Sowles, Eleventh Vermont, and Lieutenant J. A. Bixby, Fifth Vermont, and Lieuts. E. B. Smith, J. H. Macomber, S. R. Wilson, J. S. Drenan, and D. S. Walbridge, Eleventh Vermont, were wounded in these engagements. As heretofore my thanks are due to the regimental commanders and the members of my staff for their fidelity and gallantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 159. Report of Colonel Thomas O. Seaver, Third Vermont Infantry, of operations May 4-6.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD VERMONT INFANTRY,July 5, 1864.

SIR: I have to report the following as the part taken by my regiment in the battles of this campaign:

On the afternoon of the 3rd of May I received orders to be ready to march at 4 o'clock the next morning. Accordingly, we broke camp and marched to the Rapidan, crossing at Germanna Ford in the afternoon of May 4, and encamped for the night at a distance about 2 miles beyond the ford. On the 5th of May we moved on in the direction of the Wilderness by a road running at right angles with the Orange Court-House and Fredericksburg plank road. When near this road we met portions of our cavalry returning in some confusion from attacks by the enemy. My regiment was moved rapidly across the plank road and formed in line on the road by which we had been advancing. The Second Corps was on my left, the Fourth Vermont Infantry, on my right, and the Fifth Vermont Infantry was deployed a short distance in front as skirmishers. At about 2 p. m. I was ordered to advance in line with the Fourth Regiment. Accordingly my regiment was moved forward. The skirmishers not advancing, I passed them. The ground over which the regiment advanced was thickly covered with trees, intercepted with a dense growth of underbrush rendering it very difficult to move troops over, and so thick that nothing could be seen at a distance of more than 30 or 40 yards. After passing the skirmish line for about 200 yards, we met the enemy, who gave the first indications of his presence by delivering a full volley in your front, in consequence of which I lost many valuable lives. I had no means of guarding against this disaster, as the skirmishers were not

