
moved forward, and were not under my control. After receiving the enemy's fire I ordered a charge, but the nature of the ground ant the heavy fire of the enemy rendered it impossible for me to move my men forward in such shape as to give any hope of dislodging him. The Fourth, on my right, seemed to be in the same condition, and the line at my left had either wholly given way, or had not advanced so far, so that I received a partial cross-fire from that direction. Under the circumstances I determined to try and hold the position I then had, which was done until just before dark, when the regiment was relieved by the Fifth Vermont, and I was directed to place my men behind the fortifications a few yards east of the road on which the line of battle had first been formed, where I remained until the morning of May 6, when an attack was ordered all along the line. My regiment was placed in the third line. After advancing about a mile through the woods, I found that my regiment was in front, with the Second Vermont Regiment on my left, and a regiment on my right, the designation of which i do not know. This was relieved at about 10 a. m. by the Sixth Vermont Regiment. The regiments referred to occupied a position somewhat in advance of the main line of battle, to meet which the right and left of the advance was thrown back. My regiment occupied the position above described until about 2 p. m., when the enemy made a furious attack upon the line of the Second corps at my left, breaking through their lines and getting in our rear. i sent an order to Lieutenant-Colonel Pingree, commanding Second Vermont, to change front to meet the new attack of the enemy in [sic], but before the order could be executed the whole left of the line had broken in confusion, and, in order to save my command from capture, I was obliged to retire to the road running at right angles with the plank road, where I formed again to resist the farther advance of the enemy. If two or three regiments could have been formed at a point near where the attack was made, running at right angles with the main line of battle, the attack of the enemy would have been repulsed. My regiment was not again engaged in the battle of the Wilderness.

During the operations of the two days mentioned my loss was 239 killed, wounded, and missing. In this long and bloody fight the regiment bore itself with such steady bravery and daring as is rarely equaled. I retreat to add that Lieutenant William H. Bowker was slightly wounded in the foot. How, when, or where this was done I am unable to state. Of the rest of my officers I have no particular mention to make. They all gallantly performed their duty.

Respectfully, yours,

T. O. SEAVER,

Colonel Third Vermont Infantry.

Captain A. BROWN, JR., A. A. A. G.

Numbers 160. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen M. Pingree, Fourth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 4-25.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH VERMONT REGIMENT,June 27, 1864.

Regiment broke camp near Brandy Station at an early hour on the morning of May 4, and moved toward the Rapidan, which was

