
reached and crossed at Germanna Ford in the afternoon of the same day. Bivouacked about 5 miles from the river and rested for the night.

Early on the morning of the 5th moved in the direction of Chancellorsville, General Wheaton's brigade, Second Division, of the Sixth Corps, leading, followed by the Second (or Vermont) Brigade, commanded by General L. A. Grant, of which this regiment is part. General Wheaton, commanding First Brigade, came suddenly upon the enemy at the point where the line of march intersected the plank road, and after sending skirmishers forward, and putting the troops in order of battle, the fight opened at about 2 p. m., the brigade being formed in line, this regiment occupying the left of the brigade line. While preparations were being made, General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, arrived and assumed command of the division of General Getty. Preparations having been completed, the line moved forward through a thick undergrowth of oak for a distance of 50 to 75 rods, relieving the First Brigade, and advancing some 25 rods beyond were met by a terrible fire from a concealed foe at a distance of less than 75 yards. The regiment stood bravely in their places, and the fire was returned from ranks being thinned every moment by the murderous fire of the enemy. The regiment held this position for upward of an hour, when they were relieved by the Second Vermont Regiment. During this brief contest the regiment lost 5 officers and 36 enlisted men killed, and 10 officers and 173 enlisted men wounded. The regiment was under command of Colonel George P. Foster, assisted by Captain John E. Pratt (since promoted); Colonel Foster was severely wounded early in the engagement, and the command devolved upon Captain Pratt who, assisted by Captain Charles W. Boutin, of company D, remained in command until May 14.

It would be futile to attempt to speak of the conspicuous gallantry of any among the officers or enlisted men where each seemed to vie with his comrade in doing his duty bravely and fearlessly, and it may not be inappropriate here to remark that the conduct of both officers and men is spoken of in the highest terms of praise by those of other regiments who witnessed their conduct during this more than an hour of terrible trial. The casualties among officers were as follows: Killed, Capts. J. W. D. Carpenter, Dennie W. Farr, and Lieuts. Thomas Ensworth, Isaac A. Putnam, Winfield S. Wooster; sounded, Colonel George P. Foster, Adjt. George B. French, Capts. George H. Amidon, Daniel Lillie (since died), Abial W. Fisher, and Lieuts. Edward W. Carter, James B. Brooks, and Willis W. Morton (all severely), and Lieuts. William C. Tracy and Luther B. Scott (slightly). The names of the enlisted men are too many to allow of separate mention, but their bravery will ever be remembered, and their memory be enshrined in the hearts of their comrades.

At about 6 a. m. of May 6 the regiment prepared to move, and advanced in line of battle through a thick undergrowth of timber for a distance of about three-fourths of a mile, where we came upon the line of Wheaton's brigade, which we passed, this regiment going over the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Regiment, and had gone about 100 yards beyond this line, when we came upon the enemy in line of battle, this regiment being in the second line of the brigade, having the Fifth and Second Vermont Regiments on its left. Immediately on arriving in front of the enemy, the attack commenced, and at

