
first the enemy were forced back, but after about two hours of success, a brigade on the immediate left of this brigade gave way, and the enemy pressing through at this point were soon upon the flank of this brigade, forcing them back under a galling fire from front and flank to the point where the engagement had opened in the morning. There a gallant stand was made by the brigade, but the enemy, still on their left flank, where the opening had been made, and having gained a position on the right flank, forced the line still farther back to near the point where the battle opened on the day previous. The division, as on the previous day, was attacked to the command of General Hancock, and the brigade that gave way on the left of the line of the Vermont brigade was a brigade of the Second Corps (formerly of the Third Corps). Works were hastily thrown up near the plank road, and the brigade here rested for a time, awaiting an attack. A portion only of the line was here attacked, and the attack gallantly repulsed. This attack did not extend to the right of this regiment.

On May 7 General Getty's division, of the Sixth Corps, after having been two days under command of Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, rejoined the Sixth Corps. The list of casualties, as reported above, of May 5, is, with the addition of Lieutenant William H. Martin, killed, and Lieutenant Lafayette Richardson, severely wounded, a correct report of the casualties for may 5, 6, and 7, nearly all of them occurring may 5, as the regiment was in the second line on the 6th and not engaged on the 7th. The aggregate losses for the three days are, therefore, 6 officers and 36 enlisted men killed, and 11 officers and 211 enlisted men wounded. The names of the missing, who are few, will appear in another part of the report.

The operations of these days are better known as the battles of the Wilderness. On the 8th of may the regiment marched to Chancellorsville, and that night the lines were formed beyond that place, toward Spotsylvania Court-House. On this day no casualties occurred in the regiment. On the 9th of May the regiment was detailed for picket duty and moved to the picket-line at about 7 a. m. About midnight Sergeant Cunningham, of Company D, was killed while on picket. He was one of the most brave and zealous men of the regiment and his loss is much deplored. May 10, while the regiment was so employed the picket-line was advanced about 1 mile, coming in contact with the pickets of the enemy, forcing them back about three-fourths of a mile. Here severe skirmishing ensued, resulting in the loss of 1 man. Private Cyrus M. Sanders, Company 1, killed, and 19 enlisted men wounded (several of them mortally). Here ended the 10th of May, the regiment being relieved from picket by the Forty-ninth New York Regiment and joined the brigade.

May 11, this day the regiment rested; nothing of note occurring. There were no casualties.

May 12, the regiment moved to the left about 1 1/2 miles, starting early, and supported General Wheaton's brigade in an attack on the enemy. General Wheato's brigade having been forced back, this regiment was ordered to supply its place and moved forward, going past a portion of the Fifth Corps, engaged the enemy, and after an hour's fighting, fell back and formed in rear of a portion of the Fifth Corps. Our losses in this day's engagement were 3 killed and 26 wounded.

