
May 13, the regiment moved further to the left and threw up works near the Ny River. Remaining here during this day and the 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th, until evening. In the evening of the 17th the regiment moved to the right a distance of about 5 or 6 miles, and an attack was then made upon the enemy's position next morning, May 18. This regiment was not in the front line and suffered no loss on this day. In the afternoon returned again to the left, crossing the Ny River, late in the afternoon, where we took position and remained until morning.

May 19, moved forward about 1 mile, coming upon the enemy's works, where we intrenched and remained until about noon of the 20th.

May 20, leaving pickets in front of this line, the lines were moved to the rear three-quarters of a mile, where a strong line of works were partially completed and finally abandoned early in the evening, the army moving around the enemy's flank in the direction of Bowling Green, Milford, and Hanover Junction.

The regiment was detailed for picket on the 22nd, and on the morning of the 23rd moved on in the rear of the corps (except one brigade, forming the rear guard). Reached a point near Bowling Green about noon, where rations were issued, and then moved to the vicinity of Jericho Ford, on the North Anna, arriving there about midnight.

May 24, crossed the North Anna at Jericho Ford and advanced 1 mile toward Noel's Station, where we remained until the morning of the 25th.

The foregoing report of the recent operations in the field in which this regiment has performed a part is of necessity very imperfect, owing in part to the extent of the campaign, and in part to the absence of the commanding officer during a considerable part of the time covered by the report.

Respectfully submitted.

S. M. PINGREE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. BROWN, JR.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 161. Report of Captain Eugene A. Hamilton, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 4-7.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,June 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by this regiment in the present campaign. Yet, permit me, sir, in this place, to remark that, at the commencement of this campaign, I was the sixth in rank of the line, and, therefore, did not apprehend that I could be placed in a position where I would be called upon to render a report of this kind. For this reason I have not that data from which to write that a field officer commanding a regiment ordinarily has.

At an early hour of the morning of the 4th of May we left our winter quarters near Brandy Station, and began the first day's march of

