
we had previously occupied. Having reformed we moved, early in the afternoon, to the first line on the right of the plank road, where we remained until dark, when we were relieved and moved into the second line, our left resting near the above-mentioned road. Our loss this day was 2 line officers wounded, Captain Friend H. Barney and Lieutenant Leonard J. Brownson, and 48 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing. The number of officers killed in the engagements of the 5th and 6th of May is 3; the number wounded, 10; total, 13. The number of enlisted men killed, 25; wounded, 177; missing, 31; total, 233. Aggregate loss, officers and men, 246.

At 3 p. m. of the 7th of May we moved to the right of the army and rejoined the Sixth Corps. At 10 p. m. of the same day we commenced marching to the left, by the way of Chancellorsville, and although the men were worn down and almost exhausted by their incessant and arduous labors, they maintained their ranks almost unbroken.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. A. HAMILTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. BROWN, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 162. Report of Captain Friend H. Barney, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 8-20.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to forward the following memoranda of the part sustained by my command in the second epoch of the present campaign against Richmond:

Sunday, May 8, served as train guard through Chancellorsville to the vicinity of the River Ny. At 3 p. m. we were relieved and ordered to the front. About dark the Third Division of this corps made a charge, and we supported the left, but without loss.

Monday, May 9, was employed in throwing up defenses on the left of the Third Division.

Tuesday, May 10, twelve regiments from the Second and First Divisions, under Colonel Upton, formed in two lines of battle, our regiment being on the left, and a charge being made, the first line of the enemy's works was carried and held until after dark. In this movement our regiment suffered severely. Major C. P. Dudley, who had been in command since the 5th instant, after having with great courage and gallantry led the charge, bearing the colors in his own hands, and cheering on his men with words of patriotic encouragement and enthusiastic devotion, was wounded and carried from the field. The command then devolved upon Captain E. A. Hamilton, Company f. During the 11th we were in reserve. On the 12th our division moved to the left as a support to the Second Corps. The fighting of this day is without a parallel in the history of this campaign, if, indeed, it has its equal in the records of the present war. The enemy charged repeatedly and pertinaciously.

