
They were at every point firmly met and stoutly repulsed. The engagement lasted for more than seven hours, and resembled a hant-to-hand fight rather than a modern battle with long-range weapons. The men clubbed their muskets, and repelled repeated advances by more physical force. Our loss was severe, but we held our ground. On the 13th there were indications that the enemy had withdrawn from our immediate front. On the 14th we moved to the extreme left, taking a position to the left and rear of the Anderson house, and not far from the River Ny. On the 17th we returned to the right. There was some skirmishing, and the enemy's cannonade was sever, but this command suffered no loss. On the morning of the 18th we returned to the Anderson estate, and, crossing the Ny, threw up breast-works and held a position to the left and rear of Spotsylvania Court-House. On the 19th we moved to the right and front, and relieved the First Division. On the 20th our division moved to the left, following the first Division, and our campaign before Spotsylvania was completed.

With this brig statement, I have the honor to forward a tabular list of casualties.*

I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

F. H. BARNEY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. BROWN, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 163. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oscar A. Hale, Sixth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 5-6.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, VIRGINIA,

June 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken byt the Sixth Vermont Regiment in the battles of the Wilderness, May 5:

On the 5th of May we were ordered to take a position in the second line of battle and on the left of the plank road. About noon we were ordered to charge the enemy. in this advance Colonel E. L. Barney, Adjt. S. H. Lincoln, Captain C. W. Dwinell, Company C, First Lieutenant E. A. Holton, Company I, were wounded; Captain George C. Randall, Company F, Captain Riley A. Bird, Company A, and First Lieutenant Albert A. Crane, Company A, were killed. On the following day a general advance was ordered. The line of battle in which the Sixth Regiment was placed, advanced upon the enemy in the morning. After engaging the enemy for about an hour, and having exhausted all our ammunition, we were ordered to the next line in rear. In these battles all officers and men fought bravely.

Total loss the 5th and 6th of May: Officers, killed, 3; wounded, 4. Enlisted men, killed, 31; wounded, 151; missing, 7.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

O. A. HALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. BROWN, JR.,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Second Div., Sixth Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 145.

---------------

