
sample of Virginia mud. For several miles of that night's march the mud was literally knee deep. The next day was exceedingly hot, and that march I regard the severest trial of its stamina the regiment ever had.

During all these marches, the engagement at Spotsylvania, and the assault upon the picket-line, there were, according to my recollection, only 4 or 5 missing, or 1 in 300, and this, too, in a regiment of only ten days' field service, and whose longest previous march was 4 miles. This is a record that has, I think, never been equaled.

On the 1st day of June the regiment became engaged with the enemy at Cold Harbor, very near the battle-ground of Gaines' Mill, in 1862. In this action Batteries F, L, K, H, and E were in the attacking lines, the first three being in front and the other two supporting. The first line, under my immediate command, was advanced by orders from General Russell. It formed the extreme left of the advancing line, and on the right was a brigade of the Third Division. It advanced to within 100 yards of the enemy's works, when, being outflanked on the left nearly a half mile, and the brigade on the right a battalion length in rear, and halted, and no support in sight, it was withdrawn by my order without assaulting their lines. The two batteries, H and E, had been moved to the right and advanced over the lines of the Third Division, and afterward withdrawn by orders of General Russell. In this action the fire of the enemy was very destructive, and that of our own artillery almost equally so; yet I am proud to report that not a man wavered or changed position without orders. The loss was about 120, and has already been reported in detail. Among them were Lieutenant Wilson, mortally wounded, and Captain Sowles and Lieutenant Macomber, wounded. All the officers and men having done so admirably, it is almost invidious to mention names; but I deem it proper to mention Major Fleming, Captains Rice, Soxles, Eldridge, and Safford, also Lieutenants Macomber and Chaxe, as conspicuous for gallantry and good conduct. I is greatly to be regretted that is such reports as this full justice cannot be done to meritorious conduct of men as well as officers. From the nature of the case this is impossible. The unnamed heroes from our State are very numerous, and of them the Eleventh Regiment has its full share.

On the 3rd of June occurred the second action at Cold Harbor. In this the regiment was again fortunate in position, losing only 1, Lieutenant Walbridge, mortally wounded. From that to the movement across the James River, on the 12th, the regiment held the advance lines in the approaches by sapping that were commenced. On the 10th of June I retired to the hospital on account of sickness, and resigned on the 21st, the regiment being then in front of Petersburg. The regiment was divided into three battalion, each battalion serving as a full infantry regiment of eight platoon companies. This made it virtually a brigade command, and, indeed, it was larger than any other brigade in the division.

Major Chamberlain, second in command, and Adjutant Anson, Lieutenants Todd, E. L. Foster, and Sergeant-Major Gould, acting as staff officers, are deserving of mention for valuable aid they rendered me in the operations here reported.

R. C. BENTON,

Late Lieutenant Colonel 1st Arty., 11th Vt. volunteers, Commanding

General P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General, Montpelier, Vt.

