
Numbers 165. Report of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,August 20, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the brigade since May 4, 1864:

I.

On the morning of the 5th May General Sedgwick, finding the enemy were in force on a road leading from Robertson's Tavern into the Germanna plank road, ordered this brigade deployed and advanced on that road. We drove the enemy for about 2 miles, when we came on an intrenched line supported by artillery. Shortly after we had arrived at this point the enemy advanced a brigade, charging our extreme right regiment, but they were repulsed by the Forty-ninth New York Volunteers and Seventh Maine, we taking a number of prisoners and cutting off one of their regiments, which was captured by the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers. Later in the day we made a vigorous attempt to advance our lines, but owing to the strength of the enemy's position failed to accomplish the object.

At 4.30 a.m. on the morning of the 6th we were again ordered to advance and dislodge them, if possible. During the night our line had been strengthened by a portion of the Jersey brigade, and at the appointed hour we made a vigorous assault, but the enemy having during the night strengthened their position, combined with the natural obstacles in our front of a marsh covered with a heavy growth of thorn bushes, caused us to retire with a heavy loss to the line occupied during the night. About two hours later we were again ordered to advance with the whole line, but could not gain any ground, when an order came to intrench where we were. About half an hour before dark the enemy made a desperate attack on the right of the general line held by a brigade of each of the First and Third Divisions. The Third Division breaking caused the brigade of the First Division also to break, and all fell back on our brigade of the First Division also to break, and all fell back on our line. This, with a heavy attack by the enemy in our front, came near sweeping away the brigade, and but for the unflinching bravery of the officers and men would have done so. Our second line changing front to rear protected our flank, and the front line repulsed several attacks of the enemy. This position we held until 12 midnight, when we were ordered to retire by the left flank to a position on the Germanna plank road. In this struggle we lost very heavily in officers and men. On the plank road we took up a new position, and remained until dark of the evening of the 8th, when we took up our march for Spotsylvania Court-House.

II.

We arrived in front of Spotsylvania Court-House about 5 p.m. on the 9th instant. This brigade was deployed on the extreme right of the general line, and ordered to advance with it at a given signal. This we did, breaking the enemy's line, but the brigade on our right failing to advance with us caused us to be isolated. With the enemy on both flanks, and it growing dark, we were ordered to retired to the position we held before charging and intrench. On the morning of the 10th the Forty-ninth New York Volunteers was sent

