
forward, and charged the outer line of the enemy and captured it with a number of prisoners. On the evening of the 10th the brigade joined in the assault on the enemy's line under General Upton, and assisted in capturing a large number of prisoners, the Forty-third New York capturing one stand of colors.

On the morning of the 12th we were moved to the rear of the position just captured by General Hancock, and ordered to support a brigade of this division, commanded by Colonel Edwards, at the Angle. The brigade was deployed in line and moved to this point, and two of the regiments, the Forty-ninth and Seventy-seventh New York, charged the Angle and took possession of the crest commanding it, which they held until relieved. The Forty-third New York, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Seventh Maine were deployed on the right of this position, supporting General Upton's brigade. The first line losing heavily and closing to the left, caused a vacancy, which these three regiments moved into, and where they remained two hours, delivering a musketry fire, and were relieved and removed to the left to the support of a brigade of the Second Corps. The troops which relieved the Forty-ninth and Seventy-seventh New York were driven back, and those two regiments, with a portion of the Vermont brigade, formed and retook the crest. About dark the whole line was withdrawn about 300 yards and went into bivouac for the night. Our loss in officers and men was very heavy in this engagement. On the 13th we remained in this position until dark, when we moved to the Anderson house, and the next day crossed the Ny River. On the evening of the 17th we moved to the position in front of the Angle, where, on the evening of the 18th, the division was formed in four lines of a brigade each. We were in the third line, and it getting light the advance was made without waiting for the Third Division to complete their formation. Upon advancing, the Second Corps gave way on our left, and the two front lines obliquing to the left, brought us in the front line, and the Third Division failing to advance exposed us to an artillery fire, which took us in reverse, on the flank [and] in front. The line on our left halting, our line was halted, where we remained until withdrawn by orders. In this engagement our loss was heavy and mostly from artillery.

III.

During the epoch designated as the North Anna, this brigade was not engaged, and from that time until we were at Cold Harbor we were not engaged, except slight skirmishing. Upon arriving at Cold Harbor, on the 1st June, this brigade changed front to the left and protected the flank from this attack. On the morning of the 2nd we were moved to the right of the --- Corps, joining the Eighteenth Corps, and formed in four lines and advanced in an assault on the enemy's lines, which proved so strong that we failed to accomplish anything but advance our lines. Later in the day another assault was tried, with no better success, when we intrenched and advanced our lines by regular approaches. We remained in these entrenchments until the night of the 12th.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. D. BIDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

