
No. 166. Itinerary of the Fourth Brigade, Second Division, Sixth Army Corps.*

The Fourth Brigade has participated in all the marches and engagements in which the Second Division, Sixth Corps, has been engaged since leaving Brandy Station, Va. They have participated in the following engagements: May 5 and 6, Wilderness; May 8,12, and 18, Spotsylvania Court-House, besides numerous skirmishers.

No. 167. Itinerary of the Third Division, Sixth Army Corps.+

May 4.-The division broke camp at 4 a.m., and marching by way of Stevensburg crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at 4 p.m.; bivouacked for the night near the ford.

May 5 to 7.-Participated in the battle of the Wilderness, the Second Brigade losing quite heavily in killed, wounded, and missing. Brigadier-General Seymour assumed command of the Second Brigade on the 5th, and was made a prisoner on the evening of the 6th. On the night of the 7th the division moved to the left by way of Chancellorsville.

May 8.-Took position 2 miles from Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 9.-Threw up entrenchments. Brigadier General William H. Morris, commanding First Brigade, was severely wounded. For several days the division was engaged marching and entrenching, with almost continued skirmishing; casualties frequent.

May 21.-In the evening the division marched in direction of the North Anna River by way of Guiney's Station.

May 22.-Passed through Guiney's Bridge and Lebanon Church.

May 23.-Through Golansville and Mount Carmel Church.

May 24.-Crossed the North Anna at Jericho Ford.

May 25.-The Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, numbering 60 officers and 2,101 men, was assigned to the command.

May 26.-Recrossed the river at Jericho Ford, marching to Chesterfield Station.

May 27.-Marched to near Honrquarter Creek.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey River at Widow Nelson's bridge and halted at 12 m.

May 29.-Remained in same place.

May 30.-Marched in the direction of Hanover Court-House, reaching Oak Forest at 2 p.m.; threw out skirmishers; remained in position during the night.

May 31.-At about noon advanced across Totopotomoy Creek.

June 1.-The division marched at 1.30 a.m.; reached Old Church at 8 a.m. and Cold Harbor at 10 a.m.; relieved the cavalry and threw up works. At 6 p.m. charged the enemy's works, capturing several hundred prisoners and two lines of entrenchments.

June 2.-No movement; lines straightened and breast-works thrown up.

---------------

*From return for May.

+From returns for May and June

---------------

46 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

