
June 3.-A general advance was made. The division lost heavily, but held its ground firmly.

June 4 to 9.-Almost continued skirmishing; casualties frequent.

June 10.-Moved at night half a mile to the left, occupying the position held at first by the Second Corps.

June 11.-Remained in same position.

June 12.-About 9 p.m. withdrew to new lines of works near Old Tavern, at cross-roads.

No. 168. Report of Brigadier General William H. Morris, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 4-9.

DIVISION HOSPITAL, May 10, 1864-10.45 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd of May, 1864, I received orders from division headquarters to march on the following morning at 4 o'clock. We left camp at 4.30 a.m. on the 4th of May, crossed the Rapidan at 3.45 p.m., and bivouacked near the river.

May 5, marched at 7 a.m. Captain King brought me orders to pass General Seymour's command and go into position near the house occupied on the preceding evening by General Wright. One section First Massachusetts Artillery accompanied me. Formed line at 7.30 a.m., placing Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in reserve, and threw out skirmishers; soon after placed some of my command in position on one of the side roads and on left of General Seymour. At 12.45 received orders through Captain Allstrom to march my command to the plank road. Captain Richards came as my command was moving, and told me to wait until General Willcox came. At about 1.15 p.m. General Willcox arrived. I showed him the dispositions I had made, and then withdrew to the plank road. I massed my troops in front of the Wilderness Tavern, and about a mile from it.

May 6, at 1 a.m. Lieutenant Waker brought me orders to attack the enemy; at 4.30 a.m. I went to see General Ricketts, who told me my position would be on Upton's left. I immediately went to see Colonel Upton, accompanied by Lieutenant Waker, and conferred with him. Colonel Upton informed me that his line would swing around his left flank as a pivot when the troops on his right advanced. He suggested that I should be a little in the rear of his left, so as to be on his left after he had swung around. He had received notice that the attack was postponed until 5 o'clock. I again saw General Ricketts, and related to him my interview with Upton. At 4.30 a.m. I crossed my troops from the left to the right of the road, and placed them in position. The point being one of serious importance to hold, and owing to a swamp having but little room, the troops were necessarily extremely crowded. My brigade was in three lines, with two lines of Bartlett's command in my front. About 10 a.m. the enemy commenced shelling us with an exact range upon my brigade, and continued to do so at intervals throughout the day. The loss from this cause was 3 killed and 19 wounded in my brigade. At about 3 p.m. I was informed that Warren was

