
authorized to call upon Upton's and Morris' brigades if the enemy attempted to force his way between Warren and Burnside. Toward evening Captain Halsted, of General Sedgwick's staff, brought around orders for three regiments of my brigade to re-enforce troops on his right, as they had been driven in by the enemy. I moved out at a double-quick the Tenth Vermont, Fourteenth New Jersey, and One hundred and sixth New York. Finding that our troops were retreating in such numbers that it was impossible to stop them, I changed front so as to face to the right, in order to injure the enemy as much as possible with my fire as he advanced. I sent a staff officer to search for General Sedgwick to explain my position and ask for further instructions. It resulted in his coming in person, as also many of his staff, to my line. While placing my three regiments as I have just explained, I was aided by Captain Judson, who displayed on that occasion great gallantry and judgment. The shells of the enemy were severe upon us, and, as I have not since that time heard of him, I presume he was either captured or killed. Later in the evening I was instructed to move my three regiments to the breast-works in the rear, and to recall the remainder of my command some hour later. Generals Sedgwick and Wright mentioned to me that they were going to establish a new line, and I accompanied them in order that I might know where to place my troops. As soon as I knew where to place my brigade, I posted three of my regiments. The remaining regiments which sent Captain Lockwood, my aide-de-camp, to bring in, I posted in the breast-works.

May 7, at dawn General Griffin and I, following the instructions of General Ricketts, examined carefully the lines and placed one of my two regiments, which had bivouacked in the breast-works, in its proper place, and threw out the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Schall, as picket. One hundred men in addition, from the One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, were sent out as pickets. Breast-works were thrown up. During the day some changes in the relative position of my troops were made, owing to other troops reporting to the division commander. At 9.30 p.m. we marched along the pike and plank road to Piney Branch Church, through Chancellorsville. We were on the march fifteen consecutive hours. The brigade was massed on the left of the road. Colonel Schall reported with his withdrawn pickets at about 1 p.m., 2 men only having straggled. At about 2.10 pm. May 7 marched to report to Warren; reached him at 3.10. About 15,000 men, I should suppose from what I could see, were drawn up in a column of attack, composed of several lines. My brigade was placed in one of these lines. I received instructions to regulate my movements by those of General Wright. Lieutenant-Colonel McMahon, assistant adjutant-general, brought me a peremptory order from General Meade to move the whole of Rickett's division to the left, and said there was not time to communicate with General Ricketts first, but would inform him of what had been done. Colonel McMahon presently ordered me to halt and wait for further orders. Soon after Major Biddle, of General Meade's staff, ordered me to move still farther to the left, and place my left flank about 50 paces beyond the main road, in the rear of General Meade. I inquired of General Meade if the line was where he wished it, and he seemed satisfied. Major Roebling, of General Warren's staff, made me swing around the right of the left regiment in order to face more

