
directly the enemy. General Warren subsequently made me swing forward my left to the forks of the road. All this I communicated to General Ricketts. About midnight I took up a position in advance and threw out the One hundred and sixth New York as pickets.

May 9, at dawn laid at breast-works. The exterior line was withdrawn and placed behind the one in the breast-works. About 10 a.m. was ordered to transfer the Fourteenth New Jersey from the left of the Eighty-seventh [Pennsylvania] to its right. While placing it in position I was wounded by a rifle-ball and rendered unfit for service in the field.

During the incessant labor of the five days' marching and fighting, I had every reason to be proud of the regiments composing my brigade, the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, the Fourteenth New Jersey, the One hundred and sixth New York, the Tenth Vermont, and the One hundred and fifty-first New York, and of the coolness, judgment, and gallantry of their commanding officers, Colonel Schall, Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, Lieutenant-Colonel Townsend, Lieutenant-Colonel Fay, and Lieutenant-Colonel Henry. The field and line officers also distinguished themselves. The small amount of straggling from the command showed good discipline.

A list* of casualties is appended.

Captain Charles H. Leonard, my chief of staff, was untiring in his duties, and was conspicuous for prompt action, personal exposure, and courage.

Captain Henry C. Lockwood, my aide-de-camp, rendered valuable service, and was many times exposed to severe fire. Captain Kimball, acting aide-de-camp, was useful and indefatigable. Lieutenant Oakes, acting aide-de-camp, accompanied me constantly, and performed creditably the missions intrusted to his charge. My thanks are due to my surgeons for their faithful attendance to the sick and wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. MORRIS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain ADAM E. KING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 169. Report of Colonel William S. Truex, Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 9-June 11.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SIXTH CORPS, November 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from May 4 to July 9, 1864. To cover the first epoch, I inclose a verbatim report+ of Brigadier General William H. Morris, who commanded the brigade, and who was wounded early in the morning of the 9th of May, 1864.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

+See p.722.

---------------

