
FIRST EPOCH.

Immediately after the wounding of Brigadier-General Morris, Colonel Schall, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, senior officer, took command of the brigade. At 6.30 p.m. the skirmish line was ordered to advance, and furious cannonading was immediately opened on both sides, with but little effect on the part of the enemy.

May 10.-At 10 a.m. heavy cannonading and musketry opened along the whole line. It was reported by prisoners taken that General Longstreet was severely wounded. The cannonading was continued until 8.15 p.m., being the most severe fire we have been under this campaign.

May 11.-The usual skirmishing was continued this day. Relieved Colonel Smith's brigade in the earth-works before dark.

May 12.-Moved by the left flank at 10 a.m. about 1 1/2 miles and formed line of battle in two lines and almost instantly engaged, the brigade suffering severely in killed and wounded. The command worked all night throwing up works.

May 13.-Musketry fire was kept up almost incessantly all night. The enemy having been driven from their position, the brigade was ordered to advance and relieve the troops in our front. In the afternoon at 3 p.m. fell back to our original position, and earth-works were erected. On the morning of the 14th moved in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. Colonel William S. Truex, Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, having reported for duty, was ordered to take command, relieving Colonel Schall, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; crossed the River Po, and bivouacked for the night.

May 15.-Intrenched ourselves on the hill known as Gayle's Hill, and remained quiet all day.

May 17.-At 8.45 in the evening moved back across the River Po and reoccupied the position we held the 13th instant, which we reached at 4.30 a.m. The troops very much exhausted.

May 18.-Fell back to our old position on Laurel Hill. At 4.30 a.m. our brigade advanced over the works, when severe skirmishing immediately commenced. At 2.30 p.m. returned to Gayle's Hill, with orders to be in readiness to move at daylight.

May 19.-At 5 a.m. moved about 1 1/2 miles to the right and formed line of battle on the extreme left of the Sixth Army Corps, and earthworks thrown up.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 21.-At 12 m. we moved again in the direction of Po River; marched all night.

May 22.-Marched on toward the North Anna River; bivouacked for the night at Harris' Store.

May 23.-At 9.15 a.m. marched in the direction of Beaver Dam. When within about 2 miles of North Anna River halted, and bivouacked. Heavy firing was heard in our front.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 24.-Moved forward at 6 a.m. and crossed the North Anna at the town of Jericho. We remained on the south bank until 5.45 p.m., when we moved forward about a mile in line of battle and rested on our arms all night.

