
May 25.-Moved forward at 9 a.m. At 9.30 crossed the Virginia Central Railroad at Noel's Station. We followed the railroad for about 2 miles, when we halted and commenced destroying the road, burning the cross-ties and bending the rails. Afterward returned and received orders to connect with our brigade on the right of General Russell's division, and to receive our orders for that night only from General Russell.

May 26.-At 7.45 p.m. moved forward to Hanovertown, on the Pamunkey; recrossed the North Anna at Jericho on pontoon bridge and marched to Chesterfield Station, which we reached at about 2.30 a.m., after the most fatiguing march of the campaign.

May 27.-Moved forward at 4 a.m.; marched all day and halted at dark in King William Valley, near the Pamunkey.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-Moved forward at 8 a.m.; crossed the Pamunkey on pontoon bridge near the Widow Nelson's house at 11.30 a.m. We marched about 2 miles south of the river in front of Pollard's mansion, where we formed line of battle and threw up earth-works immediately.

May 30.-At 4 a.m. moved in the direction of Hanover Court-House. The order was afterward countermanded, and we returned toward Hanovertown, formed line of battle on the hill in front of Hundley's house, on right of Second Corps, and bivouacked for the night.

May 31.-Drove the enemy from their position in our front and occupied their works. Our loss trifling.

June 1.-At 12.45 a.m. moved in the direction of Gaines' Mill, by Cold Harbor, which place we reached at 12 m. 5 p.m. we formed line of battle in four lines, and, in connection with the First and Second Divisions of the corps on our left, and the Eighteenth Corps on our right, we charged the enemy in their works. The enemy resisted with great stubbornness, and it was one of the most hotly contested fields of the campaign. The fighting ceased at dark, we having advanced our lines about three-fourths of a mile. Our loss in this battle was very heavy, especially in officers. We captured about 500 prisoners. At the onset Colonel Truex, commanding brigade, was wounded, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, senior officer, took command. The next morning General Meade issued to our division a congratulatory order, which I herewith append:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 1, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Please give my thanks to Brigadier-General Ricketts and his gallant command for the very handsome manner in which they have conducted themselves to-day. The success attained by them is of great importance, and if followed up will materially advance our operations.

Very respectfully, yours,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL: Major-General Wright directs me to say that he transmits the within to you with great pleasure.

Your obedient servant,

R. F. HALSTED,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

