
June 2.-Colonel Schall, commanding Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, by virtue of his rank, assumed command of the brigade early in the morning. At 4 p.m. received orders to advance our lines at 4 a.m. on the 3rd instant.

June 3.-At the above-named hour the brigade, in connection with the whole corps, advanced about half a mile, when the enemy were met in force. Finding the enemy could not be dislodged, we received orders to throw up earth-works, which was done under a severe artillery fire from the enemy. Our loss was again very heavy, especially in officers. About 10 a.m. Colonel Schall, commanding brigade, was severely wounded in the left arm, when the command again devolved on Lieutenant-Colonel Hall.

From June 4 until June 11 no movement was made from this position. On the evening of June 7, under a flag of truce, details from both armies were made for the purpose of burying the dead and bringing in the wounded. During this period of seven days our pickets were constantly skirmishing, and at intervals furious cannonading.

June 11.-In the morning, a little before daylight, moved from our position on the right of the First Division to the left of the same and relieved a division of the Second Corps.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. TRUEX,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 170. Report of Major Charles G. Chandler, Tenth Vermont Infantry, of operations June 1-6.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH VERMONT INFANTRY,In the Field, June 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this regiment has been actively engaged in the late field operations of the campaign, and has acquitted itself with honor, acknowledgment of which has been received in orders. Officers and men have discharged their whole duty. The regiment now occupies advanced works upon our front.

In the action of the 1st instant Lieutenant-Colonel Henry was wounded, since which time the command has devolved upon myself. The effective force of the regiment present with it is 12 officers and 352 enlisted men. I forward herewith a statement+ of casualties on and since June 1, which shows several vacancies caused by the loss of commissioned officers killed in action. The regiment is now so much reduced in officers that its efficiency is seriously impaired.

I add with pain that Captain Samuel Darrah, lately commanding Company D, has just been killed in front of regimental headquarters by a sharpshooter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES G. CHANDLER,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General, State of Vermont.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+See revised statement, p.174.

---------------

