
No. 171. Report of Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 5-6.

WILLIAMSPORT, MASS., August 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command, the Second Brigade, Third Division (Ricketts'), in connection with the battles of May 5 and 6 in the Wilderness:

To this brigade I was assigned on the morning of the 5th instant. It consisted of the One hundred and tenth Ohio (Colonel J. W. Keifer), One hundred and twenty-second Ohio (Colonel William H. Ball), One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio (Colonel B. F. Smith), One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania (Colonel M. R. McClennan), to which was attached a battalion of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, and the Sixth Maryland (Colonel J. W. Horn). During the morning I was directed to report to you (then commanding First Division, Sixth Corps), and was posted on the extreme right of the line of battle then forming. The Sixth Maryland and One hundred and tenth Ohio were placed in the first line, the latter regiment on the right, the latter regiment being well thrown back to protect the right flank. The position was on gently rolling ground, thickly covered with trees. The enemy was directly in front. About 5 p.m. an advance was made and the enemy's skirmishers driven back some distance so as to clear the ground in our immediate front. About 6 o'clock an attack was made along the line, and under the impression that we overlapped the enemy's left, and that he was weak in our front, from the detaching of troops to his right, I was to swing around so as to take him in flank. A vigorous advance was made and the enemy was soon found, but sheltered by log breast-works and extending so far beyond me that his fire came upon the prolongation of our line with the greatest severity. Under these circumstances, it was impossible to gain any decided advantage. Ground somewhat in advance of our original position was, however, held. The Sixth Maryland and One hundred and tenth Ohio suffered very severely, the Sixth Maryland losing 180 officers and men in killed and wounded, and the One hudnred and tenth losing 113. Major McElwain, One hundred and tenth Ohio, was, unfortunately, killed-one of the best and bravest officers of my command. Captain Smith and Lieutenant McKnight of the same regiment were mortally wounded, both excellent officers. Captain A. B. Martin and Lieutenant Alexander F. Myers, of the Sixth Maryland, were also lost (two of the choicest officers of that superior regiment), and during the night there was close firing, by which a number fell. Among others the gallant Colonel Keifer was disabled, after having conducted himself with distinguished courage and energy during the day. The enemy through the night was constantly strengthening his line; the cutting and felling of trees was continual, and the movement of guns to his left was distinctly heard.

On the morning of the 6th Brigadier General Alexander Shaler reported tome with a part of his brigade, which was immediately posted in

