
extension of my right. This additional force did not much more than compensate for the loss of space due to the casualties of the preceding afternoon, and the closing in to General Neill's brigade on my left for the same cause. The second line of my brigade now replaced the first, and at 7 o'clock another attack was ordered, and the two brigades moved forward impetuously, but when within a few rods of the enemy's works, received such discharges of musketry as entirely to deprive the attack of impulsion. The fire from the enemy's artillery was also severe and close. In spite of the superb steadiness of the men and the best efforts of their brave officers of both brigades, no decisive advantage could be claimed. The enemy's line still extended beyond our right, and our formation was even now thin and weak for attacking. The casualties were again very heavy. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania lost 153 during the day, with two of the finest young officers, Lieuts. J. H. Fisher and John E. Essick. Of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Captain Work was killed, known for a noble coolness in battle, an officer held in high esteem by his regiment, and Captain Harding, Lieutenants Kilburn and Niemeyer were, unfortunately, severely wounded. Captain R. M. Lyons, of the One hundred and twenty-sixth, Captain O. W. France, Captain J. S. McCready, and Lieutenant Robert Hillis, among the choicest and best of officers, were killed.

During the day directions were received to strengthen our line by laying up log shelters, which was effected, except on the extreme right of General Shaler's line, where contact was so close and exposure so great as to forbid this work by day. The two brigades were now virtually in a single line, the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania and One hundred and tenth Ohio being alone held in the second line and as supports. Just before sunset the enemy made an attack by throwing a brigade around the right and directly into the rear of my line, which was rolled up with great rapidity. Portions of the command faced to the rear and held their positin for a short time, but were compelled to give way. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania was promptly moved to check the enemy's advance, but yielding to the temporary panic, also fell to the rear. Near the termination of this attack, while riding toward the enemy to ascertain his force and position, I was taken prisoners. Lieutenant A. J. Harrison, acting assistant adjutant-general of my staff, while bravely exerting himself to rally our men, was severely wounded, and fell into the enemy's hands. To Captain J. W. Ross, brigade inspector, and my aides, Lieutenant C. N. Jackson, Lieutenant Daniel Peck, and Lieutenant J. A. Gump, as well as to Lieutenant Harrison, I am indebted for the display of the highest soldierly qualities on every occasion, and I acknowledge my indebtedness to them for their constant attention to duty. And I cannot fail to mention Surg. J. S. Martin, Fourteenth New Jersey, for gallant conduct, in remaining under close fire and attending faithfully upon many severely hurt, who, from our situation, could not readily be removed. His example was glorious.

In the movements of my command, I am pleased to say that it behaved with the most commendable gallantry, and the conduct of every officer and man, so far as I know, was praiseworthy and exemplary. That after two such combats, worn and fatigued, they should have failed before comparatively fresh troops, will be justly considered as no more than was to be expected, nor was it more

