
than I anticipated and express to the then commander of the corps. The right of the line was perfectly unsupported, and of necessity so thin that successful resistance to such a flank attack was at least improbable. The commanders of regiments, without exception, are recommended to your favorable notice, Colonels Smith, Keifer, and Horn more particularly, for prominent gallantry and efficiency.

The report of Brigadier-General Shaler accompanies this. I respectfully commend him to your consideration for the personal bravery and intelligence with which he handled his brigade.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps.

No. 172. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 6TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this command, commencing May 4, 1864, and ending July 9, 1864:

This brigade was composed May 4, 1864, of the One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, Sixth Maryland, and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry Regiments, and a detachment of men from the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, temporarily attached to the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania. The regiments were commanded, respectively, by myself, Colonel W. H. Ball, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Ebright, Colonel John W. Horn, and Colonel M. R. McClennan. The brigade was commanded on that day by Colonel B. F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio. The brigade moved from its camp near Culpeper Court-House, Va., at daylight on the 4th of May, and crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford about sunset of the same day, and bivouacked for the night on the bank of the river. Early upon the morning of the 5th of May, Brigadier General T. Seymour assumed command of the brigade, relieving Colonel Smith.

FIRST EPOCH.

The brigade moved about 8 a.m. upon the Germanna Ford road, leading to the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike, but had not proceeded far until orders were received to return to and guard the ford and pontoon bridges, which it did. At about 11 a.m. the brigade again marched toward the turnpike above named, and arriving near it, was halted upon a hill to the right of the road upon which it had marched. About 1 p.m. orders were received for the brigade to proceed to the right of the line, and report to General H. G. Wright, commanding a division of the Sixth Corps. Heavy firing had already commenced along the line. This brigade went into position in two lines, about 2 p.m., upon the extreme right of the army, the One hundred and tenth Ohio and Sixth Maryland in the front, and the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and twenty-

