
sixth Ohio in the rear line. Under orders from Brigadier-General Seymour, skirmishers were advanced from the two regiments in the front line, who soon brought on a brisk skirmish. Captain Luther Brown, One hundred and tenth Ohio, and Captain C. K. Prentiss, Sixth Maryland, who were in command of our skirmishers, pressed the enemy's skirmishers back for a short distance, and closely engaged them until about 5 p.m., when an advance of the brigade was made. I received orders from General Seymour to assume general charge of the first line, to press the enemy, and, if possible, outflank him upon his left. The troops charged forward in gallant style, pressing the enemy back by 6 p.m. about one-half mile, when we came upon him upon the slope of a hill, intrenched behind logs, which had been hurriedly thrown together. During the advance the troops were twice halted, and a fire opened, killing and wounding a considerable number of the enemy. The front line being upon the extreme right of the army, and the troops upon its left (said to have been commanded by Brigadier-General Neill) failing to move forward in conjunction with it, I deemed it prudent to halt, without making an attack upon the enemy's line. After a short consultation with Colonel John W. Horn, I sent word to Brigadier-General Seymour that the advance line of the brigade was unsupported upon either flank, and that the enemy overlapped the right and left of the line, and was apparently in heavy force, rendering it impossible for the troops to attain success in a further attack. This word was sent by Lieutenant Gump, of General Seymour's staff. I soon after received an order to attack at once. Feeling sure that the word I sent had not been received, I delayed until a second order was received to attack. I accordingly made the attack without further delay. The attack was made about 7 p.m. The troops were in a thick and dense wilderness. The line was advanced to within 150 yards of the enemy's works, under a most terrible fire from the front and flanks. It was impossible to succeed; but the two regiments, notwithstanding, maintained their ground, and kept up a rapid fire for nearly three hours, and then retired under orders for a short distance only. I was wounded about 8.30 p.m., by a rifle-ball passing through both bones of the left fore-arm, but did not relinquish command until 9 p.m. The troops were required to maintain this unequal contest under the belief that other troops were to attack the enemy upon his flank. In this attack, the Sixth Maryland lost in killed 2 officers and 16 men, and 8 officers and 132 men wounded; and the One hundred and tenth Ohio lost 1 officers and 13 men killed, and 6 officers and 93 men wounded, making an aggregate in the two regiments of 271.

Major William S. McElwain, One hundred and tenth Ohio, who had won the commendations of all who knew him, for his skill, judgment, and gallantry, was among the killed. Lieutenant Myers, Sixth Maryland, was also killed. Captain John M. Smith and Lieutenant Joseph McKnight, One hundred and tenth Ohio, and Captain Adam B. Martink, Sixth Maryland, were mortally wounded and have since died. Captain J. B. Van Eaton and Lieuts. H. H. Stevens and G. O. McMillen, One hudnred and tenth Ohio, Major J. C. Hill, Capts. A. Billingslea, J. L. Goldsborough, J. J. Bradshaw, and J. R. Rouzer, and Lieuts. J. A. Schwartz, C. A. Damuth and D. J. Smith, Sixth Maryland, were more or less severely wounded. All displayed the greatest bravery, and deserve the thanks of the country. Colonel John W. Horn, Sixth Maryland, and Lieutenant Colonel O. H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio, deserve to be specially mentioned for their

