
courage, skill, and ability. Captains Brown, One hundred and tenth Ohio, and Prentiss, Sixth Maryland, distinguished themselves in their successful management of skirmishers.

From reports of this night attack, published in the Richmond papers, it is known that the rebel Brigadier General J. M. Jones (commanding the Stonewall brigade) and many others, were killed in the attack.

In consequence of my wound I was not with the brigade after the battle of the Wilderness, during its memorable and bloody campaign, until August 26, 1864, and I am unable to give its movements and operations from personal knowledge. The brigade was commanded by Brigadier General T. Seymour until his capture, May 6, 1864, after which, with the exception of short intervals, it was commanded by Colonel B. F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio. Colonel Smith is now absent from the brigade.

Early on the morning of the 6th of May the brigade formed in two lines of battle, and assaulted the enemy's works in its front-the One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania in the front line, and the One hundred and tenth Ohio and Sixth Maryland in the rear line. The brigade was still the extreme right of the army. The assault was most vigorously made, but the enemy was found in too great numbers, and too strongly fortified to be driven from his position. After suffering very heavy loss the troops were withdrawn to their original position, where slight fortifications were thrown up. In the charge the troops behaved most gallantly. The One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania lost very heavily. About 2 p.m. Brigadier-General Shaler's brigade, of the First Division, Sixth Army Corps, took position upon the right of the brigade, and became the extreme right of the army. Skirmishing continued until about sunset, when the enemy turned the right of the army, and made an attack upon its flank and rear, causing the troops to give way rapidly, and compelling them to fall back for some distance before they were reformed. So rapid was the enemy's advance upon the flank and rear, that time was not given to change front to meet him, and some confusion occurred in the retreat. Few prisoners were lost in the brigade. The lines were soon re-established, and the progress of the enemy stopped. An attack was made by the enemy upon the re-established line about 8 p.m., but was handsomely repulsed. Unfounded reports were circulated that the troops of this brigade were the first to give way when the first attack of the enemy was made. It is not improper to state here that no charges of bad conduct are made against the troops upon its right, but that this brigade remained at its post and successfully resisted a simultaneous attack from the front until the troops upon its right were doubled back and were retreating in disorder through and along its lines.

About 7 a.m. of May 7 the troops were moved a short distance to the left and threw up temporary earth-works. The enemy made a show of attack soon after, but were driven back and severely punished by artillery fire. Skirmishing continued throughout the day. This brigade was detached during the battle of Wilderness from the other troops of the division, and received orders from Major-General Wright, commanding First Division, Sixth Army Corps.

