
SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House commenced at 8 p.m. May 7. The troops moved all night, and after a tedious and tire-some march arrived in position near Spotsylvania Court-House about 6 p.m. May 8, and found the enemy in front in strong works. Immediate preparations were made for an assault, which, however, was not made. After dark an advance was made as near the enemy's position as possible without bringing on an engagement. The troops were rationed for the first time on the campaign at this place. Breast-works were constructed along the front line. The lamented Major General John Sedgwick, commanding the Sixth Army Corps, was killed by a rifle-shot in the head from a rebel sharpshooter near the Sixth Maryland Regiment, on the 9th of May. On the 10th a desperate attack was made by the enemy on the right of the brigade, which was handsomely repulsed. In addition to the continuous and heavy skirmishing, a furious artillery fire was kept up all day. The brigade was moved from its position on the 11th a short distance to the left. Constant skirmishing still continued. On the 12th the brigade, with the division, was formed 1 mile to the left, about 11 a.m., in support of the First and Second Divisions, Sixth Army Corps, but was not heavily engaged. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio was detached about 12 m., and went to the assistance of Brigadier-General Wheaton's brigade, Second Division, Sixth Corps. It was marched to the front line and engaged the enemy. Fifty rounds of ammunition were exhausted before the regiment was withdrawn. Its loss was 16 enlisted men killed, and 1 officer and 53 enlisted men wounded. Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Ebright, commanding the regiment, was wounded in the head. He signally distinguished himself in this engagement. The enemy was compelled to abandon his works in the night, and, on the morning of the 13th, was found in a new position some distance to the rear. At evening the brigade moved back to the position occupied upon the 12th.

The morning of the 14th of May the brigade moved to the heights on the north bank of the Ny River. The evening of the same day the brigade charged in line of battle across the river, and took the heights upon the opposite bank, from which troops from the First Division, Sixth Corps, had been driven. The brigade at once intrenched, and remained in position until the evening of the 17th, at which time it commenced to march back again to its position of the 12th. The brigade reached its position about 6 a.m. of the 18th, and there remained under a heavy artillery fire from the enemy until 12 m., and then commenced a march again to its position on the south bank of the Ny River, near the Anderson house, arriving about 7 p.m. The brigade moved forward on the 16th of May about 2 miles, but did not bring on a general engagement, and again intrenched. Some changes were made in the line of the 21st, after which brisk skirmishing ensued.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march from the position last mentioned to the North Anna River commenced at 10 p.m. May 21, and was attended with no fighting, the brigade having been detailed as guard for ammunition and headquarters train. On the evening of the 25th of May the

