
brigade was relieved from duty as train guard, and reported to Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, commanding division, and immediately went into position on the south bank of the North Anna River. On the 26th of May the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Seward, joined this brigade. On the same day the brigade was marched about 3 miles to the Virginia Central Railroad, at Noel's Station, and immediately countermarched to its former position on the North Anna River.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Leaving this last-named positin and recrossing the North Anna River, about 7 p.m. commenced the march for the Pamunkey River. The brigade reached the river and crossed at Sailor's Ford at 12 m. on the 28th of May; marched about 2 miles from it, and again halted and intrenched. The brigade remained in position, skirmishing continually, until daylight of May 30, when it moved with the division in a northwesterly direction, striking the Hanover Court-House and Richmond turnpike at the 17 mile post about 10 a.m.; thence along that road to the Totopotomoy River, arriving upon its north bank at 5 p.m., where the brigade was formed in line of battle. In this position the brigade remained until 12 m. of the 31st, when it was moved across the river and formed in line of battle on the south bank. Heavy skirmishing ensued throughout the remainder of the day, the enemy being in front in strong earth-works. At 12 midnight commenced the march to Cold Harbor, by the way of Salem Church, arriving about 10.30 a.m. June 1, 1864. The cavalry which preceded were relieved on the skirmish line by the One hundred and tenth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Binkley commanding. Entrenchments were thrown up. About 2 p.m. the brigade was moved from its works a short distance to the left and formed in four lines of battle preparatory to a charge, the Sixth Maryland and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania in the first line, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery in the second and third lines, and the One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio in the fourth line. At 6 p.m. a general assault was made upon the enemy in his works. This brigade carried the works in its front and captured several hundred prisoners, who were taken to the rear. The captured works were held and the enemy forced back. Repeated efforts were made by the enemy during the succeeding night to retake the works, but he was each time repulsed with heavy loss. The officers and men of the brigade deserve great praise for their valor in this battle. I regret to say that I am unable to mention the officers who were most conspicuous. Colonels Horn and McClennan, who commanded the advance line, were particularly gallant in leading their men into the works. The following communication was received, highly commending the troops for their conduct on that day:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 1, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Please give my thanks to Brigadier-General Ricketss and his gallant command for the very handsome manner in which they have conducted themselves to-day. The success attained by them is of great importance, and if followed up will materially advance our operations.

Respectfully, yours,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

