
JUNE 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Headquarters Third Division, Sixth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Wright directs me to say that he transmits the within to you with great pleasure.

Your obedient servant,

R. F. HALSTED,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

June 2, the captured works were altered and strengthened for defensive operations. No general engagement occurred on this day, but skirmishing and artillery fire continued. On the 3rd of June Colonel John W. Horn assumed temporary command of the brigade in consequence of the indisposition of Colonel Smith. The brigade formed (One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio in the first line, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery in the second, and third lines, and the Sixth Maryland, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania in the fourth line), moved forward about 6 a.m. June 3, a distance of 200 yards, and then, under a heavy fire of the enemy, intrenched, using bayonets, tin cups, and plates for this purpose. Many valiant officers were killed and wounded on this day. From the 3rd to the 10th gradual approaches were made toward the enemy's works by means of zig-zag lines. Heavy firing was constantly kept up along the lines. The Third Division moved to the rear and left about 2 a.m. June 11, and halted in rear of the Second Division, Second Army Corps. At dusk the division relieved the portion of the line then occupied by the Second Division, Second Army Corps. Colonel Smith resumed command of the brigade June 12.*

I am, captain, truly, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 173. Report of Colonel John W. Horn, Sixth Maryland Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLS, September 14, 1864.

SIR: I hereby transmit you a detailed account of the operations of this regiment from May 4, 1864, to July 9, 1864:

I.

On the 3rd day of May my regiment was on picket, I being division officer of the day. At noon was ordered to report to General Ricketts, and from him received orders to withdraw my pickets at 8 a.m. that day, as the corps was to move at 4 a.m. next morning. At the appointed time I withdrew the line and reached camp about midnight. Next morning, May 4, moved from camp with 419 muskets and 23 officers in line, taking the road to Germanna Ford, which

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

