
we reached and crossed about 4 p.m., and went into camp for the night, supporting the artillery of the corps, who had also encamped for the night. Just before 6 a.m. on the 5th Brigadier General T. Seymour arrived and assumed command of the brigade, relieving Colonel B. F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Next morning [?], May 5, marched at daylight in the direction of the Wilderness by the plank road, about 4 miles, but found we had passed the point where the brigade was to turn to the right; consequently we had to countermarch, and moved back about 1 mile, turning to the left into the woods, and took up a position on the right of our corps; our brigade being formed in two lines of battle, my regiment and the One hundred and tenth Ohio forming the first line, my regiment being on the left, connecting with the Fourth New Jersey Regiment, of the First Division Sixth Army Corps. As soon as the line was formed, I was ordered to throw out one company from my regiment as skirmishers, relieving a portion of the Fourth New Jersey and covering my own regimental front. This I did, and they at once became heavily engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. About 5 p.m. I received orders that the enemy's works were to be charged, and that I should move forward the moment the First Division on my left did. At a few minutes past 5 p.m. the lines went forward with a shout, driving the enemy before them until we came upon their works, when we were checked, and a terrible fire of musketry opened upon us. We held the position gained, however, until about 10 o'clock at night, having no orders to fall back, although I had repeatedly reported that I had no support upon my left, the regiment on my left having fallen back as soon as checked by the enemy. Shortly after (as near as I can remember) I received orders to fall back, which I did. I fell back about 200 yards, and formed the remainder of my regiment in line of battle, ordering them to rest upon their arms. In the engagement I lost heavily in officers and men, some of my dead and wounded falling into the hands of the enemy.

May 6.-I was with my regiment withdrawn from the first line just before day, and took up position in the second line, covering and supporting the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, which was in the first line. As soon as it was day skirmishing commenced in our front, and about 9 a.m. we were again ordered to charge the enemy's works. The line went forward with a yell, but were soon checked by a heavy fire of musketry from the works of the enemy. At this time I held a position in the rear of the first line, sheltered by a rise in the ground, and about 35 yards from the line engaged. I was ordered forward from this position to within about 20 yards of the first line, where there was no shelter. I remained in this position during the entire engagement, and suffered severely, although the men were lying down all the time. Shortly after 10 a.m. the line withdrew, and strong skirmish line established, which engaged the enemy. About 2 p.m. General Shaler came up with a brigade of the First Division and took post upon our right. About 3 p.m. I was assigned to the command of General Shaler, and took post near the left of his line. I was then informed that General Shaler was to charge the enemy's works with his command, and bayonets were fixed for that purpose. Shortly after, however, we fell back a short distance and began throwing up earth-works. There not being a sufficient number of entrenching tools, and not being permitted to cut any timber, our progress was necessarily

