
slow. I was compelled to wait until the One hundred and twenty-second New York on my left had completed the work in their front before I could get the tools. After finishing their own work officers and men worked with a will, aiding my regiment in the completion of our work, which was finished in a short time, and the tools turned over to Colonel Cross, on my right. About this time the firing had almost ceased in our front. Near sundown, however, the enemy having massed heavily on our right, charged and drove in the regiments of General Shaler's command on my right in the utmost confusion, the enemy pressing on their flank and rear. To prevent the capture of my whole command, I ordered my command to fall back, which was done, but they soon became mixed up with other troops, and panic and confusion ensued. General Shaler did all that man could do to rally his troops, being captured by the enemy while so engaged. After considerable exertion, assisted by Captain (now Major) Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Lieutenant Ocker, of my regiment, and another officer, whose name I do not now remember, we succeeded in rallying quite a number of the men, and marching them back to the line held by Colonel (now General) Upton. Here I was joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Ebright, who had also succeeded in rallying quite a number of the men of our brigade. About 10 p.m. the enemy again made an attack upon the line held by General Upton in our front, but were easily driven back.

II.

May 7.-Moved by the left flank about 2 p.m. to a point near the Wilderness Tavern, and took up a position. At daylight the enemy made a show of attack, but were severely punished, and driven back by the artillery in position. During the day we were joined by the rest of the regiment, which had gotten separated from us in confusion occasioned by the turning of our flank on the 6th instant. We remained in this position until 8 p.m., when we took up the line of march for Spotsylvania Court-House. This march was very slow and tedious, the men dropping to sleep at every halt. On the 8th found the enemy in strong position, and at once made preparation to storm his works. This was abandoned, however, and we moved forward as much as possible without bringing on an engagement. Early in the morning of the 9th skirmishing began, and continued during the entire day. In the morning threw up a line of entrenchments remained in this position during the day. About 5 p.m. sent 90 men, under the command of Lieutenants Kuhn and Orr, upon the skirmish line; about 1 p.m. General Sedgwick was killed by a sharpshooter near the right of my regiment.

May 10.-Early in the morning heavy skirmishing commenced, which was continued throughout the entire day. Some desperate fighting took place on our right, the enemy endeavoring to break through our lines. During the day Lieutenant David G. Orr was killed upon my skirmishing line, and quite a number of my men wounded.

May 11.-Opened with heavy skirmishing along our entire front; about 10 a.m. heavy artillery practice; shelled during the day, but sustained no loss. About 4 p.m. I was relieved and ordered with my regiment to guard the corps train. I left the front about 5 p.m. and joined the train at their park on the plank road. The march

47 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

