
here was rather severe on account of the rain and mud. On reaching the train I established guards and went into camp for the night. Next morning, May 12, started in the direction of Fredericksburg, guarding the train. The march was very severe on the men, made so by the heavy rains and the wretched condition of the roads; about noon we reached a point about 3 miles from Fredericksburg, where the trains went into park. Upon the assembling of my regiment I received an order to report back to my division at once, as every available man was required at the front. I at once moved out with my regiment and by a forced march reached the front again, between 3 and 4 o'clock, and took up a position with my brigade.

May 13.-Nothing of special interest took place. Read the congratulatory [address] of General Meade to the regiment. Received orders to move at daylight.

May 14.-Moved with the corps, about 6 a.m., to the Richmond and Fredericksburg pike, which position we reached about 11 a.m. and remained until about 3 p.m. We then moved down the pike a short distance, and filed off to the left, forming two lines of battle on the Anderson farm, my regiment being in the front line. Shortly after 5 p.m. we received orders to charge across the Ny River and occupy a position on the opposite side, from which a brigade of the First Division had been arriving a short time previous. At the word the men went forward on a run, but in crossing the river found it so deep in many places as to be over the heads of the men. All the ammunition and most of the rations on the persons of the men were rendered worthless by being submerged in water. We met with no opposition, however, and about dusk began throwing up entrenchments. This being completed we went into camp.

May 15.-We remained in the works, all being quiet in our front.

May 16.-All quiet; had the men engaged in renovating their arms and accouterments.

May 17.-My regiment was detailed for picket, I being detailed as division officer of the day. About 6 p.m. I received orders to advance the picket-line about 1 mile, resting on the Massaponax road. Here my line, while advancing, became exposed by a portion of the First Division line on my right falling to the rear. They were at once advanced again, however, and the line was established. About 10 p.m. I received orders to withdraw my line at 3.30 o'clock next morning, and marched back to battle-ground of the 12th.

May 18.-I withdrew the picket at the hour named, and marched to join the division, which I did about 8.30 a.m. Here we remained until about 4 p.m., when we moved with the corps back to our former position on the Ny, and encamped for the night.

May 19.-Moved out with the corps about 9 a.m., with orders to get as near the enemy's works as possible without bringing on an engagement. This we did, and at once intrenched.

May 20.-The troops rested to-day.

May 21.-Early in the morning my regiment was detailed to assist throwing up a second line of works in rear of the first line and occupied the second. About this the enemy charged our skirmishers, and succeeded in driving them a short distance. About 9 p.m. marched in the direction of Guiney's Station.

May 22.-Crossed the Fredericksburg railroad near Guiney's Station about 7 a.m. In the afternoon crossed White River, and went into camp at sundown near Bowling Green.

