
III.

May 23.-Our brigade was detailed to guard the wagon train, which we did until the afternoon of the 25th. We then left the train, about 1 mile from the river, and crossed, taking a position in the works.

May 26.-Crossed the works and marched for the Virginia Central Railroad, but immediately countermarched and occupied our position in the works. About dusk we again marched out from the works and recrossed the North Anna River, and went into camp near Chesterfield Station about 12 o'clock at night. This march was very severe on the men, a portion of road marched over being knee-deep with mud.

May 27.-Left camp about 8 a.m. and marched in the direction of the Pamunkey River, and encamped within a few miles of it for the night.

May 28.-Crossed the Pamunkey about 12 m. on pontoons, formed line of battle, and intrenched about 2 miles from its southern bank.

May 29.-All was quiet to-day; ordered to be in readiness to support General Russell; received orders to be in readiness to move in the morning.

May 30.-Marched at daylight in a northeastern direction, striking the Hanover Court-House and Richmond pike at the 17-mile post; thence along that road, marching with the corps, to the Totopotomoy. Formed line of battle on the north side of the stream and remained in this position in sight of the enemy until noon of the 31st.

May 31.-Moved across the stream and formed line of battle, the brigade being in two lines; heavy skirmishing all day, the enemy firing from their works.

June 1.-About 12.30 a.m. marched to Cold Harbor; this march was forced, and was the heaviest of the campaign. The day was very warm and the dust heavy, yet the men never marched better, and there was less straggling than on any other march of the same length. We reached this place about 10.30 a.m., and at once threw up earth-works. We had hardly completed them, however, before we moved to the left and formed in four lines of battle previous to charging the enemy's works. I was taken with my regiment from the fourth line and placed in the first, the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left. About 5 p.m. the order was given to forward, which was done with a yell, driving the enemy about 1 1/2 miles, capturing quite a number of prisoners. We were, however, checked by the enemy, who opened a fearful fire of grape upon us, compelling us to fall back until relieved by the lines advancing. Night soon closed the scene, we holding the position gained.

June 2.-Turned the works constructed by the enemy for our own protection.

June 3.-I received orders to assume command of the brigade. At the same time I received orders that the enemy's works were to be charged at once. I formed the brigade in four lines of battle, with bayonets fixed, ready for the charge. I was ordered to move when the Second Division on my right did, but for some cause the charge was not made. In the afternoon I received orders to hold the position gained and intrench it; this was done that night. From the 3rd to the 11th we were approaching the enemy's works by zig-zag

