
lines. On the afternoon of the 10th I received orders to be in readiness to move to the left for the purpose of relieving a portion of the Second Corps. Moved to the left and rear about 2 a.m. June 11. At night relieved the Second Corps, holding a position 50 yards from the works of the enemy.

June 12.-Colonel Smith took command of the brigade. About 10 p.m. moved from the works and marched in the direction of Charles City Court-House, leaving a greater portion of my regiment in the trenches.*

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. HORN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Maryland Vols.

Lieutenant J. A. GUMP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 174. Report of Major Charles Burgess, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations May 26-June 3.
HDQRS. NINTH NEW YORK HEAVY ARTILLERY, September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report as the operations of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, from the time of their arrival at the North Anna River, where they joined the Sixth Anna Corps, up to the embarkation from City Point, July 7:

The regiment, twelve companies, joined the corps on the North Colonel W. H. Seward commanding, joined the corps on the North Anna River on the 26th of May, and were assigned to the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel B. F. Smith.

On the night of the 27th and on the 28th they marched with the division to the Pamunkey, and on the 29th toward Cold Harbor. This day they were in charge of and covered the wagon train. Being in the rear on the night of the 29th they were ordered to report to Colonel Edwards, who detailed two companies for picket duty with his command. On the 30th Companies D and M, and part of E, under Major Charles Burgess, were detailed for picket duty in the front and did not join the regiment until the 2nd of June. On the 31st Companies F, G, I, and L, under command of Major James W. Snyder, were detached from the regiment and placed in the artillery brigade. On the night of the 31st two companies under Colonel Edwards, being relieved from picket, joined the regiment, which joined the brigade, and arrived at Cold Harbor at noon. The regiment proper, Companies A, B, C, H, K, and part of E, participated in the action of the 1st of June, being posted one-half in the front line, and the remainder in the second line of battle, charging the works of the enemy in that position. On the morning of the 2nd of June, the command, under Major Charles Burgess, joined the regiment, and participated in the action of June 3.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHARLES BURGESS,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

