
No. 175. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp in the Field, September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and tenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the several operations of the campaign, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault upon the enemy's position in front of Petersburg:

On the morning of the 4th of May, at 4 o'clock, by order of Colonel B. F. Smith, commanding Second Brigade, the One hundred and tenth Regiment, under command of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, broke camp near Culpeper, Va., and with the balance of the brigade marched about 12 miles, via Stevensburg, to the Rapidan, which it crossed at Germanna Ford at 4 p.m., and encamped for the night. On the morning of the 5th the march was resumed, and continued about 5 miles, which brought us to the Wilderness, when the troops which had crossed the river in advance of us had already become engaged with the enemy. We were then moved to the extreme right of the Federal lines in order to prevent a flank movement by the enemy in that direction. We took up a position, which we occupied for several hours, when a change was made, which threw the One hundred and tenth Regiment on the extreme right of the first line, connecting on its left with the right of the Sixth Maryland Regiment. By order of Brigadier-General Seymour, who had assumed command of the brigade in the morning, our line of skirmishers was advanced, and immediately became engaged with that of the enemy. Brisk skirmishing was kept up for some time, when the order was given to charge. Our lines moved rapidly forward, driving the enemy back to their line of works, where they made a decided stand. A rapid and destructive fire was kept up from both sides for about three hours and until it became so dark that our aim had to be guided by the flash of the enemy's guns. Shortly after dark, when the fight had lasted about two hours, a messenger came along the line, sent by Colonel Keifer, informing me that he was severely wounded, and directing me to take command of the regiment. About the same time Major McElwain was killed. Notwithstanding the enemy had the advantage of fighting from behind breast-works, our men stubbornly held their position until the order was given to fall back; which order, however, was not received until their supply of ammunition had become exhausted. The regiment moved in good order and formed in rear of the second line and laid on arms all night. The loss of the regiment in this engagement was heavy. Major McElwain was killed; Colonel Keifer, Captain Smith, and Lieutenant McKnight were severely wounded; the two last have since died of their wounds. Slightly wounded, Captain Van Eaton, Lieutenants Stevens and McMillen. Enlisted men killed, 13; wounded, 82; missing, 11; total in killed, wounded, and missing, 113.

On the morning of the 6th another charge was made, the One hundred an tenth Ohio forming a part of the second line. During the night the enemy had so strengthened their positin that our efforts to drive them out proved ineffectual. The sound of their

