
axes could be heard from the time the fighting ceased until daylight. A steady fire was kept up, however, for about one hour, when the order was given to cease firing. The One hundred and tenth unavoidably occupied a very exposed position, being on slightly elevated ground, subjecting it to all shots that failed to take effect in the first line. We were also exposed to the fire of artillery, which came obliquely from our front and right. We then moved off by the left flank a short distance, when Shaler's brigade, of the First Division, came up and formed on prolongation of our right, the left of his front lien extending in front of the One hundred and tenth Regiment. We remained in this position until toward evening, the skirmishers and sharpshooters occasionally exchanging shots. A little before dusk rapid firing was heard on the extreme right of the line. It was discovered that the enemy had massed and was turning the right of Shaler's brigade. The whole brigade gave way and came rushing back in wild disorder, completely breaking up our line and rendered further resistance on our part impossible. We fell back, with the balance of the brigade, and took a position about a mile to the left and rear, near the turnpike. The enemy followed us up closely, but, with some loss, were finally compelled to fall back. We remained in this position, threw up a long line of breast-works, and laid on our arms all night. In the operations of the day the One hundred and tenth Regiment lost 3 enlisted men killed, 17 wounded, and 14 missing; total in killed, wounded, and missing, 34. I will not pretend to say upon whom the responsibility for this disaster should rest, but that there was a want of action somewhere will admit of but little doubt, as it was evident to almost every one that during the afternoon a movement on our right was in progress by the enemy.

During the 7th of May we remained in the position we had taken the night before, exposed to occasional shots from the enemy's artillery. Skirmishing was kept up all day in our front. About 10 o'clock on the evening of the 7th we left our position and marched all night and until about 4 p.m. the next day, passing through to Chancellorsville, to the vicinity of Spotsylvania Court-House, where we took a position, which we occupied until about 8 p.m., having 1 man wounded, when another change was made, in which the balance of the night was consumed.

We commenced entrenching just after daylight. In the evening the picket-line, of which the One hundred and tenth Regiment formed a part, was advanced for the purpose of feeling the enemy's position. In this advance the regiment had 1 man killed and 6 wounded. No casualties occurred on the 10th, although we were exposed to a sharp fire all day. On the 11th, at about 8 a.m., we moved a little farther to the left, where we remained during the day. On the 12th, although not actually engaged, we were constantly maneuvering, and during the whole of the day and until 10 o'clock at night were exposed to a destructive fire of musketry and artillery. During the early part of the day we occupied a position between the enemy's artillery and our own, but being protected by light earth-works, but little harm was done us. Captain Spangler, then acting field officer, and Lieutenant Boyer, of Company H, were wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 19 wounded; total, 22. On the 13th we remained exposed to the fire of skirmishers and sharpshooters all day, but no casualties occurred. On the 14th we marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House, waded the Ny River after dusk, wetting and spoiling three

