
days' rations, and occupied the enemy's works, from which they had been driven in the afternoon. About 9 p.m. I was detailed as division officer of the day, and with 200 of the One hundred and tenth Regiment, with a proper number of officers, established a picket-line in front of the division. We were relieved from picket about 3 p.m. of the 15th, when we rejoined the balance of the regiment inside the works. On the 16th we remained quiet all day. On the 17th we moved after dark, and marched all night. On the 18th took a position after daylight, remained a few hours, exposed to the enemy's shells, then returned to our old position, having 2 men killed and 1 wounded. On the 19th of May we moved about 2 miles to the front, where we erected breast-works, and remained all night and during the next day. On the evening of the 21st we commenced evacuating our works. The enemy, discovering the movement, made a violent attack upon our pickets, which compelled us to return. We remained until about 10 o'clock at night daylight at Guiney's Station, on the Richmond and Potomac Railroad. On Sunday, May 22, we marched a short distance from Guiney's Station, halted during the middle of the day, resumed our march about 3 o'clock, and halted for the night at Lebanon Church, having 1 man taken prisoner. On the 23rd we marched as rear guard there being signs of the enemy in that direction; crossed Pole Cat River before dark, and was going on some distance in front. On the 24th marched with supply train.

On the 25th remained quiet most of the day, and in the evening crossed the North Anna River and occupied earth-works erected by our troops. On the 26th the One hundred and tenth Regiment and the Tenth Vermont, under my command as division officer of the day, went on picket. The division moved out at dusk, the pickets remaining to cover the movement. About 11 o'clock at night I withdrew the pickets, recrossed the North Anna at Beaver Dam, marched all night, arriving at Chesterfield Station about noon next day, where three days' rations were issued. We then continued our march and rejoined the brigade just after dark, and encamped for the night on the Taylor plantation, in King William Valley. On the 28th of May we marched until about 2 p.m., crossed the Pamunkey River, threw up works on Dr. G. W. Palmer's farm, and remained all night and during the next day. May 30, marched about 4 miles and formed line in the edge of a woods, where we remained all night. There was some skirmishing in our front. Tuesday morning, 31st, moved a short distance to the left, threw up earthworks, and left them about 10 a.m.

June 1, we marched to Cold Harbor, where we again halted and threw up works. I was detailed as division officer of the day, and went on picket with 250 of the One hundred and tenth Ohio and 150 of the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment, and relieved cavalry picket, which had driven the enemy the day before. Toward evening I received orders to advance the picket-line until I should find the enemy. We immediately deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward until our left came in contact with the enemy's line, when a sharp skirmish commenced. I then swung the right around until the whole line became engaged. We held our position for about two hours, when the Eighteenth Corps came up (the Third Division having moved to the left) and formed three lines of battle in our

