
No. 176. Report of Colonel William H. Ball, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 122nd REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY VOLS., September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to directions from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the campaign south of Rapidan, from May 4 to July 6, 1864:

FIRST PERIOD.

On the morning of the 4th of May the One hundred and twenty-second Regiment, with the corps, marched from near Brandy Station, Va., crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, and bivouacked a mile south of the river. On the 5th instant marched 2 miles up the river, when the regiment formed the right of the second line. After occupying that position a few hours marched to plank road, down the road to the left of the First Division, then up the road and took position on the extreme right of the army, One hundred and twenty-second in second line. My regiment was held in reserve in the assault that afternoon, was made under fire, but not engaged. The regiment bivouacked on the night of the 5th in the position occupied when in reserve, within range of the enemy's musketry and protected only by intervening timbers. In the night 200 of my men and myself were detailed for picket and directed to connect with the right of the First Division. In connecting the pickets of the brigade with those of the First Division, the reserve was necessarily thrown in rear of my regiment and the vedettes but a few paces from the flank. Through the night the rebels were actively engaged in cutting timber, strengthening their works, and moving to our right. Brigadier-General Seymour, who took command of the brigade that morning, was repeatedly notified during the night and early in the morning of the 6th of the movements of the enemy. On the morning of the 6th the works of the enemy were assaulted, my regiment being on the left of the brigade and connecting with the First Division. In the assault my regiment had no support whatever. The men advanced steadily, and when within 70 yards of the breast-works the enemy opened a well-directed fire. A fierce engagement ensued, which lasted nearly an hour; their fire being terribly fatal. The regiment in connection with the troops on the right and left were withdrawn a short distance, but still within range of their sharpshooters, when defenses were thrown up an attack awaited. General Shaler's brigade, First Division, had to be moved to our right after the assault. Six companies of my regiment were in the entrenchments and four companies in the second line, being the left of the brigade. At sunset a feint was made upon our front and a vigorous assault upon our right flank. The regiments on my right gave way one after another. When my regiment was ordered to retreat, there was not a man in the entrenchments on my right or left. So quick were the movements of the enemy that when I first discovered them in our rear, line with all speed. We were then in the midst of extensive woods and thick undergrowth. The turning of our right flank was the result of gross negligence on the part of some general officer, I

