
know not whom. The retreat was necessarily disorderly, there being barely time for possible escape. The regiment assembled during the night and early in the morning of the 7th in rear of the right of the Fifth Corps. Early in the morning of the 7th the rebels moved upon that position, but were repulsed by artillery. The infantry did not become engaged.

SECOND PERIOD.

On the evening of the 7th the regiment with the army moved toward Spotsylvania Court-House, via Chancellorsville, and took position during the afternoon of the 8th, and immediately formed to assault the enemy, the One hundred and twenty-second in fourth line. Thence the regiment was moved to the right to the crest of a hill to prevent a flank movement of the enemy in that direction. Late in the evening the regiment with the brigade moved some 2 miles to the left, where breast-works were constructed, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio in second line. On the 9th the larger part of the regiment was placed upon the skirmish line, and remained three days. Those in line were constantly under fire from the sharpshooters of the enemy and occasional shelling. On the 10th my regiment, with the brigade, supported artillery engaged in shelling the enemy. In the afternoon moved to the left and took position with the brigade on the right of the army and near the point of attack on the enemy's works. The regiment was under fire both of artillery and musketry, but not engaged. On the 11th the entire regiment was placed on picket. Twice in the night the line was attacked, but neither broken nor driven back. On the 14th marched, with the corps, to the left, crossed the River Ny, and took position near the Anderson house,and intrenched, One hundred and twenty-second in second line. On the evening of the 17th moved with the corps to the right to assault the enemy; reached the position at daylight, were shelled, and returned to position left the evening before. On the 19th advanced some 2 miles, took position, and intrenched. On the afternoon of the 21st retired to an intermediate line; pickets vigorously attacked; regiment placed in position to receive an attack. In the evening marched with the corps to the left.

THIRD PERIOD.

During the evening of the 21st moved via Guiney's Station toward the North Anna River, guarding the train until the 25th, when we came to Jericho Ford, on the North Anna, when the regiment was detached to guard the ford.

On the evening of the 26th marched, with the corps, via Chesterfield, crossed the Pamunkey on the 28th, and on the 30th moved toward the Totopotomoy, arriving on the 31st. We moved forward under artillery fire, took position, One hundred and twenty-second Regiment in first line, and found the skirmish line closely engaged. The skirmishers were pressed back to the line of battle, but the rebels fell back without engaging the line, and the skirmishers resumed their position. The regiment was under the skirmish fire of the enemy and lost several men. In the morning moved with the corps to Cold Harbor.

FOURTH PERIOD.

Came to Cold Harbor June 1, in the forenoon. Found the cavalry engaged with the enemy, and threw up breast-works, then moved half a mile to the left and formed to assault, One hundred and

