
twenty-second in fourth line. In the afternoon assaulted the enemy's works; carried and held them. June 2, engaged in strengthening captured entrenchments. On the morning of June 3 again assaulted the enemy's works (One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio constituting the first line of the brigade, Second Division, on right, First Brigade on left), when within 300 yards of the rebel defenses, and halted. The One hundred and tenth Ohio moved forward (under brigade orders). I being governed by the right moved my regiment with it, but discovering when the line had advanced 50 yards that the Second Division remained in position, I ordered my regiment to halt, the right flank of the brigade being disconnected from the Second Division, and unprotected. We remained in that position under a severe fire, which could not be effectively returned, several hours. I then, in connection with the regiment on my right, withdrew to the line from which it last moved, when, under fire, we intrenched. Four lines of works were constructed, all under fire, and occupied until the night of the 10th, regiments changing position daily, when the regiment, with the brigade, moved a mile to the left, and on the 11th relieved a part of the Second Corps, occupying a second line of entrenchments. On the night of the 12th moved back a half mile to a line of works constructed that day.

About 2 a.m. on the 13th marched for Charles City Court-House, crossing the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge.*

W. H. BALL,

Colonel 122nd Ohio Volunteers.

[Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.]

No. 177. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Aaron W. Ebright, One hundred and Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 126TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to instructions, I have respectfully to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the present campaign from May 4, 1864, to July 9, 1864:

I.

On the 3rd day of May, 1864, the regiment, numbering 23 commissioned officers and 555 enlisted men present for duty, then lying winter quarters at Brandy Station, Va., was ordered to be in readiness to move at daylight on the following morning. At the appointed time I moved with the brigade in direction of the Rapidan River, which stream we reached and crossed without opposition at 4 p.m., and encamped for the night a short distance from the southern bank. During the afternoon of the succeeding day we marched into the Wilderness, meeting the enemy about dark on the extreme right of the line and engaging him until after night-fall. My regiment being in the second line of battle, suffered but a loss of 2 enlisted men wounded. We lay on our arms during the entire night, often disturbed by volleys fired from the skirmish line. The following morning I was ordered into the front line of battle. At daylight skirmishing was

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

