
was sent out on the skirmish line. My regiment lay this day near its former position, having moved but a short distance to the left. This afternoon it rained very heavily, continuing nearly all night. On the morning of the 12th of May artillery firing between the enemy's batteries and our own was very severe. About 9 a.m. we marched to the left, where heavy fighting was in progress. The division having been formed in position about noon, my regiment was detached from the division and sent to support Brigadier-General Wheaton's brigade, of the Second Division, Sixth Army Corps. Here I marched over several lines of battle to the front line and within about 100 yards of the enemy's works, where we engaged him until 50 rounds of ammunition were expended, and until every fourth man had been killed or wounded, then retiring to the rear in good order. This I consider the most severe engagement in which my regiment participated during the present campaign. Early in this engagement I was struck by a musket-ball on the head, which glancing inflicted no serious injury. I was, however, knocked down and render unfit for duty during the remainder of the day. My regiment in this day's battle lost 16 enlisted men killed and 1 officer and 53 enlisted men wounded. The entire regiment was not engaged at this place, part having been left on the skirmish line in front of our former position.

May 13, the enemy having been driven from his works by yesterday's fighting, we were ordered on a reconnaissance, and soon found the enemy in force. In the evening we moved back to a position near the battle-ground of the 12th, and rested during the night under orders to move with the corps at daylight. In the morning of the 14th we moved in direction of the Richmond and Fredericksburg turnpike, crossing the River Ny in line of battle in the evening and securing a position on the heights south of that stream, where we intrenched during the night. During the 15th and 16th our position was unchanged. About sunset on the 17th we received an order to put ourselves in readiness to move at once. At dark we moved out and marched very show, but continually, during the night, arriving at a point near the battle-ground of the 12th soon after daylight the following morning. Soon after getting in position the enemy opened on us with shot and shell, killing and wounding several in the brigade, but fortunately for my regiment, it suffered no loss. Having lain under artillery fire some hours, we returned to yesterday's position without an engagement. On the 19th we moved forward as far as possible without bringing on an engagement and intrenched, having advanced about 2 miles. But little skirmishing occurred during the day.

May 20, skirmishing was very brisk. About noon on the 21st we moved to the right and a few hundred yards to the rear into a new line of works parallel to those we left just being completed. A short time before sunset a sharp skirmish took place, in which the enemy drove our skirmish line into the line of works we had recently abandoned. At 10 p.m. we left the works and marched for Guiney's Station.

III.

The march from Spotsylvania Court-House to the North Anna River was not attended with any fighting, the regiment with the brigade acting as guard to the trains. In this capacity we moved with the trains until the evening, of the 25th, when, leaving them, we

