
crossed the North Anna and took a position behind a line of breast-works. On the morning of the 26th we crossed the works and marched forward across the Central railroad, but immediately countermarched to the works again. During the night it rained very heavily. At dusk in the evening we recrossed the North Anna, marching with much difficulty over roads rendered almost impassable with mud and water, arriving at Chesterfield Station at about 12 midnight. At 6 o'clock on the following morning we took up the line of march in direction of Pamunkey, halting within a few miles of the river, and remained in position during the night. At 12 m. on the 28th we crossed the Pamunkey on pontoons and threw up breast-works on high ground 2 miles from the southern bank. At 3 p.m. on Sunday, the 29th, we were ordered under arms, to be in readiness to support General Russell's division in a reconnaissance; lay during the night in the works. Moved at daylight on the 30th in a northwestern direction, striking the Hanover Court-House and Richmond road at the 17-mile post, following this road 1 1/2 miles. The regiment moved with the corps to the Totopotomoy, and formed in line of battle on the north side of that stream. Remained in position in sight of the enemy until 12 m. on the 31st, when we moved across the stream to the front. The brigade was here formed in two lines of battle, my regiment in the front line. Two of my companies were on the skirmish line. At one time during the afternoon the enemy drove the skirmish line back upon the line of battle, but advanced no farther. In this skirmish I had 1 man wounded. In the evening the remaining eight companies of my regiment were detailed for picket duty. Soon after dark 100 of my picket detail returned and rested near the rear line of battle.

IV.

At 1 a.m. June 1, leaving the picket out, we commenced the march for Cold Harbor. Having reached a point near the enemy, after a march rendered doubly severe by heat and dust, at 10.30 a.m., we rested a short time and commenced work on a line of breast-works. Before they were completed, however (our pickets having arrived in the mean time much exhausted and hungry), the brigade was moved to the left and formed in four lines of battle, preparatory to charging the enemy's works. My regiment in this charge was placed on the right of the rear line. General Smith's troops having arrived, and all preparations having been completed, we advanced with a yell upon the enemy, driving him in confusion form his works, and capturing many prisoners. Although having been placed in the rear line immediately on crossing the enemy's works, by some mistake I found myself in the front, which position I held during the night. In this charge I had but 1 officer and 9 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing.

June 2, having reconstructed the enemy's works for our own protection, my regiment remained in them until evening, then moved to the rear. I had 2 men wounded this day.

From the 3rd to the 11th the regiment took its regular turn in going to the front without any unusual occurrences. On the 6th I had 1 officer killed, shot through the head by a rebel sharpshooter. About 2 a.m. on the 11th I moved with the brigade to the rear, halting at daylight and remaining in the rear during the day. At night fall we moved to that part of the front line occupied by the Second Army Corps, relieving the troops there. The brigade was

