
here formed in two lines of battle, my regiment in front. Our front line in this place was between 50 and 75 yards from the enemy. In this position we lay until 10 p. m. of the 12th, when, leaving 150 men of my regiment in the works, we commenced the movement in direction of the Charles City Court-House. During the march from Cold Harbor to the James River no occurrence of an unusual nature took place. The Sixth Corps was the last to reach the James River, being in rear of the army.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. EBRIGHT,

Lieutenant Colonel 126th Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 178. Report of Colonel Matthew R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 138TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received in Special Orders, Numbers 174, dated headquarters Sixth Army Corps, August 20, 1864, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the Army of the Potomac from the 4th day of May to the 9th day of July, 1864.

PART I.

On the 4th day of May, at daylight, this command marched with its proper organization from camp near Culpeper, Va., and proceeded to Germanna Ford, where the Rapidan River was crossed by means of a pontoon bridge and beyond which a short distance the troops bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 5th instant the march was again resumed, and this brigade, commanded by Brigadier General T. Seymour, was subjected to considerable marching and countermarching in the vicinity of the Wilderness battle-ground, before it was assigned a position in the engagement, which was then regains with great fury. Late in the afternoon the command reached the extreme right of the Sixth Corps line, where it was at once formed. About dark an advance was ordered (this regiment forming part of the second line of battle), which was soon checked by a severe fire from the enemy in our front, and we were finally withdrawn a short distance and allowed to remain quiet during the night. In the mean time the enemy could be heard chopping trees and fortifying in our front and beyond and opposite our right flank. I personally reported this face the General Seymour and recommended him to take measured to prevent a flank attack. Early on the morning of the 6th instant an assault against the enemy's works was ordered, but after advancing through an almost impenetrable thicket, under an enfilanding and most destructive fire, we were compelled to half and ultimately to retire to our original position. The behavior of the men was remarkably creditable, and the losses were very severe. In the afternoon, about 6 p. m., while the troops were cooking supper (by order of the brigade commander), a sudden attack was made upon our right flank, and before

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

