
the men were properly under arms the Fourth Brigade, of the First Division, was hurled upon us in confusion by an overwhelming enemy, and soon the panic spread, resulting in a disorderly and hasty retreat to the Chancellorsville road, where the troops were rallied, and on the following morning formed in a new position in earth-works.

PART II.

At 9.30 p. m. May 7 the troops moved by the left flank, and marched all night, via Chancellorsville. On the 8th we moved on toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and in the afternoon were formed for a charge (which was not, however, made), and during the night the troops were placed in good position, which was immediately fortified. In this position constant skirmishing and occasional cannonading but no general engagement occurred. On the 12th instant, the day of the great battle, this division was in support of the First and Second Divisions, and was not heavily engaged. On the 14th instant we marched to the Fredericksburg and Richmond turnpike, and in the afternoon reached the Ny River, through which we charged and gained the heights beyond, where we entrenched. On the night of the 17th instant we marched back to the old position of the Second Corps at Spotsylvania, where quite a brisk engagement ensued on the following morning, in which we participated but slightly, although exposed to heavy shelling.

On the 18th instant, p. m., we returned to our former position beyond the Ny River. On the 19th of May our line of battle was advanced, and on the 21st instant withdrawn a short distance.

PART III.

At dark 21st instant a movement to the left was commenced which continued all night and the following day, by the way of Guiney's Station, Fredericksburg railroad, and by a road running parallel with the railroad west of Bowling Green southward. The march was continued until the 24th instant when we reached the North Anna River, our brigade as rear guard. On the 25th the river was crossed, and on the 26th a movement to Noel's Station, Virginia Central Railroad, was made. On the same night the troops recrossed the river and marched to Chesterfield Station.

PART IV.

On the 27th we marched to Sailor's Ford, on the Pamunkey River, where, on the following day, the river was crossed, and beyond which we occupied a strong position and entrenched. On the 30th of May the command marched at daylight to the Richmond road, and advanced some distance; but orders where received to countermarch, and afterward a movement to the left in connection with the Second Corps was made. On the 31st instant an advance was ordered and some fighting occurred in our front. In the evening entrenchments were thrown up, and at midnight another movement to the left was commenced and continued all night and the following day (June 1), in the afternoon of which we arrived at Cold Harbor. At 5 p. m. we were ordered to attack the enemy, and our brigade was formed in four lines of battle, this regiment and the Sixth Maryland Volunteers composing the first line. A brilliant advance was made, and notwithstanding the difficulties encountered in a dense thicket and swamp, the rifle-pits and entrenchments of the enemy were captured

