
and held. A considerable number of prisoners were taken by this regiment in the earth-works, and a battery, which had caused us much loss, barely escaped falling into our possession. On the 2nd instant the captured works were altered and strengthened for defensive operations. No movement of importance occurred in our front, and no general engagement was brought about, but continued skirmishing and cannonading were kept up. On the 12th instant we relieved a portion of the Second Corps, and at night the whole line retired to new works in our rear.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. McCLENNAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

Numbers 179. Daily Memoranda of Artillery Brigade, commanded by Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, May 4-June 4.

May 4.-Brigade moved with corps from winter camp near Brandy Station at 4 a. m. Crossed the Rapidan River in afternoon, and encamped 2 1\2 miles south on Germanna plank road in evening.

May 5.-Brigade moved with corps at 6 a. m. on Germanna plank road bout 2 1\2 miles to intersection of plank road and Orange Court-House and Fredericksburg road, when, the enemy being met in force, the corps was established in line and the artillery massed in its rear.

May 6.-Under arms at 5 a. m., Major Sears' battalion Fourth New York Artillery, reported at 10.45 a. m., through Brigadier-General Wright, commanding First Division, Sixth Army corps, to Brigadier-General Neill, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, temporarily attached to First Division. Captain Adams, commanding Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, was placed in position to command the Orange Court-House road in the afternoon. At 7.30 p. m. the right and rear of General Sedgwick's command being attacked and the right and wing of the corps completely turned, one section of Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Captain W. B. Rhodes commanding, was placed on the plank road, commanding it toward Germanna Ford. Captains McKinght's and McCartney's batteries, Batteries M, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and A, Massachusetts Artillery, were placed in position on side of camp, bearing on the same road. The remainder of the brigade, wagons, &amp;c., were sent to rear of Captain Adams' battery.

May 7.-At 10 a. m. Captain McKinght's and McCartney's batteries reported to Brigadier-General Ricketts, established on left of General Sedgwick's line, resting near the Orange Court-House road. The following was the position at 11 a. m., without regard to cardinal points.+

The line was extended to right in p. m. to resist an anticipated attack. Brigade moved with corps at 9.30 p. m. toward Chancellorsville and Piney Branch Church, in following order: First Divis-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+See diagram, p. 754.

---------------

48 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

