
May 18.-An assault was made on the enemy's works early in the morning. None of the brigade engaged. The brigade returned to camp on the Po River with the corps. In the afternoon McKnight and Harn were placed in position on the south side of the Po, near house. Batteries unharnessed for night.

May 19.-In afternoon brigade moved over to south side of Ny River.

May 20.-New lines constructed during the night. Line established farther south of river and entrenchments made. Russell on right; Neill in center; Ricketts on left, connecting with Burnside (Ninth Army Corps).

May 21.-Moved late in afternoon onto the ridge road, to follow Burnside's corps. Just before dark a rebel brigade advanced on the line held by Sixth Corps, causing a detention of several hours. Fourth New York Battalion reported to General Ricketts for duty. Column moved about midnight.

May 22.-Column halted in morning at Guiney's Station. Batteries watered, fed, &amp;c. Marched to Madison's. Encamped at 10 p. m.

May 23.-Moved from Madison's at 5 a. m. to North Anna River by Carmel Church. Batteries encamped half a mile from river at 9 p. m.

May 24.-Ordered to be in readiness to move at 5 a. m. Day of rest. The brigade moved to south bank of North Anna River in afternoon. McKnight and Harn relieved two batteries of Fifth Corps.

May 25.-Moved at 6 a. m. from Hall's Station to point near intersection of Little River of Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad. Established line on right of General Warren during afternoon. Lieutenant-colonel Monroe was left at river with four batteries, Brinckle, Rhodes, Waterman, and Adams, with battery wagons, forges, &c., McCartney, Cowan, Stevens, and Kimball were placed on line, commencing from the left; McKnight, Dorsey, Hexamer, and Harm were held in reserve.

May 26.-At 2 a. m. McKnight's Dorsey's, and Hexamer's batteries were carried to rear to Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe. Colonel Monroe was ordered to take these three batteries and two of the batteries under his command on the right of the line over the river to the north bank, leaving two batteries in position on right of line.

May 27.-Corps moved at dark by Jenks' Bridge and Mount Carmel Church, on road nearest Pamunkey River, toward Hanovertown; continued on road all Friday (27th May), encamping at sunset near Taylor's house, 3 miles from river.

May 28.-Crossed Pamunkey River and massed on opposite side about 9 a. m. Day occupied in establishing line.

May 29.-In camp 1 mile from Pamunkey River. Headquarters at Pollard's house. Sixth Corps on right of army line.

May 30.-Moved from Pollard's house to Peake's Station, on railroad, at daylight. Remained there from 7 a. m. to 2 p. m. Moved to Overton's place (Oak Forest). Line established. Harn and Dorsey put in position. Ricketts, Russell, Neill, from left to night. Harn and Dorsey on Neill's line.

May 31.-Waterman and Cowan put in position on General Russell's right. Corps was placed under orders to move at 11 p. m. Marched at midnight to Cold Harbor, reaching it about 10 a. m. on 1st June.

