
June 1.-Conjunction with General Smith. Line established. Smith on right, Wright on left. (Smith Corps line, from left to right, Neill, Russell, Ricketts.) Smith, Hexamer, Harn, McCartney, Dorsey, Rhodes, Brickle. The latter did no firing. Do not know whether battalion was in or not.

June 2.-Hexamer relieved by Second Corps battery. Adams and Cowan put in on left of Harn. At noon, by order of General Hunt, Hexamer was ordered to report to Captain Elder, chief of artillery, Eighteenth Corps. McCartney and Rhodes advanced to a new line and entrenched, leaving Dorsey in rear. Brinckle was withdrawn, the line being advanced. An attack ordered for 5 p. m.; postponed to 3rd June, at 4.30 a. m.

June 3.-Attack occurred at 4.30 a. m.

Relative position of batteries:

'''' '''' '''' '''' ''''

Adams. Cowan. Harm. McCartney. Rhodes.

''''

Dorsey.

Harn and Adams report to General Russell; Rhodes and White report to General Ricketts; McCartney and Cowan report to General Neill for service if they should be required; were not used. Stevens placed in front and right of Rhodes. Attack gained but little. Orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac to suspend attack at 1.30 p. m., intrench, including abandoned positions, with a view to moving against the enemy's works by regular approaches.

Numbers 180. Report of Captain Charles W. White, Fourth Maine Battery.
HDQRS. FOURTH BATTERY MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of Fourth Battery Maine Volunteers from May 4 to July 30, 1864:

May 4, at 4 a. m. the Fourth Battery Maine Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Melville C. Kimball, broke camp at Brandy Station, Va., and at 6 o'clock marched toward the Rapidan, which we crossed at Germanna Ford at 3 p. m. After crossing the river, the battery moved about 1 mile down the plank road the went into camp for the night. Early the next morning the battery resumed its march down the plank road leading the Fredericksburg. After marching about 4 miles, our advance came to the rebel pickets, which were driven in. Our corps immediately formed in line of battle. There being no position for artillery, the batteries went into park on the left of the road near Wilderness Tavern, and remained harnessed, ready to move at a moment's notice, during the afternoon and night. The next morning obtained two days' rations and one day's forage. Fighting commenced very early in the morning on our right; very little artillery engaged. At 10 a. m. moved out and went into position near the road leading to Ely's Ford. We remained quiet an undisturbed in that position until just dark, when the enemy made a fearful charge on our right and succeeded in turning it, and for an hour there was a stream of demoralized men

