
passing through the battery on their way to the rear. We immediately changed our front; put the pieces in position to cover our forces if obliged to fall back. At 12 o'clock that night received orders to be ready to move at daylight, but did not move until 8 a. m., when we moved to the extreme right of the line, and went into position, Generals Sedgwick, Neill, and Russell, and Colonel Tompkins, being present and superintending the forming of the line and throwing up breast-works, as it was expected the enemy would follow up the advantage gained the previous day, but they made no demonstrations except driving in our pickets. After dark, near 8 o'clock, we moved from our position and marched all night for Spotsylvania Court-House. On the morning of the 8th arrived at Spotsylvania Court-House; moved up to the front, but there being no position for us, went back into park and unharnessed.

May 9, harnessed up early in the morning, but did not leave the park during the day; at night unharnessed. May 10, harnessed up again early in the morning; remained harnessed all day. At night moved up to the front. May 11, marched to the extreme right of the line. By order of Colonel Tidball, chief of artillery, Second Corps, sent one section on a reconnaissance with a brigade of infantry. May 12, harnessed up at 2 a. m., and reported with the battery to the chief of our command. Was immediately put into position. In taking the position was under fire of infantry and artillery. Two horses were shot and 1 man missing while going into position. At night moved back into a field and went into camp. May 13 harnessed up at 8 o'clock. At 10 moved back into the position occupied by us on the 12th, but there was no force in our front. May 14, moved out of park at 9 p. m.; marched all night over a very rough road; did not advance more than 3 miles during the night. May 15, remained in park near Ny River until dark, when we moved out and went into position. May 16 and 17, battery was in position near the Anderson house. On the 17th we turned in two guns and 12 horses, with harness complete. On the night of 17th moved out onto the Fredericksburg road and moved toward the right, there being a heavy engagement going on at the time, but did not go into position, as the Second Corps artillery, which was in position, was thought sufficient. We remained on the right but a short time, and then went back into position on the ground we left on the 17th, and remained there during the next day until near dark, when we crossed the Ny River and went into park. Remained the 20th, and until 3 p. m. the 21st, when we moved up into breast-works in the night ended our campaign near Spotsylvania Court-House and Ny River. At 8 o'clock we withdrew from the line, and commenced the march for the North Anna River. In the campaign of Spotsylvania Court-House and Ny River we expended only 50 rounds of ammunition; lost no material or men. Our horse begin to show the effects of our rapid marches and short feed, but we lost only 1 horse from disease or exhaustion.

The march to the North Anna was very rapid, but were on good roads most of the time. We accomplished the march without loss of any material. We crossed the river at 6 p. m. on the 24th, and camped for the night. Next morning was on the march. Crossed the Gordonsville railroad and went into position. Lieutenant C. W.

