
them have either reached their destination or are sure to so do within an hour. Warren came upon the rear guard of Ewell's corps, about half-way between Madison's Ordinary and the crossing of the Mat, and some artillery was fired, but there was no fighting. Warren made prisoners of some 50 stragglers. Burnside holds the crossing of the Mat in his line of march, and as Hancock's whole force is already on the other side of that river, no resistance is likely to be made to the enemy will probably be on the North Anna, contact with the enemy will probably be on the North Anna, one day's march from here over. The country continues favorable, with broad fields and fine roads. The cattle of the plantations have all been driven from our line of march, and the negroes removed mostly to Danville.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MONCURE'S PLANTATION, NEAR MOUNT CARMEL CHURCH,

May 23, 1864-10 p.m. (Received 3 p.m., 24th.)

Our right wing, under General Warren, moving from Harris' Store, reached the North Anna at 1 p.m. The stream is here about 150 feet wide, with bluff banks from 50 to 75 feet high; at Jericho Mills it is fordable.

The left wing, under Hancock, advanced from Milford Station toward Taylor's Bridge, and at about 1 p.m. passed a small creek about 1 mile this side of the Anna. The name of this creek I have not learned. Burnside's corps, moving from Bethel Church through circuitous plantation roads, with its march frequently interrupted, did not reach its destination on the Ox Ford, between Hancock's and Warren's position, until dark, and consequently could take no part in the action of the evening.

Wright followed after Warren, endeavoring, with indifferent success, to find a road to his right. In fact, the operations of the day have been much embarrassed by our ignorance of the road, and the entire incorrectness of our maps. As soon as Warren reached Jericho Mills he pushed his sharpshooters across the stream, which is easily fordable at that place, followed by a compact body of infantry. A South Carolina regiment posted to watch the crossing at once gave way, leaving a single prisoner in his hands, from whom he learned that Wilcox's division was drawn up to receive him beyond the railroad. Under the orders of General Grant he promptly threw across the pontoon bridge, over which he rapidly moved his artillery, at the same time urging forward his infantry by the ford as well as by the bridge, and by 5 o'clock had crossed his entire command, taking up a position of great strength. He rapidly commenced entrenching himself, Griffin's division extending its lines beyond the railroad. At 6 o'clock he was attacked with great vehemence by a rebel force, which he reports as the entire corps of Longstreet. At this hour we have no details of the result, except that the attack was triumphantly repulsed. At the distance of 4 miles from the scene it has not yet been possible to procure detailed information, but I have never heard more rapid or more massive firing, either of artillery or

