
White joined the battery and took command. At night we threw up breast-works near Little River. The next morning we changed our position and threw up another set of works, and at dark we moved from the works, recrossed the North Anna, and marched to Chesterfield, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, where we halted for a short time to obtain rations and forage. We then marched toward Hanover Court-House. On the 28th crossed the Pamunkey and marched about 1 mile, to Hanovertown, and camped for the night. Next morning, the 29th, the battery marched with the First Division, Sixth Corps, under command of General Russell, on a reconnaissance to Hanover Court-House. Reached the Court-House near dark. Camped in line of battle that night. Next morning moved on to the pike road leading to Richmond. Went to within 15 miles of Richmond, where we joined our corps. We remained in a field until 4 p. m., when we marched to Oak Grove house, and remained in park all day. Next morning, June 1, left camp near Oak Grove house at 2 a. m., and marched until 12 m., when we reached Cold Harbor. Found the enemy in force. The battery immediately went into position under a heavy fire, and engaged the enemy's artillery for three hours, throwing most of the time caseshot. Had 1 man wounded. Horses were well covered. In that engagement we fired 250 rounds of ammunition. During the night we threw up fortifications, and next morning opened on their works, but they made no reply. Remained in position until the 3rd, when we reported to General Ricketts, of the Third Division. He having no position for artillery, we went into camp near our lines, and while in camp was often subject to quite severe shelling from the enemy's spent shot. While in this camp had 2 horses killed by shell. From the 3rd to the 12th we remained in camp, refitting the battery and recruiting our horses; also drew a few horses-the first since we left Brandy Station. On the 12th the battery went into position on the right of a line of works thrown up to protect the withdrawal toward the James. We remained in position until all of the troops had been withdrawn from the front.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. WHITE,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Colonel TOMPKINS,

Chief of Artillery, Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 181. Report of Captain Greenleaf T. Stevens, Fifth Maine Battery.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

I.

On Monday 4 the battery broke camp near Rappahannock Station and marched with the Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve, to which it was attached, and crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford and encamped for the night near the battle-field of Chancellorsville. Dur-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

