
ing the battle of the Wilderness the battery changed position several times with the brigade, but did not participate in that engagement.

II.

On May 17, at Fredericksburg, received orders to report to Colonel C. H. Tompkins, commanding the artillery of the Sixth Corps, and on May 21 engaged the enemy near Spotsylvania Court-House, expending 118 rounds of ammunition.

III.

May 22, marched with the Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, to Guiney's Station, and encamped at Clifford's Store, 6 miles beyond. May 23, marched, and encamped near the North Anna. May 24, crossed the North Anna at Jericho Ford, and encamped on the right bank of the river. May 25, crossed the Virginia Central Railroad and went into position near Little River, and threw 11 shot at the enemy, while re-enforcing their picket.

IV.

May 26, recrossed the North Anna and marched to Chesterfield Station; and on the 27th marched 18 miles and encamped on the north or left bank of the Pamunkey. may 28, marched with the Third Brigade, Second Division, forming advance guard, and crossed the Pamunkey, and took a position on the road running parallel with the river, and threw up heavy earth-works. May 30, marched with Edwards' brigade, First Division, forming rear guard, and fired 8 or 10 rounds at the enemy's cavalry, who harassed our rear.

June 1, broke camp at 12 o'clock and marched 15 miles to Cold Harbor. On June 2, by direction of Colonel C. H. Tompkins, Lieutenant Bucklyn, aide-de-camp, and the commanding office of the battery, made a reconnaissance along the front of the First Division to ascertain whether the position would be tenable for artillery, and decided that if proper earth-works were thrown up, artillery could be used to good advantage. Consequently the services of Captain Walker, Fifth Regiment Maine Volunteers, with his company of pioneers, were secured, and as soon as dark earth-works (rude but of a substantial character) were thrown up on the right of the Gaines' Mill road, and at 2 o'clock at night the pieces of one section were placed quietly in the works by hand, it being improper to bring the horses within less than 100 yards, as the least noise would draw the fire of the enemy, who were not more than 275 yards away. Four ammunition chests were dismounted and placed in trenches dug for their security, and such other ammunition taken from the caissons was wrapped in ponchos and placed in the gun-pits as was deemed requisite. The horses and limbers were sent to a morning of the 3rd our lines were advanced, when the battery immediately opened with canister on the enemy, to drive and keep them down in their rifle-pits. During the early part of the day no attention was paid to the enemy's artillery, as their fire appeared to be directed principally at us, and doing but little harm, their projectiles either striking and stopping in the earth in front of the guns, or passing

