
harmlessly overhead, exploding, many of them, far to the rear. A battery that was posted directly in front, at the distance of about 275 yards, when it became troublesome, was twice silenced during the day, spherical case being principally used; time, three-fourths of a second.

On the 4th the battery was not engaged, and on the morning of the 5th, at 2.30 o'clock, the battery was withdrawn, having expended 16 canister, 16 shell, 64 shot, and 128 spherical case.

On June 7 reported with the battery to Major-General Birney, commanding a division of the Second Corps, and was immediately ordered into position on the right of Mott's brigade, which at that time formed the left of the line. On the evening of the 8th received orders from General Birney that for every shot the enemy threw at his headquarters to throw one on Turkey Hill, which was at aright angle with that of the enemy's battery. This practice was continued for an hour or more, when the enemy, discovering the modus operandi, ceased their fire. Ammunition expended, 19 shot and 16 shell. On the 9th engaged the enemy at the distance of 1,000 yards, expending 32 shot, 159 spherical case, and 19 shell, No casualties were met with, as the battery was well protected by earth-works thrown up during the night of the 7th.*

Most respectfully submitted.

G. T. STEVENS,

Captain, Fifth Battery Maine Vols.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 182. Report of Lieutenant Jacob Federhen, First Massachusetts Battery.

CAMP BATTERY A, MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,

August 23, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with paragraph 2, Special Orders, Numbers 174, Sixth Army Corps, I have the honor to transmit the following report in relation to the movements of this command from May 4 to July 30, 1864, viz:

On the 4th of May the battery moved with the brigade, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, up the plank road, and on the 7th and until 8 p. m. of the 8th, was in position in the Wilderness, when the battery moved with the brigade through Chancellorsville to near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va. On the 9th and 10th the battery was engaged, expending 300 rounds of solid shot, 288 rounds caseshot, 120 rounds shell, and 8 canister. On the 10th of May Lieutenant Jacob Federhen severely wounded through both things and Sergt. John H. Burnham slightly in scalp. One caisson stock and two tarpaulins shot through. On the 9th, 10th and 12th lost 5 horse killed. Battery was moving continually from one position to another, from right to left, near Spotsylvania Court-House. Was on picket at the extreme right of the lines on the 20th and 21st, and thence moved to Bleak Hill, where it remained on picket near Anderson's house until 8 a. m. of the 22nd. The battery then moved

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

