
with the brigade via Guiney's Station, thence crossing the North Anna River at Jericho Ford at 7.30 p. m. of the 24th. On the 25th moved to Noel's Station, where the railroad was destroyed. Battery was in position near Anderson's house from about 11 p. m. of the 25th to 7.30 p. m. of the 26th, when it recrossed the North Anna, with the brigade, at Jericho Ford, marching through Chesterfield, thence to Pamunkey River, crossing near Hanovertown on the 28th with the First Division, Artillery Brigade. On the 30th of May marched in direction of Hanover Court-House to Atlee's Station, where the railroad was destroyed; thence marched to near Hanovertown, and on the night of the 31st and morning of June 1 to Cold Harbor, Va. The battery took position on the right of the road near and a little beyond the tavern, and was in action on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, expending 313 rounds of solid shot, 233 case-shot and 80 shell. Lost 5 horses shot.

Private Henry B. Fisher was slightly wounded in thigh on the 1st. Private S. E. Hook severely wounded in left arm on the 2nd, and on the 5th Private David S. Morse was killed during a fierce assault of the enemy in our front. The battery remained at Cold Harbor under a heavy fire of the enemy (and a part of the line cross-fire) from June 1 to the night of the 12th about 11.30 p. m.*

I am, sir, with great respect,

J. FEDERHEN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery A, Massachusetts Arty.

Lieutenant E. N WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 183. Report of Lieutenant Augustin N. Parsons, Battery A, First New Jersey Light Artillery, of operations June 1-11.

BATTERY A, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY,

August 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery, in the marches and engagements commencing on the 1st day of June, 1864. I am not able to give the particulars or details, as I was not in command of the battery at that time, and I have no reliable data to refer to:

On the 1st day of June, about 3.30 p. m., the battery was ordered by the chief of artillery of the Sixth Corps to go into position on the left of the road leading from Cold Harbor to Gaines' Mill, and immediately in front and near the right of General Neill's division, which position the battery occupied for about one hour and a half, which position the battery occupied for about one hour and a half, firing near 200 rounds of shell and case-shot, losing 1 sergeant wounded and 2 horses killed. The battery was then advanced about 500 yards and very near the skirmish line, where it again opened fire upon the enemy's batteries and also upon his infantry, firing at intervals until 10 o'clock at night. During the night temporary earth-works were thrown up to protect the cannoneers, and at daylight the enemy opened upon the battery and the infantry supporting it

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

