
with 12-pounder case-shot, firing a few rounds, which was replied to by this battery and also by Captain Harn's (Third New York) battery, which was posted on the front line and about 400 yards on the right. About 10 a. m. the battery was ordered to withdraw and report to the chief of artillery of the Eighteenth Corps. Captain Sleeper's batter (Tenth Massachusetts) was to take its place. As the battery was being withdrawn the enemy opened a brisk fire with shell and case-shot, wounding First Lieutenant William Jaegle severely, killing the first sergeant, and wounding 2 men; also killed 3 horses and wounded 4. The battery then reported to Captain Elder, chief of artillery of the Eighteenth Corps, remaining in readiness during the night of the 2nd, and at early daylight on the morning of the 3rd of June was ordered into position in an open filed within 650 yards of the enemy's batteries, and within 400 yards of his infantry, who were lying behind earth-works. Batteries B and L, of the Fourth U. S. Artillery, were on the right, and General Brooks' division, of the Eighteenth Corps, on the left, his skirmish line extended along the front of the battery. At the commencement of the attack the firing was very rapid from this battery, and together with Batteries B and L, Fourth U. S. Artillery, soon silenced the enemy's batteries, dismounting the guns of one of his batteries. As soon as it was discovered that the assault by our troops had been unsuccessful, all of the men that could be spared from the guns, together with the drivers of the limbers and caissons, were at once set to work to throw up works, and the ground being very loose and sandy, the men were soon well protected from the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters.

The battery remained in that position until the night of the 11th, when it withdrew with the other troops and reported to the chief of artillery of the Sixth Corps. During the time the battery was under the direction of the chief of artillery of the Eighteenth Corps it fired about 500 rounds, had 3 men wounded and 3 horses killed.

On the night of the 12th of June the battery encamped near the Chickahominy with the other batteries of the Sixth Corps.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. N. PARSONS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, ARTY. Brigadier, SIXTH CORPS.

Numbers 184. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, First New York Battery.

CAMP FIRST NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

August 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery from the 4th day of May to the 30th day of July, 1864:

PART I.

The battery broke winter camp at 4.10 a. m. May 4, and marched with the Artillery Brigade to Germanna Ford and across the Rapidan. Though placed in position on the 7th instant in rear of the new line

---------------

*For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

