
formed by the Sixth Corps, after the giving way of the right wing, the battery had no opportunity for taking any active part in the battle of the Wilderness.

PART II.

The battery marched with the brigade, from its position on the Germanna Ford road, at 9.30 p. m. May 7, and moving via Chancellorsville and Wilderness Tavern, camped on the Piney Branch road, some 2 miles from Old Church, till 1 p. m. May 9, when I received orders from Colonel Tompkins, and placed my guns in battery at the front, on the left of Piney Branch road. Captain McCartney's battery was on my right and the infantry of the First and Second Divisions a short distance in front. I entrenched during the afternoon under a moderate fire from the enemy's battery.

May 10, at 8 a. m., the rebel batteries having opened upon us, we replied, firing slowly and with much accuracy, and silenced the enemy's guns at this and several other times during the day. I received orders at 5 p. m. to open a rapid fire for ten minutes, as our infantry would charge the rebel works at 5.10. Owing to some delay I was obliged to continued firing till 6.10 p. m. (receiving orders from Colonel Tompkins and through Lieutenant-Colonel McMahon), our infantry having carried the works, but retiring again after dark, I resumed firing for half an hour to silence the enemy's guns, which were annoying our troops. This I succeeded in doing.

Captain Adams relieved my battery at 6 a. m. May 11, and I moved to the forks of the Piney Branch and Todd's Tavern road and unharnessed my horses. In an hour was ordered out, and with Major J. A. Tompkins in command, marched some 2 miles to the left and front, returning to the Piney Branch road at 9.30 p. m. and camped for the night. At 9 a. m. the 12th I moved my battery to Landrum's house, under the guidance of an orderly sent by Colonel Tompkins to direct the column. Had to march for about a mile exposed to the fire of the enemy's guns, but fortunately received no damage. Placed four guns in position at Landrum's house. There not being sufficient room for the whole battery, Lieutenant Van Etten's section was parked behind Landrum's house with the caissons. Soon after an attack was made upon our line. The fire finally concentrated at an angle some 600 yards form Landrum's house. A battery of ours, having left its position some 200 yards from this point, I placed Lieutenant Van Etten's section there, by permission of Major-General Birney. This movement afterward received the approval of Colonel Tompkins, who being at some other point on the line at the moment the other battery was driven off, I could not of course have requested the permission of. A section of brass guns were sent by Colonel Tompkins to my assistance. I think we did very good service at this point. After dark entrenched the position, but at midnight the rebels retired.

May 13, I was ordered to go on a reconnaissance with General Rickett's division, but did not advance beyond our own skirmish line, the enemy being found near at hand. Marched with the brigade, May 13, at night from Landrum's house to Willis' Creek, on the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road, where we remained in park till the following day, then moved to Anderson's farm and encamped. The battery was in position with the First Division after the repulse of the rebel attack on our train, and also beyond

