
Willis' Creek, entrenching in both places, but did not have any occasion to fire. The other movements of the battery were simple marches, of no importance in connection with the brigade. My loss in these operations in front of Spotsylvania was very slight, only 3 men wounded severely, and some horses wounded. I expended 708 rounds of ammunition in the engagements mentioned.

PART III.

May 21, at 10 p. m., the battery left its position on Willis' Creek, and with the brigade marched, via Goodloe's Store and Carmel Church, to the south side of the North Anna River. And on the 24th I was ordered to build earth-works and place my guns in position near the house of Edwin Anderson, on Little River, and there I remained till after dark May 25, when we withdrew and recrossed the river, marching the same night to Chesterfield Station.

PART IV.

The battery left Chesterfield Station May 27, and marched with the brigade, via McDowell's Mill, across the Pamunkey River. Was ordered in position near Shallow Creek, and entrenched; marched thence to near Totopotomoy, May 30. The following day went into position with First Division and shelled enemy's works beyond the Totopotomoy; rebels replied with 20-pounder Parrots, but did us no damage. Rejoined the brigade at night, the 31st and marched to Cold Harbor.

June 2, was ordered to build works for any guns on the left of the Gaines' Mill road, in rear of the extreme right of the Second Corps. Placed my guns in the works constructed under fire from the rebel sharpshooters. At 4 p. m. June 3 the right of the Second Corps advanced upon the enemy's works, but was repulsed with severe loss in my front. I was unaware that a charge was intended till i saw the infantry leaving their rifle-pits. As soon as I could do so without injury to our men, I opened fire on the rebel line, silencing their guns, with which they were annoying our troops greatly. I occupied this position till June 12, firing as occasion and the movements of the enemy required. After dark, June 12, I withdrew my guns, after destroying the works, and took up the line of march to the James River. My loss was 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded and a few horses killed and wounded. I expended 325 rounds of ammunition.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW COWAN,

Captain First New York Independent Battery.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 185. Report of Captain William A. Harn, Third New York Battery.

CAMP THIRD NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In conformity with requirements of Orders, Numbers 1, headquarters Artillery Brigade, Sixth Army Corps, I herewith have the

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL. Part I.

---------------

