
honor to submit to you the following report of the operations of my battery, from the 4th May, 1864, to the 31st day of July, 1864:

Moved from Brandy Station at daylight May 4, 1864, and marched to the Rapidan, crossing that rive at Germanna Ford, and going into park a few hundred both days; ordered to the front twice during this time, but after careful reconnaissance upon both occasions, could find no available position. May 7, went into position upon the plank road; threw up intrenchments; marched at 9 p. m. in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, and continued the march during the night. 8th and 9th, in park near Spotsylvania Court-House, harnessed. 10th, moved to the front and went into position after dark. 11th, left section engaged; fired 22 rounds. 12th, battery engaged; Private Arnutt killed; 843 shots were fired during the two days in this position. At 5 p. m. 12th moved to left of line and went into position. 13th, moved toward Fredericksburg road; marched all night. 14th, parked on Fredericksburg road in the afternoon; took up position at 5 p. m. on Anderson's farm, near Po River; fired 120 rounds. 15th, in position at same place; relieved at night and parked in rear. 16th, went into same position occupied the previous day; turned in two guns and limbers and 12 horses in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 136, Army of the Potomac, dated May 16, 1864; marched all night toward the right of the line. 18th, returned to position in breast-work. 19th, occupied same position. 20th, moved to the front in first line of breast-works 21st, engaged; fired 121 rounds; marched all night. 22nd, arrived at 1 p. m. near Guiney's Station; parked for a few hours; moved about 4 miles; parked. 23d, marched all day; parked near North Anna River. 24th, crossed the North Anna; in position during the night. 25th, moved to the front, across the railroad, and went into park. 26th, moved back and took up position near the railroad; recrossed the river; marched all night. 27th, marched all day with rear guard; parked at 1 a. m. the 28th near the Pamunkey River. 28th, crossed the Pamunkey at Littlepage's Brigade; parked near Hanovertown. 30th, moved to the front and went into position near Swift Run. 31st, moved to the right and went into position.

June 1, marched all day with rear guard, and went into position near Cold Harbor Tavern immediately after night-fall; engaged. Private Russell killed. 2nd, engaged; firing all day; Corporal Connelly killed, Private Johnson wounded; 3 horses killed, 2 wounded. From the 3rd until the evening of the 2 died of wounds received previous day. On the evening of the 12th moved to the rear and went into position in new line of breast-works immediately in front of Cold Harbor Tavern.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HARN,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

