
Numbers 187. Report of Captain William B. Rhodes, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 30, 1864.

SIR: I have honor respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery, from May 4, 1864, to July 30, 1864:

May 4.-Broke camp and marched to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River; crossed on a pontoon bridge, and camped for the night on Smith's farm.

May 5.-Broke camp at daylight, marched to the Wilderness, and went into park with the remainder of the Artillery Brigade. The Fifth and Sixth Corps engaged the enemy, the battle lasting until dark; loss heavy on both sides.

May 6.-A general engagement took place, and lasted all day. Just at dark the Third Division, Sixth Corps, was flanked by the enemy and forced to fall back in disorder. I placed the right section, under Lieutenant E. K. Parker, on the plank road, to check the advance of the enemy, by order of Colonel Tompkins. The section was relieved at 9 a. m.

May 7.-The battery was placed in position on the right of the plank road by Colonel Tompkins, and was relieved at 9 p. m. and ordered to report to General Wright. We marched all night, arriving at Spotsylvania at 8 a. m. [May 8], where a battle was in progress between our cavalry and the enemy. I was ordered by General Wight to park until he could form his infantry, and remained in park all night.

May 9.-Moved to the front, and was placed in reserve.

May 10.-Was ordered into position by Colonel Tompkins, supported by the Second Rhode Island Regiment, and opened a vigorous fire on the enemy with solid shot. The enemy brought a battery to enfilade my right flank, which I soon drove from its position. While in the field General Ricketts, of the regular service, sent an aide to me, and complimented me on the execution which I had done in driving the enemy from their rifle-pits and the manner in which the battery was handled. At 6 p. m. I covered a charge made by the Sixth Corps, which resulted in taking 500 prisoners. I expended 530 rounds of ammunition through the day. During the engagement Private Benjamin Judd was slightly wounded by a spent ball, and 1 horse was killed.

May 11.-Was relieved by Captain McKnight, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and marched to the rear to refill my ammunition chests.

May 12.-Relieved Captain McKnight and expended 116 rounds of ammunition, principally solid shot. Loss, 1 horse killed. Was relieved at 2 p. m.

May 13.-Was place in position by Colonel Tompkins and remained all day and night.

May 14.-Was relieved, marched all night, reaching Anderson's farm at 3 p. m. of the 15th, and was placed in reserve for the remainder of the day. Was relieved at night to rest the horses, which had been in harness since the morning of the 13th.

May 17.-Was again ordered to the front in reserve, and remained until the 18th, when I was relieved and marched all night.

