
May 19.-Crossed the Ny River and went into camp, where I remained until the 21st, when I marched to Well's farm. Breaking camp again at dark, I marched all night and camped near Parker's Store the night of the 22nd.

May 23.-Marched to the North Anna River and crossed the 24th, making a temporarily camp on the south bank.

May 26.-Recrossed the river and marched to Chesterfield Station. After a short bivouac I reported to General Russell, and resumed the march with his division.

Crossed the Pamunkey River the 27th and made camp.

May 30.-Broke camp, and marched all day and night, arriving at Cold Harbor the afternoon of June 1. I immediately took position, and engaged the enemy until dark, expending 583 rounds of ammunition. Private Martin Brannan was slightly wounded. At 9 p. m. took an advanced position, and remained until the 3rd, when the battery was engaged, losing Sergt. George Humphrey and Private Joseph Mccarthy, wounded, and 1 horse killed, and expending 92 rounds of ammunition. Remained in position until June 12, when I retired to a point near the Old Tavern, at which our lines were withdrawn.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. RHODES,

Captain Commanding Battery E, First Rhode Island Arty.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 188. Report of Captain George W. Adams, Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

CAMP BATTY. G, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTY.,

Near Halltown, Va., August 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Sixth Army Corps, dated August 22, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following report:

FIRST.

My command left Brandy Station, Va., at 6 a. m. on the 4th day of May, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at same date. On the 6th instant went into position. On the 7th instant changed position to the extreme right; moved at 10 p. m. of the same date; marched during the night, and encamped 4 miles from Spotsylvania Court-House.

SECOND.

On the 8th, 9th, and 10th instant battery still in camp. 11th instant moved to the front at daylight, and took position. On the 12th battery opened at 5 a. m.; continued firing until 3 p. m., expending 873 rounds of ammunition. Moved at 6 p. m. to the rear. On the 13th instant moved at 9 p. m.; marched during the night; camped at 4 p. m. of the 14th.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

