
IV.

At Cold Harbor, June 3, the battery at the time held in reserve, one of the caissons was struck by a shell from the enemy's guns, causing the loss in material of 2 limber-chests, with contents; 2 wheels, 1 caisson stock, 4 poles, and parts of 2 sets of harness. From the morning of June 5 until evening of June 12 the battery was in position on skirmish line near Cold Harbor. Number of rounds of ammunition expended, 35.

V.

In the march across the Chickahominy and the James, the operations near Petersburg, also the movement to Reams' Station, it was not engaged.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. McKNIGHT,

Numbers 190. Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Report of Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, including operations April 6-August 4.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 5, 1864-5.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry, in strong force, attached General Wilson at Craig's Church. I sent General Gregg out to his support. General Gregg is now driving the enemy in the direction of Craig's Church. Everything is going on very well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Chancellorsville, Va., May 5, 1864-11.10 [p. m.].

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Wilson was attacked to-day at Craig's Meeting-House. At first he drove the enemy on the Catharpin road for some distance; then they drove him back to Todd's Tavern, where he was joined by General Gregg's command. General Gregg attached the enemy and drove them back to Beech Grove, distance about 4 miles. I cannot do anything with the cavalry except to act on the defensive, on account of immense amount of material and trains here, and on the road to Ely's Ford. Had I moved to Hamilton's Crossing early this morning, the enemy would have ruined everything. Why cannot infantry be sent to guard the trains, and let me take the offensive? The casualties of the Second and Third Divisions to-day are between 50 and 60.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff.

