HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Todd's Tavern, May 7, 1864-8 p. m.

GENERAL: The cavalry made a very handsome fight here this afternoon. We found the whole rebel cavalry here, Hampton's and Fitzhugh Lee's divisions, and drove them on the Spotsylvania road about 3 miles. They were very handsomely repulsed, and drove on the road to Beech Grove Church. They had constructed barricades and rifle-pits, which we charged and captured. I had only four brigades engaged-Merritt's, Davies', Colonel Gregg's, and Colonel Devin's. They all behaved splendidly. I captured prisoners from Lomax's, Wickham's, Rosser's, Young's, Gordon's, and Chambliss' brigades, and killed Colonel Collins, of the Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 12, 1864. (Received 7.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch just received:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

May 10, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I turned the enemy's right and got into their rear. Did not meet sufficient of cavalry to stop me. Destroyed from 8 to 10 miles of Orange railroad, two locomotives, three trains, and a very large amount of supplies. The enemy were making a depot of supplies at Beaver Dam. Since I got into their rear there has been great excitement amount the inhabitants and with the army. The citizens report that Lee is beaten. Their cavalry has attempted to annoy my rear and flank, but have been run off. I expect to fight their cavalry south of South Anna River. I have no forage. Started with half rations for one day, and have found none yet. Have recaptured 500 of our men; 2 colonels.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, VA., May 13, 1864.

(Via Jamestown Island, 11 p. m., 14th.)

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 5 a. m. on the 9th instant I marched my command to Tabernacle Church to carry out your instructions. On examination I found that all the forage on hand with the command was half-rations for one day. I therefore determined at once to march around the enemy's right flank, gain the North Anna, and, if possible, the South Anna, before giving the enemy's cavalry battle, as I thought that at either of those points I

