
county. My wounded, I think, will not exceed 250; total losses not over 350. The Virginia Central Railroad bridge over the Chickahominy, and other trestle bridges, one 60, one 30, one 20 feet, and railroad for a long distance north and south of the Chickahominy crossing were destroyed. My horses are very much jaded for want of forage. My loss in them, however, up to the present time will not exceed 100.

I am very much indebted to Generals Gregg, Wilson, and Merritt, division commanders, and Generals Custer and Davies, and Colonels Gregg, Devin, Chapman, McIntosh, and Gibbs, brigade commanders. Their services are worthy of the very highest praise. All the officers and men of the command behaved splendidly. It is possible that I might have captured the city of Richmond by an assault, but the want of knowledge of your operations and those of General Butler, and the facility with which the enemy could throw in troops, made me abandon the attempt.

I have the honor to be, general, yours, respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Haxall's Landing, James River, May 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this point. The rebel cavalry are very much demoralized since the fights at Yellow Tavern and Meadow Bridge. I encamped at Walnut Grove from 2 o'clock of the 12th till 9 o'clock of the 13th awaiting an attack, but the enemy did not come on. I could not hunt him up, as my horses have been living on grass nearly all the time since I left, and were too weak and jaded. Major-General Stuart was badly wounded at Yellow Tavern, and Colonel Pate killed. The loss of the enemy at both Yellow Tavern and Meadow Bridge was very severe. I find that my command was attacked, while inside of the intrenchments at Richmond, by two brigades of infantry, and the men feel greatly elated at driving them back behind their works. We remained inside the intrenchments from 9 p. m. of the 11th till 3 p. m. of the next day, and then whipped the enemy's cavalry and infantry. The country passed through by my command is entirely destitute; there is nothing for man or animals. All the country north of the James River is in this condition from very best information. It will take me several days to get my command in condition for effective service. I have taken the greatest care of the horses; in fact I have made regular marches, encamping every night, grazing the animals, and collecting supplies for the men. Only three days' rations were taken by the command. This has lasted six days. If I could be permitted to cross the James River and go southward I could almost ruin the Confederate. I forward this by Lieutenant-Colonel Kingsbury, my adjutant-general, who can give you many particulars, which will be given in my detailed report. Every exertion will be made to get the command in condition as soon as possible. I am sending my prisoners-between 200 and 300-and my wounded by boat to-night.

