HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Mount Carmel Church, May 24, 1864-1 p.m. (Received 11.20 a.m., 25th.)

Everything going on well. Warren has 500 prisoners, Hancock some 300, and Wright has picket up some. The whole number resulting from yesterday's operations will not fall short of 1,000. Warren's loss is not over 300 killed and wounded. The pursuit is delayed by the great fatigue of the men, especially of the Sixth and Ninth Corps, still Hancock and Warren will reach the South Anna by nightfall. The prisoners captured are in a great part North Carolinians. They are more discouraged than any considerable number of prisoners ever captured before. They say also that Lee has deceived them; that his army will not fight again except behind breast-works. Weather hot.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JERICHO MILLS, VA., May 25, 1864-12 m. (Received 3.30 a.m., 26th.)

The conclusion that the enemy had abandoned the region between the North and South Anna, though shared yesterday by every prominent officer here, proves to have been a mistake; at least such is the present belief of General Meade and General Grant. All though the day yesterday Burnside found it impossible to cross his troops at the Ox Ford, and although Warren's corps was across above him, and Hancock's below, those commanders were unable to connect their lines until late in the afternoon. The opinion prevailed that the position was held by a rear guard only, but the obstinacy of their skirmishers was regarded as very remarkable. About dark, Hancock made an attack, which broke into the rebel line of works, taking some prisoners, and satisfying himself that the whole corps of Ewell was before him. Shortly afterward the division of Gibbon was attacked, but handsomely beat back the assault without any considerable loss. Just before dark Crittenden, who had brought his division of the Ninth Corps to the right bank by the way of Quarles' Ford, about 2 miles down the river from here, was also suddenly attacked, and one of his brigades badly damaged. He reported last night that one-half the brigade was missing, the number of those who had disappeared being vaguely reported at about 600. As yet the name of the brigade and the exact loss have not been made known at headquarters. Potter's division, of Ninth Corps, is across with Hancock. Willcox remains on the north bank. No fighting of any moment has taken place this morning, but enemy show such strength on their lines that it appears very probable that Lee's whole army is here. His entrenchments are in form of the letter V, having the point of the angle opposite the Ox Ford. He has shown artillery on both faces. Our forces are now engaged in ascertaining positively where he is, and how strong he is. We may remain here a day or two. If a promising chance offers, General Grant will fight, of course; otherwise, he will maneuver without attacking. Our forces are

