
plies of all kinds. My wounded and prisoners have all been shipped. I find but little subsistence and forage here but they can I presume be obtained at Fort Monroe. I shall take the necessary means to obtain the same.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,White House, Va., May 22, 1864-9 a. m.

(Via Yorktown, 11 p. m. 23d.)

I have the honor to report that General Gregg's and General Wilson's divisions drove enemy's cavalry from Walnut Grove across the Chickahominy. Could not get them to stand. While their cavalry was thus engaged I ordered General Custer's brigade by the river road near the south bank of the Pamunkey to burn the railroad bridges over the South Anna. He found them so strongly guarded by the enemy's artillery and infantry that he was unable to burn them. He, however, burned two bridges and a portion of the Central railroad south of Hanover Court-House. The bridges were respectively 30 and 100 feet in length. The country here is in a terrible state of consternation. I have two gun-boats and three transports with rations here. The impression throughout the country is that I am landing infantry at this place. The rebel General Gordon, wounded in the engagement at Meadow Bridge, has since died of his wounds. Enemy have lost in killed the following distinguished cavalry commanders since the opening of the campaign: First, Major General J. E. B. Stuart, commanding rebel Cavalry Corps; second, Brigadier-General Gordon, commanding brigade, Hampton's division; third, Colonel Pate, commanding brigade, Lee's division; fourth Colonel Collins, commanding Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry; fifth, Colonel Green, commanding regiment; sixth, Colonel Randolph, commanding regiment.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General G. G. MEADE, Army of the Potomac.

This was brought down by Captain Babcock, commanding gunboat, who says it was handed to him yesterday evening, but he could not get away till 10 a. m. to-day; that everything was progressing finely when he left this morning. This explains delay.

GEO. D. SHELDON,

Manager Fort Monroe Military Telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Reedy Swamp, May 24, 1864-5 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my command at Reedy Swamp, about 5 miles from Chesterfield. Not knowing that the rebel army had fallen back, I crossed my command over the Pamunkey River, on the railroad bridge at the White House yesterday; camped near Dunkirk last night; this morning I followed the sound of your artillery. Early in the day heard that General Lee had been beaten and driven back to Hanover Junction. On the 21st General Custer destroyed two bridges on the Virginia Central Railroad, and

