HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Hanovertown, Va., May 27, 1864-9 a. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I now occupy Hanovertown. The crossing was taken with but little opposition, a small picket of cavalry being the only force found at this point. The two pontoon bridges are down and in use. The First Cavalry Division has crossed the river, the Second Division moving out to cross. General Russell's divisions has not yet arrived. I think it is but a short distance in our rear.

Very respectfully &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,May 27, 1864-5.20 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Torbert, whose division had the advance, found a detachment of about 100 men of Gordon's brigade holding the ford at Hanovertown. This party was easily dislodged, and the division crossed. After passing through Hanovertown, on the road to Hanover Court-House, Gordon's brigade of cavalry (rebel) was encountered, charged, and driven pellmell toward Hanover Court-House. We captured 6 commissioned officers and 70 men. If General Torbert's command had not been no much fatigued he would have captured the whole brigade, it was so much demoralized. It is reported that Wickham's and Lomax's brigades are both at Hanover Court-House. I am also informed that Breckinridge was there last night with 10,000 men. I have not pushed my advance beyond Crumps' Swamp, as we have a good line from there to Totopotomoy Creek. General Russell's division has crossed, and is now all on this side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Old Church, May 30, 1864-7 p. m.

The enemy's cavalry collected in my front on the Cold Harbor road, not far from Old Church. I directed General Torbert, with his division, to attack them about 1 o'clock to-day. Had a sharp engagement of nearly tow hours. We defeated them and drove them down to Cold Harbor. It was a very handsome affair, and very creditable to General Torbert and his division. The enemy had a very strong position. They were driven from it, leaving a number

