HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 1, 1864-1 a. m.

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your dispatch to hold on to Cold Harbor, and will do so if possible. I have ordered General Davies' brigade to Cold Harbor. It is not a full brigade, as some of it is at Bethesda Church. I have been very much weakened by the brigade hugh Lee's cavalry yesterday, and 61 of his men captured instead of 15 as heretofore reported. Butler's brigade of South Carolinians was with Fitz. Lee's division, and is well represented in prisoners. The fight on the day before yesterday was with Hampton's division and Butler's brigade. Hampton's division was relieved early yesterday morning by Fitz. Lee, who came from Atlee's Station.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Camp near Guiney's Bridge, Va., June 16, 1864-2 a. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the arrival of my command at this point, and also to report it operations since leaving New Ferry:

I crossed the Pamunkey River on the 7th instant, marching via Aylett's, and encamped on Herring Creek. On the morning of the 8th resumed the march via Pole Cat Station, and encamped 3 miles west of the station. On the 9th marched trough Chilesburg and New Market, encamping on East Northeast Creek, near Young's Bridge. On the 10th marched via Andrews' Tavern and Twyman's Store, crossing both branches of the North Anna, and encamped at Buck Childs', but 3 miles northeast of Trevilian Station. My intention was to break the railroad at this station, march through Mechanicsville, cut the Gordonsville and Charlottesville Railroad near Lyndsay's house, and then to march on Charlottesville, but on arrival at Buck Child's house I found the enemy's cavalry in my immediate front. On the morning of the 11th, General Torbert with his division, and Colonel Gregg's brigade, of General Gregg's division, attacked the enemy. After an obstinate contest, drove him from successive lines of breast-works, through an almost impenetrable forest, back on Trevilian Station. In the mean time General Custer was ordered with his brigade to proceed by a country road so as to reach the station in rear of the enemy's cavalry. On his arrival at this point the enemy broke into a complete rout, leaving his dead and nearly all of his wounded in our hands; also 20 officers, 500 men, and 300 horses.

These operations occupied the whole of the day. At night I encamped at Trevilian Station, and on the morning of the 12th commenced destroying the railroad from this point to Louisa Court-House. This was thoroughly done-ties burned and rails rendered unserviceable. The destruction of the railroad occupied until 3 o'clock of this day.

