
pied Parker's Store and the direct road back to our army. When General Meade discovered that Wilson was cut off, he sent word to me, near Chancellorsville, to go to his relief, and I immediately dispatched General Gregg's division in the direction of Todd's Tavern, where he met Wilson, who was still being followed up. The enemy's pursuing force was attacked by Gregg at this place, defeated, and driven to Shady Grove Church, a distance of 3 or 4 miles. It was now well understood that the enemy's cavalry at Hamilton's Crossing had joined General Lee's forces, and the necessity for my moving to that point, as ordered, was obviated.

As I was held responsible for the left flank of our army and the trains, I made such disposition of the troops under my command as to hold the line of the Brock road, beyond the Furnaces, and thence around to Todd's Tavern and Piney Branch Church, but General Meade, on false report, became alarmed about his left, and notified me in the following note that Hancock's left had been turned, and directed me to draw in my forces to protect the trains:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Your dispatch of 11.45 a. m. received. General Hancock has been heavily pressed, and his left turned. The major-general commanding thinks that you had better draw in your cavalry so as to secure the protection of the trains.

The order requiring an escort for the wagons to-night has been rescinded.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

I obeyed this order, and the enemy took possession of the Furnaces, Todd's Tavern, and Piney Branch Church, the regaining which cost much fighting on the 6th and 7th, and very many gallant officers and men.

On the 6th Custer fought at the Furnaces and defeated the enemy, who left his dead and wounded in our hands. On the 7th the trains of the army, under directions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, were put in motion to go into park at Piney Branch Church. As this point was held by the enemy, I was confident that the order must have been given without fully understanding the condition of affairs, and therefore thought the best way to remedy the trouble was to halt the trains in the vicinity of Alrich's, attack the enemy, and regain the ground. This led to the battle of Todd's Tavern, in which the enemy was defeated. Gregg attacked with one of his brigades on the Catharpin road, and drove the enemy over Corbin's Bridge; Merritt, who was in command of the First Division during the temporary absence of Torbert, attacked with his division, on the Spotsylvania road, driving him toward Spotsylvania, and Davies' brigade, of Gregg's division, made a handsome attack on the Piney Branch Church road, uniting with Merritt on the Spotsylvania road. The pursuit was kept up until dark. Gregg's and Merritt's divisions encamped in open fields, in the vicinity of Todd's tavern, with orders to move in the morning, at daylight, for the purpose of gaining possession of Snell's Bridge, over the Po River. To accomplish this, wilson, who was at Alsop's house, was directed to take possession of Spotsylvania early on the morning of the 8th, and thence move into position at Snell's Bridge. Gregg and Merritt were ordered to proceed to the same point, the former via the crossing at

