
Corbin's Bridge, the latter by the Block house. Had these movements been carried out successfully, it would probably have sufficiently delayed the march of the enemy to Spotsylvania Court-House as to enable our infantry to reach that point first, and the battles fought there would have probably occurred elsewhere; but upon the arrival of General Meade at Todd's Tavern the orders were changed, and Gregg was simply directed by him to hold Corbin's Bridge, and Merritt's division ordered in front of the infantry column, marching on the road to Spotsylvania in the darkness of the night, the cavalry and infantry becoming entangled in the advance, causing much confusion and delay. I was not duly advised of these changes, and for a time had fears for the safety of General Wilson's command, which had proceeded, in accordance with my instructions, to Spotsylvania Court-House, capturing and holding it until driven out by the advance of Longstreet's corps.

The time had now come to leave the Wilderness, where we had successfully held the left of the army, and defeated the enemy's cavalry on the 5th at Todd's Tavern and at the Furnaces; again on the 6th at the Furnaces, and on the 7th at Todd's Tavern. During the 8th I received orders to go out and engage the rebel cavalry, and when out of forage, of which we had half rations for one day, I was to proceed to the James River, and replenish from the stores which General Butler had at Bermuda Hundred. Pursuant to this order the three divisions of cavalry, on the evening of this day, were concentrated in the vicinity of Alrich's, on the plank road to Fredericksburg, and on the morning of the 9th commenced the march. It will be seen, upon examination of the map of Virginia, that there was but very little space for a large cavalry force to operate on the left of our army, from Spotsylvania to the Rappahannock, and that we were liable to be shut in. I therefore concluded to march around the right of Lee's army, and put my command, before fighting, south of the North Anna, where I expected to procure grain; where I was confident that while engaging the enemy's cavalry no timely assistance from his infantry could be procured, and whence, if not successful, I could proceed west and rejoin our army, swinging around toward Gordonsville and Orange Court-House. With this view we started, marching out on the plank road to Tabernacle Church; trench to the Telegraph road; thence down through Chilesburg to Anderson's Crossing of the North Anna. This movement was made at a walk, with three divisions on the same road-making a column of about 13 miles in length-marching by the flank of the enemy. I preferred this, however, to the combinations arising from separate roads, combinations rarely working as expected, and generally failing, unless subordinate commanders are prompt and fully understand the situation; besides, and engagement was imminent, and it was necessary that the force be well together. As soon as the Ny Po, and Ta Rivers, each giving an excellent defensive line to the enemy, were passed, all cause for anxiety was removed, and our ability to cross the North Anna unquestionable.

After passing the Ta River the enemy's cavalry came against the rear of my column, and General Davies, who had the rear brigade, was directed to fight as rear guard, following up the main column. It is with pleasure I say that he and his command performed this responsible and trying duty with courage and good judgment. About dark Merritt crossed the North Anna at Anderson's Ford; Gregg and Wilson encamped on the north side, engaging the enemy

