
Gregg about the same time charged the force in rear with equal success, and ended the engagement. We captured a number of prisoners, and the casualties on both sides were quite severe. After Custer's charge and the enemy's line was broken-one portion of which was driven toward Ashland, the other toward Richmond-a reconnaissance was sent up the Brook turnpike, toward the city, dashed across the south fork of the Chickahominy, drove a small force from the exterior line of the works, and went inside of them. I followed up this party, and found between the two lines of works a road leading to that from Mechanicsville to Richmond. I thought we could go around on this across the Mechanicsville pike, south of the Chickahominy, and encamp next night (12th) at Fair Oaks, and determined to make the movement, being influenced to some extent in doing so by the reports from colored people, during the afternoon, that General Butler's force had reached a small stream about 4 miles south of Richmond, on the south side, and that I possibly could help him by a demonstration. Therefore, after making the wounded as comfortable as possible, we commenced the march about 11 o'clock on the night of the 11th, and massed the command on the plateau south of Meadow Bridge at about daylight; torpedoes planted in the road-many of which exploded, killing several horses-being the only difficulty encountered.

At daylight on the morning of the 12th Wilson encountered the enemy's batteries on, or near, the Mechanicsville pike, and could not pass them. As soon as I was notified of this condition, Custer's brigade was ordered to make the crossing to the north side of the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridge, but as the bridge was found to have been destroyed, and the enemy's cavalry posted on the north side, I ordered Merritt's entire division to repair it, and to make the crossing at all hazards. During the time thus occupied, the enemy gave the working pary great annoyance by sweeping the bridge and the force supporting it, crossed a small force of tow or three regiments, attacked dismounted, and was repulsed; still the work on the bridge continued, and when it war finished, Merritt crossed nearly all his division, dismounted, and was repulsed; still the work on the bridge continued, and when it war finished, Merritt crossed nearly all his division, dismounted, attacked the enemy, carried his line of temporary breast-works, and continued the pursuit to Gaines' Mill. Mean time the enemy advanced from behind his works at Richmond, and attacked Wilson and Gregg. Wilson was driven back in some confusion, but Gregg was ready, having concealed a heavy line of skirmishers in a bushy ravine, in his front, and when the enemy marched to attack, with more display than grit, this unexpected and concealed line opened a destructive fire with repeating carbines, and some of Wilson's men at the same time turning in on their flank, the line broke in disorder, and went into security behind the breast-works defending the city. The six batteries of regular artillery were used by Captain Robertson, chief of artillery, with great effect, and contributed much to our success. The enemy considered us completely cornered, but such was not the case, for while we were engaged, scouting parties were sent along the Chickahominy, and several fords found by them. This attack and repulse ended the battle; for the balance of the day we collected our wounded, buried our dead, grazed our horses, and read the Richmond papers, two small newsboys having, with commendable enterprise, entered our lines and sold to the officers and men. Between 3 and 4

