
seriously engaged, only demonstrating on the right of Gregg. After we had taken position at Old Church, Wilson's division was ordered to the right of the army, and Gregg's and Torbert's pickets pushed out in the direction of Cold Harbor, which was occupied by the enemy in some force. As our occupation of this point was essential to secure our lines to the White house, which was to be our base, its possession became a matter of deep interest. The enemy appeared to realized this also, for he, at a very early period took possession of it, and pushed a force up to Matadequin Creek on the Old Church road, putting his front parallel with the Pamunkey-which was then our line to the White House-in order to make it dangerous for our trains. This force encountered the pickets of the First Division at Matadequin Creek, but they held fast and fought gallantly until re-enforced by their division on the north side of the creek, which took pu the contest. The fight then became general and was stubbornly contested, but the enemy finally gave way, and was pursued within 1 1\2 miles of Cold Harbor. In this fight Butler's South Carolinians were again put in to receive the brunt, and many of them were killed and captured. On the morning of the 31st I visited Torbert and Custer, at Custer's headquarters-Torbert's division having the advance-an found that they had already talked over a plan to attack and capture Cold Harbor, which I indorsed, and on the afternoon of the 31st the attack was made, and after a hard-fought battle, the town taken. Gregg was immediately moved to the support of Torbert, but the place was captured before any of his troops became engaged.

Cold Harbor was defended by cavalry and infantry, and on the Old Church side the enemy had thrown up temporary breast-works of logs and rails. The fight on the part of our officers and men was very gallant; they were now beginning to accept nothing less than victory. After gaining the town, I notified army headquarters to that effect, but that the enemy in additional numbers were arriving there; that I could not hold it with safety to my command, and that I would move out, an did so; just after we had left, however, a dispatch was received directing that Cold Harbor be held at all hazards, and I therefore immediately ordered its reoccupation, changed the temporary breast-works thrown up by the enemy, so as too make them available for our troops, dismounted the cavalry, placing them behind these works, and distributing the ammunition in boxes along the line, determined to hold the place as directed. While this was being done the enemy could be heard giving commands and making preparations to attack in the morning.

Just after daylight June 1 he marched to the attack, and was permitted to come close in to come close in to out little works, when he received the fire of our batteries and repeating carbines, which were used with terrible effect, and was driven back in confusion; still determined to get the place, after reorganizing, he attacked again, but with the same result. About 10 o'clock the Sixth Corps arrived and relieved the cavalry, which moved toward the Chickahominy, and covered the left of the line until relieved by Hancock's corps during the afternoon. While the balance of the cavalry were engaged at Cold Harbor, Wilsons' division was posted on the right of the army, near the head waters of the Totopotomoy Creek. On being relieved by the infantry from the Cold Harbor line the two divisions moved down the Chickahominy, encamping for the night of the 1st of June at Prospect Church and vicinity, and on the 2nd we moved down the Chick-

