
ahominy still farther, taking a position on the north side, at Bottom's Bridge; the enemy's cavalry occupying the south side, with artillery in position at the fords. No movements took place on the 3rd; the enemy shelled our position at very long range but did not damage.

On the 4th the First Division marched back to Old Church, and on the 6th the Second Division was relieved at Bottom's Bridge by one brigade of Wilson's division, and marched back to the same vicinity; thence both divisions moved to New Castle Ferry, where the trains, which had been sent to White House, reached us, with supplied for a march, since called the Trevilian raid.

While Gregg's and Torbert's divisions were operating on the left of the army, Wilson, who was on the right, engaged the enemy at Mechump's Creek on the 31st of May; at Ashland on the 1st of June, and on the 2nd of June at Haw's Shop-the scene of the battle of May 28, and at Totopotomoy Creek. The battle at Ashland was brought about by McIntosh's brigade, which had been ordered to that vicinity for the purpose of covering a movement made to the South Anna to destroy the railroad bridges over that stream, and which was successful.

On the 6th of June I received instructions from General Meade and the lieutenant-general to proceed with two divisions of my corps to Charlottesville, for the purpose of cutting the Virginia Central Railroad, to unite, if possible, with Major General D. Hunter, whom I expected to met at or near Charlottesville, and bring his command over to the Army of the Potomac. There also appeared to be another object, viz, to remove the enemy's cavalry from the south side of the Chickahominy, as, in case we attempted to cross to the James River, this large cavalry force could make such resistance at the difficult crossings as to give the enemy time to transfer his force to oppose the movement. Two divisions being ordered to proceed on this raid, Wilson was detached by the following order, and took the advance of the Army of the Potomac, on its march to the James River:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,New Castle Ferry, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to notify you that he will march from New Castle Ferry at 5 a. m. to-morrow, taking with him the First and Second Cavalry Divisions. During his absence you will report and receive your orders direct from the headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Your division quartermaster and commissary will have to attend to the supplying of your command.

Orders have been issued directing the officers in charge at the White House to send all detachments of cavalry (mounted) belonging to the different cavalry divisions to report temporarily for duty with your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

On June 7, the command being prepared with three days' rations in haversacks, to last for five days, two days forage on the pommel of the saddles, 100 rounds of ammunition, 40 on the person and 60 in wagons, 1 medical wagon, 8 ambulances, and 1 wagon each for division and brigade headquarters, we crossed the Pamunkey at New Castle, and encamped that night between Aylett's and Dunkirk, on the Mattapony River. On the 8th we encamped 2 miles west of

