
Pole Cat Station. It was my intention to march along the north bank of the North Anna, cross it at Carpenter's Ford, strike the railroad at Trevilian Station, and destroy it to Louisa Court-House, march past Gordonsville, strike the railroad again at Cobham Station, and destroy it thence to Charlottesville as we proceeded. We, therefore, on the 9th of June, resumed the march along the Anna-our advance guard skirmishing, as it almost always did, with mounted men of the enemy-and encamped on East Northeast Creek, near Young's Mill. During this day I learned that Breckinridge's division of infantry was passing slowly up the railroad to Gordonsville parallel to me, and that the enemy's cavalry had left their position on the south side of the Chickahominy, and were marching on the old Richmond and Gordonsville road on Gordonsville. this information was confirmed by a party sent to cut the telegraph wires along the railroad during the night. On the 10th the march was resumed; we passed through Twyman's Store, crossed the North Anna at Carpenter's Ford, and encamped on the road leading to Trevilian Station and along the banks of the North Anna. During the night of the 10th the boldness of the enemy's scouting parties, which we had encountered more or less every day, indicated the presence of a large force.

On the morning of the 11th we resumed the march on Trevilian, meeting at once an driving the enemy's advance parties in our front. Torbert had the leading division, and, at a point about 3 or 3 1\2 miles from Trevilian Station, encountered the enemy in full force behind a line of breast-works constructed in dense timber. Custer, with his brigade, was ordered to take a wood road found on our left and get to Trevilian Station, or at least in rear of the enemy, and attack his led horses. In following this road he passed between Fitz. Lee's and Hampton's divisions-the former being on the road leading from Louisa Court-House to where the battle commenced, the latter on the direct road from Trevilian to the same point-and on, without opposition, to Trevilian Station, which he took possession of. As soon as I found that custer had gotten to the rear of the enemy, the remaining two brigades of Torbert's division were dismounted and formed line of battle, assailed the enemy's works, and carried them, driving Hampton's division pell-mell and at a run back on Custer, at Trevilian, who commenced fighting in all directions. So panic-stricken was this division (Hampton's) and so rapidly was it pushed that some of it was driven through Custer's lines, and many captured. While the First Division was thus engaged Gregg attacked Fitz. Lee on the Louisa Court-House road, and drove him in the direction of Louisa Court-House; the pursuit was continued until about dark. Hampton's division made its way in the direction of Gordonsville, and was joined during the night by Fitz. Lee, who made a detour westward for that purpose.

At night my command encamped at Trevilian Station, and from prisoners, of which we had captured about 500, I learned that Hunter, instead of coming toward Charlottesville, as I had reason to suppose, was at or near Lexington, moving apparently on Lynchburg; that Ewell's corps was on its way to Lynchburg, on the south side of James River; and that Breckinridge was at Gordonsville or Charlottesville, having passed up the railroad, as heretofore alluded to. I, therefore, made up my mind that it was best to give up the attempt to join Hunter, as he was going from me instead of coming toward me, and concluded to return. Directions were at once given

