
to collect our own wounded and those of the enemy in hospitals, and to make provision for their transportation back in ammunition wagons and in vehicles collected from the country. I was still further influenced in my decision to return by the burden which these wounded threw upon me, there being over 500 case of our own, and the additional burden of about 500 prisoners, all of whom must have ben abandoned by mein case I proceeded farther; besides, one more engagement would have reduced the supply of ammunition to a very small compass.

On the morning of June 12 we commenced destroying the railroad to Louisa Court-House, and in the afternoon I directed Torbert to make a reconnaissance up the Gordonsville road to secure a by-road leading over Mallory's Ford, on the North Anna, to the Catharpin road, as I proposed taking that route in returning, and proceeding to Spotsylvania Court-House, thence, via Bowling Green and Dunkirk, to the White House. In the reconnaissance Torbert became heavily engaged, first one brigade, then another, then the last, the battle continuing until after dark. Gregg during this time was breaking up the railroad to Louisa Court-House.

The result of Torbert's fighting made it impossible to cross at Mallory's Ford without venturing a battle next day, in which case the remainder of our ammunition would have been consumed, leaving none to get back with; therefore, during the night of the 12th, we moved back on our track, recrossed the North Anna at Carpenter's Ford on the following morning, unsaddled our horses and turned them out to grazed, as they were nearly famished, having had no food for two days, and in the afternoon proceeded to the vicinity of Twyman's Store, where we encamped. The enemy, excepting a small party which General Davies dispersed with one of his regiments, did not follow us.

I left near Trevilian three hospitals containing many rebel wounded, and 90 of ours that were non-transportable with medicines, liqueurs, some hard bread, coffee, and sugar. I regret to say that the surgeons left in charge were not well treated by the enemy, and that the hospitals were robbed of liquors and stores. On the 14th the march was continued, and we reached the Catharpin road-upon which it was originally intended to move after crossing Mallory's Ford, and which would have saved much time and distance-and encamped at Shady Grove Church. On the 15th we camped at Edge Hill, on the Ta River, having passed over the battle-field of Spotsylvania, and on the 16th at Dr. Butler's farm, on the Mattapony, having marched through Bowling Green. Being as yet unable to ascertain the position of the Army of the Potomac, and uncertain whether or not the base at the White House had been discontinued, I did not like to venture between the Mattapony and Pamunkey Rivers, embarrassed as I was with wounded prisoners, and about 2,000 negroes that had joined us, and therefore determined to push down the south bank of the Mattapony far enough to enable me to send them with safety to West Point, where I expected to find gun-boats and transports. Following this plan, we proceeded on the 17th to Walkerton and encamped, and on the 18th resumed the march through King and Queen Court-House, encamping in its vicinity. I here learned that the base at the White House was not entirely broken up, and that supplies there awaited me; therefore, on the morning of the 19th I sent the wounded, prisoners, and negroes to West Point, escorted by two regiments of cavalry, and

