
the train-the head of which was far beyond Charles City Court-House-at convenient points on the road, and Torbert was directed to push his whole division to the front to meet the enemy, while Gregg, who had marched on the road leading to Saint Mary's Church for the purpose of protecting the right flank of the train, and who had also been attacked, was instructed to hold fast until all the transportation could pass Charles City Court-House. The train was immediately after put in motion, and safely parked in the vicinity of Wilcox's Landing. At Saint Mary's Church Gregg was attacked by the entire cavalry corps of the enemy, and after a stubborn fight, which last until after dark, was forced to retire in some confusion, but without any loss in material. This very creditable engagement saved the train, which should never have been left for the cavalry to escort. During the night and next morning the train was moved back through Charles City Court-House to Douthat's Landing, on the James River, where it was ferried over, after which the troops were transported in the same manner.

Before the crossing was completed General Meade notified me to move rapidly to the support of General Wilson, who had been ordered on a raid to break the communication south of Petersburg by destroying the South Side and Danville railroads. General Wilson's expedition had been successful until it reached the left of the army on its return, when it encountered, at Reams' Station, a large force of infantry sent down the Weldon railroad from Petersburg, and being at the same time attacked on the flank by cavalry, the command was routed and obliged to fall back across Nottoway River at Poplar Hill, whence a wide detour was necessary to reach the main army, in consequence of which, as the heat was intense, the loss in animals was great. As soon as the orders from General Meade were received I hastened with Torbert and Gregg, via Prince George Court-House and Lee's Mills, to Reams' Station, where I found the Sixth Corps, but was too late to render material assistance. I immediately, however, sent out parties to procure information concerning the expedition, and learned from them that it had crossed the Nottoway and was safe.

The results obtained in the destruction of the South Side and Danville railroads were considered equivalent to the losses sustained by General Wilson's division. Had an infantry force been sent sooner to Reams' Station, raid would have been eminently successful.

General Wilson states in his report as follows:

Foreseeing the probability of having to return northward, I wrote to General Meade the evening before starting that I anticipated no serious difficulty in executing his orders; but unless General Sheridan was required to keep Hampton's cavalry engaged, and our infantry to prevent Lee from making detachments, we should probably experience great difficulty in rejoining the army. In reply to this note, General Humphreys, chief of staff, informed me it was intended the Army of the Potomac should cover the Welson road the next day, the South Side road the day after, and that Hampton having followed Sheridan toward Gordonsville, I need not fear any trouble from him.

Still no timely relief was sent. As soon as Wilson was found to be safe, I was ordered back to Light-House Point and vicinity to rest my command, which had marched and fought for fifty-six consecutive days, and remained there from the 2nd till the 26th of July, refitting and picketing the left of the army. White at this camp I received about 1,500 horses. These, together with about 400 obtained at Old

