HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,North Anna, May 24, 1864 - 8 a.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

The enemy have fallen back from North Anna; we are in pursuit. Negroes who have coma in state that Lee is falling back to Richmond. If this is the case, Butler's forces will all be wanted where they are. Notify him to hold Smith in readiness to be moved, but to await further orders. I will probably know to-day if the enemy intends standing behind South Anna.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

JERICHO FORD, VA., May 25, 1864 - 12 noon.

(Received 2 a.m., 26th.)

The enemy are evidently making a determined stand between the two Annas. It will probably take us two days to get in position for a general attack or to turn their position, as may prove best. Send Butler's forces to White House to land on north side and march up to join this army. The James River should be held to City Point, but leave nothing more than is absolutely necessary to hold it, acting purely on the defensive. The enemy will not undertake any offensive operations there, but will concentrate everything here. Breckinridge is unquestionably here. Sixty-six officers and men have been captured who were with Hoke in the capture of Plymouth. If Hunter can possibly get to Charlottesville and Lynchburg, he should do so, living on the country. The railroads and canals should be destroyed beyond possibility of repair for weeks. Completing this, he could find his way back to his original base, or from about Gordonsville join this army.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Quarles' Mills, Va., May 26, 1864.

GENERAL: The relative position of the two armies is now as follows: Lee's right rests on a swamp east of the Richmond and Fredericksburg road and south of North Anna, his center on the river at Ox Ford, and his left on Little River, with the crossing of Little River guarded as far up as we have gone. Hancock, with his corps and one division of the Ninth Corps, crossed at Chesterfield Ford, and covers the right wing of Lee's army. One division of the Ninth Corps is on the north bank of the Anna at Ox ford, with bridges above and below at points nearest to it, where both banks are held by us, so that it could re-enforce either went of our army with equal facility. The Fifth and Sixth Corps, with one division of the Ninth Corps, run from the south bank of the Anna from a short distance above Ox Ford to Little River and parallel with and

