
Church by dismounting recruits, were all that were issued to me while personally in command of the Cavalry Corps, from April 6 to August 1, 1864.

On the afternoon of July 26, I moved with the First and Second Divisions of cavalry-Torbert's and Gregg's-for the north side of the James River, in connection with the Second Corps, and was directed, if an opportunity offered, to make a raid on the Virginia Central Railroad and destroy the bridges over the North and South Anna Rivers, and those over Little River. We crossed the Appomattox at Broadway Landing, and on arriving at Deep Bottom, where we were joined by General Kautz' small cavalry division of the Army of the James, the command was massed, to allow the Second Corps to pass an take the advance across the James. Soon after the Second Corps had crossed a small portion of it carried the enemy's works in front of the tete-de-pont, and captured four pieces of artillery.

The cavalry moved to the right of the Second Corps, and found the enemy occupying a strong line of works, extending across the New Market and Central roads leading to Richmond, the right resting on Four-Mile Creek. His cavalry vedettes, posted in front of Ruffin's house on the New Market road, were discovered by the Second U. S. Cavalry, and driven back on their infantry line of battle composed of two divisions. The high ground in advance of Ruffin's house thus gained was immediately occupied by the First Division as a line of battle, and Second Division placed on its right, covering the road from Malvern Hill to Richmond. Immediately upon the formation of our line, the enemy advanced to the attack and drove the cavalry back over the ridge, on the face of which it quickly lay down in line of battle at a distance of about 15 yards from the crest. When the enemy's line reached this crest, a fire from our repeating carbines was opened upon it, whereupon it gave way in disorder, and was followed over the plain beyond by the cavalry, which captured about 250 prisoners, and 2 battle-flags, besides killing and wounding very many. This counter attack against infantry was made by the First and Second Cavalry Divisions simultaneously, and our line re-established. During the engagement, which is called the battle of Darbytown, General Kautz was in support of Gregg on the right of the line.

The enemy, deceived by the long front presented by the Second Corps and cavalry, was undoubtedly impressed with the idea that nearly all of our forces had been moved to the north side of the James, and at once transferred a large body of his troops from the lines at Petersburg to our front at New Market; as I understood, this transfer by the enemy was the object which the lieutenant-general wished to attain, in order that the mine explosion of Petersburg might, to a greater certainty, result in the capture of the city.

On the afternoon of the 28th the Second Corps withdrew to a line near the head of the bridge, and the cavalry was drawn back to a position on its right. In order to deceive the enemy still more, i sent during the night one of my divisions to the opposite side of the James, first covering the bridge with moss and grass to prevent the tramp of the horses being heard and at daylight marched it back again on foot in full view of the enemy, creating the impression that a large and continuous movement to the north side was still going on. On the 29th nothing occurred during the day on either side, except a skirmish by some of General Kautz's command, in the

nd to its left flank through the woods and advance toward the road leading to Hanover Court-House. Lieutentant-Colonel Anderson successfully accomplished the movement as directed, capturing 2 rebel officers and 18 privates. At this point the line was connected with the right of the First Brigade. The enemy having withdrawn into the woods covering the bridge over Crump's Creek, I ordered part of the squadron of Ninth New York to charge down the road and develop his position. The charge was gallantly led by Captain Wright, brigade inspector. The rebel pickets were met at the bridge, driven across ell to the front on the Gaines' Hill road. The corps comman-

