
der thinking my position rather isolated, being 3 or 4 miles from General Gregg's division, and there being no infantry within 8 or 10 miles, I was ordered to withdraw during the night; this I accomplished very successfully, the enemy certainly not knowing what was going on. The most of my command had got back to the position occupied the night before, when I received a dispatch from General Meade, through General Sheridan, to the effect that he should hold on to all he had gained at Cold Harbor at all hazards; that the Sixth Corps would be up in the morning to relieve the cavalry. I immediately faced about and marched to Cold Harbor and took up the old position just before daylight without any opposition; in fact, it was done so quietly that I do not believe the enemy knew that I had, for a time, withdrawn from their front. The First Division can well be proud of their achievements on the 30th and 31st of May, when the above drove from the field both Generals Hampton's and Lee's divisions of cavalry, and General Butler's (South Carolina) brigade of mounted infantry, and one brigade of infantry. One of the severest losses the division and the cavalry service sustained on the 31st was the untimely death of Captain McKee, First U. S. Cavalry, than whom a more gallant and accomplished soldier has not given his life for his bleeding country. On this day Generals Merritt and Custer particularly distinguished themselves for personal gallantry and skill in handling their men. This day the Reserve Brigade captured 4 officers and 61 men; the First Brigade captured 47 men.

June 1.- We found ourselves confronted by the enemy's infantry, their cavalry having withdrawn, and Brigadier-General Davies, of the Second Division, was ordered to report to me. About 6 a. m. the enemy made a desperate assault with a brigade of infantry on the lines of the Reserve Brigade, and they were handsomely repulsed, losing many in killed and wounded. Soon after the enemy made a second attempt, but with no better success. About 10 a. m. the infantry (Sixth Corps) began to arrive and relieve the cavalry, and this was accomplished about 1 p. m., when the division marched in the direction of White House, and encamped in the neighborhood of Prospect Church and Parsley's Mill.

June 2.- Marched to Bottom's Bridge and had a slight skirmish with the enemy in a demonstration at the bridge over the Chickahominy.

June 3.- Remained at Bottom's Bridge; nothing of interest except some artillery firing.

June 4.- Marched to Old Church.

June 5.- Marched to the right of the army connecting with the Fifth Corps and General Wilson's division (Third) cavalry.

June 6.- Marched to New Castle Ferry on the Pamunkey River.

June 7.- Crossed the river on pontoon bridge, together with Second Division (General Gregg's), on an expedition toward Gordonsville and the Virginia Central Railroad; camped on Major Douglas' farm, on the south side of the Mattapony River, about 2 miles from Dunkirk.

June 8.- Marched and encamped near Pole Cat Station, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad.

June 9.- Marched and encamped at Young's Mill.

June 10.- Marched, crossing North Anna River, near Minor's Bridge, at Carpenter's Ford, and encamped about 4 miles from Trevilian Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, and just before

