
going into camp 10 or 12 of the enemy attacked the head of the column, but soon retreated rapidly. This was the first time we had seen the enemy during this trip. Generals Merritt and Custer camped for the night on the road to Louisa Court-House, and Colonel Devin's brigade on the road to Trevilian Station. These two places are on the Virginia Central Railroad, and about 6 miles apart. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Second Brigade) was detached to go to a hospital near Spotsylvania Court-House, where some of our wounded were reported to be, and did not rejoin till late on the 11th.

June 11.- I could get no definite information in regard to the enemy, but his pickets were in front of mine of both roads; moreover, I could get no accurate information concerning the roads to Trevilian Station from the inhabitants or my map, but from the best information I could get I learned that the direct route to the station from the forks of the road where I was encamped intersected the road from Louisa Court-House immediately at the depot, and that there was a county road running from the road to Louisa Court House to Trevilian Station, coming into the road from Louisa Court-House to the station about 700 yards from the station, and I was obliged to make my dispositions on the above information; so I ordered Brigadier-General Custer to take the last road referred to to Trevilian road for the same place. General Merritt was in the advance. General Custer was directed as he neared the station to connect or communicate with the command on his right. The column started about 5 a. m., and almost immediately after leaving camp engaged the enemy. I was with the right column, and General Merritt very handsomely drove the enemy before him about a mile, when the enemy took u a position in a dense woods and forest, where it was with the greatest difficulty that a man could get through even if there had been no enemy in front, and this part of the line was held by the South Carolina mounted infantry brigade on foot. The Reserve Brigade was at once dismounted and put into action, and here, I am sorry to say, the gallant Captain Rodenbough, commanding the Second U. S. Cavalry, was severely wounded, and was obliged to leave the field. The men fought desperately, but it was hard to drive the enemy from his cover, as my men could not see their foe. In the mean time, Colonel Devin, with the Fourth and Ninth New York Regiments, were put in to re-enforce General Merritt. About this time Colonel Gregg's brigade, of the Second Division, was ordered to report to me, and I suspended the attack to make dispositions for turning the enemy's left flank, placing Colonel Gregg's brigade on my left. The enemy, undoubtedly seeing these dispositions, commenced to withdraw from my front, which I immediately followed up so closely that the had no time to form again till he was beyond the station, and I stopped the pursuit. They were driven back pell-mell without any organization and their forces cut in two, General Fitz. Lee's division going toward Louisa Court-House, and General Hampton's toward Gordonsville. During this time I could get no communication from General Custer, but could hear his guns well in the rear of the enemy I was fighting, but it seems he was engaged with a force coming from the direction of Louisa Court-House on his left flank and rear. It appears that after skirmishing with the enemy for awhile on the direct road to Louisa Court-House early in the morning, he left that road to take the one I had indi-

