
cated, and that road came out on the railroad about 2 miles from Trevilian Station, instead of a half mile, as I supposed, which was the cause on his being unable to connect with the right column, and could not communicate with me, as the enemy was between us. After striking the railroad, the enemy from the direction of Louisa Court-House attacked his rear, but the pushed steadily on to the station, which point he reached in rear of the enemy engaged with General Merritt and Colonel Devin. In approaching the station, General Custer found the enemy's led horses, trains, and caissons retreating rapidly in the direction of Gordonsville and Charlottesville, and he immediately ordered the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, Colonel Alger, to pursue, which they did in a very gallant manner, capturing about 1,500 horse, 6 caissons, and a number of wagons. The regiment was soon divided up into small parties taking care of the captured property, and the enemy at once sent a still stronger force after them. They were obliged to relinquish their captures and get back the best way they could, and the greater part of the regiment came in. Then Colonel Alger with a few men gallantly cut their way through a column of the enemy to our lines that afternoon. general Custer reached the station about the time that the enemy were driven in such a confused mass from the front of General Merritt and Colonel Devin, so the enemy in a disorganized mass passed through some intervals in his line, passing to his rear, carried off his pack trains, headquarters wagon, and five caissons. The enemy captured one gun, but it was immediately recaptured, in a charge led by General Custer in person; one caisson was recaptured, and the enemy was obliged to abandon two of ours, which were recovered intact. Much credit is due to General Custer for saving his command under such trying circumstances. Later in the day Colonel Gregg drove the enemy from the railroad and turnpike between Louisa court-House and Trevilian Station beyond General Custer's position. On account of the exhausted condition of the men, it was not deemed expedient to advance father that day, and I made dispositions to hold the railroad at that point. This day the Reserve brigade captured 150 officers and men; the First brigade, 8 officers and 133 men; the Second Brigade, 10 officers and 136 men. The enemy in his flight destroyed one caisson and one wagon of hospital supplies and quartermaster's stores. Their loss in killed and wounded was very heavy. General Rosser, commanding division, was severely wounded, 1 colonel, commanding brigade, killed, and 1 captured (wounded). Our loss was quite heavy, as the accompanying lists will show, but the enemy was more severely punished. This day General Merritt and Colonel Devin particularly distinguished themselves for bravery and coolness in action.

June 12.- The division commenced destroying the railroad track and depot, and the track was effectually destroyed for 4 or 5 miles. About 3 o'clock I was ordered with my division and General Davis' brigade of the Second Division to reconnoiter the enemy's position on the Charlottesville and Gordonsville roads. These roads fork about 1 1/2 miles beyond Trevilian Station. The enemy was found strongly entrenched across these two roads about 1 mile from the forks of the roads. One regiment and a section of artillery were placed in position for holding the Charlottesville road, but to make no demonstration. General Custer's brigade was sent on the Gordonsville road, and General Merritt's brigade put on the extreme

