
right, and, if possible, turn the enemy's right. A general advance was ordered, when the enemy driven from his first line of works, when he fell back to a line behind the railroad embankment. From this position on the Gordonsville road it was impossible to drive him, except by having a large force, and then with heavy loss, for the enemy had been re-enforced by one or two regiments of infantry from Gordonsville. it was not deemed expedient to make this sacrifice, as we already had from the fighting the day before as many wounded as we could take care of with our limited transportation. Moreover, our ammunition was getting short, and rations nearly exhausted. Under these circumstances, I was directed to suspend the attack about night, and after dark was ordered to withdraw to the station, which was done without molestation. During the engagement the Reserve Brigade fought with more than their usual desperation, driving the enemy before them, but were unable to hold all they gained, as the enemy was too strongly re-enforced-the men say by infantry. Great credit is due to Lieutenant Williston, of the artillery, for the gallant manner in which he used his guns, part of the time upon the front line of our men. Three regiments-Seventeenth Pennsylvania, and Fourth and Sixth New York Cavalry-were put into action on General Merritt's line, and rendered valuable service; General Davies' brigade was held in reserve, and ready to support any part of the line, and one regiment held the enemy in check at a very important point n the extreme left and rear. This day each brigade of the First Division captured 3 prisoners each. A few of my wounded, I am sorry to say, were obliged to be left at Trevilian Station, on account of their severe wounds. About 12 o'clock at night the division marched back on the road we had come, and about sunrise bivouacked for a few hours on the north bank of the south fork of the North Anna River, and then marched to the north fork of the South Anna, where we remained for the night.

June 14.- Marched and camped at Shady Grove Church on the Catharpin road.

June 15.- Marched via Spotsylvania Court-House to Edge Hill Seminary on the Ta River.

June 16.- Marched, crossing the Ta and Mattapony Rivers, passing through Bowling Green and down the north bank of the Mattapony River, camping on Dr. Butler's farm.

June 17.- Marched via Newtown and Clarksville and camped near Walkerton.

June 18.- Marched, camping at King and Queen Court-House, sending sick, wounded, and prisoners to West Point.

June 19.- Returned on same road via Clarksville to Dunkirk on the Mattapony River.

June 20.- Crossed the Mattapony on pontoon bridge and marched to the Pamunkey River opposite White House, via King william Court-House.

June 21.- Crossed the Pamunkey River on the railroad bridge at White House to support General Gregg's division, who meant the enemy on the opposite side. Colonel Devin's brigade was pushed out on the road to Baltimore Cross- Roads, where he met the enemy in force, but succeeded in holding him in check with the loss of a few men. General Custer was put on the road to Cumberland. General Merritt was held on the road to Tunstall's Station, to support General Gregg or the other two brigades of the division. That night the enemy withdrew from our front.

