
HANOVERTOWN, VA., May 29, 1864-8 a.m. (Received 11.30 a.m., 30th.)

My last dispatch was sent to Port Royal yesterday morning. One sent from here last evening to White House has just been returned to me, my messenger having found nobody there. Movement of the army across the Pamunkey is complete, and has been executed with admirable celerity and success; Burnside's corps, for instance, marched 27 miles yesterday. Our present position is one of exceeding strength, extending from Pamunkey, above Nelson's Ferry, to Totopotomoy Creek. Wright is on Pamunkey, Hancock on his left, Burnside next, and Warren on Totopotomoy. Whether enemy mean to make a stand here is not yet determined, though it seems probable. Sheridan, with Gregg's and Torbert's divisions of cavalry, had a sharp fight with rebel cavalry and infantry yesterday afternoon on stream known as Crump's Swamp. Sheridan's men fought dismounted, attacking them at Harris' (more correctly known as Haw's) Shop. He drove them west as far as place where road from Hanover Court-House forks on south bank of stream. There he found them in such force that he could drive them no farther. He lost 44 killed, including 7 officers, and 306 wounded. He found in field more dead of the rebels than of his own. Their wounded they got off. Officer of Sheridan, who was captured but escaped, reported they would attack us this morning, but they have not begun yet, and most probably will not. General Grant has ordered forces under Smith to New Castle, and will probably make to new movement till he hears from them. Orders for to-day are to let men rest. Our officers and men are in high spirits at the successful execution of this last long and difficult flank movement. It is certain Lee was prepared to resist our crossing at Littlepage's Ferry, but had no idea of our coming here. General Grant, however, was very doubtful of our getting across here, and told me day before yesterday that we might be obliged to go to White House to get over. A few sharpshooters here, with battery on bluff to cover open bottom through which ferry is approached on north side, would have rendered passage at this place impossible. We hear that Lee started his main force from the North Anna at 8 a.m. Friday. Our trains, which were sent back across Mattapony Thursday, are now ordered down to New Castle. Lockwood has been put in command of a newly-constituted fourth division of the Fifth Corps. Tyler's division, of the Second Corps, has been broken up and distributed to other divisions; it had no proper organization, and none could be given it under present circumstances. General Tyler now commands a brigade.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HANOVERTOWN, VA., May 29, 1864-2 p.m. (Received 11.40 a.m., 30th.)

Since my dispatch this morning a general reconnaissance has been ordered, and is now being executed. Precisely at noon Wright moved a division upon the road to Hanover Court-House; Hancock moved a division to Haw's Shop, and thence northwardly toward Hanover Court-House, and Warren a division on the road to Shady

6 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

