
engaged, soon very heavily with the enemy's dismounted cavalry and infantry. It pushed steadily, though slowly, forward, driving the enemy from temporary breast-works to within about 3 miles of the Court-House, when it was re-enforced and finally relieved by a division (Robinson's) of the Fifth Corps. The loss of the brigade in this battle was heavy for the number engaged. Among the valuable officers and men who fell I regret to mention Captain Ash, of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry. On the arrival of the infantry, a part of a regiment of Robinson's division, through apprehension or excitement, fired into the woods to the great danger of the line of battle of the cavalry engaged some distance in front. Captain Ash, together with some of my staff, stopped the firing, and in leading the infantry into position on our skirmish line, was mortally wounded. He died nobly in the discharge of a most important duty; a heroic, patriotic, intrepid cavalry officer, a noble martyr in his country's service. In the battle of the 7th the Reserve Brigade lost-Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Starr, commanding, wounded; Lieutenant and Adjutant Kirk (since dead), and Lieutenant Coxe, wounded. The First Cavalry lost Captain Sumner, Lieutenants Hall, Pennock, Bernard, Ward, and Carr, all wounded. Both these regiments did noble service, and I mourn to report the temporary loss to the cavalry service of so many accomplished gentlemen and gallant soldiers. The enemy's bullets, alas for our command, too often "love shining marks."

On the evening of the 8th the division was camped on Silver's plantation, from which we marched on the morning of the 9th at 4.30 on an expedition to interrupt the enemy's communications with Richmond. The march was continued to Beaver Dam Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, through Tabernacle Church, Stanard's Mill, Thornburg, and Chilesburg. After passing this latter point, the First Brigade, then in advance of the division, crossed the North Anna by order, and, moving on Beaver Dam Station, captured two engines and a number of cars, besides a large quantity of army supplies, which were destroyed. Something less than 300 of our own men (infantry), prisoners to the enemy, were retaken, among whom were 2 or 3 field officers. A misconception of orders given or some other cause marred the success that light have attended this day's works, as by lighting fires after the capture of the station the enemy were informed of our position and many stores were destroyed, which would, as our after experience developed, have been very useful in rationing the men in the command. The success was complete, however, and as it cost nothing in lives or trouble no one felt like taking serious notice of the gaucherie which lost us some of the fruits of a hard day's march. During the night the railroad in the neighborhood of the station for several miles in each direction was thoroughly destroyed.

On the morning of the 10th the enemy's cavalry shelled our camp on the south bank of the North Anna, while some little skirmishing occurred between him and that part of the command on the north bank. The march, however, was resumed without trouble, the First Division being in rear. The day was very hot, and the march, a long one, was made with but little water or rest for our animals. Early on the morning of this day the Fifth Cavalry was sent to occupy Davenport Bridge, on the North Anna, until the rear of the command (The Reserve Brigade) had passed, in order to protect the flank of the column from attack. In withdrawing, this gallant regi-

