
meant, with its accomplished commander, Captain Arnold, at its head, charged and made its way through a very superior force of the enemy, which, by crossing blind fords on the river, had interposed itself between him and the main command. Of necessity some few officers and men were lost as prisoners to the enemy, but the affair was so well managed that the loss was slight and the event highly creditable to the officers and men of the Fifth. These few are the only captures of which the enemy can boast from the First Division during the entire expedition.

On the morning of the 11th, after encamping for the night at Ground Squirrel Bridge, on the South Anna, the march was resumed. The enemy made a feeble attack in the morning before the command moved, but did not venture across the river. Moving on to the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, at Glen Allen Station, the road was destroyed in both directions from that point for 4 or 5 miles. While the destruction was going on the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which was occupying the roads to the south of that point, reported the enemy advancing on the Ashland and Richmond road. The Reserve Brigade, which was ordered to the support of the Sixth Pennsylvania, was soon engaged with the enemy, near the junction of the above-named road and the Brook turnpike. The Second Brigade was thrown in dismounted on the right of the Reserve Brigade, and the First Brigade moved mounted to a position on the left of the line of battle. During the action a regiment of the Second Brigade (the Sixth New York) moved to the front on the Brook pike, took possession of and held the bridge some 3 miles to our front toward Richmond. The enemy fought with much desperation, employing seriously every available man of the Reserve Brigade and two regiments (especially the Ninth New York) of the Second brigade, but finally his line was cut and a charge made mounted by one regiment of the First Brigade (the Fifth Michigan) and a regiment of Chapman's brigade, Third Division (the First Vermont), headed by the intrepid commander of the First Brigade (General Custer), and drove the enemy discomfited off the field. This charge was handsomely executed without loss, and resulted in the capture of two guns, which had been very annoying during the fight and which the enemy had left (unfortunately for him) unsupported. The enemy disappearing from our flank and rear did not again appear until the arrival of the command on the Chickahominy. He suffered very seriously, losing several important officers, colonels commanding regiments and brigades; also his chief cavalry commander, General Stuart, who was mortally wounded in the fight at Yellow Tavern.

On the night of the 11th, the division being second in the order of march, moved down the Brook pike toward Richmond with the rest of the corps, and passing the outskirts of the city, proceeded toward Meadow Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Arriving in this neighborhood, the leading division (Third) was engaged by the enemy toward the Mechanicsville turnpike, while my command was ordered to open the way across the Chickahominy toward Mechanicsville. The Meadow bridges were partially destroyed, and the enemy, who had taken a strong position on the opposite bank, annoyed the fatigue party, which was engaged in repairing the bridge, by a fire from both artillery and a strong line of skirmishers. These latter were soon driven away by parts of the First Division, whom I ordered to occupy the farther edge of the woods. The bridge was completed

