
after a few hours' hard work, when I was ordered to move the division over and occupy the other side. This was accomplished in a very few minutes. The First and Second Cavalry, of the Reserve Brigade, moving dismounted on the right of the road, two regiments of the Second Brigade and one of the and one of the First Brigade on the left of the road, and three regiments of the Reserve and one of the First Brigade moving mounted in column of fours across the bridge and up the road. The position held by enemy, as remarked above, was a strong one, and he had by temporary breast-works made it still stronger, but the officers and men ordered on the duty of opening the road understood their mission and did the work quickly over a stubborn resistance, and would through the opposition had been much stronger. I would not wish to detract from the credit due all who were engaged on this important duty of building and forcing the passage of this bridge, but I cannot refrain from mentioning as entitled to great praise Captain G. A. Gordon, of the Second Cavalry, whose labors were unremitting and very important, both while the bridge was being built and the men and animals were passing. He worked hard and faithfully, and when the fighting was going on was not found wanting. Our loss in this affair was serious, though not very heavy. It is thought that the resolute and impetuous manner in which the attack was made, when the time came for action, did everything to save many valuable men and officers, who must certainly have been lost if any other than the most vigorous attack had been made. The enemy withdrew rapidly from the front so soon as the crossing was effected, and the division, in compliance with orders, marched to Mechanicsville. In marching from this latter place to Gaines' Mill, where we encamped that night, the Reserve Brigade was engaged very briskly for a short time with a brigade of the enemy's cavalry, which appeared on the left flank of the direction of march. This force was soon driven away after the brigade had captured a number of prisoners. no large bodies of the enemy were seen after this time during the remainder of the march, which was resumed on the 13th of May, the command camping at Bottom's Bridge, on the Chickahominy River. Next day we marched to Malvern Hill, where we remained until the night of the 17th. Colonel Devin with his brigade and part of the Reserve Brigade made a satisfactory reconnaissance to New Market.

On the 20th the Second and Reserve Brigades of the division arrived in the neighborhood of the White House, the First Brigade having been detached to move in conjunction with the second division (General Gregg), to again destroy the enemy's communications and discover his position. The Virginia Central Railroad was again destroyed for several miles very effectually, a considerable line of trestle-work being burnt by General Custer's command. It having been decided to cross the Pamunkey, the Second and Reserve Brigades, of the First Division, commenced the work of repairing and rebuilding the railroad bridge at the White House. Much credit is due both officers and men engaged in this work for the prompt and energetic manner in which they discharged their duty. An abutment and several spans of the bridge had to be replaced entirely, many stringers to be supplied, and the flooring for the entire bridge collected and transported from a distance. This was all done in about fifteen hours' work with poor facilities and no tools, save those ordinarily carried by pioneer parties. To Lieutenant Martin, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who superintended the work, great praise is

