
due. Colonel Thorp, First New York Dragoons, Colonel Anderson, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captains Sweitzer, McKee, and Sanford, of the First Cavalry, and Captains Rodenbough and Leoser, of the Second, all attracted especial notice in this most important work.

On the afternoon of the 22nd the division crossed the Pamunkey, and on the 25th of May, with the rest of the corps, rejoined the army near Chesterfield Station. Here General Torbert rejoined and took command. Distance marched, 294 miles.

In this hasty sketch of the expedition I am aware that but feeble prominence has been given to the importance of much of the work done by the First Division while under my command. The time which has elapsed since the events transpired, the work and activity of the subsequent parts of the campaign, the fact that most of the events mentioned took place under the immediate eye of the major-general commanding the corps, renders a more detailed report impracticable and unnecessary. It is enough to say that the division in moving out was in elegant condition, the men and horses endured the march and hardships exceedingly well, and the division, when the enemy was encountered, fought as soldiers who belong to the brigades which compose it)each one of which has an individual reputation gained on well-contested fields in former campaigns) might be expected to fight. I am proud to be associated with the command. The list* of casualties (inclose herewith) will give an idea of the character of the engagements mentioned above.

I need scarcely say no man or officer was needlessly sacrificed. The battery commanders with the division, Lieutenants Williston and Heaton, as also their subordinate officers, both on the march and in the fight, always exhibited the untiring energy, consummate skill, and cool bravery which characterizes most of the artillery officers who have hitherto served with the cavalry. The officers of the division staff, as also my personal aides, did themselves renewed honor during the entire expedition. Their several reputations are too well established on many former occasions to require that I should say more. Their example on the march or in the fight is inspiriting to all who come in contact with them.

I inclose herewith the reports of the brigade commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 193. Reports of Brigadier General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, including operations May 4-July 1.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to the instructions of the general commanding the division I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade, from May 4 to 25, 1864:

On the 4th of May this command left camp near Culpeper and marched to Stony Mountain, where it encamped during the night,

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 128, 184, 185.

