
picketing from the mountain to the Rapidan. At 3 o'clock on the following morning the march was resumed in the direction of Germanna Ford. The point of crossing was afterward changed to Ely's Ford, from which point we moved to Chancellorsville, and encamped about 1 mile beyond on the Fredericksburg plank road. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 6th the brigade moved by the Furnace road to its intersection with the Brock pike, taking a position to hold the intersection. Communication was also opened with General Gregg's division, which was then at Todd's Tavern. While in position at the cross-roads an order was received from the division commander directing me to take the First and Second brigades and move out on the Brock pike for the purpose of harassing Longstreet's corps, which was reported to be moving on Hancock's left flank. Before this order could be executed my pickets on the Brock pike, under Captain Maxwell, First Michigan, were driven in, and a large force of the enemy's cavalry appeared on my front. Most of my command was concealed by the woods, only the pickets and reserves being visible to the enemy. This fact induced the enemy to charge, but the First Michigan, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, charged his advancing column and repulsed him handsomely, killing and wounding a large number of the enemy. My entire line was then thrown forward and advantageously posted in a ravine fronting an extended open country. The enemy made repeated and desperate attempts to drive me from this position, but was defeated each time with heavy loss. Failing to dislodge men through the woods on my right, intending to turn my right flank and gain possession of the Furnace road in my rear. Discovering this movement, I sent the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, Colonel Alger commanding, and the Sixth Michigan Cavalry, Major Kidd commanding, to check the advance of the enemy, and if possible to drive him to the open country beyond. About this time Colonel Devin reported to me with the Second Brigade. A section of artillery sent to me by General Gregg also arrived. Eight guns were placed in a favorable position for silencing the guns of the enemy. I directed Colonel Devin to support the battery placed in position which one of his regiments. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania was sent dismounted into the woods on my right to re-enforce the Fifth and Sixth Michigan Cavalry, which at this time was hard pressed by the enemy. With the remaining portion of his command Colonel Devin was instructed to protect and hold the left flank. When the dispositions were completed, I ordered the battery of eight guns to fire as rapidly as they could be loaded and aimed, while the three regiments dismounted on my right were ordered to advance. Captain Maxwell, with one squadron of the First Michigan Cavalry, charged the enemy in front. The enemy, after contesting the ground obstinately, was driven from the field in great disorder, leaving his dead and many of his wounded upon the ground. We also captured a considerable number of prisoners, who informed us that we had been engaged with Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry. Orders having been received not to pursue the enemy beyond this point, we remained on the field until near night, establishing communication in the meanwhile with the left of the Second Corps. Just before dark I received orders to withdraw my command and encamp near the Furnace.

On the morning of the 7th we reoccupied the ground we held the day before. Upon arriving at the intersection of the Furnace road

