
and Brock pike, the First Michigan was thrown forward to hold the road leading to Todd's Tavern. The enemy was encountered in heavy force about three-fourths of mile beyond the cross-roads. A portion of the First Michigan was dismounted and advanced through the woods on both sides of the road, while the remainder of the regiment, under Captain Brevoort, moved up the road mounted. After a short but severe engagement the enemy were driven back to Todd's Tavern, which point was soon after occupied by our forces, under General Gregg, whose right flank connected with my left. But little fighting occurred on my front during the remained of that day.

On the 8th we moved from Todd's Tavern to Silver's, a point on the Fredericksburg plank road, where the entire corps was massed. At daylight on the morning of the 9th the corps started on the Richmond raid, this brigade being in the advance. After a short halt at Chilesburg, where this division was massed, we moved on the road leading to Beaver Dam Station, of the Virginia Central Railroad. Just before reaching the North Anna River the advance guard reported a train of the enemy's ambulances to be in sight. Major Brewer, of the First Michigan Cavalry, with one battalion of his regiment, was ordered to push forward and capture them, after which he was to move rapidly upon Beaver Dam Station, the remainder of the brigade to follow closely in support. Before reaching the station the advance encountered a considerable force of the enemy, conducting upward of 400 Union prisoners to Richmond. Major Brewer gallantly charged the enemy, and succeeded in recapturing all our men and quite a number of their captors. Among the recaptured men of our army was 1 colonel, 2 lieutenant-colonels, and a considerable number of captains and lieutenants, all belonging to infantry regiments, and had been captured during the battles of the Wilderness. Pressing on, we obtained possession of Beaver Dam Station, where we captured three trains and two first-class locomotives. The trains were heavily laden with supplies for the army. In addition, we captured an immense amount of army supplies, consisting of bacon, flour, meal, sugar, molasses, liquours, and medical stores; also several hundred stand of arms, a large number of hospital tents, the whole amounting to several millions of dollars' worth. After supplying my command with all the rations they could transport, I caused the remainder to be burnt. I also caused the railroad track to be destroyed for a considerable distance. The enemy made frequent attempts during the night to drive me from the station, but were unsuccessful. On the following day this command moved with the corps to the sough bank of the South Anna, crossing at Ground Squirrel Bridge.

On the 11th the enemy's cavalry, under Major General J. E. B. Stuart, was met at Yellow Tavern, near the intersection of the Telegraph road with the Brook pike. The Second and Reserve Brigades were first engaged. Afterward this brigade was thrown in on the left of the Reserve brigade, connecting on my left with the right of the Third Division. The enemy was strongly posted on a bluff in rear of thin skirt of woods, his battery being concealed from our view by the woods, while they had obtained perfect range of position. The edge of the woods nearest to my front was held by the enemy's dismounted men, who poured a heavy fire into my lines until the Fifth and Sixth Michigan were ordered to dismount and drive the

52 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

