
enemy from his position, which they did in the most gallant manner, led by Colonel Alger, of the Fifth, and Major Kidd, of the Sixth. Upon reaching the woods I directed Colonel Alger to establish the Fifth and Sixth upon a line near the skirts of the wood and hold his position until further orders. From a personal examination of the ground, I discovered that a successful charge might be made upon the battery of the enemy by keeping well to the right. with this intention I formed the First Michigan Cavalry in column of squadrons under cover of the wood. At the same time I directed Colonel Alger and Major Kidd to move the Fifth and Sixth Michigan Cavalry forward and occupy the attention of the enemy on the left, Heaton's battery to engage them in front, while the First charged the battery on the flank. The bugle sounded the advance and the three regiments moved forward. As soon as the First Michigan moved from the cover of the woods the enemy divined our intention and opened a brisk fire from his artillery with shell and canister. Befor the battery of the enemy could be reached there were five fences to be opened and a bridge to cross, over which it was impossible to pass more than 3 at one time, the intervening ground being within close range of the enemy's battery. Yet, notwithstanding these obstacles, the First Michigan, Lieutenant-colonel Stagg commanding, advanced boldly to the charge, and when within 200 yards of the battery, charged it with a yell which speak terror before them. Two pieces of cannon, two limbers, filled with ammunition, and a large number of prisoners were among the results of this charge.

While it is impossible to mention the manes of all the officers of the First Michigan Cavalry who distinguished themselves by their gallantry in this charge, I cannot forbear from referring specially to the conduct of Major Howrigan, of this regiment, whose bravery on this occasion rendered him conspicuous. He was the first to reach the rebel battery, and doing so received a wound on the arm. Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, who commanded the First Michigan in the charge, deserves, with the officers and men of his command, great credit for the daring manner in which the rebel battery was taken. The assistance of the Fifth and Sixth Michigan Cavalry, by engaging the attention of the enemy in front, was also most important. After the enemy was driven across a deep ravine, about a quarter of a mile beyond the position held by his battery, he rallied and reformed his forces and resisted successfully the farther advance of the First Michigan. The Seventh Michigan, commanded by major Granger, was ordered forward at a trot, and when near the enemy's position was ordered to charge with drawn sabers. Major Granger, like a true soldier, placed himself at the head of his men and led them bravely up to the very muzzles of the enemy's guns, but notwithstanding the heroic efforts of this gallant officer, the enemy held their position, and the Seventh Michigan was compelled to retire, but not until the chivalric Granger had fallen, pierced through the head and heart by the bullets of the enemy. He fell as the warrior loves to fall, with his face to the foe. The untied efforts of the First, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Michigan, assisted by Heaton's battery, and the First Vermont, under the gallant Colonel Preston, proved sufficient, after a close contest, to rout the enemy and drive him from his position. His defeat was complete. He fled, leaving a large number of dead and wounded in our hands. Amont the dead was found the body of the notorious Colonel Henry Clay Pate.

