
From facts obtained on the battle-field and from information derived since, I have every reason to believe that the rebel General J. E. B. Stuart received his death wound from the hands of Private John A. Huff, Company E, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, who has since died from a wound received at Haw's Shop.

After the enemy had been driven across the upper Chickahominy this command remained upon the battle-ground until after midnight, when it moved in rear of the other portions of the command toward Meadow Bridge by way of the Brook pike. On arriving near the bridge, this brigade was ordered by the major-general commanding the corps to take the advance and open the way across the Chickahominy at this point. The enemy, after destroying the bridge, had taken a very strong position upon the opposite side, from which they commanded be bridge and its approaches by artillery, infantry, and dismounted cavalry. The Fifth Michigan, under Colonel Alger, was dismounted and crossed the river on the railroad bridge a short distance below. The Sixth Michigan, under Major Kidd, also crossed the sam bridge dismounted. These two regiments advanced far enough to protect the pioneers while building the bridge. This being done, the Seventh Michigan, two regiments from colonel Devin's brigade, and two regiments from General Merritt's brigade crossed the bridge to the support of the Fifth and Sixth. The enemy had improved the natural strength of their position by heavy breast-works. After a hard contest, from which we suffered severely, the enemy were driven from his position, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. His retreat was so rapid that pursuit by dismounted men was impossible, and the First Michigan, supported by two regiments of the Reserve Brigade, commanded by Colonel Gibbs, were sent forward and drove the enemy from 2 miles, returning with many prisoners. In this engagement the enemy lost heavily in officers, among others General Gordon, mortally wounded. From this point the entire command moved to Gaines' Mill, this brigade being in advance, where the entire command encamped for the night.

The following morning, May 13, we marched to Bottom's Bridge and encamped. May 14, arrived at Malvern Hill, and opened communication with General Butler's force. May 17, about dark, started on our return to the army. May 18, crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, and about 2 p. m. reached Baltimore Cross-Roads, where we encamped until the 20th, when this brigade was detached from the corps for the purpose of destroying the richmond and Fredericksburg and Virginia central Railroads at their crossing of the North Anna. On the evening of the same day reached Hanover Court-House, where we burned two trestle bridges over Hanover Creek, and destroyed about 1 mile of the railroad at that place, capturing some commissary stores at the station. Not deeming it advisable to encamp at that point, we moved back to Hanovertown. The next morning returned to Hanover Court-House, where we ascertained that a brigade of rebel cavalry had occupied the town that night, and had retired in the direction of Hanover Junction. A heavy force of the enemy, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, was also reported at the railroad bridge over the South Anna. Leaving the Sixth and Seventh to hold the cross-roads at Hanover Court-House, the First and Fifth were ordered to move in the direction of the South Anna and ascertain the strength and position of the enemy. They had not proceeded beyond 2 miles, when

