
the enemy was discerned in strong force in front, while a heavy column of his was reported to be moving on our left flank. Not desiring to bring on an engagement at this point, and having accomplished the main object of the expedition, the command was withdrawn, and rejoined the division the following day at White House, where we crossed the Pamunkey about dark, and encamped about 1 mile from the river. May 23, marched to Herring Creek, and encamped about 2 miles from Dunkirk. The following day marched to near Milford Station. May 25, we rejoined the army.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to the instructions of the general commanding the division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade, from May 26, 1864, to July 1, both days inclusive:

On the 26th of May we broke camp and marched until midnight, reaching Dabney's Ferry, of the Pamunkey. The ferry was held by a portion of Butler's brigade of the enemy's cavalry. The First Michigan, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, was ordered to drive the enemy from the banks and cover the laying of the pontoon bridge. After a brisk engagement we obtained possession of the opposite bank of the river, capturing a number of prisoners. After the bridge was completed the whole command crossed, this brigade being in the advance. At Hanovertown this brigade was divided, the First and Sixth Michigan moving up the direct road to Hanover House, the, the Fifth and Seventh Michigan taking a road to the left leading to Haw's Shop. The First and Sixth had proceeded but a short distance from Hanovertown when they encountered a superior force of the enemy's cavalry dismounted and holding the woods on each side of the road. The enemy, by his superiority in numbers and his advantage of position, successfully checked the farther advance of the First and Sixth, until, ascertaining this fact, I ordered the Fifth and Seventh to move by a road leading from Haw's Shop to the rear of the enemy's position. A considerable force of the enemy was found holding this road, but the advance of the Fifth Michigan, under Captain Hastings, supported by the main portion of the regiment, under Captain Magoffin, charged and drove them in great disorder. Upon arriving near Crump's Creek the enemy took up a new position and attempted to prevent our farther advance. The Fifth Michigan was dismounted and deployed on the right, while the Seventh Michigan charged with the saber on our left. The enemy, not waiting to receive the charge, fled in [confusion] across Crump's Creek, followed by the Seventh Michigan, who charged them 3 miles, returning with a large number of prisoners. The position now held by the Fifth Michigan was almost in rear of that portion of the enemy confronting the First and Sixth. My diminished numbers and exhaustion of both men and horses prevented me

