
from making a vigorous attack upon the enemy's rear. I contented myself with making a diversion in favor of the First and Sixth Michigan, the effect of which was to relieve them from the presence of the enemy in their front, who, estimating the force in their rear to be a vastly superior one, gave way in a disorderly rout. The First and Sixth were moved forward and united with the Fifth Seventh, when we took up a position on Crump's Creek. We encamped on Crump's Creek until the following morning, when, the Second Division being attacked by the entire cavalry force of the enemy, we were ordered to General Gregg's assistance. After marching to Haw's Shop we moved down the Richmond road near the vicinity of Aenon Church. Owing to the thick woods and dense underbrush (in front of the enemy's position) it was impossible to maneuver the command mounted. The entire brigade was therefore dismounted and formed in line, crossing the road at right angles, the First and Sixth Michigan being formed on the right of the road, the Fifth and Seventh on the left, the left of the Sixth connecting with the right of the Seventh Michigan. In this manner the brigade moved forward until near General Gregg's line of battle, when a gap was opened in his line of battle for our occupation. By this time the engagement had become general throughout the entire line, and the firing very heavy. Severe losses had been inflicted on both sides without any decided advantage to either. As soon as all necessary dispositions had been completed this brigade moved forward and engaged the enemy. The Fifth and Seventh in their advance were exposed to a well-directed cross-fire from the enemy, as well as to a heavy fire in their front. More than once were they compelled to give ground before the destructive shower of bullets which was poured upon them, but only to advance again with courage and determination. Seeing that it was within the power of the First and Sixth to advance and dislodge that portion of the enemy which had poured such a destructive cross-fire into the ranks of the Fifth and Seventh, I gave the order for the two former regiments to advance their line, which order was obeyed with promptness, the men moving forward with a cheer, driving the enemy from his position in great confusion and compelling him to leave the ground strewn with his dead and wounded. At the same time the Fifth and Seventh, on the left of the road, advanced and were successful in dislodging the enemy from their front, inflicting upon him a terrible loss. The pursuit was kept up until the enemy had placed himself beyond the range of our guns.

From an examination of the ground after the engagement it was ascertained that the loss of the enemy was for heavier than during any previous engagement of the same extent and duration. The havoc was particularly great in Butler's brigade of mounted infantry, composed of seven large regiments, principally from South Carolina. Our loss in this battle was greater than in any other engagement of the campaign, Captain Maxwell, of the First Michigan, Captain Oliphant, Lieutenants Brewer, Osburn, and Mothersill, of the Fifth, were severely wounded, and Captain Dodge slightly wounded. Lieutenant James I. Christiance (one of my personal aides), while gallantly cheering on the men in the thickest of the fight and at the moment when the tide of battle was being turned in our favor, received tow wounds, one of which carried away the end of his thumb and the other inflicting a very dangerous and painful wound through the

