
thigh. At the same time his horse was shot under him. Also Lieutenant Nims of my staff had his horse shot. We held our position here until after dark, when we were relieved by the infantry. We marched back and encamped on the Pamunkey about 1 mile from the mouth of the Totopotomoy Creek.

The following day we crossed the creek and camped about a mile from New Castle Ferry, where we remained until 3 p. m. of the 30th, when we marched to Old Church. Here we found the Reserve Brigade engaged with the enemy, who had taken up a position on the Matadequin Creek, Being ordered to the support of General Merritt, I ordered the Fifth Michigan in on the right of the road dismounted. The First and Seventh on the left also dismounted. As soon as I had formed my line I ordered them to advance. The men went forward with a yell, and in a very short time we had driven the enemy from his position. The Fifth Michigan on the right of the road moved forward very much faster than the regiments on the left, those on the left (the First and Seventh) having met a larger force, who opposed them with great determination. I then ordered the Sixth Michigan (which was in reserve) up mounted to charge them, but before I could get that regiment up the enemy had been driven from the field, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. In this fight we captured a large number of prisoners, and Lieutenant Granger, of my staff, was struck in the left shoulder by a spent ball. We encamped at Parsley's Mill on the Matadequin Creek.

may 31, about 3 p. m., the brigade moved toward Cold Harbor. The Sixth Michigan moved by a country road with orders, if possible, to connect with the right of Colonel Devin's brigade. Arriving near that place we found the Reserve Brigade hotly engaged with a superior force of enemy, consisting of cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The rebels had a strong barricade on the crest of the hill on which Cold Harbor is situated, which was well defended. All our efforts to dislodge them for a time were unsuccessful, until the Fifth Michigan and a portion of the Reserve Brigade were ordered to move on one of the enemy's flanks. The enemy finding their position turned, began to abandon their works. At this moment one battalion of the First Michigan, under Major Brewer, was ordered to charge the enemy with drawn sabers. This charge produced the desired effect. The enemy, without waiting to receive it, threw down their arms and fled, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. This position being an important one, and having received orders to hold it at any cost, measures were taken to place it in as defensible condition as possible. We remained on the ground that night, the troops sleeping on their arms.

Soon after daybreak of the next morning a portion of the line held by the First Michigan was attacked by a large force of the enemy. Heavy firing was kept up for a long time, but the enemy finding our position too strong withdrew. It was here that Captain Brevoort, of the First Michigan, one of the most gallant officers in the corps; also Captain Heazlit, of the same regiment, were wounded. We were then relieved by the Sixth Corps, after which we moved back to within a few miles of I arsley's Mill and encamped.

June 2, we moved toward the Chickahominy and encamped at Bottom' Bridge. We remained here until the 4th, when we moved to Old Church Tavern. June 5, encamped at Studley's, near Haw's

