
Shop. 6th, encamped at New Castle Ferry. 7th, crossed the Pamunkey, marched a mile beyond Aylett's, and remained their until next morning, when we moved to Herring Creek and encamped. June 9, encamped at Young's Bridge. June 10, encamped within 3 miles of Louisa Court-House. About daylight of the 11th the Seventh Michigan (who were on picket on the road leading to the Court-House) was attacked by Wickham's rebel cavalry. As soon as I received notice of this attack I ordered the First Michigan to move to the support of the Seventh. The enemy did not follow up this attack. We then moved toward Trevilian Station. The other brigades of the division had already moved by another road, and I was ordered to connect with them at the station. The force by which we had been attacked followed us up, but did not press my rear very close. My advance had arrived to within a short distance of the station, when I received word from Captain Hastings, commanding the advance, that there was a wagon train in sight. I immediately ordered to Fifth Michigan, Colonel Alger, to charge them. This regiment charged down past the station, capturing a large number of wagons, ambulances, caissons, and about 800 led horses, this being the horses of the force engaging General Merritt and Colonel Devin. I then sent the Sixth Michigan forward to the support of the Fifth. They had gone but a short distance when the rebels charged them in the rear. I then dismounted a portion of my command and very soon had driven the enemy from my front. I moved down to the station and discovered a large force of the enemy with a battery in position on the right of the road. I ordered Major Brewer with the Seventh Michigan down the road mounted, with orders that as soon as my battery opened to charge them with drawn saber. I had then one section of Captain Pennington's battery in position near the station-house, and had sent orders to the First Michigan, which was in the rear, to move forward as rapidly as possible, to charge the enemy upon his left flank at the moment the Seventh Michigan charged them in front; but this regiment was found fully employed in holding the enemy, who were making a vigorous assault on our rear; consequently before the disposition could be made the enemy had gained possession of the woods on our right, and poured such a destructive fire upon our cannoneers that they were compelled to change the position of the section. Colonel Alger, acting under the impulses of a pardonable zeal, did not halt at the station, as the order required, but advanced more than a mile, hoping to increase his captures. The enemy, taking advantage of this, interposed his forces between Colonel Alger's rear and the advance of the Sixth Michigan, reoccupying the station and cutting Colonel Alger off from support. Disappointed at not meeting the other brigades of the division with which I expected to form a junction at this point, and the enemy having shown himself in heavy force on all sides, I was compelled to take up a position near the station from which I could resist the attack of the enemy, which were now being made on my front, right, left, and rear. As firing could now be heard in the direction from which the Reserve and Second Brigades were expected, I determined to hold my position until re-enforcements could arrive. The enemy made repeated and desperate efforts to break our lines at different points, and in doing so compelled us to change the positions of our batteries. The smallness of my force compelled me to adopt very contracted lines. From the nature of the ground and the character of the attacks that were made upon me our lines resembled very nearly a

