
circle. The space over which we fought was so limited that there was actually no place which could be called under cover, or in other words the entire ground was in range of the enemy's guns. This fact induced the officer who had assumed charge of the pack trains, caissons, headquarters wagons, and all the property we had captured, to seek without orders a place of safety. In doing so he conducted them into the lines of the enemy, where they were captured. In causing this mishap he acted on his own responsibility, impelled by fear alone, and I might add that for his conduct on this occasion the President of the United States has dismissed him from the service for cowardice and treachery.

About this time the enemy charged one of my guns, but before he could get it from the field the Seventh Michigan, led by Majors Brewer and Walker, charged them, killing and wounding quite a number. Twice the enemy charged this gun, but were unsuccessful in its capture. In this charge Major Brewer was wounded. After the enemy had been driven from this place I took the Seventh Michigan and started after the trains. We came upon the rear of them, and recaptured two caissons, three ambulances, and several wagons. The enemy's force being so much greater than mine, I did not deem it advisable to follow them. I then ordered this regiment back to its position on the line. At this time we had connected with the other brigades of the division. The enemy had now withdrawn from my front. In this fight Majors Kidd and Deane were captured, but were afterward retaken by a portion of their command, led by Captain Birge. In this fight Lieutenant Richard Baylis, of my staff, received a severe and painful wound in his shoulder while bravely leading a successful charge against a superior force of the enemy. He continued to fight and encourage the men until compelled to leave the field from loss of blood. Captain J. L. Greene, my assistant adjutant-general, was here taken prisoner. With unfeigned sorrow I am called upon to record the death of one of the "bravest of the brave," Sergt. Mitchel Beloir, of the First Michigan Cavalry, who has been my color bearer since the organization of this brigade. Sergt. Mitchell Beloir received his death-wound while nobles discharging his duty to his flag and to his country. He was killed in the advance while gallantly cheering the men forward to victory. The men remained on the line all night.

The next day, about 4 p. m., we moved out on the road to Gordonsville, this brigade being in the advance. We had marched but a few miles when we found the enemy in a very strong position. I immediately dismounted the Sixth and Seventh Michigan, sending the Sixth in on the left of the railroad, the Seventh going in on the right, holding the First and Fifth in reserve. Soon the regiments became hotly engaged. A portion of the Reserve Brigade was them sent in to connect with the right of my line. I also ordered the First and Fifth Michigan to move out and re-enforce the Sixth and Seventh. At this time the engagement became general. We had been fighting in this manner for some time, gaining on advantage, when I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding division to advance my line and, if possible, dislodge the enemy, but his position proving too formidable, I deemed it best to withdraw my command to the position they had previously held at the forks of the road. We held this position until midnight, when we withdrew. Our loss in officers in this fight was very heavy-Captain Carr, Lieutenants Pulver and Warren, First Michigan, killed; and

