
Captain Duggan and Lieutenant Bullock, of the same regiment, wounded; also Captains hastings and Dodge, of the Fifth Michigan, wounded; and Captain Lovell and Lieutenant Canouse, of the Sixth Michigan, wounded. We moved that night, and on the next morning we crossed the north branch of North Anna, near which place we encamped.

June 14, encamped at Shady Grove Church. 15th, encamped near Gaines' Station. 16th, encamped 8 miles beyond Newtown. 17th, encamped near Walkerton. 18th, encamped near King and Queen Court-House. 19th, moved to Dunkirk. 20th, crossed the Mattapony and encamped near the Pamunkey. 21st, crossed the Pamunkey at White House. 22nd, crossed the Chickahominy near Jones' Bridge and encamped near that river 24th, from which place we marched to Charles City Court-House, where we encamped. 25th, moved to near the James Rive. 28th, crossed the James at Wind Mill Point. 29th, moved to Prince George Court-House. 30th, encamped near Reams' Station. June 1, marched back to the banks of the James River.

During these operations this brigade has captured 14 commissioned officers, 318 enlisted men, 2 pieces of artillery with limbers full of ammunition, and have wounded Major General J. E. B. Stuart and General Gordon. It would be unjust to the brave officers and men who compose my command did I close this report without uttering one word in recognition of their bravery, daring, and endurance as exhibited during the late campaign. Where so many instances of individual heroism occurred it is impossible to particularize. The desire to discharge all duties in a faithful and patriotic manner seemed universal throughout the command. I can only return my thanks to the regimental commanders and the officers and men under them for the promptness and energy with which they carried out my orders. My thanks are also due to Captain Pennington, Lieutenants Woodruff and Egan, for the skillful and dashing manner with which their guns were halted. Words cannot express my gratitude to the members of my staff, who on all occasions rendered me the most hearty support and to whose able assistance I was frequently indebted for the success of our arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 194. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, of operations May 4-25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY,

[July -, 1864.]

SIR: I would most respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my regiment from May 4, 1864, to May 25:

On the 4th of May I received orders from General Custer to move with my regiment from Culpeper to Stevensburg, going by the way of Beverly Station, at which place I was to remain until the army train had passed, and then to follow in the rear of the train to

