
Stevensburg, at which place I joined the brigade and went with it to Stony Mountain. On the 5th of May the regiment, with the brigade, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, moved out on the Chancellorsville road, and encamped 2 miles beyond Chancellorsville. At 2 a. m. May 6 the brigade moved out on the Furnace road to Todd's Tavern, my regiment marching in the rear. On the Arrival at the tavern, General Custer ordered me to go back on the road to relieve the First Vermont Regiment, which wa on picket on the left of the infantry, and forming the right of the cavalry line. In a short time after my line was arranged the general came up with the rest of the brigade. At 8.30 a. m. the enemy appeared on our flank, driving in my pickets and reserves. General Custer ordered my regiment forward, and, with the assistance of the Fifth and Sixth Michigan Cavalry, the enemy were checked and finally driven from the field. After dark we returned with the brigade to the Furnaces, and at 8 a. m. May 7 again moved out with the intention of occupying our old position, but the enemy were ahems of us. My regiment was ordered to hold the road to Todd's Tavern, to which I sent one squadron in the woods dismounted, on the right and side of the road, as flankers to one squadron mounted which was in the road, after which another squadron was sent to the right to continue the line and to make connection with the left of Colonel D.'regiment. In a short time after the opposition came up, we moved the Reserve Brigade and relieved that portion of the line on the Todd's Tavern road, when I was ordered to take the same position which I occupied the previous day, where the regiment stopped until the next morning, May 8, when we marched with the army toward Spotsylvania Court-House, as far as [Pney Branch] Church, from which place we went to [Silver's], on the plank road between Chancellorsville and Fredericksburg. On the morning of the 9th of May the regiment moved with the brigade on the old Telegraph road to Chilesburg, flanking the enemy on the right. Here I was ordered to take the advance and proceed to Beaver Dam Station, sending to squadrons in the advance; these I placed under the command of Major M. Brewer. The river was passed, and the station taken with the firing of only 6 shots; 350 men, prisoners, released, the trains of cars and two locomotives captured, together with a large amount of commissary stores for General Lee's army. I was ordered to hold the station. During the night the enemy made a dash at my pickets, and succeeded in driving them, but Lieutenants Matthews and Decker, by ably handling them, soon established the line again. During the whole night and until the Second Division moved out continual skirmishing was kept up with severe loss to the enemy, by his own report. Our loss was comparatively small.

May 10. [On this day the command moved with the corps to the south bank of the South Anna, crossing at Ground Squirrel Bridge.]

May 11, moved toward Richmond, crossing the Fredericksburg railroad at Heusdal [Hungary] Station, at which place the enemy were supposed to be on our left flank. On marching over the road we found the enemy engaged with the advance brigade, disputing the passage of the road by a battery on the left. General Custer ordered my regiment up to charge this battery, and with the consent of General Custer, Major Howrigan led two squadrons to the charge, and captured two guns. I followed the major closely with the regiment, so we succeeded in holding all the advantage gained. The

