
enemy made two desperate attempts to regain his position, but was handsomely repulsed, and finally obliged to fall back across the Chickahominy Swamp. At 1 a. m. of May 12 I moved with the regiment down the pike toward Richmond to Brook Church, when we turned to the right and crossed the Chickahominy Swamp at Meadow Bridge. The regiment was not engaged at the crossing of Meadow Bridge or on any subsequent period on this raid. With this I send a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER STAGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. W. BARNHART, A. A. A. G.

Numbers 195. Reports of Colonel Russell A. Alger, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, including operations May 4-July 3.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,July 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Obeying orders received from brigade headquarters dated July 6, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the brigade from May 4 to May 25, inclusive:

May 4, moved from camp near Culpeper to Stony Mountain.

May 5, moved at 3 a. m., crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford, to near chancellorsville; picketed road leading to Tood's Tavern.

May 6, moved at 3 a. m. on the road leading to Tood's Tavern, where we arrived at 8 a. m. The enemy's cavalry appearing between our position and the left of the infantry line we moved back about 2 miles, where we met Rosser's and a portion of Jones' rebel cavalry brigades. The line of battle formed, this regiment occupied the center, the First Cavalry on the right, the Seventh the left, the Sixth being sent to attack the enemy's left. When the engagement had lasted about one hour I received an order to join the Sixth Cavalry, commanded by Major Kidd, which was obeyed, and after a severe contest, lasting about half an hour, during which time the balance of the brigade engaged him in his front, the enemy was driven from the field, leaving his dead and a portion of his wounded in our possession. In this engagement Lieutenant Sabin, of Company K, was severely wounded in the thigh. A note found on the field written by the rebel surgeon-in-chief, asking for transportation for wounded, says: "We have many killed and 60 more wounded than we have transportation for." Moved back on Chancellorsville road about 3 miles in the evening. 7th, moved back to position occupied yesterday; regiment ordered to take position on right of line. Found it occupied by the enemy, charged, and drove him out. Some slight skirmishing during the day. About 6 p. m. regiment, with brigade, moved near Todd's Tavern; joined the right of Second Division. Enemy was found in force, attacked, and routed. Occupied position of the day during the night. 8th, moved toward Spotsylvania Court-House and back on Fredericksburg road

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 128, 184, 185.

