
below Chancellorsville and encamped. 9th, moved with corps via Massaponax Church toward Beaver Dam Station; arrived at Chilesburg 4 p. m. Brigade ordered to move down to attack and destroy station and trains. Moving rapidly toward station, First Michigan in advance, came upon and recaptured between 300 and 400 of our prisoners (infantry) taken by the rebels at Spotsylvania, with rebel guard and a large wagon train. Arriving at station, assisted in capturing and burning three large train, two locomotives, and a large amount of hospital, commissary, and quartermaster's stores; included in the latter were ninety-five army wagons. The Richmond Dispatch estimated the rebel loss here at $10,000,000. 10th, ordered to Green Bay on picket. In morning, slight skirmishing; recalled at 11 a. m.; marched to and crossed the South Anna at Ground Squirrel Bridge and encamped for night. 11th, moved down the Richmond road, crossing the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad at Negro Foot Station, destroying road; moved to Yellow Tavern, on Brook turnpike, where we met Stuart's cavalry in force. Regiment was dismounted here and ordered to the left of the road, to drive the enemy from a piece of woods which they occupied on the opposite side of a large open field. Charging across the field, under a heavy fire, the enemy was driven from his position across a ravine. Here my loss was quite heavy. Reforming the line, the Sixth Michigan, Major Kidd, having joined me, I received an order from the general commanding the brigade to charge the enemy in my front and right, as he was going to charge a rebel battery stationed on the right of the road. This order executed, and arriving at a point commanding a hill in rear of the rebel battery, my attention was called by Captain Judson, of this regiment, to an officer, accompanied by a large staff and escort, carrying a battle-flag, who was just coming on to the hill from the rear. This officer was shot from his horse by Private John A. Huff, Company E, formerly of Berdan's Sharpshooters. He was immediately carried to the rear by his staff. About thirty minutes later the hill was carried, and a woman and negro informed me that General Stuart had been shot on the hill mentioned, and first brought to their house and afterward carried away in an ambulance. Rebel accounts agree with the statements made by this woman and negro; also what was seen by us. In this engagement the brave Captain Axtell, of Company A, was severely, it was feared mortally, wounded, and left at a citizen's house near the battle-field; also Lieutenant Mothersill, Company A, and Lieutenant Stevenson, Company F, were slightly wounded; neither left the field. At 11 p. m. we marched toward Richmond. 12th, arrived in front of Richmond. At daylight was ordered to cross the Chickahominy River at Meadow Bridge, which had been destroyed by the rebels upon our approach, and was held by them. Dismounting, we drove them from their first position. Crossing upon the railroad bridge, the enemy was driven back about half a mile into his entrenchments upon a hill. Here the Sixth Cavalry was sent forward for support. Finally the brigade came up, when the enemy was flanked and routed, leaving his dead and number of prisoners in our hands. Owing to a dense wood which we used for cover, although the engagement lasted over an hour, our loss was comparatively light. In this engagement the rebel General Rodes lost an arm, and has since died of his wounds.* Moved to Gaines' Mill, where we encamped, picketing the Richmond

*Rodes was killed at Opequon, Va., September 19, 1864.

