
road. 13th, moved to and encamped near Bottom's Bridge; picketed road to Gaines' Mill. 14th, crosses Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge; moved to Malvern Hill. 17th, moved at 9 p. m. toward White House. 18th, arrived at Baltimore Cross-Roads 12 mm. 20th, marched with brigade to Hanover Court-House; destroyed two railroad bridges and some track; moved back about 7 miles and encamped. 21st, went back to Hanover Court-House; drove a rebel picket from the town. Was ordered to move with regiment, supported by First Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Stagg, to ascertain the strength of the enemy at and, if possible, destroy the railroad bridge crossing the South Anna River. After some skirmishing, and finding a strong force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, I reported the fact to the general commanding, who ordered me to return. Moved back to within 4 miles of White House and encamped. 22nd, crossed the Pamunkey at White House. 23d, marched via Aylett's to and encamped near Herring Creek. 24th, marched to Concord Church. 25th, marched to Chesterfield Station. Joined Army of the Potomac.

Although this campaign has been a severe and fatiguing one, the regiment has not lost the services of a man from disease. I regret to report that Private John A. Huff, Company E, the man mentioned who wounded General Stuart, has recently died of wounds received at Haw's Shop on the 28th of May. He was forty-eight years of age, head belonged to Berdan's Sharpshooters two years, won the first prize as the best shot in his regiment, been discharged and enlisted in this regiment at Armada, Mich., last winter, where he resided.

Annexed hereto I forward a list of casualties in the regiment during the time given, the total of which is killed, 8; wounded, commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 29; missing,3.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. W. BARNHART,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, First Div., Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,In the Field, July 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Obeying orders received 6th instant from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the brigade from May 26 to June 30, 1864:

May 26, regiment moved with brigade from Wright's Tavern, near Milford Station, to Hanovertown Ferry, on Pamunkey River. 27th, crossed river and moved toward Hanover Court-House. Met the enemy's cavalry, Maryland Battalion; drove them back near to Hanover Court-House, with brigade, capturing a number of prisoners. Encamped on the field during the night. 28th, about 2 p. m., ordered with brigade forward to support General Gregg's division, which was already engaging the enemy near Haw's Shop. Brigade being dismounted and formed in line of battle on the left side of and perpendicular to the road, this regiment forming on the left of the line, the command moved forward and became immediately hotly engaged. The ground over which the regiment passed was covered with pine shrubs, affording no protection from the fire of the enemy, who was posted in heavy timber and on high ground directly in our

