
front. Charging these woods, the enemy, after an obstinate resistance, fighting our men hand-to-hand, was driven from them with great loss. Here it was ascertained that the enemy's line had been broken, and a portion of the regiment moving forward so as to gain a position in the enemy's broken line, covering a field through which he was falling back, a deadly fire was poured in upon him, killing and wounding a large number. The line reformed, upon forward, taking up a position on a ridge, which it held. In this engagement Captain Oliphant, Company B, was mortally, and Lieutenant C. Y. Osburn, acting adjutant, Lieutenant Brewer, Company G, and Lieutenant Mothersill, Company A, were severely wounded; Captain Dodge, Company C, slightly. Moved back to New Castle Ferry in the evening. 30th, moved to Old Church Tavern, where brigade met and

defeated Young's cavalry. 31st, moved to Cold Harbor, where the enemy was found posted behind works, which the regiment participated in charging and capturing, together with quite a number of prisoners and a large number of arms. Enemy's loss heavy. Occupied works until morning, June 1, when we were relieved by infantry.

June 1, moved to Prospect Church. 2nd, marched to Bottom's Bridge. 4th, marched to Haw's Shop. 5th, marched to New Castle Ferry, on Pamunkey River. 7th, regiment numbered about 300 men for duty; crossed Pamunkey at 8 a. m.; First and Second Divisions, commanded by Major-General Sheridan, marching in the direction of Gordonsville. 10th, command arrived uninterrupted at a place about 8 miles north From Louisa Court-house; brigade moving to a point about 3 miles from Louisa Court-House and about the same distance from Trevilian Station, and encamped. 11th, regiment moved in advance of brigade at 8 a. m., by an unfrequented road, toward Trevilian Station, the Third Battalion, commanded by Captain Hastings, as advance guard. The enemy's skirmishers were soon engaged, and so rapidly were they driven back upon his reserves, which were upon the Gordonsville and Louisa Court-House road, about 1 mile from Trevilian toward Louisa Court-House, that before he could form to meet us I received an order from General Custer, who, with staff, was riding in rear of advance guard, to charge. The regiment was immediately closed up, and, charging down the Gordonsville road, the enemy was found in force. After a desperate resistance for a moment he was routed, and the fight became a running one, kept up for a distance of 4 miles. In this charge about 800 prisoners, 1,500 horses, 1 stand of colors, 6 caissons, 40 ambulances, and 50 army wagons, were captured, and men left guarding them. Many prisoners broke their arms upon surrendering. In this charge I was accompanied by Captain Brewster, commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Stranahan, aide-de-camp, of General Custer's staff, the latter of whom was sent back with information for the general as soon as the enemy was routed. After charging about 3 miles Captain Brewster was sent back to ask for support, and soon returned to me, reporting the enemy in heavy force between us and the brigade; also, that they were attacking my men who had been left guarding prisoners and horses. Moving back rapidly, I came upon the enemy in large force, who had come in upon my right, attacked and captured many of my men, and were engaging the brigade in front. I also discovered from the firing that the brigade was attacked in the rear and its left. Having but 40 men, with Captains Magoffin,

