
Judson, Hastings, and Rolls, and Lieutenant Safford, acting adjutant, and Lieutenant Lonsbury, I moved to my then right, and entered a narrow strip of woods. Here the enemy were moving on each side of and very near us. A rebel officer seeing us, rode into the woods and asked, "What command do you belong to?" Captain Judson answered, "Hampton's." "All right," was the reply, and he joined his column. We were, however, soon discovered and attacked, when we moved off in the direction of Louisa Court-House, where we encountered a column of the enemy, which we charged through, leaving 28 men in the woods cut off from us. Passing near the Court-House, we came into our lines near the place where we encamped the night before, traveling a distance of over 20 miles. In this engagement Lieutenant Pendleton, regimental commissary, was taken prisoner. Before the engagement Lieutenant Allen, Company E, had been sent to guard a road intersecting the line of march; also Captain Dodge, Company C, both joining the brigade; also Captain Drake and Lieutenant Stevenson, who were cut off from the command charging down a road leading to the right of the main one. both escaped with portions of their commands and reported to the general commanding. In this engagement my loss was very heavy in prisoners captured while guarding prisoners, together with the greater portions of the captures made by the regiment. 12th, brigade moved down the Gordonsville road; found enemy in heavy force stationed behind works. A portion of the regiment was engaged, during which time Captains Hastings and Dodge were severely wounded and Lieutenant Haire slightly. 13th, moved back toward White House. 20th, arrived at White House, coming via Spotsylvania Court-House and King and Queen Court-House. 22nd, marched toward James River. 24th, regiment marched to Westover Church; on picket. 25th, marched to Wilcox's Point, on James River. 28th, crossed river and encamped near Wind Mill Point. 29th, marched to Prince George Court-House. 30th, marched to Jerusalem plank road, running south from Petersburg. July 3, arrived at our present camp near Light-House Point on James River.

the 28 men cut off from my column near Louisa Court-House abandoned their horses, and after remaining in the woods two days, started on foot, via Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan, for Alexandria, where they arrived after a week's hard marching. The whole distance was made in the night, they secreting themselves in the woods during the day, subsisting upon a very small about of corn meal, obtained from negroes. Their names are not among the missing in the list affixed, but reported separately.

I regret very much to report the death of Captain Oliphant, wounded at Haw's Shop, May 28. Always ready to do his duty, fearless of self in danger, generous and kind to all, he had won the highest esteem from all who knew him. I commend to your favorable notice those officers in the list of wounded and missing, but no less those who have been spared to remain with the regiment for duty, or the list of the brave men given in the report of killed, wounded, and missing. I also have the pleasure to bring to your favorable notice the efficient services of Captain Magoffin, who commanded the regiment during my absence on account of illness, from May 22 to June 1. I forward herewith a list of casualties in the regiment for the time given. Loss of regiment for time included in report: Officers wounded: Mortally, 1; severely, 5; slightly, 2; missing, 1.

