
Enlisted men: Killed, 12; wounded, 52; missing, 135. Making a total loss of regiment, including report heretofore made, from May 4 to July 1: Commissioned officers: Died of wounds, 1; wounded, severely, 8; slightly, 6; missing,1. Enlisted men: Killed and died of wounds, 29; wounded, not including those who have died, 72; missing, 239.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. W. BARNHART,

A. A. A. G. First Brigadier, First Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 196. Report of Major Alexander Walker, Seventh Michigan Cavalry, including operations May 27-July 1.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,July 4, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following casualties and operations of Seventh Michigan Cavalry, from 26th of May to date:

May 27, crossed at Hanovertown, Seventh in advance. Charged First Maryland Cavalry, killed 4 and wounded 6. Captured 36 of the enemy; no casualties. May 28, fight at Haw's Shop, dismounted. Loss, killed, 4; wounded, 10; missing, 2. May 29, on picket until we removed to near New Castle Ferry. May 30, moved to near Old Church; fight; 2 wounded. May 31 to June 1, height at Cold Harbor; loss, 2 killed. June 2 to 10, inclusive, were with brigade. June 11, regiment on picket; at daylight picket-line attacked by brigade of rebels; skirmished with them for an hour; re-enforced by First Michigan; soon got orders to follow brigade. At Trevilian Station regiment sent down road to left of rebels, to charge same time as First Michigan. At a given signal halted and formed in line under heavy fire of artillery. Three regiments of rebel cavalry charged us; gave way, and fell back to woods in rear, where we formed one squadron as skirmishers; skirmishing on this line at times quite brisk. Enemy having driven cannoneers away from gun of Battery M, Seventh moved with about 60 men to their aid; retook the gun. A short time after the remainder of regiment charged with the general a force of the enemy driving off one of our wagons, running them over a mile without success, and seeing little chance for it returned to the command. On picket rest of day. Loss, 2 killed, 1 officer and 12 men wounded, and 45 missing.

June 12, fight with brigade on railroad, about 3 miles above Trevilian. Loss, 1 killed, 12 wounded, and 3 missing. 13th to 18th, move with brigade. 18th, Seventh and First, under Colonel Stagg, proceeded to West Point to open communications. 19th, returned to command at Dunkirk Ferry. 19th to July 1, move with brigade; nothing occurring of importance.

Recapitulation: Killed, 9; wounded, 36 men and 1 officer; missing, 50.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ALEX. WALKER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant L. W. BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

