
Numbers 197. Report of Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, including operations May 4-July 2.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade, from May 4 to 26, inclusive:

On the afternoon of May 4 the brigade marched from Culpeper, and encamped near Sheppard's Grove, on the road to Richards' Ford. May 5, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and advanced to Chancellorsville. On the morning of May 6 I was ordered to advance with the brigade and Heaton's battery to the Brock road and take up a position on the right of General Custer, and to endeavor to communicate with and watch the left of our infantry line. If I found General Custer engaged I was ordered to support him. On reaching the position, I found General Custer briskly engaged with the enemy, who had also opened a heavy fire upon him from a battery of three guns posted in a field in his front. I formed the brigade in support, and ordered Lieutenant Heaton to place his battery in position behind the crest of the hill in rear of Custer's line, and then to run up his guns by hand to the crest, which was covered with dwarf pine. by this means the guns were trained and ready to open before the enemy were aware of their presence. The guns were at once opened, and in a few minutes the rebel battery was driven from the ground, with a loss of captain, lieutenant, several men, and 8 horses killed. The enemy made no further demonstration at this point during the day. I succeeded in connecting Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry with left of Second Corps, and Sixth New York Cavalry with right of General Gregg, near Tood's Tavern. About 5 p. m. I was ordered to retire to the Furnaces, where the brigade encamped. On the morning of May 7 I was ordered to march to the point occupied the day previous, General Custer following. We met the enemy on the road, drove in his advance, and succeeded in establishing the line on the right; but, as General Gregg had not yet come up on the left, the enemy obstinately held the road to Todd's Tavern. A brisk skirmish ensued on that road, part of Sixth New York Cavalry charging down the road, but were repulsed with some loss, the enemy being dismounted and behind barricades. The advance of General Gregg on the left soon after compelled the enemy to retire, and I was ordered to advance to Todd's Tavern, where the brigade was massed. Brigadier-General Merritt having assumed command of the division about 4 p. m., I was ordered to support the Reserve Brigade, then engaged with the enemy on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House. On reaching the front I was informed by Colonel Gibbs that his ammunition was exhausted, and upon his request I successively dismounted Sixth and Ninth New York Cavalry and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and relieved all of the Reserve Brigade that my front would cover. The men went in with a will and drove the enemy through the woods until dark, when I fell back slightly and took up a position at the cross-roads, holding well on the flanks. The brigade having advanced so far that no connection could be made with our troops on the right, I was ordered to fall back to the edge of the woods and encamp.

53 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

