
On the morning of May 8 I was ordered to march in rear of the Reserve Brigade, on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House. The enemy were met near the point to which we had driven them the night previous, and a sharp fight ensued. I was ordered to support, and dismounting Ninth New York Cavalry and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, sent them in on the right and left of the Reserve Brigade. The enemy was driven back to a strong position, barricaded along his whole front, which he succeeded in holding until the cavalry was relieved by the Fifth Corps, when the brigade was ordered to retire. The casualties in the brigade during the two days' fighting around Todd's Tavern summed up as follows: Killed, 7 men; wounded, 3 officers, 43 men; missing, 4 men; total, 3 officers, 54 men.

The brigade was then ordered to proceed to Silver's, on the plank road, near which point in encamped.

THE RAID.

On the morning of May 9 the division, under the command of Brigadier-General Merritt, left camp at daybreak. I was ordered to follow in rear of Custer's brigade, and after crossing the Ny, Po, and Mat Rivers, reached Chilesburg, where the division halted to feed. The march was resumed, and, fording the North Anna, the brigade reached a point near Beaver Dam Station, on Virginia Central Railroad, after dark. At this point the Sixth New York Cavalry and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were detached to destroy the railroad at the station, after which the brigade encamped.

May 10, the brigade marched in rear of the division to Negro Foot, where a halt was made. After feeding animals the march was resumed, the brigade crossing Ground Squirrel Bridge, on the South Anna, after dark. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was left on the north side to hold the bridge. The Ninth New York Cavalry and Sixth New York Cavalry encamped on south side.

May 11, the brigade, having first burned the bridge, marched in rear of the Reserve Brigade, and reached Allen's Station, on Fredericksburg Railroad, at 11 a. m. Parties were immediately detached to destroy the railroad as far as Hungary Station. The enemy showing himself in strong force on left and front, I was ordered to advance to the front and drive him from the Brook turnpike. I moved to Yellow Tavern, where I found part of the Reserve Brigade. Advancing the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry through the woods on the right, I swung around on the turnpike, driving the enemy from and seizing the cross-roads leading to Ashland and Hanover Court-House, the point being 6 miles from Richmond. I was then ordered to make a reconnaissance toward Richmond, at least as far as Brook Bridge. The Sixth New York Cavalry was ordered to advance, and the two leading squadrons to charge on the rebel cavalry about 500 yards in front. The enemy fled, closely pursued by the Sixth for over 2 miles, across the bridge, and into the outer works of Richmond. Our men were here checked until three squadrons dismounted and drove the rebels from the works, the mounted men charging them beyond Brook Church, and nearly to the inner works. The bells could be heard ringing, locomotives whistling, and general alarm and bustling seemed to prevail in Richmond. I reported the facts to the general commanding division, and was ordered to hold my advanced position as well as the cross-roads, 3 miles in rear. I had but two regiments (Ninth New York

