
Cavalry having been sent to the left to support Reserve Brigade), and one section Williston's battery. I detached two squadrons of Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to a cross-road between Brook Bridge and my position to cover the rear of Sixth New York Cavalry, and with the other four squadrons and section of battery held the Ashland fork, opening upon the enemy's flank, while General Custer charged him in front. The Ninth New York Cavalry, which had been sent to my left, had successfully charged and routed Fifth Virginia Cavalry from a strong position, killing their colonel (Pate) and killing and wounding a large number of their officers and men, and capturing 8 commissioned officers and 84 men, for whom they have receipts, although the regiment claims to have captured 115 men and 10 officers. At dark I was ordered to send a reconnaissance to the Mechanicsville turnpike. I ordered Major Hall, of Sixth New York Cavalry, on this duty with two squadrons. The reconnaissance was successfully made as far as Meadow Bridges, capturing an orderly with dispatches from General Bragg. At midnight, I was ordered to march in advance of the division and in rear of General Wilson. Passed through the outer works of Richmond, and about daybreak reached the vicinity of Meadow Bridges. Found General Wilson engaging the enemy on the right. I was here ordered to send my pioneers to repair the Meadow Bridges, which the enemy were endeavoring to destroy. Lieutenant Cating, with 8 pioneers, drove the party from the bridges and commenced work, but it was soon found that it would require a large force to repair and also to keep off the enemy. working detachments were sent down, and two regiments of First Brigade, armed with spencer rifles, were sent in to keep the enemy in check. After some hours' labor the bridges were repaired, under the direction of General Custer, and I was ordered to follow the First Brigade across the bridge. The enemy having erected strong works on the left of the railroad, covering the bridges and road, and obstinately refusing to leave them, I was ordered to support General Custer with two regiments. I dismounted and advanced the Ninth New York Cavalry and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry on the left of the railroad. Those two gallant regiments, after coolly deploying in the open field under the enemy's fire, charged full upon his rifle-pits, utterly routing him and capturing a number of prisoners in the works, besides 30 of the enemy's wounded found in and around the works, who could not be taken off. The movement cost me some gallant officers and men. Lieutenant Shultz, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was killed, and Major Corrigan, Ninth New York Cavalry, lost a leg, and has since died of his wounds. The enemy was pursued for a mile, but having no mounted men over the bridge, we were unable to reach him. After the brigade was mounted and formed I was ordered to march with the division to Gaines' Mill.

May 13, marched with the division from Gaines' Mill to a point near Bottom's Bridge, and encamped.

May 14, crossed the Chickahominy at Bottom' Bridge, and marched to Malvern Hill.

May 17, I received orders to advance with my own and Reserve brigade to the cross-roads at New Market, and threaten the enemy in that direction. I placed the Reserve Brigade in position near New Market, and with the Second Brigade advanced to Camp Holly. From that point I ordered one regiment to proceed on the Varina road in the direction of Chaffin's Bluff. The regiment (Ninth New

