
York Cavalry) returned at night, having met a party of Forty-second Battalion Virginia Cavalry, who they routed, capturing 1 commissioned officer. I returned to camp at Malvern Hill, and the same night marched to Long Bridge.

May 18, crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, and marched to Baltimore Store, and encamped.

May 21, marched to White House and encamped.

May 22, crossed the Pamunkey at night and encamped.

May 23, marched by King William Court-House, to the Mattapony, opposite Dunkirk, at which point I was ordered to bridge the river, if possible. This I effected by means of scows or ferry-boats, lashed together, anchored, and covered with lumber, procured by tearing down the store-houses at the ferry. The bridge was amply sufficient to cross the corps. The Sixth New York Cavalry were sent across mounted, and held the roads in front.

May 24, the brigade marched, with the division, by Mangohick Church to Reedy Swamp, where it encamped. Horses and men suffered terrible with heat and dust. I had the horses led for 5 miles, and lost but few.

May 25, marched in rear of the division, by Chesterfield Station, to Pole Cat Creek, where it encamped near the train.

Although diminished in numbers by the absence of one regiment (Fourth New York Cavalry) an battery, the brigade sustained its well-earned reputation throughout this short and sharp campaign. The regimental commandants, Colonel Sackett, Ninth New York Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; and Lieutenant-Colonel Crocker, Sixth New York Cavalry, were conspicuous at all times for their gallantry and enterprise, and were well supported by their officers and men. To the brigade staff, Surgeon Clarke, Captains Mahnken, Wright, and White, and Lieutenants Cating and Parker, acting aides, I am indebted for valuable service. The lists of casualties have already been forwarded.

Trusting this report may be found satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since May 26, 1864:

The brigade left camp near Pole Cat Creek in advance of the division on the morning of May 26 and marched to Mangohick Church, where the division halted for some hours. At 10 p. m. I marched in rear of the division, and one hour before daybreak reached the Pamunkey opposite Hanovertown. On the morning of May 27 crossed the pontoon bridge in rear of the division, and went into position on the hill to the right and front of Hanovertown. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania was ordered to the right to support a regiment of the First Brigade, then advancing upon and skirmishing with the enemy. One section of Heaton's battery was also placed

