
in position upon the right, the other section covering the approaches from Hanover Court-House. One squadron Ninth New York was ordered to the extreme right to cover the flank of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania. The enemy showing a disposition to retire, the Seventeenth Pennsylvania was ordered to swing around to its left flank through the woods and advance toward the road leading to Hanover Court-House. Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson successfully accomplished the movement as directed, capturing 2 rebel officers and 18 privates. At this point the line was connected with the right of the First Brigade. The enemy having withdrawn into the woods covering the bridge over Crump's Creek, I ordered part of the squadron of Ninth New York to charge down the road and develop his position. The charge was gallantly led by Captain Wright, brigade inspector. The rebel pickets were met at the bridge, driven across the creek and over the opposite hill, where nearly a brigade of South Carolina cavalry was discovered in the road, attempting to get into position. Without hesitation the little band charged them and at one time had double their own number prisoners. The bridge having been partly destroyed and the party on retiring being hotly pursued, they succeeded in bringing off but 3 commissioned officers and 18 privates, prisoners. Ascertaining that the ground beyond was open, I ordered the Seventeenth Pennsylvania to mount and prepare to press the enemy, but as the regiment was about to advance I was ordered to hold the bridge and line of the creek. The Ninth New York was placed in position on the line indicated and the Seventeenth Pennsylvania and Sixth New York in line in the field to the right of the road, with Heaton's battery in position. The brigade soon after went into camp. The day's operations summed up a loss on the part of the brigade, 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 1 missing; total 4. Five commissioned officers and 36 privates in all were captured by the brigade.

On the morning of May 28, the enemy having retired from the vicinity of the creek, Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, Seventeenth Pennsylvania, was ordered to advance and feel his position on the hill 1 1/2 miles in front. After skirmishing an hour the enemy was found strongly posted on the hill and wooded declivity in its front. As it was not intended to force an engagement, Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson was ordered to retire, and a division of the Sixth Corps having relieved the brigade, I was ordered to march to Haw's Shop. Arriving at this point, the brigade was massed in brigade line of regiments in squadron column, in rear of the Second Division, then engaged with the enemy. At dark I was ordered to march to Hanovertown, where the brigade encamped for the night.

May 29, the brigade crossed Totopotomoy Creek and advanced to a position on the Old Church road, connecting with Second Division.

May 30, I advanced to a position on right and rear of Lipscomb's Tavern, where the brigade encamped. I was here ordered to communicate with General Warren's left (who was advancing toward Shady Grove Church) and to picket and hold Cold Harbor road. After a personal reconnaissance on the latter road, I posted the reserve on the strong position at Matadequin Run, with pickets advanced to the road forks three-fourths of a mile in front. My orders were, if attacked, the reserve should hold the run un any event until support arrived.

