
FIGHT AT MATADEQUIN CREEK.

About one hour after being posted the advanced pickets were attacked by a battalion of cavalry and driven across the creek, at which point the enemy were checked. I immediately ordered Major Durland with the other two squadrons (three squadrons being detached on the Mechanicsville road) to support his pickets and re-establish them. This was effected in a short time, the enemy retiring upon being charged and the pickets were again advanced. About one hour after the first attack it was again renewed in force. Ordering the Sixth and Ninth New York to saddle up and follow, I proceeded to the front and found the three squadrons of the Seventeenth briskly engaged with the enemy, who was endeavoring to force a passage across the creek. I immediately dismounted and deployed the Sixth New York on the right of the Seventeenth and the Ninth New York on the left. There was but little time for reconnoitering the ground, which on both flanks was heavily wooded, as the enemy was pressing both flanks of the Seventeenth, but I judged it to average the same as that in my front, and believing that the enemy's force was not superior to my own, I intended as soon as his front was fully developed to turn his left with the Sixth New York and endeavor to secure some prisoners and horses. At this time the general commanding division came upon the ground and assumed command. The enemy began to show a much heavier force, and successively the Reserve Brigade and part of the First Brigade were sent in and became warmly engaged. The ammunition of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania having become exhausted, they were temporarily relieved, the Second Regulars taking up their position. The Sixth New York forced a passage across the ravine and creek, and pressed the enemy's left successfully. The Ninth New York, on the left, after crossing two very deep ravines, found themselves on the north bank of the creek with an abrupt descent and ascent of nearly 40 feet on each bank and the enemy strongly barricaded on the edge of the woods facing the south bank, with a clearing of 15 rods in his front. After losing some valuable men, Colonel Sackett was forced to abandon the attempt to cross in the face of the enemy until the gallant charge of two regiments of First Brigade in the center relieved him by flanking the left of the rebel position, when he immediately crossed the creek and pressed the enemy sharply, capturing a number of prisoners. At this time a general advance being ordered and the enemy in full retreat, I advanced to the forks, and thence to the intersection of Bottom's Bridge road with that to White House, at which point the brigade encamped for the night. The day's operations summed up in loss to the brigade of 1 commissioned officer killed and 3 wounded; 4 enlisted men killed, 21 wounded, and 2 missing; total, 31.

FIGHT AT COLD HARBOR.

On the afternoon of May 31 I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,May 31, 1864.

Colonel DEVIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: There will be an advance of the division on Cold Harbor this p.m. You will be in the saddle and start promptly at 4 p.m. on the road where your scouts went this morning. From all information I can gain, you can go within 1 1/2

