
to halt and await orders. At 3 a.m. I was ordered to return and reoccupy my position at Cold Harbor. This I effected at daylight, and again connected with General Custer. During the attack on the position which followed my command was not engaged, excepting the advances skirmishers. About noon the brigade was relieved, and marched in rear of the division to Prospect Church, where it encamped for the night.

June 2, the Seventeenth was ordered to proceed in the direction of Cold Harbor and endeavor to find some road leading to the left of our position of the day previous, and to communicate with the left of our infantry line. Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, commanding Seventeenth Pennsylvania, found it impossible to reach the left, except by the direct approach to Cold Harbor, and after making a detour of some miles found himself at Sumner's Bridge, where General Gregg was engaging the enemy. Part of the Sixth New York, under Major Hall, was sent in toward Dispatch Station, where they met two squadrons of rebel cavalry, which they drove toward Bottom's [Bridge]. About noon the brigade advanced to the bridge, the advance guard, under Captain Aitkens, driving a strong party of the enemy's cavalry across the bridge. The Sixth New York was ordered to the vicinity of the bridge when the enemy unmasked a gun upon the south bank and opened upon the led horses of Sixth New York with solid shot, killing 4 horses and taking off the leg of 1 private of Sixth New York. The brigade went into camp on the left of the bridge, which the Sixth continued to hold, although much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters. Lieutenant Cortely on was severely wounded while relieving his skirmishers.

June 4, the brigade marched to Old Church, at which point Heaton's battery and the Fourth New York Cavalry, with some remounted men of other regiment, joined the brigade.

June 5, the brigade marched to Studley's, near Haw's Shop, and encamped for the night.

June 6, the command marched by Hanovertown to New Castle Ferry and went into camp.

June 7, the brigade crossed the Pamunkey at New Castle Ferry on pontoons, and marched in rear of the division to a point 2 miles north of Aylett's, where it encamped for the night.

June 8, marched by Pole Cat Station to a point near Athens, where the brigade encamped.

June 9, marched by Chilesburg to the vicinity of New Market, where the brigade encamped.

June 10, marched to Good Hope Church, at which point the Seventeenth Pennsylvania was ordered to proceed to a point on the right flank where a rebel hospital was said to be located. Marched from Good Hope Church to Woolfolk's farm, 5 miles from Trevilian Station, where the brigade encamped.

June 11, the pickets of the brigade were attacked at daylight, but the enemy (a small party) were driven off. Shortly after the Reserve Brigade advanced toward Trevilian and my command was ordered to follow. The Reserve Brigade soon became heavily engaged, and I was ordered to send one regiment in support. The Ninth New York was deployed and advanced on the right of the main road, connecting on its right with the First New York Dragoons, and on the left with a small detachment of Second Regulars (30 men). I was now ordered to send in the Fourth New York on the left of General Merritt's line. The regiment was deployed,

