
connecting on the right with First Regulars and on the left with Colonel Gregg's brigade. The First Regulars being soon after withdrawn from the left, the Fourth New York was ordered to move to the right and connect with the road. Heaton's battery having been sent to the extreme left, three squadrons of the Sixth New York were ordered to support it. One squadron of the Sixth had been sent to communicate with General Custer, and one squadron in rear of the division trains.

FIGHT OF 11TH, NEAR TREVILIAN.

The two regiments of my brigade, Fourth and Ninth New York, being now formed on each side of the road, I assumed command at that point and advanced with the line. General Torbert, commanding division, came up immediately after and advanced with the skirmishers. On emerging from the woods the enemy were found occupying with their center a house and orchard, on a ridge three-quarters of a mile in front of Trevilian. I ordered the advance to be sounded, and the Ninth New York to charge and occupy the house and orchard. This they accomplished with a cheer, taking a number of prisoners. General Torbert immediately ordered the line to be formed on the crest until the alignment could be rectified, the enemy still maintaining a heavy fire. In charging the orchard the Ninth New York had diverged to the right, and the Fourth New York continuing to keep the left of the road, a regiment of Gregg's brigade had crossed the rear of the Fourth New York and came out of the right. I immediately formed the regiment on the crest, on the left of Ninth New York. An advance was again ordered, and sending for Heaton's battery and the Sixth New York, I directed Lieutenant Parker, of my staff, to re-establish the connection between Fourth and Ninth New York, and to press on to the station, which was successfully accomplished, the station occupied, and a number of prisoners captured from Fifth South Carolina, together with a hospital wagon, loaded with stores, and one battle-flag. I was then ordered to bring the battery and Sixth New York. General Merritt having now advanced his line upon the right, I placed Heaton's battery in position in rear of his right, the approach to my position on the left being difficult and the position of the battery on the right being an excellent one. Soon after the enemy pressed and attempted to drive in the skirmishers of the Reserve Brigade, when I ordered the battery to open, and the rebels were soon driven to the woods. At a later hour they advanced in heavier force on the same point, but again the well-directed fire of the battery drove the enemy to shelter, and he desisted from further effort. General Torbert then ordered the battery to take up a position 150 yards in advance of the previous one. The line at the same time advanced . About 6 p.m. the Fourth New York and First New York Dragoons were ordered to advance and feel the position in front. I advanced with the Fourth New York, and ascertained that the enemy had retired beyond the fork of Gordonsville and Charlottesville roads. I was ordered by General Torbert to hold the forks, which I did with the Sixth New York, the other regiments remaining in position at the station, and connecting on the left with General Custer's and on the right with General Merritt's brigades. The Seventeenth had come in during the day after a hard march of 20 miles on the right, Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson having paroled some 63 men and 1

