
officer, and brought in 35 men and 1 officer prisoners. The Fourth and Ninth New York captured during the engagement 10 officers and 101 men; turned over besides a number of wounded left in the hands of the surgeons. On losses were severe. Colonel Sackett, Ninth New York, was mortally wounded while gallantly leading his regiment into action, and several other officers and many brave men fell before the station was carried. During the afternoon details were made from the Fourth and Ninth New York, and the railroad at the station was thoroughly torn up.

FIGHT OF THE 12TH BEYOND TREVILIAN.

The next morning. June 12, the work of destroying the railroad station, water-tank, &amp;c., was renewed and continued until after noon. The brigade was then ordered to advance and mass in rear of Custer's brigade, which was moving upon the enemy's position beyond the road forks. I was at the same time ordered to hold the road to Mumford's, across South Anna. The enemy shortly after made a demonstration on that road, but the Ninth New York being sent out in support of the pickets, their rebels were checked and driven back. I was then ordered to send one regiment dismounted to the right of the railroad, and two mounted regiments to report to General Merritt. I forthwith sent the regiment as ordered, the Seventeenth with Lieutenant Cating, of the brigade staff, and the Fourth and Sixth New York with Lieutenant Goldsmith, of division staff. I remained with the Ninth New York and battery near the position first taken up. As I was not personally engaged in the action which followed, I would respectfully refer to annexed reports* of regimental commanders for details of the position assigned to and part taken by their regiments. At dark, hearing that the command was falling back, I proceeded to the front, and meeting Colonel Cesnola, Fourth New York, who was endeavoring to reform his command. I ordered him to form at the road forks. I sent Lieutenant Cating to retire the Seventeenth, and Captain Wright to bring out the Sixth New York. The former regiment had been obliged to shift position to the right, and it was 10.30 p.m. before the regiment could be found and retired. The loss of the three regiments was severe, amounting to 1 officer killed and 5 wounded; 18 enlisted men killed, 62 wounded, and 15 missing.

At midnight the brigade was ordered to march with the division, and crossing the North Anna and North Fork, went into camp near Twyman's Store on the afternoon of June 13.

June 14, the brigade marched in rear of the division to Shady Grove Church, near which point it encamped.

June 15, marched by Spotsylvania Court-House to Stanard's Marsh and encamped.

June 16, marched by Bowling Green to a point near Mattacocy Bridge and encamped.

June 17, marched to Newtown, Chapel bridge and Clarksville to a point near Walkertown, and encamped.

June 18, marched by Walkertown to King and Queen Court-House, and encamped.

June 19, marched by Walkertown and Clarksville to Dunkirk. Two squadrons of the Sixth New York were ordered to swim their horses over the Mattapony and hold the opposite front until the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

