
pontoon should be laid. Heaton's battery was placed in position on the hill to the left covering the crossing. The remainder of the brigade went into camp.

June 20, crossed the pontoon bridge in the rear of the division, the Fourth New York being ordered to remain at Dunkirk as guard to the bridge and train, marched by King William Court-House and Lanesville to camp near the White House bridge.

June 21, crossed the railroad bridge and massed in the field beyond. I was here ordered to march to Saint Peter's Church.

FIGHT NEAR SAINT PETER'S CHURCH.

With the three regiments of the brigade, and the rifle section of Heaton's battery, I advanced up the hill on the road to Saint Peter's Church. Almost immediately after entering the woods I met the enemy's advance, and, after a brisk skirmish, drove them about a mile, until I came in sight of the church, about 600 yards on my left front. On the direct and right front the road continued through thick woods. At this point the enemy made a determined stand, and I was obliged to dismount the Ninth New York, the ammunition of part of the Seventeenth becoming exhausted. The enemy's front could be "felt" for one-half mile to the right of the road, and could be seen for half a mile to the left of the church. The ground on the left was was open with deep ravines between my position and the church. Heavy columns of dust could be seen passing from extreme left to right. A squadron of Sixth New York was disposed to watch the left flank, when the enemy's dismounted skirmishers advanced down the hill, and opened a hot fire upon them, driving them back. I was obliged to dismount other squadrons of the Sixth, who soon checked and drove back the enemy. The rebel line was evidently just in front of an parallel with the road from Saint's Peter's Church to Tunstall's. A prisoner from Wickham's brigade stated that Lee and Hampton were both in front, and there was evidently a heavy force. At the time I had replenished my ammunition and was about to make a determined effort to drive the enemy from their cross-road in front (having notified the general commanding of my intention), I received orders not to advance until ordered. While awaiting orders Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, of the Seventeenth, notified me that the enemy appeared to be retiring, when I assumed the responsibility of advancing, and occupied the cross-roads and church without opposition. On the right the enemy's rear guard be seen retiring in haste. During the heavy skirmishing in front, the enemy opened one gun from the right of the church, but as it did not annoy me I did not unmask my section, not wishing to use it until about to advance. During this short but severe fight, Major Bentley, Ninth New York, one of our bravest and most efficient officers, was struck in the leg, necessitating amputation. I was ordered to hold the cross-roads and church, which I did with the Ninth New York, the other regiments retiring 2 miles to camp, where I was joined by the Fourth New York, which had brought the pontoon train from Dunkirk.

June 22, I was ordered to march with the brigade to Baltimore Store; thence in advance of the division to Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Arriving at that point a small party of the enemy were found attempting to destroy the bridge over the mill-race. They were driven off and the bridge partially saved. Some men

