
were immediately thrown across and found the same party endeavoring to destroy the bridge across the river. Knowing the importance of preserving whatever means of crossing existed, I had advanced to the bridge, and immediately ordered Major Beardsley, with the other squadrons of the Sixth York, to cross and occupy the roads in front. The brigade followed and encamped in advance of the division, holding the roads leading to Charles City Court-House and Long Bridge.

FIGHT AT JONES' BRIDGE.

On the morning of June 23 Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, with the Ninth New York, was sent on special service to the James River. Soon after the pickets of the Sixth New York on Long Bridge road were attacked by a heavy force of the enemy, who succeeded in flanking their barricades and drove them into within 500 yards of the main road. They were quickly re-enforced by the other squadrons and the enemy were checked until I came up with the Fourth New York and Seventeenth Pennsylvania. In the mean time, Getty, whose column had halted near the road, had offered me a colored regiment until I could get my other regiments up. The colored soldiers behaved well enough at first, but their officers could not be found, and they were soon in hopeless confusion. I relieved them with the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, and sending in the Fourth New York on the right, drove the enemy back to a strong position, which he had barricaded, and from which on my again advancing to assail him, he retired with precipitation. I immediately established my pickets 1 mile in advance of my former position and returned to camp. The attacking force was Chambliss' brigade and two guns. Our loss was 6 men killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 1 man missing, nearly all the killed being from the pickets of Sixth New York, and showing the desperate tenacity with which they endeavored to hold their position.

On the morning of June 24 the brigade marched in rear of the division by Charles City Court-House to James River, arriving after night-all. The brigade had scarcely encamped before "boots and saddles" was sounded and I was ordered to march to the road forks, 1 1/2 miles beyond Charles City Court-House, and support General Getty, who had been ordered to hold that position. On arriving near that point I massed the brigade and battery in the field on his left and rear, and dismounting the Seventeenth Pennsylvania and Fourth New York, relieved General Getty's line on the left of the main road, holding the approach by which the enemy was executed to advance with one 12-pounder gun in position at the road fork. The night passed without alarm except from General Getty's troops, who would fire into each other occasionally. The infantry retired soon after daylight, and an hour afterward I was relieved and marched to Charles City Court-House, thence to camp near Wyanoke Landing.

June 28, the brigade crossed in transports to Wind Mill Point and encamped.

June 29, marched to Prince George Court-House.

June 30, marched to Lee's Mills; thence to Jerusalem plank road; returning and encamping near Lee's Mills.

July 1, marched to plank road, and at night camped at intersection of road to Prince George Court-House.

July 2, marched to James River, and encamped at Light-House Point.

