
During the short but arduous campaign since May 26 the brigade has lost 220 officers and men killed and wounded, a loss comparatively severe when it is recollected that they were all old and tried soldiers. But 49 men are missing, many of whom doubtless have been killed or wounded, while during the same time the brigade has captured from the enemy over 200 men and 20 officers.

Where all have done their whole duty it is impossible to discriminate. The regimental commanders, their officers and the men, have, as always heretofore, been up to the mark whenever they have been placed or whenever duty has been intrusted to them.

The brigade staff, Captains Mahnken, Wright, and White, and my acting aides, Lieutenants Cating and Parker, have rendered me most valuable and often hazardous service. Dr. Clarke, surgeon-in-chief, has been indefatigable in the performance of his duties, and the wounded owe much to his timely care and prescience. Lieutenant Wheeler, acting assistant quartermaster of the brigade, has as usual rendered valuable service, not only to the command but to the whole division, and I would again urge upon superior authority the claims of this energetic and efficient officer.

Trusting this report may be found satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Cavalry Corps.

N. B.-I should have stated that it was by General Torbert's order that Lieutenant Cating was sent to bring out the Seventeenth Pennsylvania on the night of June 12.

Numbers 198. Report of Colonel Alfred Gibbs, Nineteenth New York Cavalry (First Dragoons), commanding Reserve Brigade, of operations May 5-26.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK DRAGOONS,Camp near Light-House Point, Va., July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters, yesterday received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Cavalry Reserve Brigade, when I was in command of it, from the 5th to the 26th of May last, inclusive:

In making this report, I desire to state that it must necessarily be incomplete, since all my notes, memoranda, and reports were lost, together with my diary and journal, on the 12th of June at the affair of Trevilian Station.

The Cavalry Reserve Brigade, consisting of the First U. S. Cavalry, Captain N. B. Sweitzer commanding; Second U. S. Cavalry, Captain T. F. Rodenbough commanding; Fifth U. S. Cavalry, Captain A. K. Arnold commanding; Sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers Cavalry, Major James Starr, commanding; First New York Volunteers Dragoons, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas J. Thorp commanding, and Battery

