
D. Second U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant E. B. Williston commanding, left camp near Chancellorsville on the 7th of May and proceeded to Todd's Tavern, on the Spotsylvania Court-House road. At about 3 p.m. on that day the Sixth Pennsylvania was sent out to reconnoiter the Spotsylvania Court-House road, and encountered the enemy at the distance of less than a mile, advancing toward the tavern. The regiment was at once dismounted and deployed as skirmishers to the left of the road. Finding the enemy to be in force, consisting of, it is believed, Fitzhugh Lee' division of cavalry the First U. S. Cavalry and First New York Dragoons were deployed as skirmishers, on foot, to the left of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry. The Fifth U. S. Cavalry was deployed similarly on the right of the road. The Second U. S. Cavalry was held mounted in the extreme left, while Williston's battery came into position on a high ridge in rear, where they did excellent service, silencing the enemy's battery and killing and wounding several of their men and horses. After a sharp engagement, lasting until dark, the enemy were driven off, leaving many of their dead and wounded upon the field. In this severely contested action our loss in both officers and men was heavy. Ten officers were wounded, and 4 taken prisoners, besides 141 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.

The brigade camped at night on the battle-field, and the next morning at daylight moved forward on the Spotsylvania Court-House road, removing the obstructions placed across it by the enemy. About 7 o'clock the advance guard again encountered the enemy, strongly post din thick woods, and supported by infantry. The First New York Dragoons and Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted) were deployed as skirmishers, with the First, Second, and Fifth U. S. Cavalry on the left of the road. Owing to the dense growth of forest, the battery could not be brought into action and remained in reserve. After a very sharp action against vastly superior forces, the enemy were driven out of the woods and from their entrenchments beyond. the position was held until relieved by the Fifth Corps, under Major-General Warren. The loss this day was 1 officer killed (Captain J. P. Ash, Fifth U. S. Cavalry), 2 wounded, and 19 enlisted men killed and wounded.

On the 9th the brigade marched to within a mile of Beaver Dam Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, where it remained during the night. Next morning the rear of the brigade was attacked by Wickham's brigade of cavalry with some artillery, but held the position until the command was on the march.

During the night of the 9th a squadron of the First New York Dragoons, and afterward the Fifth U. S. Cavalry, were to guard an crossing called Davenport Bridge, where the enemy were busy reconstruction the bridge, and early next morning, after being relieved and on their way to rejoin the column, they were attacked in a defile by a force of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be wickham's brigade. Our command suffered severely, losing 2 officers and about 50 men. The command safely crossed the South Anna at Ground Squirrel Bridge, which they burned behind them, and the brigade camped for the night not far from the bridge.

The next morning about sunrise the brigade was attacked while about to leave camp by the enemy's cavalry, but held the position until the command had moved out in column on the road. The same day crossed the railroad at Glen Allen Station; tore up parts of it,

