
burned cross-ties, and destroyed the telegraph wires and some culverts, and advanced upon the road till near the cross-roads called Yellow Tavern, where the enemy was found in force with a battery of artillery in a piece of woods about a quarter of a mile advance. The command was thrown in at once dismounted, and after a sharply contested action, which lasted until night, drove the enemy back (while the battery was captured by the command of General Custer) and held the Brook and Richmond roads. During the afternoon Willinston's battery, one section of which was posted at the cross-roads, and the other enfilading the Richmond road at its junction with the Brook road, made some most excellent practice, dismounting one of the enemy's pieces, and destroying one of their caissons. The enemy was badly punished and driven off. Our loss that day was but small. the brigade camped on the field, and started at 1 a. m. next day on the Richmond road, crossed the Chickahominy at Wilkinson's Bridge, passed within the outer line of the enemy's entrenchments within 2 miles of Richmond, rebuilt the bridge across the river at Meadow's, charged across it over the causeway, drove out the enemy, and occupied Mechanicsville. After a short halt proceeded on the road toward White House, where the enemy was again encountered in a thick skirt of woods, from which they were driven into their line of entrenchments in the rear, containing four pieces, from which they were also driven. The brigade was withdrawn about sunset and camped for the night near Gaines' Mill.

On the 13th marched to Dispatch Station; thence, on the 14th, to Malvern Hill without seeing anything of the enemy. The brigade remained at Malvern Hill until the afternoon of the 17th, and procured rations and forage from Haxall's Landing. On the 16th the brigade made a reconnaissance toward New Castle, returning the same evening without finding the enemy. On the 17th moved across the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge and camped at Baltimore Cross-Roads.

Remained in camp there until the 21st, when the brigade moved to and camped at White House. On the 23rd moved across the Pamunkey on the railroad bridge, which had previously been repaired, an camped on the road to King William Court-House and camped beyond Aylett's upon Herring Creek. Next day crossed the railroad at Chesterfield Station an camped near Milford Station, where the supply train from Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville reached us. From this point the Fifth U. S. Cavalry was detached as a guard to the supply train en route to Port Royal. At this point I was relieved from the command of the brigade by Brigadier General W. Merritt, and resumed the command of the regiment.

In returning thanks to the officers and men of the command who so gallantly seconded me on every occasion, my thanks are also due to the various members of my staff, who under the many difficulties, hardships, and dangers of the expedition were always prompt, diligent, and attentive in the discharge of their various duties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel First New York Dragoons.

Captain W. H. H. EMMONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Reserve Brigade.

