
Numbers 199.

Report of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Brigade, of operations May 26-June 25.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,June 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions received this morning I respectfully submit the following as a report of the operations of the Reserve Brigade since the 26th ultimo:

On the 26th we marched from near Chesterfield Station at 12 m., and reaching Hanovertown Ferry at 3 a. m., crossed the Pamunkey on pontoon bridge at that point, marching thence to Haw's Shop on the 28th. At this last place General Gregg's command was engaged by the enemy. My brigade, in accordance with orders, was moved to General Gregg's right flank, but the enemy was scarcely engaged, except with Lieutenant williston's battery, before he retired. The Second U. S. Cavalry moved some 3 miles to the front without meeting serious opposition. On the 30th of May Colonel Devin's brigade, picketing the road near Old Church, became engaged with the enemy, and the Reserve Brigade moved to his support. Here the enemy's cavalry was found strongly posted near Matadequin Creek. The brigade advanced elegantly, driving the enemy before it out of his stronghold by the creek, over the farther bank toward Cold Harbor, and finally, with the assistance of two regiments of the First Brigade (General custer), degenerated the retreat of the enemy into a rout, which did not end before the enemy reached Cold Harbor. I cannot speak in too high terms of the brigade in this conflict. The men all fought like true soldiers. Especially did the Second Cavalry do good service with its gallant commander, Captain Rodenbough, at its head. Even after its carbine ammunition was expended the regiment fought and drove the enemy with pistols. The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry was also distinguished for its conduct in this battle. It had been held in reserve with a view to acting mounted, but upon advancing for that purpose found the country impracticable, and dismounting dealt the enemy some heavy blows in the right place. Captain Leiper, of this regiment, was wounded while with his usual intrepidity he was leading his regiment into action, and Lieutenant Martin, adjutant of the regiment, was killed. He was a severe loss to the regiment and the service at large, having brought himself by important services on a former occasion to the especial notice and commendation of the division and corps commanders. At night on the 29th the brigade camped about 1 1/2 miles from Cold Harbor. During the night the picket of the First U. S. Cavalry, commanded by Captain McKee, gave a severe fright and some punishment to a portion of the South Carolina brigade of the enemy's cavalry, who came upon them during the night. The picket allowed the enemy to approach very close in a body, when a volley was given them, a number of bloody noses and bruised heads among the captured attesting its effectiveness.

On the 21st of May the brigade moved on Cold Harbor about 4 p. m. The enemy's cavalry was met about a mile from that place, but was steadily driven back without much loss to the command until the immediate vicinity of the cross-roads was reached. Here it was found that in our immediate front across the road and a large field to our right, on the Bethesda Church road, the enemy had thrown up temporary breast-works, consisting of rails, logs, and earth, be-

