
hind which he sought cover. A partial advance on the front, where the enemy's fire was extremely severe, was sufficient to indicate that this position could not be taken from that direction without great loss, if at all. The First and Second U. S. Cavalry were accordingly ordered to make a detour through the woods to our right and turn the enemy's left flank. I accompanied the First Cavalry and was convinced that the work would be well done, and quickly. The gallant Captain McKee, leading his battalion of the First, saw what was wanted and, together with the Second Cavalry, promptly turned the enemy's works, advancing under a galling fire from infantry and cavalry. Nearly 100 infantry prisoners were taken by these two regiments in this movement. In the mean time the First New York Dragoons and sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry were occupying the enemy's attention in front. Here was accomplished a work of which every one connected with the brigade is justly proud-a success by cavalry which has no parallel in this war-a single brigade contending with and taking from an enemy, at least three times its numbers, one-third infantry, a naturally strong position, made doubly strong by artificial means. The successes cost us dear, for besides many valuable men and officers, we lost Captain McKee, of the First, who fell mortally wounded in the midst of victory. His loss to the country and service was incalculable. A pure, unaffected, modest man, a chivalrous, educated, accomplished soldier, he fell at the post of honor doing his duty as but few could, and died a true American soldier with warm words of patriotism and valor on his lips.

The importance of the position at Cold Harbor being great, the enemy made a desperate attempt to retake it on the following morning, June 1. This was anticipated and preparations made for the event. The attack was made on the Bethesda Church road by infantry. Two severe charges were made by them, but each time they were repulsed with considerable loss. The First New York Dragoons and Second Cavalry did great good service in this fight. The Sixth Corps relieved the cavalry and the brigade marched with the division about 11 a. m. On the 7th the brigade marched with the division, crossing the Pamunkey on the second expedition. On the 8th, 9th, and 10th June the march was continued without event.

On the 11th the brigade left camp at 5 a. m., moving toward gordonsville. The Second Cavalry, forming the advance guard, soon encountered the enemy's pickets, hitch were driven in and the main body of the enemy engaged. Captain Rodenbough handled his gallant regiment with great skill and unexampled valor, charging and driving the enemy mounted, and forcing him, as usual, to cover. Captain Rodenbough was here wounded, as also Lieutenant Horrigan, of the Second. Here also Lieutenant Lawless, of the same regiment, was killed. He was a fearless, honest, and eminently trustworthy soldier, "God's truth" being the standard by which he measured all his actions. the entire brigade was soon engaged, the First on the left, and the First New York Dragoons on the extreme right. On the left of this latter was the Sixth Pennsylvania, and next the Second Cavalry, now commanded by Captain D. S. Gordon. The Fifth Cavalry was held as a support to the battery. The enemy was driven through a thick tangled brushwood for over 2 miles to Trevilian Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, but not without serious loss to ourselves, through we inflicted heavy punishment on the adversary in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Among his

54 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

