
It is impossible, in the limits of a report such as this, to mention by name all the officers in the command entitled to especial notice. The regimental commanders without exception are worthy of highest praise. They did all that officers could do, and their men without exception as a body acted as men belonging to this brigade have always done, fearlessly willing to do and die. I can do but poor justice to the command in this report, having no facilities for making it out, but I cannot willingly close it without saying a word with reference to the accomplished chief surgeon of this brigade and his assistants. Always where they could be of the most service, without reference to what a strict construction of their duty would require, they were often exposed to a heavy fire on the skirmish line without regard to which they did their duty, ignoring personal rest or safety. I rejoice to say not a wounded man of this brigade was left uncared for on the field. Dr. Wilson, chief surgeon of the brigade, and the surgeons acting with him, won the highest commendations from both men and officers, who are always so willing - unjustly at times - to condemn what they do not understand. The hospital field arrangements of the brigade are well perfected. The bands, under the management of the surgeons, doing their duty well in carrying off the wounded.

To my staff I owe especial thanks. Continually exposed in battle and on the march, they al did the duties of their station with cheerfulness and zeal. On the march, the severest test of soldierly qualities, they were always willing to do the hardest duties, at times when they were harassed and tired by overwork; on the field, when blood was being freely shed and loved comrades in the lines were falling fast, they shrunk from no office which they were called on to perform. It is no set formula to thank them in this report. I commend them to the notice of my superior commanders as true gentlemen, accomplished officers, fearless, zealous, and trustworthy. I cannot, in concluding, omit to mention and return thanks to Captain O'Keeffe, of the corps staff. He was with me the most of the time during the battle of the 12th at Trevilian Station, and by his unwearying exertions and fearless example did much to add to the success of the brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 200. Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 4 - July 7.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division, Cavalry Corps, since crossing the Rapidan, in the general movement of the Army of the Potomac, on the 4th of May until the present date:

Extending as these operations do over a space of two months, in which time the division accomplished in various directions a march of over 700 miles, and distinctively engaged the enemy ten times, they

