
can only be reported in the most general terms. This division at the time of crossing the Rapidan had an aggregate strength of 4,793 commissioned officers and enlisted men. Crossing the Rapidan on May 4, at Ely's Ford, the division marched in front of the Second Corps to Chancellorsville, and thence to Alrich's, on the Fredericksburg plank road. On the 5th marched to Todd's Tavern. At this point found the Third Division, the rear of which was being pressed by a force of the enemy's cavalry. A [two] regiments (First New Jersey and First Massachusetts Cavalry) of the First Brigade, Brigadier General H. E. Davies, jr., commanding, engaged the pursuing enemy, and, after a sharp skirmish, drove them a distance of 3 miles, and beyond Corbin's Bridge. The loss of the First New Jersey and First Massachusetts Cavalry in this skirmish was a total of 91 killed and wounded. On the 6th, at Todd's Tavern, the division was engaged skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry during the entire day. The whole force of the enemy appeared to be dismounted, and studiously kept under the cover of the dense woods surrounding the tavern. Their long extended lines were everywhere protected by hastily constructed defenses. The 6th closed without any decisive result. On the 7th the First Division of Cavalry, Brigadier-General Merritt commanding, having arrived at Todd's Tavern, the two divisions (First and Second) engaged the enemy. The brigades of the Second Division were disposed as follows: The Second Brigade, Colonel J. I. Gregg commanding, on the extreme right, and covering the road leading to Shady Grove; the First Brigade, Brigadier General H. E. Davies, jr., commanding, on the extreme left. Both of the brigades were hotly engaged, and both defeated the enemy in their front. The regiments engaged were all dismounted and fought on foot. On the 8th, at Todd's Tavern, the Second Brigade was engaged during the day in a skirmish with the enemy on the road leading to Shady Grove. On the evening of the 8th the Second Division moved to Silver's, and camped with the other divisions of the corps.

On the 9th the Cavalry Corps marched to the North Anna, the Second Division being the rear division in the column. At New Market the First Brigade, marching in rear, was attacked by the enemy's cavalry following in pursuit. The attack was spirited, and kept up until night, the regiments in rear. Sixth Ohio and First Pennsylvania Regiments of cavalry, successfully resisted and repelled the repeated attacks.

On the morning of the 10th the division not having crossed the North Anna, was again attacked by the enemy, dismounted, aided by artillery. The enemy was again repulsed, and the crossing easily effected. On the same morning, moving out in the advance, the enemy was met about 2 miles from Beaver Meadow, and dispersed by the leading regiment of the Second Brigade. On the 11th, near Ground Squirrel Church, the division, marching in rear, was attacked by Gordon's brigade of rebel cavalry. The attacks of the enemy were repeated during the entire day, thus forming a part of the general engagement with the enemy at Yellow Tavern. The Second Brigade of this division alone was engaged, and without difficulty, in every attack, was more than able to drive the enemy at all points, inflicting upon him severe loss. On the 12th the Cavalry Corps, having marched down the Brook turnpike to within 3 miles of Richmond, turned to the left, and passed within the outer lines of the fortifications; the advance of the corps directing its march upon the Meadow Bridges found them held by the enemy in force.

