
The attack made by the leading division (the First) upon the enemy at the bridge, detained the Second Division, marching in rear, near the Brook turnpike and in front of the second line of the enemy's defenses. In this position the Second Brigade, on the right, was attacked by a large force of cavalry in the direction of the Brook road. On the left of the Second Brigade and in front of the First Brigade, formed on the left, the enemy attacked with infantry. Not doubting the success of their attack, the enemy moved boldly against our lines despite the well-directed fire of two of our batteries. When, however, they had approached sufficiently near to come under the fire of our carbineers, the contest was of short duration, and terminated in the enemy being routed along the whole line. So complete was their defeat that they offered no further opposition to the passage of the division over the Chickahominy. In this action the aggregate loss of the division was 157 commissioned officers and enlisted men killed and wounded. On the 13th marched to Bottom's Bridge, and on the 14th to Haxall's, on James River. On the 18th marched to Baltimore Cross-Roads; on the 20th to Cold Harbor, and on the 22nd to White House, and on the 25th reached Chesterfield Station. On the 26th marched to Hanover Ferry. On the 27th crossed the Mattapony. On the 28th the division moved out from Hanovertown on the road leading to Hanover Court-House, and, by the direction of the major-general commanding corps, took position at Haw's Shop, about 3 miles from the river. In this position the division engaged the cavalry corps of the enemy. The enemy dismounted, were strongly posted in a dense woods, and, in addition to defensive works, were still further protected in their position by swamps. Having chosen their ground advantageous positions had been selected for batteries. The First Brigade of this division first engaged the enemy, and with such spirited determination as to develop the entire strength of the enemy. This necessitated the employment of two regiments of the Second Brigade. The contest became exceedingly stubborn. The enemy largely outnumbering the force which I had to engage, was yet unable to do more than hold his position, and from this he was driven at different points. For some hours the contest was thus maintained under a heavy and destructive fire, the lines of the contending forces being closely drawn up on each other. The arrival of Brigadier-General Custer's brigade, of the First Division, sent to re-enforce the Second Division by the major-general commanding, was but the prelude to a decisive victory. Four regiments of this brigade dismounted, and taking position in the center of the line of the Second Division the entire line rapidly advanced, driving the enemy in confusion. The rebel dead and many wounded were left on the field. A large number of prisoners and arms were captured. The aggregate loss of the Second Division in this engagement was 256 commissioned officers and enlisted men killed and wounded. On the 31st the Second Brigade was detached to report to Major-General Smith, at the White House. The brigade reported back to the division on the 1st of June. On the 31st First Brigade was sent to the support of the First Division at Cold Harbor.

June 2, by direction of the major-general commanding, the Second Division made a reconnaissance to Sumner's (upper) Bridge on the Chickahominy. Near the bridge found the enemy's cavalry, infantry, and artillery strongly posted. With both brigades of the division attacked the enemy and took from them their advanced

