
positions, which were held until the arrival of the Second Corps. June 3, 4, and 5, division remained in camp at Bottom's Bridge, picketing the lower Chickahominy. On the 6th marched to New Castle Ferry and joined the First Division of the corps, and on the 7th the two divisions, under Major-General Sheridan, started on an expedition to Gordonsville. On the 10th crossed the North Anna at Carpenter's Ford. On the 11th the First Division, being engaged with the enemy at Trevilian Station, on the Central railroad the Second Brigade, of the Second Division, was ordered forward to its support. Placed on the left of the line of battle, it advanced against the enemy, driving him back rapidly, capturing a large number of prisoners. On the evening of the same day the Second Brigade, with two regiments of the First, all dismounted, were directed against a position held by the enemy in force on the extreme left of our line. After a severe contest of about twenty minutes' duration, the enemy (Fitz. Lee's division) were routed and the position was ours. A number of the enemy's wounded fell into our hands, as also other prisoners. Aggregate loss of the division 109 commissioned officers and enlisted men killed and wounded. June 12, First Brigade sent to support the First Division in an attack made upon the enemy. Brigade not engaged. On the 13th the command began its return march, and on the 20th reached the Pamunkey at the White House. On the 21st, at 3 a. m., the entire division dismounted, crossed the Pamunkey, and moved out against the enemy's cavalry on the road leading to Tunstall's Station. Hampton's cavalry was found in position on the west side of Black Creek. This force advanced with the view of retaking the position held by it on the preceding day, but in this it failed, and during the night retired to the Chickahominy. On the 23rd the division, acting with the First Division as escort to a large wagon train belonging to the corps and other troops, crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge. On the 24th, in compliance with the orders of the major-general commanding the corps, the Second Division moved from its camp to Saint Mary's Church and there took position. When within a mile of the church the advance of the Second Brigade found a small mounted force of the enemy. This was driven away and the lines of the division established. The batteries of the division were placed in commanding positions. During the morning and until after 3 p. m. there was irregular skirmishing at different points of our line. A large force of the enemy was known to have passed Saint Mary's Church, moving in the direction of Haxall's, on the evening before. Having received information from the major-general commanding that circumstances compelled an alteration of the disposition previously ordered of the troops under his command, this alteration placing the Second Division beyond any immediate support, every disposition was made to resist an attack of the enemy should it be made. Between 3 and 4 p. m. the enemy made an attack in great force on the Second Brigade, occupying the right of our line. The attack thus began extended along the front of the First Brigade on the left. It was very soon evident that the force of the enemy was largely superior to ours, and that they were supported by infantry, but nothing daunted by the display of strong lines of an overconfident enemy, our men fell upon them and held them in check. The strife was in earnest now; there were no disengaged men on our side. Randol's and Dennison's batteries pitched load after load of canister into the staggering lines of the enemy. After about two hours, in which this

