
Numbers 201. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, including operations April 29 - July 4.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,July 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this brigade since breaking camp at Three-Mile Station, on the 29th of April, 1864. Owing to the long period for which the report is made, and the impossibility of giving within any reasonable limit a detailed account of the movements of the command, I forward this report in the form of a journal:

The brigade left camp on the morning of the 29th of April, and crossing the Rappahannock River at Kelly's Ford, marched to Paoli Mills, and there went into camp. We staid at Paoli Mills until May 3, when the command marched to Richardsville, and early on the morning of the 4th crossed the Rapidan River. Marched to Chancellorsville, and from thence to near Alrich's; camped there for the night.

On the morning of the 5th marched to Todd's Tavern, and on arriving there, about 3 p. m., relieved the Third Division. Fought ntil dark, and succeeded in driving the enemy. Lost 65 men, mostly from the First New Jersey and First Massachusetts Cavalry. Encamped on the field.

May 6. - Marched back to near Alrich's; not engaged.

May 7. - Marched back again to near Todd's Tavern, and were engaged in the afternoon on the left. Fought until night-fall and succeeded in driving the enemy, with a heavy loss to them, our loss being 27 men, mostly from the Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

May 8. - Moved back to Alrich's; were not engaged.

May 9. - Moved with the division and wold corps toward Fredericksburg, and thence toward Richmond. The brigade had the extreme rear of the column, and about 4 p. m. the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, which composed the rear guard, was charged and had some very heavy fighting for a short time, at a place called Davenport. Captain Abell, of the Sixth Ohio, was killed; also lost about 47 men from Sixth Ohio and First Massachusetts Cavalry; encamped at Chilesburg.

May 10. - Crossed the North and South Anna Rivers and went into camp without being engaged.

May 11. - Started at 2 a. m. to cut the Fredericksburg railroad at Ashland. On arriving there tore up quite a section of railroad, and destroyed the Government buildings; also an engine and train of cars. The First Massachusetts charged into the place and lost 16 men and 3 commissioned officers, viz, Captain Motley, Lieutenant Smith, the adjutant, and Lieutenant Hopkins. Earlier in the morning, Captain Gleason, of the same regiment, was wounded while on picket. The command then joined the main column and crossed the railroad at the junction of the Brook road; marched all night and arrived near the Burton house at daylight.

May 12. - Were engaged with the enemy for several hours at Burton's, and covered the rear in crossing the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridge, and late at night went into camp at Gaines' house.

May 13. - Marched all day and went into camp at Bottom's Bridge.

