
May 14. - Started after daylight, and crossing White Oak Swamp, arrived at Haxall's Landing, on the James River, just before dark, and there went into camp, and remained encamped there until the evening of the 17th, at 7 p. m., when the command started for Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy, arriving there about 10 a. m. Halted for breakfast. At 3 p. m. started for Baltimore Cross-Roads, and arrived there at 8 p. m.

May 19. - Remained at Baltimore Cross-Roads.

May 20. - Marched to Cold Harbor and encamped.

May 21. - Remained in camp at Cold Harbor, and on the 22nd marched to the White House.

May 23. - Crossed the Pamunkey at the White House, and marched to Aylett's, and from thence, on the 24th, to Reedy Swamp.

May 25. - Proceeded to near Chesterfield Station and joined the main army.

May 26. - Left camp at 11 a. m. and marched to Hanovertown Ferry, on the Pamunkey, crossing on the 27th and encamping at Hanovertown. Proceeded thence, on the 28th, to Haw's Shop, and had there a very severe engagement, which lasted seven hours, and in which 23 officers and 151 men were killed, wounded, and missing; drove the enemy and went back into camp near Hanovertown. On the 29th, at 4 p. m., moved about 3 miles toward New Castle, and encamped.

May 30. - At 9 p. m. moved on Old Church road, and encamped at Young's house, two regiments picketing toward Bethesda Church.

May 31. - Moved back to Old Church, and encamped on Braxton's farm until 6 p. m., when the command proceeded in the direction of Cold Harbor, arriving there at daylight.

June 1. - Ordered to report to General Torbert, commanding the First Division; reported, and were placed in position in reserve, under fire, but not engaged; were relieved by infantry, and marched to Parsley's house, arriving in the afternoon; encamped.

On the 2nd marched to New Bridge, and had an artillery duel with the enemy, losing 1 officer and 10 men; relieved by the infantry about 2 p. m.; moved to Bottom's Bridge, and encamped.

June 3, 4, and 5. - Remained in camp, and were shelled by the enemy, without loss, during the three days in which the camps were under fire.

June 6. - Marched to New Castle, and encamped after crossing the Pamunkey.

Marched all day on the 7th, and went into camp about 3 miles from Aylett's.

On the 8th marched all day, arriving and camping near Pole Cat Station.

9th, marched all day, arriving and camping at Young's Bridge.

10th, marched all day, and encamped on the North Anna River.

June 11. - Marched to near Trevilian Station, where the First Division and the Second Brigade of this division were engaged with the enemy; were not engaged as a brigade, although three regiments of the command were engaged. Went into camp on the field.

June 12. - Marched to the station and assisted in destroying the railroad. A portion of the command had severe fighting with the enemy. The rest were on picket guarding the flanks; lost 2 officers and 24 men; did not unsaddle nor lie down.

At 2.30 a. m. on the 13th proceeded to withdraw, the command covering the rear. No attack was made by the enemy; marched all

