
the morning; crossed the North Anna at Carpenter's Ford, and stopping a few hours for rest, proceeded across the Plentiful River and went into camp for the night.

June 14. - Marched all day and encamped for the night near Corbin's Bridge, on the Po River.

June 15. - Marched all day, passing through Spotsylvania Court-House.

June 16. - Marched all day.

June 17. - Marched all day and encamped at Newtown.

June 18. - Marched all day and went into camp at King and Queen Court-House.

On the 19th marched all day; back again to Dunkirk, and there crossed the Mattapony on the 20th and proceeded to the White House.

June 21. - The brigade crossed the Pamunkey River dismounted, leaving camp at 2 a. m. Were not engaged, and recrossed the river at 10 a. m.; got breakfast and mounted; again crossed the river. The First Pennsylvania Cavalry had a severe fight, in a bad position, and were obliged to fall back for a short distance; the enemy did not follow up; lost 3 officers and 39 men killed, wounded, and missing. Encamped near to the field.

Remained in camp on the 22nd until 2 p. m.; then marched to Baltimore Cross-Roads and again encamped.

June 23. - Marched to Jones' Bridge, over the Chickahominy; crossed and marched to within 3 miles of Charles City Court-House, where the brigade encamped for the night.

June 24. - Left camp at 8 a. m.; marched to Saint Mary's Church; slight skirmishing with the enemy during the day until 4 p. m., when the enemy, superior in numbers, made an attack on the whole line, outflanking us and forcing us to retire. After a severe engagement that lasted until nearly dark, retired as far as Charles City Court-House and there formed, staying all night. The enemy followed up but a short distance. Lost 7 commissioned officers and 74 men.

June 25. - Left our position at Charles City Court-House and marched to Douthat's Landing, on the James River, and went into camp.

Remained in camp during the 25th, 26th, and until the afternoon of the 27th. Then marched to the landing, and all night the brigade was engaged in crossing the river.

june 28. - Arrived across at Powhatan Ford and encamped about 2 miles inland.

June 29. - Remained in camp, and on the 30th started at 5 p. m., and, marching all night, arrived at Prince George Court-House an hour or two after daylight.

July 1. - Halted for breakfast and then marched on to Warwick Marsh and encamped.

July 2. - Marched across the Jerusalem plank road, lay still all day, and went into camp at evening.

July 3. - Marched through Prince George Court-House and encamped about 2 miles beyond it, nearer the river.

July 4. - Marched from Prince George Court-House to near Light-House Point, from which last-mentioned place this report is forwarded.

This will comprise all the movements and engagements of this command within the dates mentioned.

