
I beg leave to mention, for good conduct in the field and attention to duty, the commanding officers of the several regiments of this brigade, who have all merited the highest praise that can be given them.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 202. Report of Colonel John W. Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry, of operations May 4 - August 17.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,August 17, 1864.

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the actions of this regiment during the present campaign since its commencement to date, together with a list of casualties* among officers and enlisted men:

On the 4th of May last, when the army crossed the Rapidan River, on its march through the Wilderness, the honor of leading the advance across at Ely's Ford was conferred on this regiment by General Gregg, which resulted in an important skirmish and a dash after the rebel pickets, who fled on our approach toward Chancellorsville. Nothing occurred worthy of note until next day at noon we were ordered to move toward Orange Court-House. When we arrived at a village called Todd's Tavern, we met the Third Cavalry Division, commanded by General Wilson, rapidly retreating before the enemy's cavalry in a very disordered state. General Davies' brigade was immediately thrown forward, and having rapidly moved a half mile we met the advance of the enemy's cavalry pressing forward on the rear of General Wilson. Captain Hart, with the First Squadron, was ordered to charge, which he did with such impetuosity that the enemy in turn were routed, and the gallant First Squadron pressed them back on their main body until they in turn were met by the charge of a rebel regiment, which again turned the tide of battle. At this critical juncture, I hastened to his support with three squadrons of my regiment, the remaining two having been sent on the flanks. Hastily forming these squadrons in line of battle, the whole line moved forward and gave the enemy such a sharp volley, followed by a rapid fire at will, that they desisted from their charge and endeavored to keep back the advancing line of my regiment, but without success. Forward we moved, as steadily as on parade, the rebels endeavoring to check us by showers of canister, but with no avail; and they hastily limbered their guns and fell back, just in time to prevent their capture. In this manner we drove the enemy 2 miles through the thick forests of the Wilderness, and halted only when we received positive orders from General Davies, we then being far on the flank of the rebel infantry. We held the position until dark, when we were relieved by another regiment,

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, pp. 129, 163, 184, 185.

---------------

