
who picketed the ground we had won. In this little affair the regiment lost 6 men killed and 2 officers and 41 men wounded. The next day my regiment was not engaged. On the 7th the Cavalry Corps was hotly engaged, a part of the regiment being engaged on the left, but nothing of note transpired.

On the 9th of May the cavalry turned the right of the rebel army on the Sheridan raid. My regiment had the rear of the column, and was engaged with the rebel cavalry during the latter part of the day. Captain Robbins had been sent with his squadron on a road running at a right angle with our lines of march to protect the flanks as the column passed, and the enemy charged a brigade of their troops on the rear guard, driving it upon the rear of the column completely, by the road on which this squadron was placed, and effectually cutting it off from the main body. As soon as Captain Robbins became aware of his situation he moved across the country toward the road on which the main column was fighting, and was just in time to charge his whole squadron through the ranks of the rebels as they were endeavoring to rally after the repulse received from the charge they made on our rear guard. This spirited charge made them more cautious, and, night coming on, they hovered on our rear.

My regiment being in the extreme rear, remained on picket until daybreak next morning, when the rebels again assaulted our lines, but were held in check until we were relieved and crossed the North Anna River. We then took our place in the advance of the column and continued our line of march. Next day we were sent to Ashland. My regiment being engaged in tearing up the railroad, did not come in contact with the enemy.

Nothing occurred during the remainder of the raid worthy of note, my regiment fully participating in the fatigue and hardships of that celebrated movement.

On the 25th of May we again rejoined the army, and on the 28th the enemy fiercely attacked our pickets at Haw's Store, on the Richmond road, and my regiment was ordered to their support, one company having been sent on each flank, mounted. Captain Robbins, with Companies A, B, G, and I, dismounted, moved forward and occupied a position on the right of the road, and opened a brisk fire from their carbines upon the line of the enemy which was forming for an attack. The remainder of the regiment moved to the left of the road, and having been dismounted, was ordered forward to the support of the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, which was hotly engaged on the left of the road. Captain Robbins being hard pressed, I ordered Major Janeway to take Captain Brooks' squadron (H and K companies) to his support, and to assume command of that part of the line. The enemy directed his fire at this part of the line, and the severest cavalry fighting of the war raged for two hours in my front. The enemy was a new brigade from South Carolina, armed with Enfield rifles, and was very formidable. At this juncture General Custer charged down the road with three regiments, and my men charged the whole line in their front, drove the enemy from their line, and pursued them so rapidly for 1 1/2 miles that they left their dead and severely wounded on the field. The regiment in this engagement lost 2 officers killed and 9 wounded; 9 men killed and 44 wounded. The enemy left 180 dead in our first line.

During the movement across the Pamunkey River our duties were confined to picketing and an occasional skirmish until the 7th

