
of June, when the Cavalry Corps went to Trevilian Station, 9 miles from Gordonsville. At this place, while picketing the country on the right of the command, Major Janeway, with the Third Battalion, made a very dashing charge on the enemy's rear, which was managed so cleverly that it excited the admiration of all who saw it.

On the 13th of June the cavalry left Trevilian Station to return to the army, which was then crossing the James River. My regiment was assigned to the important duty of rear guard, and we skirmished with the enemy until that night, with no serious loss.

On arriving at White House we found the enemy endeavoring to capture a train of a thousand wagons which had been left at that point, but after an important skirmish the enemy allowed us to conduct it safely to the James River, the regiment being partially engaged at Saint Mary's Church, with a trifling loss. We crossed the James River on the 29th of June, having suffered greatly from fatigue and scarcity of provisions. Nothing occurred to vary the usual round of duties until the recent movement at Deep Bottom, on the north side of the James River, in which the regiment participated, and making a forced march, arrived at Lee's Mills on the extreme left of the army.

Next day Captain Brooks, with the Third Battalion, conducted a flank movement which dislodged the rebels from their position, and Captain Hick, with six companies, made a dashing mounted charge, driving the rebels 3 miles, who fled precipitately, leaving their personal effects strewn along the road in profusion.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of officers and men of my regiment, and I am happy to state that the recruits received last winter have imbibed the spirit of the veterans, and this regiment will ever be an organization which will uphold the pride and honor of the State of New Jersey.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. KESTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey.

Numbers 203. Report of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, including operations April 29 - July 6.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the operations of this brigade since April 29, 1864, to the present date:

April 29, marched from Turkey Run to Paoli Mills.

May 3, marched to Richardsville. 4th, crossed the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford and marched via Chancellorsville to Alrich's. 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th, engaged with the enemy at Todd's Tavern. 9th, marched to the North Anna River. 10th, crossed South Anna. 11th, engaged with the enemy from Ground Squirrel Church to Yellow Tavern. 12th, engaged all day with the enemy near Brook Church, inside the fortifications of Richmond. 13th, marched to

