
field and retained command of his regiment until the close of the action. Colonel P. Huey, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was captured.

To the officers of my staff - Captain H. M. Hughes, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant John B. Maitland, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant R. J. Phipps, acting ordnance offficer; Lieutenant Heald, provost-marshal, and Lieutenants Mattson and Cutler - I am indebted for most valuable assistance in carrying orders and keeping me advised of the operations along a line too extended for personal supervision. Lieutenant John B. Maitland has been performing the duties of acting assistant adjutant-general since February, 1863, and deserves and should obtain promotion as assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, not only for his ability, but for gallantry in action.

A numerical list* of casualties accompanies this report. A nominal list has already been furnished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 204. Itinerary of the First Maine Cavalry, May 1 - June 24.+

May 1. - Regiment was encamped at Paoli Mills, Va.

May 3. - Moved toward Rapidan River.

May 5. - Went on reconnaissance to Fredericksburg and joined the brigade again at Todd's Tavern. Were engaged with the enemy at that place on the 7th and 8th, with little loss.

May 9. - Moved with Cavalry Corps on raid toward Richmond.

May 10. - The regiment moved out as advance guard of the column and skirmished slightly with the enemy in the morning, who gave way and disappeared for the day.

May 11. - Started from Goodall's Tavern, First Maine as rear guard. It became necessary to dismount the whole regiment to hold back a strong force of the enemy while the column moved on. On withdrawing these dismounted men the enemy charged, both mounted and dismounted, and caused the regiment to fall back with some confusion and considerable loss. The engagement at Brook turnpike was participated in by the regiment, which occupied a position on the left of the line.

May 16. - Moved to Jones' Bridge in advance of corps to prepare a crossing for the column.

May 29. - Were in the reserve in the engagement at Haw's Shop, near Hanovertown. Estimated distance traveled, 300 miles; aggregate casualties, 69.

June 2. - Engaged the enemy near Barker's Mill.

June 11. - Participated in engagement at Trevilian Station, supporting Randol's battery.

June 22. - Having crossed the river at White House, skirmished with the enemy the greater part of the day near Black Creek with considerable loss.

June 24. - Engaged at Saint Mary's Church with considerable loss; estimated number of miles traveled, 275.

---------------

* Not found; but see revised statement, pp. 129, 163, 177, 184, 185.

+ From brigade returns for May and June.

---------------

