
May 4. - Broke camp; marched to Ely's Ford; crossed; Captain McCallum marched by river road to communicate with General Wilson; main column moved to Silver's farm and encamped.

May 5. - Marched near Todd's Tavern, relieving the Third Division, and engaged the enemy; regiment on picket on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House.

May 6. - Brigade moved back 1 1/2 miles to guard the left flank; pickets of Second Pennsylvania Cavalry driven in; our regiment was ordered out to its support; Companies G, E, K, and F dismounted as skirmishers; at 5 p. m. regiment was withdrawn and moved to Piney Church and encamped.

May 7. - Moved out to near Todd's Tavern; regiment, dismounted, pushed rapidly forward, driving the enemy's skirmishers to beyond the Po River; fell back to near Todd's Tavern, and took position on the edge of the wood; skirmishing all day; regiment remained in line all night.

May 8. - Regiment pushed forward at daybreak about 1 1/2 miles; found the enemy and charged him, driving him three-quarters of a mile, when the whole line was ordered to fall back to draw on the enemy, but he would not follow. At 12 m. an advance was ordered and the line charged, driving the enemy and compelling him to leave his killed and wounded in our hands; 4 p. m. infantry came up and relieved the whole line, when the brigade fell back beyond Silver's farm and encamped; 12 miles.

May 9. - Regiment broke campe at Silver's farm and moved in rear of Fredericksburg, by Massaponax Church; the regiment deployed as flankers, while column passed on to Beaver Dam and encamped; 35 miles.

May 10. - Crossed the North Anna at Beaver Dam Ford; pushed on toward South Anna; crossed and encamped at Ground Squirrel Church; 20 miles.

May 11. - Regiment moved from Ground Squirrel Church to Hungary Station; met the enemy, who attacked the rear column; the advance drove the enemy, capturing 2 pieces of artillery and 80 prisoners; skirmished with the enemy. At 12 p. m. column moved off, regiment bringing up the rear; 6 miles.

May 12. - Moved on to within the first line of breast-works; regiment still in the rear; ordered on picket on Richmond pike; command moved by Meadow Bridge road; enemy advanced on our line in force, driving in our pickets; regiment, dismounted, sent out to support the pickets and held the right of the line until 4 p. m., then withdrawn and crossed the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridge, on the road to Walnut Grove Church, and encamped; 12 miles.

May 13. - Moved by way of Cold Harbor to Bottom's Bridge and encamped; 15 miles.

May 14. - Crossed the Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge; moved on to Haxall's Landing and encamped; 20 miles.

May 15 and 16. - In camp.

May 17. - Moved to Jones' Bridge.

May 18. - Crossed the Chickahominy; encamped at Baltimore Cross-Roads; 30 miles.

May 19. - Marched by Tunstall's Station to Cold Harbor; advance met enemy's pickets, capturing 1 and driving the remainder on to Gaines' Mill; crossed, formed skirmish line, supported by Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; withdrew at 7 p. m.; 12 miles.

May 20. - Marched out to support pickets.

