
May 22. - Marched to White House Landing and encamped; 18 miles.

May 23. - Crossed the Pamunkey and marched by way of King William Court-House to Aylett's and encamped; 25 miles.

May 24. - Moved and encamped on Bowling Green road; 20 miles.

May 25. - Moved to Chesterfield Station and encamped; 18 miles.

May 26. - Moved to Pole Cat Station.

May 27. - Crossed the Pamunkey at Hanovertown; 18 miles.

May 28 to 31. - On picket.

June 1. - Regiment on picket at New Castle Ford; 3 p. m. moved to Old Church; thence by way of Bottom's Bridge road to beyond Prospect Church, and encamped; 10 miles.

June 2. - Moved on to Beaver Mills; found the enemy and drove him to his works, Companies F and H supporting battery; moved back to Beaver Mills and on to Bottom's Bridge; went into camp; 12 miles.

June 3. - In camp.

June 4. - Regiment moved to Cedar Grove, picketing at Long Bridge and Jones' Bridge; 6 miles.

June 6. - Regiment relieved by Sixteenth Pennsylvania; moved on to Bottom's Bridge and encamped at 5 p. m.; moved to Pamunkey and New Castle; crossed and encamped; 21 miles.

June 7. - Moved to Aylett's and encamped; 18 miles.

June 8. - Moved to beyond Pole Cat Station and encamped; 24 miles.

June 9. - Moved from Pole Cat Station, by Belam Church and Wright's Tavern, to near Lewis' and encamped; 32 miles.

June 10. - Moved by Walnut Tavern and Good Hope Church; crossed north fork of North Anna, and moved on Louisa Court-House road and encamped; 21 miles.

June 11. - Moved on Gordonsville road; met the enemy at Trevilian Station, driving him to the railroad; regiment moved to the left, dismounted, and to the advance, driving the enemy half a mile. At 2 p. m. the regiment led the advance of a charge to take possession of a tavern, and succeeded in driving the enemy rapidly from his chosen position, and compelling him to leave his killed and wounded in our hands; regiment held left of line until 9 p. m., when it was withdrawn and encamped near tavern; 10 miles.

June 12. - Regiment on picket; 9 p. m. relieved by Tenth New York Cavalry, and taking the advance, moved toward North Anna.

June 14. - Crossed the North Anna; moved to Corbin's Bridge, on Po River; regiment on picket at Todd's Tavern; 24 miles.

June 15. - Moved by Spotsylvania Court-House to beyond Weed Tavern and encamped; 20 miles.

June 16. - Marched through Bowling Green; moved to White House road, near the Mattapony, and encamped; 30 miles.

June 17. - Moved, via Newtown, Chapel Hill, and Edwards' Store, to near Weavertown and encamped; 18 miles.

June 18. - Moved by Weavertown to beyond King and Queen Court-House and encamped; 14 miles.

June 19. - Regiment detailed to escort prisoners and wagons to West Point; 18 miles.

June 21. - Crossed Mattapony on transports.

June 22. - Moved from West Point to White House; rejoined brigade and encamped; 21 miles.

