
June 23. - Moved from White House, crossed Chickahominy at Jones's Bridge, to near Charles City Court-House; 15 miles.

June 24. - Moved out on road to Malvern Hill; met the enemy's pickets at Saint Mary's Church; drove them 1 mile; Companies D, I, F, and H dismounted. At 3 p. m. the enemy advanced upon our lines with heavy force of cavalry and infantry, driving in our lines; regiment charged on enemy, driving them to woods; regiment was then dismounted and engaged the enemy, but the enemy having received re-enforcements, the whole line was compelled to fall back beyond Hopewell Church and encamped near Charles City Court-House.

June 25. - Moved to Douthat's Landing and went into camp; 15 miles.

June 28. - Crossed James River and encamped near Fort Powhatan.

June 29. - Moved at 5 p. m. toward Prince George Court-House, reaching that place at daybreak.

June 30. - Marched to Blackwater and encamped; 30 miles.

Numbers 208. Itinerary of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, May 1 - June 30.*

May 1. - Regiment in quarters at Bristoe, Va.

May 4. - Broke camp and marched to the front, being temporarily attached to the Ninth Army Corps. Remained with the Ninth Army Corps without anything of interest transpiring except the routine of picket, scout, &amp; c., until May 26, when we were ordered to Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

May 28. - Engaged in the fight at Haw's Shop; met with a loss of 32 officers and men killed, wounded, and missing.

May 31. - In camp at New Castle Ferry, Va.

June 1. - In camp near New Castle Ferry.

June 5. - Crossed Pamunkey at New Castle Ferry.

June 6. - Started on raid in direction of Trevilian Station.

June 11. - Engaged the enemy at that place; met with loss of 2 killed and 3 wounded.

June 24. - Met the enemy at Saint Mary's Church; met with loss of 2 killed, 14 wounded, and 28 missing.

June 30. - In camp near Prince George Court-House.

Numbers 209. Itinerary of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, May 1 - June 30.*

May 1. - Regiment in camp near Paoli Mills.

May 3. - Broke camp, and early on the morning of the 4th crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford and picketed at Silver's Cross-Roads. At 4 p. m. the enemy attacked outposts with a small force, say 40 or 50, but were repulsed.

---------------

* From brigade returns for May and June.

---------------

