
Regiment participated in engagements at Todd's Tavern of the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th instant, and especially those of the 7th and 8th, in which it took a very active part in the center of the line.

May 9. - Regiment started on raid on the enemy's communications and to Richmond with the balance of the corps.

May 11. - Captain Snyder's squadron picket near Hanover Church was cut off by the enemy in their attack on the First Maine and Tenth New York, but charged the enemy and cut their way through. On this day the Sixteenth Pennsylvania took an active part in resisting the enemy's attack in the rear, as they also did the next day (12th instant) in the fight near Richmond. Regiment then shared with other vicissitudes of the march of the Cavalry Corps on its return to the Army of the Potomac, which was joined on the 25th instant, near Chesterfield Station.

May 26. - Having drawn rations and forage, again moved out and marched all night.

May 27. - Crossed the Pamunkey at Hanovertown Ferry and encamped.

May 28. - Moved out 1 p. m. The regiment was sent to support the First Brigade in the engagement at Haw's Shop; regiment dismounted and went on to the skirmish line, taking an active part in the fight; Capts. James C. Robinson and Swank, and Lieutenant Roberts, wounded in this engagement; also, 4 men killed, 26 wounded, and 1 missing.

May 29. - Encamped at Cold Harbor Ferry.

May 30. - Regiment turned out to support First Cavalry Division at Old Church, but did not become engaged.

May 31. - Moved to White House Landing and drew supplies.

June 1. - At White House Landing.

June 2. - Marched to McClellan's Bridge, Chickahominy; skirmished with the enemy.

June 3 to 5. - In camp near Bottom's Bridge.

June 6. - Crossed Pamunkey River at New Castle Ferry.

June 7. - Encamped near Aylettsville.

June 8. - Encamped at Pole Cat Station.

June 9. - Encamped at Wright's Tavern.

June 10 to 12. - On picket near Trevilian Station; engaged the enemy there; lost 2 men killed, 1 officer and 10 men wounded; charged the enemy; destroyed railroad.

June 13. - Encamped on north bank of North Anna River.

June 14. - Encamped near Todd's Tavern; lost 1 man on picket.

June 15. - On march and encamped at 9 p. m.

June 16. - Encamped near Sparta.

June 17. - Encamped near Walkerton.

June 18. - Encamped near King and Queen Court-House.

June 19. - Encamped at Dunkirk.

June 20. - Crossed Mattapony River and encamped at White House.

June 21. - Crossed Pamunkey River; dismounted and engaged the enemy near Tunstall's Station; no casualties; at dusk returned for our horses.

June 22. - On scout to Webb's house.

June 23. - Destroyed railroad bridge across Pamunkey, and formed rear guard on march to Charles City Court-House.

---------------

* From brigade returns for May and June.

---------------

