
This morning my advance on the Hanover Court-House [road] met Young's brigade, or a part of it, and after a smart skirmish drove it across Mechump's Creek. I have now one brigade holding the forks of the road near Winston's house, and occupying the Richmond road to Kinney's in force, covering its junction with the Mechanicsville road, with orders to patrol through to the right of the army. The other brigade is at the crossing of Crump's Creek; but, if you think necessary, it might be moved to the vicinity of Aenon Church, or the grave yard. Be good enough to inform me of your wishes by return courier. I think my present position more defensible and affording better means of communicating with the right of the army than the one behind the creek. I am making reconnaissances, however, to satisfy myself on that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Price's House, Va., May 31, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

COLONEL: After a very brisk little fight I drove the enemy's cavalry through Hanover Court-House, which we now occupy, and as I have received direct instructions from army headquarters to the purport that previously given orders to destroy the railroads and bridges were not revoked, I shall leave but two regiments here at Price's house to do the patrolling and picketing from the river to the infantry line, and with the remaining part of my division shall leave at the earliest possible hour to-morrow morning in the direction of the South Anna and the two railroads, endeavoring to carry out the requirements of General Meade's order.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Hanover Court-House, Va., May 31, 1864 - 11 p. m.

GENERAL: I regret exceedingly not having received your communications of this evening at an earlier hour. I also regret not having received the original order directing me to destroy the railroads. I have fully explained all I know concerning the order revoking it to the staff officer sent me this evening. He arrived at nearly 7 p. m., followed shortly after by Captain Ulffers, and though the enemy had begun a demonstration against me, I moved forward at once on the road to Hanover Court-House, and after a very sharp fight drove the enemy from a very strong position on the north side of Mechump's Creek, and through Hanover Court-House, taking some prisoners and killing quite a number. The rebels were commanded in person by General Young, and were probably his brigade, and two pieces of artillery. It was after 9 o'clock when the action ceased.

