
My men were fatigued from their fighting to-day, and ammunition exhausted. I have therefore concluded to halt for the night, recruit men and horses, get ammunition and provisions, so as to push out at the first dawn of day. I shall leave two regiments to patrol from the right of the army to the river.

Having no appliances for the destruction of bridges, would it not be well to send me a half dozen barrels of powder and some slow match. If you do so, it should be here before 3.30 a. m. My officers and men have behaved with great gallantry this afternoon. Colonel McIntosh deserves promotion as one of the most competent brigade commanders in the army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

[Indorsement.]

Major DUANE:

If you have the means of sending what General Wilson wants, will you do so? The orderly is here to conduct any one with it.

A. A. H.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Fredericksburg Railroad Bridge, over South Anna,

June 1, 1864 - 6 p. m.

GENERAL: In pursuance of your orders, I moved with my division to destroy the railroad bridges over South Anna this morning, 4 a. m., McIntosh toward Ahsland Station, Chapman through to the bridges, communicating with each other, and both pressing the enemy handsomely back. The bridges were destroyed. McIntosh at Ashland, where he was attacked in the rear by a force from some unexpected quarter. He is now hotly engaged, and I am endeavoring to relieve him by sending troops to attack enemy in rear. I think we shall succeed, and return by the road from the bridge, through Hanover Court-House, or possibly cross to north side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 1, 1864 - 7 p. m.

GENERAL: I have effectually destroyed both railroad bridges upon the South Anna River, and in accomplishing it I attacked the enemy this morning at 5 o'clock, driving them from their position near Hanover Court-House. My First Brigade (Colonel McIntosh commanding) attacked them upon the Hanover Court-House and Ashland road, and, after hard fighting (they having the Twenty-fifth

