
Regiment Virginia Infantry with their cavalry), he drove them to Ashland, where they attacked him in rear and flank, cutting off communication with me, and he is now in rather a precarious situation. I am now at the mouth of the road from Ashland to the upper South Anna railroad bridge with one regiment, and shall make a great effort to open communication with him. I have two regiments patrolling from the right flank of the army to my command, so I think that my communication is open by the way of Hanover Court-House to Hanovertown. In case my communication is cut off in that direction, there is a crossing which I can secure in this vicinity to the north side of the Pamunkey.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Dr. Price's, June 1, 1864 - 11 p. m.

GENERAL: My command is all in camp, having returned by the road through Hanover Court-House.

The enemy, at least three brigades strong, attacked McIntosh's rear at Ashland Station, cutting him off from his direct road to return to this place. While he was hotly engaged with the enemy, Colonel Chapman dispatched the First Vermont to attack the rebels in rear. The whole command is now safely in camp, having been almost constantly engaged for thirty-six hours with rebel cavalry. The water tanks and track were destroyed at Ashland, the two bridges over South Anna, and all the culverts from here to bridges.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Salem Chapel, June 3, 1864 - 2.40 p. m.

We have driven the enemy from the rifle-pits in this vicinity, having lost several of our most valuable officers - Lieutenant-Colonel Preston and Captain Cushman, [First] Vermont Cavalry, killed; Colonel Benjamin, Eighth New York, severely wounded. The enemy seems to have withdrawn on the road to Aenon Church, but certainly toward the fortifications originally occupied by their infantry. I am now covering with the main body of my force the road to Hanovertown and the Totopotomoy, and have sent part of a regiment to cross the creek near its head, on the road to Mrs. Via's, with instructions to ascertain the position of the enemy's infantry if possible. I do not think it would be judicious to relinquish this position for a movement with my whole force in the direction toward Bethesda. I will threaten it.

J. H. WILSON.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

