HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Forks of Hanovertown and Salem Church Road,

June 3, 1864 - 11 p. m.

After ridding my front of the enemy, I am driving him in the direction of Aenon Church, and I attacked his left and rear on the road from Salem Church to Via's house, threw two regiments over the river on bridge near Via's, who soon became engaged with a brigade of three regiments of Heth's division. They were driven handsomely out of their rifle-pits, which we held for an hour. Failing to establish communication with the infantry on my left, I withdrew to the side of the Totopotomoy, putting my command as follows: First Brigade, with Ransom's battery, near Haw's Shop, picketing south and northward; Second Brigade, with French's battery, on the road from Hanoverton to Linney's, with one regiment at Hanovertown. In taking the enemy's works, we captured some prisoners, who report that Hill is on the extreme left of this army.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

GRAVELLY SPRINGS, ALA., February 18, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac:

Having been relieved from command of Cavalry Bureau on the 7th of April, 1864, and directed to report to the lieutenant-general for assignment, I proceeded without delay to Culpeper Court-House, Va., and on the 7th, in pursuance of orders, assumed command of the Third Cavalry Division, Army of the Potomac. The division at that time consisted of two brigades of six regiments, present for duty, mounted and equipped, 2, 692; dismounted, 754; with unserviceable horses, 378; aggregate, 3, 436. It was stationed at Stevensburg, picketing the Rapidan from Raccoon Ford to Skinker's Ford, across the neck between the two rivers, and thence up the Rappahannock to Kelly's Ford, with an outlying picket of 200 men at Hartwood Church. This picket-line was 28 miles, with vedettes in sight of each other throughout, and had been kept up all winter. The camps were in bad condition, the horses poor, and the troops apparently overworked and badly cared for. By authority of General Sheridan, commanding the corps, the picket details were at once decreased. Soon after taking command Pennington's and Fitzhugh's batteries, six guns each, regular horse artillery, reported to me in splendid condition for duty with the division.

In pursuance of written and verbal instructions from General Sheridan, and after consultation with Major-General Warren, whose corps was to follow the movements of my division, at 1 a. m. May 4 broke camp at Stevensburg and marched to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan, the Second Brigade, Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, commanding, in advance. At 3 a. m. the advance guard crossed the river at that place, drove back a small rebel cavalry picket, posted to observe the ford. By 5 a. m. the entire division had crossed and pushed well out on the road toward Old

