
Wilderness Tavern. The pontoniers, under the direction of Lieutenant Folwell, shortly afterward had finished a pontoon bridge, and made all arrangements for the crossing of the infantry. As soon as the leading division of the Fifth Corps had crossed, I pushed forward to the crossing of the Orange Court-House and Fredericksburg road, near the Old Wilderness Tavern. At this point the main force was halted, and strong parties sent on the roads to the south and west. As soon as the infantry made its appearance, I moved with the main force toward Parker's Store, and sent orders to the party on the Orange Court-House plank road to push out as far as Robertson's Tavern and, after driving the enemy away from that place, to march across the country and join the division in the neighborhood of Parker's Store, on the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House pike. My instructions contemplated that I should not go farther than the point just mentioned the first day, and that reaching it would enable me to cover the infantry and give it timely notice of any movement of the enemy from his position beyond Mine Run. As soon as I arrived at Parker's Store, a strong reconnaissance, under the command of Colonel J. Hammond, Fifth New York Cavalry, was sent toward Mine Run with directions to keep an active lookout for the enemy, while the balance of the command bivouacked in a strong position. From prisoners taken, just from Orange Court-House, it seemed probable that the enemy was not expecting a movement in that direction. The only forces of the enemy encountered were small parties of cavalry watching the pike and plank road from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, and stationed about the crossing of Mine Run.

Having received no counter instructions during the night, and the enemy having made no demonstration, in compliance with my original order, at 5 a. m. of the 5th, leaving Colonel Hammond with his regiment on the road before Parker's Store, I pushed on toward Craig's Meeting House on the Catharpin road. Colonel Hammond was directed to hold the position at Parker's Store till relieved by the infantry, and then to join the division in the neighborhood of Craig's Meeting House. Soon after daylight he was attacked by a force of infantry, but stubbornly resisted their march, notified Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding a division of the Fifth Corps, of the state of affairs, asked him to move to his assistance, and occupy the strong position near the Store. The infantry, for reasons not known to me, failed to go to his assistance, and did not subsequently reach the point. Colonel Hammond was soon after joined by Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, detached from his regiment to command the First Brigade. These two most gallant officers, with scarcely 500 men, armed with Spencer carbines and fighting on foot, by their gallantry and good management, resisted the rebel infantry in large force for six hours. They were, however, gradually pressed back, till they reached the infantry of the Fifth Corps, 1 1/2 miles east of Parker's Store. The enemy following closely, as a matter of course cut off communication between them and the division. By 8 a. m. the Second Brigade, with the First Vermont Cavalry, Colonel Preston commanding, in advance, had arrived at Craig's Meeting House. Just beyond they encountered the enemy's cavalry, Rosser's brigade, and after a very sharp fight and several handsome charges, drove it rapidly back a distance of 2 miles, taking some prisoners. About noon Chapman's ammunition became exhausted, and fearing to push the pursuit too far, I directed

