
him to hold the position he then occupied and observe closely the movements of the enemy's troops. The First Brigade in the mean time had been halted on the north side of Robertson Run, near the junction of the road from Parker's Store with the Catharpin road. Having heard nothing from the main army during the day, and having thrown my own force to the extreme limit mentioned in my instructions, I determined to occupy as strong a position as possible, and govern myself as circumstances might demand. Having observed the menacing dispositions of the enemy in front of Chapman's brigade, I directed him to collect his dismounted men and be prepared to fall back, if the enemy should press him too severely. Soon after this, having received re-enforcements, the enemy advanced and compelled Chapman to retire. It was now apparent that the rebel force was considerably superior to ours, and being short of ammunition, I directed Chapman to fall back rapidly beyond the Meeting House, and reform in rear of the First Brigade. My headquarters having been located at Mrs. Faulkner's house, when the rebels arrived at that place, my escort, composed of about 50 men of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Long, Third Indiana Cavalry, gave them a severe check, and in conjunction with a heavy fire from Pennington's and Fitzhugh's batteries, enabled everything to withdraw from the main road to the position occupied by the First Brigade. I had scarcely arrived there, however, when

I was informed by Colonel Bryan that the enemy had made his appearance at an early hour in the forenoon in his rear, on the road to Parker's Store, and that none of my couriers to General Meade had succeeded in getting through. Surprised at this, and fearing for the safety of my command, I immediately determined to withdraw, by a blind road toward Todd's Tavern, to Chancellorsville. I had scarcely taken this resolution when I perceived that the enemy were pushing rapidly down the Catharpin road in the same direction. The march was begun at once, the Second Brigade in advance, followed the batteries and the First Brigade. The Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Brinton commanding, was left to cover the rear. The main column crossed the Po near its head, and struck the Catharpin road just beyond Corbin's Bridge. It had scarcely got upon the road when the rebels made their appearance o n the hill west of the bridge. I succeeded in reaching the road with my escort just in time to prevent being cut off. The rear guard found the road occupied by the enemy, but Colonel Brinton made three brilliant and determined charges, breaking the enemy's cavalry, but finding he could not succeed in getting through without heavy loss, he struck off to the left and joined the division late in the evening.

At Todd's Tavern I found Brigadier-General Gregg with his division, and passing behind him formed my command to assist in holding that place. Gregg moved promptly out, attacked the enemy, and, after a sharp fight, repulsed him. The two divisions encamped that night so as to cover the roads meeting at Todd's Tavern. About midnight Chapman moved his brigade a mile out on the Brock road to connect with the infantry, and prevent the enemy from pushing through that interval.

Early the next morning I was directed to move into Chancellorsville for rations and ammunition, but had been there only a short time when I was ordered back to take position - one brigade at the Piney Branch Church, the other at Alrich's on the Fredericksburg

