
road. Late in the evening was withdrawn again to Chancellorsville, where I arrived with the First Brigade of the division after night and bivouacked.

On the morning of the 7th I was directed by Major-General Sheridan to send a brigade toward the right of the army, with directions to patrol between it and the river, for the purpose of ascertaining if the enemy had made any movement in that direction after breaking the Sixth Corps in the attack on the evening of the 6th. In pursuance of these instructions, I went with McIntosh's brigade to the vicinity of Greenwood Mines, from which position it was soon ascertained that the road to Germanna Ford was still open and no enemy in that direction, notwithstanding the alarming reports sent in by Colonel Crooks, of the Twenty-second New York Cavalry. A reconnaissance at the same time by Chapman's brigade toward Spotsylvania Court-House discovered no enemy in that direction. The division bivouacked near Alrich's. During the night I received orders to move early the next morning, the 8th, by "the Gate" to Spotsylvania Court-House, and thence to Snell's Bridge, on the Po River. I understood I was to be followed by the Ninth Corps, and accordingly, moved promptly at 5 a. m., and, after a rapid march, reached the main road running toward the Court-House just north of Ny River, the First Brigade in advance. The enemy's cavalry pickets were encountered at the crossing of the Ny, but were driven rapidly back. At the Court-House Wickham's brigade of cavalry was struck in the flank by a gallant charge and scattered in all directions. About 50 prisoners were captured, most of them from Longstreet's corps. A number of our own men and officers who had been captured by the enemy were released. I soon learned that the rebel forces had moved down the Catharpin road and were covering the roads through Spotsylvania Court-House southward, and that a heavy battle was then in progress between them and our troops, moving by Todd's Tavern and Piney Branch Church. McIntosh, however, had swung to the right and attacked the right of the enemy's line in rear, when it was reported to me that a large force of infantry was moving up the road from Snell's Bridge. Fearing McIntosh would in turn be taken in rear, I directed him to withdraw and form behind the Second Brigade, then at the Court-House. Just at this juncture, an officer of General Sheridan's staff arrived with an order countermanding my movement to Spotsylvania Court-House, if I had not already reached it, and in the latter case directing me to withdraw immediately. I learned from this officer that the First and Second Divisions, of the Cavalry Corps, and the Fifth Corps, moving from Todd's Tavern and Piney Branch Church, had encountered the enemy in great force, and that the Ninth Corps had not followed my division, as was intended. I therefore lost no time in withdrawing to a position near Alsop's house. Had the Ninth Corps supported me, as was intended, the bloody battles which followed would at least not have been fought at Spotsylvania Court-House. My division occupied the place at least two hours, and in leaving was not followed by any force of the rebels. That night bivouacked near Alsop's, and early next morning, in pursuance of instructions, marched to the Fredericksburg road, striking it at the Tabernacle Church, and joined the cavalry in the march toward Richmond. Camped that night near Anderson's Bridge on the North Anna River, and at daylight on the 10th, after a sharp skirmish, crossed to the south side, covering the crossing for the Second Di

