
make any effective assault. Burnside had been crossed in the rear of Warren's right wing, but in attacking moved out, and also stretched himself away to the right. The fighting was pretty fair along the whole front. We gained advantages here and there. Burnside carried the exterior line of entrenchments, and took a few prisoners. Smith got very well forward to aid Wright. Barlow drove through a very strong line, and at 5 a.m. reported that he had taken entrenchments with guns and colors, but he could not stay there. An interior work commanded the one he had carried, and his men had to come out of it, leaving behind them the captured cannon, and bringing out a single rebel standard and 220 prisoners as tokens of their brief success. At noon we had fully developed the rebel lines, and could see what was necessary in order to get through them. Hancock reported that in his front it could not be done. Wright was decidedly of opinion that a lodgment could be made in his front, but it would be difficult to make much by it, unless Hancock and Smith could also advance. Smith thought he could carry the work before him, but was not sanguine. Burnside also thought he could get through, but Warren, who was nearest him, did not seem to share his opinion. In this state of things General Grant ordered the attack to be suspended. We hold all the positions gained, except that temporarily occupied by Barlow. Of our losses no returns have yet been made. General Grant estimates the number of killed and wounded at about 3,000. Among the officers killed were Colonel Haskell, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin; Colonel Porter, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery; Colonel Morris, Sixty-sixth New York. Among those wounded are General R. O. Tyler, seriously-will probably lose a foot; Colonel McMahon, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York; Colonel Byrnes, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, probably mortally; Colonel Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania. We have taken from 300 to 400 prisoners. Those of Hancock were mainly from the division of Breckinridge, who is serving under Beauregard. The weather is cool and pleasant. Showers have laid the dust.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLD HARBOR, June 4, 1864-8.30 a.m. (Received 8 p.m.)

About 7 p.m. yesterday the enemy suddenly attacked Smyth's brigade, of Gibbon's division. The battle lasted with great fury for half an hour. The attack was unwaveringly repulsed. Smyth's losses were inconsiderable. At 6 p.m., Wilson with his cavalry fell upon the rear of a brigade of Heth's division, which Lee had thrown far around to his left, apparently with the intention of enveloping Burnside. After a sharp but short conflict Wilson drove them from their rifle-pits in confusion. He took a few prisoners. He had previously fought with and routed Gordon's brigade of rebel cavalry. During these fights he lost several officers-among them Colonel Preston, First Vermont Cavalry, killed; Colonel Benjamin, Eighth New York Cavalry, seriously wounded. General Stannard, serving in the Eighteenth Corps, was severely wounded yesterday. Adjutant-General Williams reports to me that our entire losses in killed,

