
notified General Sheridan of the same. The defenses of Richmond on the Mechanicsville pike approach so near to the Chickahominy as to enable the rebel guns to sweep all of the ground above the river bottom. A sharp skirmish was maintained for several hours with the enemy, and two sorties from their works repelled by my division and that of General Gregg, while the First Division forced a crossing in the face of the rebel cavalry to the north side of the Chickahominy above the Meadow Bridges. This crossing secured, and the enemy driven back, we withdrew to Mechanicsville and continued the march thence to Gaines' house, where we encamped that night.

On the 13th we recrossed the Chickahominy at the Bottom's Bridge and marched thence by the White Oak bridge and Malvern Hill to Haxall's Landing, where we arrived early in the morning of the 14th. After resting, and supplying the command with rations and forage, we returned with the corps by the way of the White House, crossing the Pamunkey River at that place, and rejoined the army on the North Anna River, near Chesterfield Station, the 25th of May.

On the morning of the 26th, while encamped at Coleman's Mill, I was directed by General Sheridan to cross the North Anna at Jericho Mills, and move thence to the south side of Little River for the purpose of making a demonstration upon the enemy's left. Having performed this duty I was directed to recross the North Anna and cover the rear and right flank, and occupy the fords as they were left by the infantry in its march to New Castle Ferry. At 2.30 p. m. I crossed the river and moved to the right flank of the Sixth Corps, then occupying the right of our line. I examined the country for means of crossing Little River, so as to strike well in toward Hanover Junction, but I found the bridges all destroyed and the streams so much swollen that the fords were impracticable. Late in the evening, however, I made a show of crossing at Owen's and Cook's Fords, and after opening with artillery succeeded in throwing a small force of dismounted men across upon a fallen tree, drove in the enemy's pickets, and kept up the appearance of building bridges until late at night. At 11.30 p. m. recrossed to north side of North Anna, at Butler's Bridge, and bivouacked at Canfield's house.

On the 27th, 28th, and 29th conformed to the movement of the infantry, and on the 30th sent Chapman's brigade to the south side of the Pamunkey, at New Castle Ferry, with directions to occupy and hold the line of Crump's Swamp, between the right of the army and the river. The next day, the trains having all joined the army, the First Brigade also crossed. At sunrise I moved with the entire force toward Hanover Court-House, and met the rebel cavalry near Dr. Price's house. After a sharp fight, drove them across Mechump's Creek. Just before dark, having posted pickets on the roads, and opened communication by patrols with the right of the army resting at Phillip's Mill, I received an order from Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff to Major-General Meade, saying "the order for the destruction of the bridges over the South Anna had not been countermanded," and directing me to proceed at once with my division to destroy them and the railroad track, and to continue at the work, moving in the direction of Richmond till I should encounter the enemy in such strength that I could no longer contend with them successfully. This was the first intima

