
tion received that such orders had been issued. As it was peremptory, I directed Colonel McIntosh to get ready to advance at once. The enemy occupied the brow of a ridge on the farther bank of Mechump's Creek, near the Court-House, and covered the only road by which the bridges could be reached. Colonel McIntosh formed a strong line of dismounted skirmishers, composed of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania, Second Ohio, and First Connecticut Cavalry, at close intervals, and held the Second New York in readiness to charge with the saber. The Second Brigade supporting him, the dismounted men moved out after it had become quite dark, pressed forward in the dark, holding their fire till they descended into the creek valley. The ground was cleared of timber, but quite favorable to the enemy. The creek was swampy and almost impassable, but pressing steadily forward over all obstacles, the rebels, ascertained to W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry, were driven in confusion from the field. The conduct of Colonel McIntosh and his brigade in this affair was most admirable. The resolution evinced by the officers and men was all that could be desired. The Court-House was occupied and pickets posted, but the night having been very dark the pursuit could not be continued farther. The rebel cavalry withdrew in the direction of Ashland, 7 miles distant.

At daylight on the 1st of June the march was resumed, McIntosh on the direct Ashland road for the purpose of engaging the enemy, while Chapman's brigade, with one regiment of McIntosh's brigade, was directed to take advantage of McIntosh's movement and proceed by the road up the south bank of the South Anna and destroy the railroad bridges. McIntosh had not proceeded more than 2 miles when he encountered the rebel cavalry, but attacking them with his usual impetuosity, he compelled them to give way rapidly before him. In doing this they withdrew on the side roads toward Richmond, leaving the direct road to Ashland open. Chapman, after skirmishing with the bridge guards, burned both and destroyed several miles of the Virginia Central road. Having thus fully accomplished the work of destroying the bridges, I determined to unite the division on the Telegraph road near Ashland. But the enemy having been re-enforced by Rosser's brigade of cavalry returned toward Ashland, and while McIntosh was engaged in destroying the railroad, attacked him with great determination. Having ascertained the state of affairs at Ashland, I sent the battery attached to Chapman's brigade to Hanover Court-House, under escort of the Third Indiana Cavalry, with orders to hold that place till the division could reach it, and then with Colonel Chapman and the balance of his brigade marched by the Telegraph road to Ashland, 4 miles distant. This road intersecting the road upon which McIntosh marched, a half mile east of Ashland, enabled Chapman to strike the enemy in rear. Arriving in the vicinity of the village, the First Vermont Cavalry was dismounted, and, deployed as skirmishers in the dense forest, pushed forward in the direction of the firing, only a few hundred yards from us, and attacked the rebels with great spirit. By this diversion McIntosh was enabled to withdraw. He marched along the railroad toward the South Anna and intersected the Telegraph road 2 miles in rear of Chapman. The latter continued to press the attack with vigor till he had diverted the attention of the entire rebel force. It was by that time almost night, and having been engaged in almost constant fighting for two

56 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT I

