
days, ammunition was getting scarce. I withdrew with the division, carrying off all the wounded whom the ambulances would accommodate, and leaving the others in the hands of the enemy. Our loss in the two days was about 200 in killed, wounded, and prisoners.

A cursory examination of the maps will show that the operations just described were of a character to severely test the quality of the troops engaged in them. An impassable stream in rear and a force of rebels twice as large in front, without over half the distance to march that we were from the main army in order to strike us in flank, I returned with my command to Dr. Price' house and bivouacked in our old camp.

Early next morning I learned to my surprise from Colonel Morrison, commanding the Third New Jersey Cavalry, whom I had left to patrol between the army and the river, that it had moved to the left in the direction of Cold Harbor. I therefore after waiting for the arrival of Colonel Cesnola's command of detachments, marching from Port Royal to join the army, resumed the march in the same direction, and crossed the Totopotomoy Creek before I could re-establish the connection with the right of the infantry.

It was nearly daylight June 3 before my command, worn and jaded from its exhausting labors, bivouacked at Linney's house. At 10 a. m. I received orders from Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, to cross to the west side of the Totopotomoy, drive the rebel cavalry from Haw's Shop, and then swing to the left again, recross the creek near its source, and attack the left of the rebel infantry line in rear. At 12 o'clock the command marched, struck the enemy's pickets near Haw's Shop, and drove them back to their main force. Parts of both brigades, including the First Vermont, the Fifth New York, and Eighth New York, dismounted and pushed forward, driving the rebel cavalry, also dismounted, over three lines of breast-works in succession. With a small mounted force they were pursued to Mount Carmel Church. The rebels fought stubbornly. The gallant Colonel Preston and Captain Cushman of the First Vermont, were killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin, of the Eighth New York, painfully wounded through the thigh. As soon as the troops could be assembled, McIntosh's brigade was left to hold the position at Haw's Shop, while Chapman marched by P. Norman's house to the Totopotomoy. On arriving at the creek a section of Ransom's battery was placed in position, and a force of about 400 men dismounted and crossed. The rebel infantry were found posted along the brow of the acclivity rising from the creek bottom in a line of rifle-pits near Mrs. Via's house. The Third Indiana Cavalry, Major Patton, and the Second New York, Colonel Harhaus commanding, charged at double-quick. The section of artillery opened at the same time. The rebels after firing a few shots broke and fled, leaving 10 or 15 prisoners in our hands. It was nearly night, and the enemy, supposing his flank to be turned by a strong force, withdrew his left wing under cover of darkness from its menacing position in front of the Ninth Corps. For its gallant conduct the division received the congratulations of General Meade. The operations were hazardous, and although entirely successful, cost us the lives of quite a number of brave officers and men. The command returned that night to the forks of the roads leading to Haw's Shop and Hanover Court-House, and bivouacked so as to watch the country in all directions.

