
On the 4th the division went into camp near New Castle Ferry, picketing from the right of the infantry to the Pamunkey.

On the 6th I sent Chapman's brigade to the neighborhood of Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy, with orders to picket from the left of the army along the Chickahominy as far as Windsor Shades. On the 10th the rebels made a dash on the picket-line of McIntosh's brigade, driving it back to the grand guard at Linney's house. The pickets were soon reposed, and on the next day McIntosh, supported by a brigade of colored troops, drove the rebel pickets back to the neighborhood of Bethesda Church.

In the movement to the James River, my division was assigned to the duty of covering both front and rear of the army, the balance of our cavalry having been sent toward Gordonsville. On the 12th of June I moved my headquarters from Ruffin's house, near the New Castle Ferry, and joined the Second Brigade, near Long Bridge.

Colonel Chapman, to whom I had previously sent instructions, reached the Chickahominy just after dark, expecting to find the bridge ready for him to cross. The officer in charge of the pontoons seemed somewhat timid. General Warren, commanding the Fifth Corps, would give him no assistance. Colonel Chapman was therefore compelled to take the matter in hand. The stream at this place divided into two branches, leaving a small island in the center, and was unfordable. Colonel Chapman dismounted the Twenty-second New York and Third Indiana. The former pushed along the stream to a point about 50 yards above the site of the old bridge, and by the means of fallen trees and overhanging limbs, succeeded in getting across. The Third Indiana, launching a pontoon, pushed across in the face of a sharp fire from the enemy, posted on the south bank of the stream in a line of rifle-pits hastily formed, and dashed at the rebels, driving them in confusion from the works. The Twenty-second New York succeeded in working through the swamp, and gave efficient assistance to the Third Indiana. Nothing could have been more steady and dashing than the conduct of these two regiments. The night was very dark, the difficulties to be overcome by no means trifling, and the enemy's strength entirely uncertain. The whole affair did not require over half an hour; the bridge was soon constructed, and by midnight the entire brigade had crossed. As soon as the head of the Fifth Corps made its appearance, I directed Colonel Chapman to begin his advance. The enemy's cavalry pickets were soon encountered, but were driven rapidly back in the direction of White Oak bridge. The brigade arrived at this place by 7 a. m., but finding the enemy with six guns strongly posted in the old works, on the north side of White Oak Swamp, it was not thought advisable to cross. Fitzhugh's battery was placed in position, and opened a heavy fire on the enemy. Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps, coming up, took position to hold the White Oak crossing, while Chapman pushed on toward Riddle's Shop, in the direction of Richmond. He soon encountered the enemy's cavalry in force, but drove them in confusion beyond Riddle's Shop. Having by this success reached the junction of the various roads leading to Richmond, between Malvern Hill and White Oak Swamp, I directed him to halt and watch closely the enemy's movements.

General Lee having discovered the withdrawal of our army from the neighborhood of Cold Harbor by daylight of the 13th, immediately began crossing the Chickahominy by the various bridges in his rear, and marched through the country toward the head of

