
White Oak Swamp and Riddle's Shop. By 2 p. m. this movement became apparent. The rebel cavalry attacked Chapman about 4 p. m., but were repulsed. At 6 p. m. a heavy line of infantry with artillery moved against him, and compelled his troops to give way. The rebels did not press their advantage, and soon after dark Crawford's division retired in the direction of Charles City Court-House to join the main army. About 9 p. m. a few prisoners were brought in from Wilcox's division, from whom I learned that the rebel infantry had been busily engaged after crossing White Oak Swamp in constructing intrenchments to resist the farther approach of the national army toward Richmond. Everything having become quiet at 11 p. m. I directed Colonel Chapman to withdraw in the direction of Saint Mary's Church, on the Charles City Court-House road, and from that point picket the roads toward White Oak Swamp and Richmond. He arrived at Nancy's Shop, near Saint Mary's Church, at 2 a. m., and bivouacked. At daylight the brigade continued the march, by the way of Phillips' house, to Westover Church, where it received supplies. In the afternoon the rebel cavalry made a dash at Chapman's pickets on the road to Saint Mary's Church, but were driven back by the Twenty-second New York. Late in the evening he moved the brigade to Phillips' house, with orders to open communication with the First Brigade, and keep a sharp lookout for the enemy.

From the evening of June 12 till 2 a. m. of the 14th McIntosh's brigade covered the rear of the army, crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and on the afternoon of the 14th reached Charles City Court-House. His brigade was immediately ordered to Saint Mary's Church, and returned in that direction, driving the enemy's cavalry before it. On the 15th and 16th both brigades were kept unceasingly active in making demonstrations from Phillips' house and Saint Mary's Church upon the enemy between White Oak Swamp and Malvern Hill. From prisoners taken it was learned that Lee had also begun crossing his army by Drewry's Bluff and Richmond to the south side of the James.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division.

Numbers 211. Report of Captain Louis Siebert, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations of the Third Division, May 3 - 9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,December 20, 1864.

GENERAL: Colonel Purington mentioned to me this p. m. your desire to have some data and information of the doings of this division at the commencement of the campaign last spring up to the time of our starting on the great raid. In the absence of any other records I have the honor to send you extracts from my own notebook, as follows:

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

