
On the night of the 3rd May, 1864, broke camp at Stevensburg and crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at early dawn.

May 4, marched as the advance of the army as far as Parker's Store without opposition; bivouacked for the night.

May 5, marched early to Craig's Meeting-House. Came upon the enemy's advance there; heavy engagement during the day; the enemy, re-enforced by infantry, compelled us to fall back to Todd's Tavern, the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, covering the rear, being at one time cut off from the command by the enemy's cavalry on the Catharpin road, but succeeded in making their way through. A part of the division in conjunction with General Gregg's division were engaged until dark. The Fifth New York Cavalry having been left on picket at Parker's Store received the first shock of the enemy's infantry, then advancing in force on the plank road; they fought successfully for five hours, losing many killed and wounded, and were finally relieved by our infantry under Brigadier-General Getty.

May 6 and 7, on extreme left of the army, watching the enemy's movements.

May 8, started on a reconnaissance to Spotsylvania Court-House, drove the rebel cavalry through the place, capturing many prisoners; came upon Longstreet's men, attacked them, but toward dark withdrew and bivouacked near Alsop's.

May 9, marched with the Cavalry Corps to North Anna and bivouacked, &amp; c.

If the above should be of service to you, general, it will give me much pleasure.

I have the honor to be, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army of the Shenandoah.

Numbers 212. Reports of Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, including operations May 5 - June 22.

ON THE PLANK ROAD,

ABOUT 3 MILES FROM PARKER'S STORE,

May 5, 1864 - 11 a. m.

GENERAL: I met this morning a picket force of about 400 cavalry stationed at Parker's Store. They had orders to remain and hold the place until the infantry came up. After a gallant resistance, and when all their ammunition was expended, they were forced back by heavily superior numbers. I have remained with them. We are now formed at the junction of the Parker's Store road and the Chancellorsville road without ammunition. We want a strong infantry force, and I understand General Crawford is on my right. As yet he has given no help. He should extend his line at once across the Parker's Store road.

J. B. MCINTOSH,

Colonel.

General WILLIAMS.

