HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the 5th [6th] of May, the day I joined the brigade, until the morning of the 22nd of June, when we commenced the raid on the South Side and Danville railroads, of which last operation a full report has been made:

It is proper for me to here to state that I proceeded from Major-General Sheridan's headquarters on the morning of the 4th [5th] instant [May] to join this brigade, to which I had been assigned that morning. That about 7 or 8 o'clock I met the Fifth New York Cavalry on picket at Parker's Store, under command of Lieutenant Colonel John Hammond, having been left there with orders to remain until relieved by the infantry, which was expected up that morning. The Fifth New Yorks was engaged skirmishing with the enemy when I arrived on the ground. Finding it impossible to join my brigade, which had gone on toward Craig's Meeting-House, I remained with the Fifth New York Cavalry, and exercised a general supervision over its movements. After being on the ground some time, I ascertained that the force we were engaging was an infantry force, and of such strength that it was useless to attempt anything against them with a mounted force, as the country was densely wooded and only roads running through it. I therefore advised Colonel Hammond to dismount his whole regiment and send his horses to the rear. In order to prevent being outflanked in the woods it became necessary to put the whole regiment in on the skirmish line. In this manner they skirmished, keeping the enemy back for three hours, until, overcome by vastly superior numbers, they were forced back to nearly the Brock road.

Information had in the mean time been sent to Major-General Meade of the state of affairs, when General Getty's division, of the Sixth Corps, came up and relieved the Fifth New York, who in turn soon became warmly engaged. The report of the casualties of the Fifth New York in this affair has already been sent up. The regiment did itself great credit and sustained its high reputation. During the day of the 5th [6th] of May the brigade went into camp near Chancellorsville, and I there joined it, relieving Colonel Bryan, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and the same day marched to Piney Branch Church via Alrich's, where we remained picketing the roads and country until relieved by the Second Brigade, of the Second Cavalry Division, when the brigade was marched back to Chancellorsville and bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 6th [7th] instant I was ordered with my brigade to the right of the army and on the right of the Sixth Corps, to determine whether the enemy held the Germanna plank road toward Germanna Ford. Finding the road clear and in our possession to the ford, I reported the fact to Major-General Meade, when I was relieved and ordered to join the division on the left of the army.

On the morning of the 7th [8th] the brigade moved from Tabernacle Church, on the Fredericksburg road, and uniting with the Second Brigade, near Alsop's, moved to Spotsylvania Court-House, where we met the enemy and drove him from the town, which we held for two hours, capturing some 60 prisoners and bringing off 42; the balance being wounded, were left in the hospital. The most of the prisoners belonged to Longstreet's corps. While this brigade was actively pursuing the foe and capturing prisoners every moment,

