
it was recalled in consequence of a formidable advance of the enemy's infantry on the road leading into Spotsylvania Court-House from the Block house. The division then retired to Alsop's, where it remained encamped until we started for the raid around Richmond, which commenced on the morning of the 8th [9th] of May at 5 a. m. On the morning of the 9th [10th] the enemy, who had succeeded in coming up with us at the North Anna, commenced shelling our camp. This brigade was immediately deployed and drove back the enemy's skirmishers and covered the crossing of the North Anna. The brigade moving with the division, crossed the South Anna at Ground Squirrel Bridge on the afternoon of the 10th of May, and went into camp.

Nothing further of importance occurred until the action near Yellow Tavern, where only our flankers became slightly engaged. At 9 p. m. on the 11th instant [May] the division moved in advance of the corps, this brigade in rear of the Second Brigade, when at daybreak on the morning of the 12th of May the Second Brigade became engaged with the enemy, who were strongly posted in earth-works thrown up across the road. The Second Brigade immediately formed in line of battle, and Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery, attached to this brigade, opened on the enemy, when a lively cannonade ensued. Finding it impossible to drive the enemy from his position, my brigade was ordered to withdraw and form on Strawberry Hill, and to connect, if possible, with the Second Division. After forming my brigade on the outside edge of the woods on Strawberry Hill, and about 500 or 600 yards from the enemy's breast-works, I was ordered to hold my position, but the enemy soon after, about midday, having been re-enforced, made a determined advance on my position. I at once applied to Brigadier-General Wilson for help from the Second Brigade, as I was too weak to repel the attack, my brigade at that time numbering about 700 effective men.

In consequence of not receiving the help I asked, I was driven from my position and obliged to fall back behind a knoll, where, being covered by Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery, the enemy were checked and finally driven back, being unable to hold the thin skirt of woods which were immediately under the guns of Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery, and which were worked with remarkable precision. In the mean time the bridge over the Chickahominy being carried by the First Division, we retired and marched to Mechanicsville and relieved Colonel Gibbs on the Pole Green road, who was then engaged with one brigade of the enemy's cavalry. We skirmished until dark, and about 10 o'clock retired cautiously, covering the flank of the corps; moved toward Gaines' Mill and camped at Hogan's house.

May 13, left Hogan's house at daybreak, then moved toward Scott's Depot, and camped on the New Kent Court-House road near the railroad depot and near Bottom's Bridge. At 4 a. m. of the 14th May moved toward New Kent Court-House, halted, then countermarched, and crossed the Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge and moved on toward Malvern Hill by way of White Oak Swamp and Glendale farm. In the afternoon we moved down to Haxall's Landing and went into camp. On the 15th and 16th were busy receiving supplies. At 8 p. m. of the 17th May we broke camp and marched for Jones' Bridge, which we crossed at daylight of the 18th.

May 18, at 2 p. m. of the same day we moved toward Baltimore Cross-Roads and camped at Olivet Church. At 5 a. m. of the 19th

