
May we marched to Baltimore Cross-Roads, where we halted for the rest of the day and night. At 6 a. m. of the 20th we marched toward Cold Harbor and camped within 3 miles of that place, sending out two regiments on picket.

At 3 a. m. May 22 left camp near Dr. Tyler's house and marched to the White House, arriving at 9 a. m. Here we received supplies and went into camp. At 5 a. m. of the 23rd May we broke camp and crossed the Pamunkey on the railroad bridge and then moved briskly toward the Mattapony, camping for the night at Dunkirk (Elliotsville) and picketing the Richmond and New Castle roads. 5 a. m., May 24, moved toward Aylett's, then marched west in the direction of Hanover Court-House, passed Concord Church, and went into camp near Reedy Swamp Creek and White Chimney, picketing the Hanover Junction road. On the morning of the 25th of May we broke camp, passed by Chesterfield Station, and after having rejoined the army went into camp at Coleman's Mill. At 5 a. m., 26th May, left the milldam and moved to the left of the army, crossed the North Anna at Jericho Mills, and marched to Little River. There my brigade went into position and made a demonstration on the enemy's lines. At midnight we fell back, recrossed the North Anna at Butler's Bridge, and about 4 a. m. on the 27th bivouacked near the river. At this point the Fifth New York Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond, rejoined the brigade. Early on the morning of the 27th May we moved to Carmel Church, then brought up the rear of the Second, Ninth, and Fifth Army Corps, and went into camp near Chesterfield Station.

On the 28th May we marched to Mangohick Church by way of Betlehem Church. The Third New Jersey Cavalry, Colonel A. J. Morrison, reported to my brigade on this day. On the following day we pushed onto Price's Creek. Here we halted to allow the wagon trains of the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Army Corps to pass; here, too, Lieutenant-Colonel Purington, commanding Second Ohio Cavalry, reported with his command to my brigade.

Early on the morning of the 31st we moved toward Crump's Creek, crossing the Pamunkey at Hanovertown, met the enemy, and drove him after a brisk skirmish. The division then halted and went into position opposite Winston's house. In the afternoon we advanced, the enemy appearing in force. I dismounted my brigade, forced a passage over the bridge, and after a brisk fight drove the enemy from the field and occupied Hanover Court-House, where we halted for the night.

At daybreak of the 1st of June one regiment of my brigade, supported by Colonel Chapman's brigade, was sent to destroy the railroad bridge over the Pamunkey; this was effectually done, while I with three regiments of my brigade, the Fifth New York, Second Ohio, and First Connecticut, pushed on to Ashland. We skirmished with the enemy all the time of our advance. At Ashland we were engaged destroying the railroad, when we were attacked by two divisions of the enemy's cavalry, when a fierce fight ensued. After three hours' successful resistance against so superior a force, I withdrew with the three regiments of my command, and retiring down the railroad rejoined the Second Brigade. Both brigades then fell back to Winston's house, and bivouacked for the night. The report of casualties during this engagement has already been forwarded. On the morning of June 3 we met the enemy near Haw's Shop and succeeded in driving him from his rifle-pits. On the morning of the

