
6th of June my brigade crossed the Totopotomoy, and went into camp at Old Church, having two regiments picketing from the right of our infantry line at Allen's Mill to the Pamunkey. About 10 o'clock of the 10th June the enemy attacked and drove in our pickets, but was quickly repulsed. The next morning at 2.30 I was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the Richmond and Shady Grove roads.

I was supported by two regiments of colored troops. On arriving at the junction of the Shady Grove and Richmond roads, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, with the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and Second Ohio Cavalry, up the Shady Grove road, while I proceeded down the Richmond road with the Fifth New York and Second New York, driving the enemy's skirmishers before me, and capturing 1 of them. We drove the enemy till we came upon their camp, which proved to be the left of Longstreet's corps, encamped behind earth-works, now swarming with men. I then withdrew to Old Church, after having been joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton.

Here several detachments of the First and Second Divisions reported to me for duty during the absence of their commands with Major-General Sheridan. All night of June 12, and all day June 13, my brigade covered the rear of the army, and crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge. At 2.30 a. m. of the 14th, we bivouacked at Ware's house on the road to Wilcox's Landing.

On the 14th June we proceeded to Charles City Court-House. Here I received orders to countermarch to Saint Mary's Church, which I did, skirmishing with the enemy the entire distance, and driving him before me. At daylight of the 15th moved forward to Smith's Store, where we met the enemy's pickets. About 12 o'clock we became hotly engaged with him, the fight lasting for three hours. The enemy being re-enforced, I withdrew the brigade to Saint Mary's Church, where we bivouacked for the night. The next day, June 16, was spent in entrenching my position, but at dark received orders to march to the pontoon bridge across the James, which we did, crossing the river on the morning of the 17th, and went into camp about 2 miles from Prince George Court-House on the morning of the 18th.

Here the brigade remained encamped till the 22nd of June, when it started on the expedition against the South Side and Danville railroads. A full report of the operations of the brigade on that expedition has already been forwarded.

In closing this report, it is due to me to say that my personal baggage having been captured on the expedition against the Danville railroad, all the data which I had to base my report upon were lost. Having communicated that fact to the brigadier-general commanding the division in an official communication, I was ordered to make out the report, basing as many facts as possible from memory. On this account this report is not as detailed as I should like, but it is submitted as it is, believing it to be as near correct as I can make it.

Very respectfully,

J. B. MCINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

