
Numbers 213. Report of Major George O. Marcy, First Connecticut Cavalry, of operations June 1 - 10.
HDQRS. FIRST CONNECTICUT CAVALRY, July 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Connecticut Cavalry from June 1, 1864, to July 3, 1864, during which time I was in command of the regiment:

On the 1st of June Lieutenant-Colonel Blakeslee, then commanding the regiment, being wounded, I assumed command on the night of the 1st, and marched the regiment in rear of a battery of the Third U. S. Artillery, from Ashland to Hanover Court-House, arriving at the latter place at about 11 o'clock of same night. In the morning, June 2, the regiment was ordered out on picket, and held a picket-line in the edge of the woods, the right resting on the road leading to Hanover Court-House, and left on the railroad. The picket-line being east of the town was recalled about sundown, June 2, and ordered to join the brigade, about a mile back. The regiment marched with the brigade the same night to Linney's house, at junction of roads leading to White House Landing and Cold Harbor. On the morning of June 3 we marched to the vicinity of Haw's Store, and did picket duty for a day or two. At or about June 7, we went into camp near Ruffin's house, on the banks of the Pamunkey River. The regiment was immediately detailed for picket duty. I established and held a line, the right of which rested at Butler's house, on Cold Harbor road, the left connecting with the infantry picket of the Ninth Army Corps. I held this line for forty-eight hours. On or about the 10th day of June I was ordered with the regiment on picket duty. One squadron, commanded by Captain Joseph Backus, was ordered to report to Colonel Brinton, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania, and while in command of a reserve post near Linney's house, the post was attacked by a body of the enemy's cavalry, and Captain Backus killed. Six men, belonging to Companies K and E, were reported missing. On or about the night of the 12th of June the regiment marched with the brigade from its encampment near Ruffin's house to the junction of Cold Harbor and Old Church roads.*

GEO. O. MARCY,Major, Commanding First Connecticut Cav.

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., Cav. Corps.

Numbers 214. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Suydam, Third New Jersey Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,

Near Light-House Point, Va., July 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment during the present campaign, from May 4, 1864, to the present date:

On May 4, 1864, the regiment being then attached to the Ninth Army Corps, lay in camp at Bristoe Station all day under orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

