
At 2 a. m. of the 5th, in pursuance of orders, we broke camp and marched by way of Rappahannock Station to the Rapidan, which we crossed at Germanna Ford in the afternoon of the same day, and went into camp about 2 miles south of the river on the main road.

At 1 a. m. of the 6th of May we broke camp, recrossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, taking position on the north bank of the river and picketing and scouting the country toward Culpeper, Stevensburg, and Richardsville, and up and down the Rapidan. On the afternoon of the 7th moved to Ely's Ford, thence to Richards' Ford, where we crossed; thence to United States Ford. During these movements the scouting parties of the enemy were frequently met, and the regiment suffered a loss of 1 sergeant and 5 men taken prisoners at Stevensburg. On the morning of the 8th we moved to Chancellorsville; thence to Zion Church, where we reported to Brigadier-General Ferrero, commanding Fourth division, Ninth Army Corps. From that date the regiment was on duty picketing toward the Wilderness and at United States and Banks' Fords, covering the rear and right flank of the army operating in front of Spotsylvania Court-House. This duty was performed in company with the Fifth New York and Second Ohio Cavalry. The casualties were not numerous. On the 22nd May the regiment moved with the troops of Brigadier-General Ferrero's command to near Guiney's Station.

On the 23rd marched to a point 2 miles south of Bowling Green, and on the 24th to Wright's Tavern, having crossed the Mattapony near Milford Station. From the time of leaving Zion Church until relieved from duty with the Ninth Army Corps the regiment was engaged in assisting General Ferrero in covering the movements of the trains of the army, and in efforts to check the lawless outrages of stragglers in the rear of the main body of troops. On May 27 relieved from duty with Ninth Army Corps and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Wilson, commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps. Marched same day and encamped near Concord Church (or Chesterfield Station). Reported that evening to General Wilson and assigned by him to First Brigade, Colonel J. B. McIntosh commanding.

Marched May 28 to Mangohick Church. Marched May 29 to near Dabney's Ferry. May 30, went on picket toward Taylor's Ford. May 31, moved to Price's house.

June 1 and 2, the division having gone to Atlee's Station, the regiment and the Eighth New York remained near Hanover Court-House, covering the rear of the division, keeping up connection with the right of the army and tearing up a portion of the Virginia Central Railroad. During the night of June 2 moved with the division on the road toward Old Church and encamped beyond the Totopotomoy Creek.

June 3, recrossed the Totopotomoy and moved to near Talley's house, where the regiment supported a battery in the engagement which the division had with the enemy. After the engagement went into camp near Talley's and remained there during the 3rd, 4th, and 5th.

On the 6th moved to near Old Church Tavern. Remained in camp 7th.

June 8, went on picket and remained on picket during the 9th and part of the 10th. On the evening of the 12th the regiment moved, covering the movements of the army to James River, and

