
crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge in the afternoon of the 13th; went into camp on the night of the 13th at Charles City Cross-Roads.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER,

A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 215. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Hammond, Fifth New York Cavalry, of operations May 17.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Near Smith's Mill, on the Ny, May 17, 1864 - evening.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from general headquarters I reconnoitered as follows:

Toward Guiney's Station I, myself, led two battalions of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania to within a mile of the station, driving the enemy, when, becoming convinced that the force in front was about a brigade of cavalry and too strong for me, I withdrew. Major White, of the Fifth New York Cavalry, with two battalions of that regiment, crossed the Ny at Smith's Mill and pushed the enemy (cavalry and a section of artillery) to the south bank of the Po, where they were strongly intrenched, losing a captain and 10 or 15 men, and then withdrew. The cavalry brought me by Lieutenant-Colonel Chamberlain I did not deem it prudent to use, as it is composed of fragments of so many different regiments. Lieutenant French has just reported with his horse battery.

I am, very respectfully,

J. HAMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 216. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George A. Purington, Second Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Light-House Point, Va., July 24, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 13, dated headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps, July 24, 1864, calling for detailed account of operations of this regiment since the commencement of the present campaign or since May 4, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following:

May 3, I reported with my command to General A. E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps, at Warrenton Junction, Va.

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

