
all the way, by forming alternate lines wherever the ground would admit it. On reaching Alrich's he found that infantry had come to his support, when, by order of General Ferrero, he again advanced toward Piney Creek Church, coming upon the enemy's rear several times. At 4 p. m. he re-established his picket at Piney Creek Church. Our loss in this affair was 4 men wounded and 18 horses killed and wounded. We remained here on picket till May 19, when heavy firing on the right and rear of our army was heard, and we were ordered to make a demonstration against the enemy's flank. We moved out on the Old Tavern road and met the enemy, some 3 miles west of Chancellorsville, hotly engaged with our heavy artillery, who were guarding our train. Immediately formed dismounted line and advanced upon their left flank and rear. After considerable firing, in which we lost only 1 man wounded, the enemy fell back, we not pursuing. It was ascertained that this was part of General Ewell's corps.

May 20, on picket at Piney Creek Church.

May 21, during the night a patrol from Company e was ambushed on the United States Ford road and 4 men killed or captured.

May 22, broke camp and marched to Guiney's Station, on Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad.

May 23, marched to Bowling Green. Marched to Milford, where we remained till Friday, May 27, when we marched to Newtown, where we captured a rebel commissary train of nine wagons loaded with corn, flour, bacon, beans, &amp; c., also 2 prisoners.

May 28, received orders to report to Brigadier-General Wilson, Third Division, Cavalry Corps. Leaving Newtown at 4 a. m. May 29 marched to join General Wilson, and reported to him on Pamunkey River near Hanovertown and near by him and assigned to First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

May 30, went into camp on south bank of Pamunkey River.

May 31, received orders to march. At about 9 a. m. met the enemy at cross-roads near Hanover Court-House, drove in their pickets, and was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the Richmond road. Had not proceeded far before we met the enemy in strong force; dismounted, deployed the regiment and formed on the left of the road in the woods, charged through, and drove the enemy over an open field beyond, they stubbornly contesting the ground and slowly falling back along the railroad on Hanover Court-House. This position the enemy retained until sundown, at which time a charge was ordered, to feel their strength or dislodge them. This regiment was formed in an open field on both sides of the road, the First Battalion, under Major Seward, supporting one battalion of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, deployed as skirmishers on the right. The Third Battalion, Second Ohio Cavalry, supported by the Second Battalion, commanded by Major Nettleton, was deployed on the left of the road. We moved forward, under a heavy fire of shot and shell, until within 600 yards of the top of the hill, where the enemy were posted behind breast-works of rails, and at this period a general charge was ordered, and the skirmish line, being re-enforced by the reserve, dashed forward with a shout and a yell, carrying everything before them. As we gained the crest of the hill our ammunition failed, and in some parts of the line the enemy were actually driven from their position with stones and clubs. Our loss was 25 killed and wounded. This battle, for the number engaged, and taking into consideration the nature of the ground

