
over which it was fought, as it was composed of creeks and swamps, through which the men had to wade waist deep, and the superiority of the enemy's force (at least 3 to 1), was the severest I ever witnessed, and only evinces what Yankee cavalry soldiers can accomplish when determined to win.

We remained in line of battle and slept on our arms that night and at daybreak June 1 skirmishers were thrown out and found the enemy about a mile on the Ashland road. The Fifth New York Cavalry dismounted and drove them about 9 miles to Ashland Station, where we arrived about 12 m. I was ordered to form my regiment in open column, dismount, and tear up the railroad track, but had hardly time to dismount two companies before heavy firing was heard in our rear. I was then ordered to send two squadrons down the road toward Hanover Court-House to clear it. Squadron D, under command of Lieutenant Cowdery, advanced, but had hardly entered the timber before he met the enemy and received a terrible volley, which checked and caused him to fall back. Being supported by troops from other regiments they again advanced and cleared the woods. I immediately formed the whole of my regiment in line, the right resting on the right of the road and the left extending round to the road known as the Telegraph road. We had hardly established this line and erected some temporary barricades when the enemy with a yell came charging on us. The men fought nobly, but with a line so extended, which was necessary to prevent being flanked, we could not long maintain our position, but had to fall back slowly, disputing every inch of the ground till we came to the buildings near the railroad, which I ordered the meant to occupy. At this stage of the fight our artillery opened, and the enemy's fire slacking we again advanced and occupied the timber. This we held until I received orders to take 200 men and escort the artillery off the field. After seeing the artillery well under way I took Squadron F and formed a line on the edge of the town for the purpose of protecting our dismounted men, where I remained until the enemy entered on the opposite side, when we were driven off by their shell and infantry fire. We then fell back with the rest of the troops to Price's house, near Hanover Court-House, where we arrived at midnight, tired and worn out, having had nothing to eat in twenty-four hours. Our loss this day was 45 men; and here allow me to call your attention to the necessity of having some organized system of ordnance sergeants or men detailed, whose duty it shall be to keep cavalry commands well supplied with ammunition during engagements. Men armed with the breech-loading weapon will necessarily fire a greater number of rounds than those armed with a muzzle-loading piece, and it is utterly impossible for a cavalry man to carry more than from 60 to 80 rounds upon his person, and when dismounted and away from his horse this supply can be easily exhausted in a few hours' firing. In this case my regiment expended its ammunition in the battle of May 31. At daylight details were sent to train, but no ammunition of that caliber (Numbers . 54) could be obtained. Captain Weeks, in command of detail, with great promptness immediately started for our own train, some 9 miles distant, to obtain a supply, making trip back to Hanover Court-House, thence to Ashland, 27 miles, each man loaded with 85 pounds ammunition, in less than one half day, and even then hardly arrived in time, as three boxes were captured by the enemy before we could issue it to the men. And I feel warranted in saying that had this ammunition not arrived, and

