
with our already too small force weakened by the withdrawal of my regiment, the consummate bravery of the brigade could not have prevented serious disaster.

June 2, we marched at dark, and arrived at Old Tavern June 3, at 3 a. m., where we halted till daylight, when we marched to Haw's Shop, where we remained all day supporting the cavalry batteries.

June 4, in the morning we relieved the Second New York Cavalry on picket, but hardly had our line established when a regiment of the enemy's cavalry charged that portion of our line held by Company A, commanded by Captain A. N. Bernard, but were handsomely repulsed. One man captured. Here we remained till June 6, when we were relieved by the Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

June 6, marched to camp on Ruffin's farm, near Old Salem Church, where we remained till June 11, when we went on reconnaissance toward Shady Grove Church, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and his regiment met the enemy's pickets and drove them about 4 miles, when we encountered their infantry behind breast-works. Fell back and went into old camp, where we remained till June 12, when we were ordered to bring up the rear of the army, then crossing the Chickahominy.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. A. PURINGTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Ohio Vet. Vol. Cav., Commanding Regiment

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 217. Report of Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS.

July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from May 3 to July 1, 1864:

At midnight on the night of the 3rd of May, in compliance with orders, the brigade broke camp at Stevensburg, and crossing to the plank road, moved to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River. Arriving there I made dispositions of my command to force a crossing should the enemy offer opposition, and at early dawn my brigade moved rapidly across the river, meeting with no resistance, and massed on the plank road, 2 or 3 miles from the river. After a short halt, proceeded up the plank road to Old Wilderness Tavern, and from thence to Parker's Store by a country road, where we bivouacked and threw out strong pickets on all approaches. During the march nothing was seen of the enemy save a small mounted force, which retreated rapidly before our advance. Marched early on the morning of the 5th with division, this brigade in advance, to Craig's Church, on the Catharpin road, which point was reached about 11 a. m. I sent a battalion of the First Vermont Cavalry forward on the Catharpin road, with instructions to picket and patrol the road well toward

---------------

* For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

