
Mine Run, but when they had proceeded less than a mile their advance was attacked by the enemy and driven rapidly back on the main body. I immediately re-enforced this battalion, and the country being densely timbered on both sides the road, and the enemy dismounted, I soon dismounted the greater part of my brigade, and drove the enemy steadily back a distance of 2 miles, he contesting hard every inch of the ground. Reaching a ravine, I was ordered not to proceed farther, being then several miles in advance of the First Brigade, but to hold the road at the point I had reached with a strong picket force, and get the rest of my command together and mounted in a field, a half mile to the rear of the advance position. These instructions were carried out, the Third Indiana Cavalry being held in line of battle, dismounted, along the ravine. I remained myself with this regiment. Subsequently - an hour, I should judge - it was reported to me from the line of skirmishers thrown forward in the pines that the enemy had strongly re-enforced his line, and was making preparations to advance. This report was soon verified, the enemy coming on in strong force, before which the Third Indiana Cavalry was compelled to fall back. I again was obliged to put in my entire force, which was still much inferior to the enemy, and continued to fall back. The confusion occasioned by getting a large number of led horses hastily back on one road was communicated to the men, and caused the men to break badly, of which the enemy was not slow to take advantage. We were driven back behind a line of battle formed by a part of First Brigade, and subsequently retired to Todd's Tavern. In the middle of the night I moved my command to a point on the Brock road, 1 1/2 miles north of Todd's Tavern, and sent out pickets on the various roads. At 3 a. m. took the road to Piney Branch Church, where the division took position. Subsequently marched with division to Chancellorsville and bivouacked. On morning of 7th, having supplied the command with rations, in pursuance of orders, I moved to Alrich's, on Fredericksburg plank road, and relieved General Merritt's brigade, of First Cavalry Division, doing picket duty at that point. Later in the day my brigade was relieved by General Davies' brigade, of Second Cavalry Division. Reconnoitered to Alsop's, on Spotsylvania Court-House road, without developing anything, and returned to Alrich's and encamped for the night. Moved with the division on the morning of the 8th of May to Spotsylvania Court-House, the First Brigade being in advance. At the Court-House formed line of battle in support of the First Brigade, which was warmly engaged with the enemy. Retired, bringing up rear of division (the enemy not following) to Alsop's. Marched the morning of the 9th, at 5 o'clock, with division in light order, and joining the other divisions of the Cavalry Corps at the plank road, proceeded by the road to Hamilton's Crossing, as far as Fredericksburg and Richmond Telegraph road; thence via Stanard's Mill, Thornburg, and Chilesburg, to the crossing of the North Anna River, near Beaver Dam Station, where the brigade bivouacked on north bank of the river. Nothing of importance occurred during the day's march, save the exchange of a few shots between the flankers and small parties of the enemy, and the capture of a rebel captain. Early on the morning of the 10th the enemy began shelling our camps, but at 8 a. m. the brigade crossed the river without molestation or damage. March to-day was without event. Crossed the South Anna River at Ground Squirrel Bridge, and encamped near the river.

57 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT I

