
Again, on the morning of the 11th, the enemy shelled our camps, and in getting in column of route one battalion of Eighth New York Cavalry, Major C. Moore commanding, became engaged with the enemy and lost several men, but successfully checked a charge made upon the rear of the Second Division. Being relieved by a regiment from the Second Division, the battalion soon after rejoined the brigade. Having crossed the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, I received orders to go forward and assist General Custer in driving back the enemy from our front. I found General Custer near the Brook turnpike, not actively engaged at the time I joined him. Dismounting the Third Indiana and Eighth New York I formed them in line of battle on the left of the dismounted men of General Custer's brigade, holding the First Vermont in reserve, mounted. Dispositions being completed the order to move forward was given, and the line advancing into the thick pine woods soon became warmly engaged. As our men advanced the enemy opened with very accurate artillery fire, and having surveyed the ground, General Custer proposed if I would place a regiment (the First Vermont) at his disposal, he would charge the battery, to which I acceded. The charge was made by the First Vermont and a regiment of General Custer's brigade, myself accompanying the First Vermont. In this charge two pieces of artillery, and a number of prisoners were captured by General Custer, and the enemy were driven back a considerable distance in much confusion. Not being ordered to follow the enemy up, the command was halted, and at dark massed near the Brook turnpike. The loss of my brigade in this engagement, which was considerable, has already been reported.

At 10 p. m. again resumed the march, my brigade in advance, under orders to move to Fair Oaks Station. Crossing to the Meadow Bridge road we succeeded in finding a man - a resident - willing to guide the column to the Mechanicsville pike. Taking a farm road running along through the outer fortifications of Richmond, we reached the Mechanicsville pike shortly before daybreak, at a point about 3 1/2 miles distant from the city. A mile before reaching the pike a small mounted picket had discovered our approach and retreated rapidly toward the city. At the pike the brigade was massed in a field bordering the road to await information in regard to roads, when we were suddenly opened upon by artillery and musketry, causing a temporary confusion. I caused the command to be rapidly dismounted, to fight on foot, and the horses to be placed under cover. Continued to hold this position until daylight, when it was discovered that the enemy held a strong line of earth-works a short distance in our front, and I withdrew my brigade to a better position, along the line of the Virginia Central Railroad, with the First Brigade on the right. About 11 o'clock a force of the enemy's infantry came out of their works and attacked my brigade, but were driven back with ease. At 2 p. m. my brigade crossed the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridge, and, after a halt of a couple of hours, marched to Mechanicsville. Here a brief halt was ordered, after which we again resumed the march, and received orders to proceed to Gaines' house. Being misled by a guide, it was near midnight when my command reached the last-named place and bivouacked.

On the 13th marched to Bottom's Bridge, and on the 14th to Malvern Hill, nothing of importance occurring on either day; on the 15th to near Haxall's Landing, on the James River, and went into camp; received supplies. Remained in camp at Haxall's until 9

