
p. m. on the evening of the 17th of May, when the brigade marched with division. Were on the road all night, and at 8 a. m. crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge. After a short halt marched to Mount Olive Church and bivouacked. On the 19th moved to near Baltimore Store and went into camp. Made details for picket duty. Marched on the 20th with division, via Tunstall's Station, to near Tyler's, on the Cold Harbor road, and encamped. Remained at this point until the morning of the 22nd, when the command moved to the White House. Nothing of importance occurred during these days. The following day (the 23d) the brigade crossed the Pamunkey River on the railroad bridge, bringing up the rear of the corps. My entire command was over by 1 p. m. In pursuance of orders, I detailed a squadron of the Third Indiana Cavalry, Captain Moffitt commanding, to destroy the bridge by throwing off the covering which work was effectually accomplished. Marched by way of King William Court-House to Aylett's, and halted for the night. On the 24th the command marched to Reedy Swamp, on Richmond and Bowling Green road. The next day marched via Chesterfield to [Coleman's] Mill, on Pole Cat Creek, and encamped.

Received marching orders on the morning of the 26th, and, after receiving a supply of forage, the command marched, crossing the North Anna, and demonstrating on the right of our army to cover its movement. At 11 p. m. recrossed the North Anna River at Butler's Bridge, and halted for the remainder of the night. While the demonstration was being made along Little River, which was mainly performed by the First Brigade of the division, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin to take his regiment, the Eighth New York, and destroy as much of the track of the Virginia Central as he could before the command should retire across the North Anna. He accomplished considerable, doing the work very well. This was at Hewlett's Station.

On the 27th of May the brigade moved with the division to Chesterfield, marching slowly, making halts at different points, relieving the infantry at the various crossings on the North Anna, and covering the rear of the army in its movement. The command (marching with the division) continued to cover the rear of the army on the 28th and 29th instant [May], bivouacking on the first night at Mangohick Church and the second night about 2 1/2 miles from Hanovertown. No event of importance occurred to mark these days.

In pursuance of orders, on the afternoon of the 30th, I moved my command to Crump's Swamp, on south side of the Pamunkey River, and sent the Third Indiana Cavalry forward a couple of miles on the road to Hanover Court-House. They came upon a force of the enemy's cavalry and skirmished with them until dark. Encamped on Crump's Swamp, with heavy picket detail on the Hanover Court-House road. On the 31st sent forward patrols on the road to Hanover Court-House, which were met by the enemy in force. The First Brigade coming up, relieved my command, with the exception of a part of the Third Indiana, which remained on the left of the line until the enemy were driven back to Hanover Court-House. From prisoners taken I learned that we were engaged with Young's brigade of rebel cavalry. Bivouacked near Winston's house on the Hanover Court-House and Richmond road, with a strong picket force in the direction of Richmond.

At daylight on the morning of the 1st of June I moved my command, with the exception of the Eighth New York Cavalry, which

