
was left to picket and hold the Richmond and Hanover Court-House road, to the south bank of Mechump's Creek, opposite Hanover Court-House, and went into position to cover the movement of the First Brigade. Subsequently, having received orders to cross the creek, I moved forward the command, and with one regiment, the First Vermont, re-enforced the Second New York Cavalry, which was skirmishing with a force of the enemy's cavalry (Maryland Battalion) on the Virginia Central Railroad. The enemy were steadily driven back, moving off on the road running parallel with the South Anna River. In the mean time the Third Indiana Cavalry and French's battery were ordered forward, moving in column on the road, and the Second New York Cavalry were relieved, the First Vermont remaining in advance and skirmishing with the enemy until he left our front at the Fredericksburg railroad. When the enemy had been driven beyond Wickham's house, I sent a squadron under Captain Cushman, of the First Vermont, to destroy the railroad bridge on the Central road over the South Anna River, and upon reaching the Fredericksburg railroad, the same detail was sent to destroy the bridge on that road over the same stream. Both of these bridges were most effectually destroyed by fire, including trestle-work as well as superstructure, as also the water-tanks, and the road was further damaged by the destruction of small bridges and cattle guards at different points. While still upon the Fredericksburg railroad, and before the detail sent to destroy the bridge had returned, I received an order from the general commanding division, by one of his staff officers, to retire with my command hastily to Hanover Court-House. I should have mentioned that upon reaching the Fredericksburg railroad, at the point where the Telegraph road crosses the railroad, which is about a mile from the South Anna bridge, I had sent a battalion of the First Vermont, under Major Wells, down the Telegraph road toward Ashland, and this battalion had become engaged with a force of the enemy which had attacked the rear of the First Brigade near that point. Upon receiving the order above mentioned to retire to Hanover Court-House, and being enjoined to use much haste, I ordered this battalion to retire. Soon after, the general commanding division having arrived upon the ground, and a courier sent by myself to Colonel McIntosh, commanding First Brigade, having returned, with information that he was hard pressed and needed relief, I was ordered to send the Third Indiana Cavalry, with the battery, to Hanover Court-House, and with the First Vermont to push down the Telegraph road as far as Ashland, to the assistance of the First Brigade. Near Ashland we came upon the enemy, and, the road being lined on either side by a dense forest, the command was dismounted and formed in line of battle, the center on the road. Efforts to form a connection on our right with the First Brigade proved fruitless. The line was advanced cautiously and with some difficulty, but had proceeded only a short distance when the enemy attacked us in large force in front and flank.

The line soon gave back, retreating with considerable loss and closely pressed. Colonel McIntosh had succeeded in retiring his force from Ashland, and, coming up soon after, the regiment received the full attention of the enemy. A regiment of his brigade was drawn up on the Telegraph road, and checked the advance of the enemy. The First Vermont was remounted, and retired, by way of Hanover Court-House, to near Winston's house, and bivouacked with re

