
mainder of brigade. The service of the First Vermont Cavalry this day was arduous and severe, and its loss was heavy. The command is worthy of the highest praise.

Remained in camp on the 2nd of June until an hour after dark, when the brigade marched in rear of First Brigade, taking the road to Hannovertown. Marched all night, halting at Linney's, south of the Totopotomoy Creek at daylight.

At 10 a. m. on the 3rd the brigade recrossed the Totopotomoy (advance of division), with the Eighth New York in advance, and took the road to Salem Church, near which we came upon the enemy (cavalry dismounted in the woods, and occupying some breast-works vacated by our troops). Feeling the enemy with the Eighth New York and finding them too strong in numbers and position for that command, I directed the Third Indiana and First Vermont to be dismounted to fight on foot, and formed line of battle with the Eighth New York on the right and the First Vermont on the left. While these dispositions were being made, and previous to the arrival of the First Vermont on the line, the enemy made a spirited attack, but were repulsed with severe loss, leaving a number of their killed upon the ground. So soon as my line was formed I ordered an advance, and moving forward under a heavy fire my men drove the rebels from their position and they fell back to another line of breast-works. While reforming my line and awaiting the arrival of a regiment from the First Brigade, the enemy retired from my front. The force engaged here was that formerly commanded by the rebel General Gordon, and must have lost heavily. The victory was not bought without cost. Lieutenant-Colonel Preston, of the First Vermont, a zealous and faithful commander, and Captain Cushman, of the same regiment, a most valuable and gallant officer, both fell mortally wounded, and expired on the field of battle; and Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin, commanding the Eighth New York, was severely, though not dangerously, wounded. Late in the afternoon in pursuance of orders from General Wilson, I sent a regiment, the Third Indiana Cavalry, Major Patton commanding, in conjunction with the Second New York,across the Totopotomoy, to demonstrate upon the left of the enemy' main line The command dashed across in good style, driving the enemy' skirmishers hastily back to their lines, and capturing several. Position was held on the south side of the creek until sundown, when, owing to the movements of the enemy, it was deemed prudent to retire across the creek, and join the main body of the division, which was effected without loss. The crossing and recrossing were covered by a section of Ransom's battery. Shortly after dark I moved my command to the Hanovertown road and encamped. Held the approaches to hanovertown from the south and west.

June 4 and 5 passed without movement or event of importance. On the 5th the Twenty-second New York joined the brigade. On the 6th moved to Bottom's Bridge and relieved the Second Cavalry Division doing picket duty from left of infantry to Jones' Bridge on the Chickahominy, the left of infantry resting at railroad bridge. The brigade continued in the performance of this duty until the 12th of June, without anything occurring on the line except a little firing between the pickets. I caused al the crossing to be made defensible by constructing breast-works under cover of the night, and having succeeded in doing this the enemy ceased to fire upon my pickets. On the 9th the First New Hampshire Cavalry joined the

