
brigade. At dark on the 12th of June, in pursuance of orders directing a general movement of the army, I moved my command to Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Finding the bridge destroyed and the stream not fordable, I dismounted the Twenty-second New York and Third Indiana. The first named command was mainly crossed on a log a short distance above the bridge, and, making their way with much difficultly and considerable delay through the swamp, succeeded in crossing the second branch of the stream as they had crossed the first, on logs, and joined the brigade on the south bank of the river or swamp. In the mean time a pontoon-boat having been launched into the first branch of the stream, the Third Indiana were hastily crossed over under fire from a small force of the enemy, who occupied a rifle-pit on the south bank of the second branch of the stream. These were soon driven back, and the Third Indiana crossed line of battle, with skirmishers thrown well to the front. Owing to the difficulties to be overcome considerable time was consumed in laying the pontoon bridges, and it was after midnight when my command was entirely over. The command then moved forward to White Oak Swamp, the advance, skirmishing with a small body of the enemy's cavalry, who fell back across the swamp. At this point we found the enemy prepared to make resistance to our farther advance, with a battery in position, from which they opened fire. Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery, then serving with this brigade, was ordered into position and a lively artillery duel ensued, in which one of the sections of our battery suffered considerably in men and horses.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel Third Indiana Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain LOUIS SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

Numbers 218. Report of Lieutenant Alexander C. M. Pennington, Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, First Brigade Horse Artillery, including operations April 16-May 31.

CAMP OF HORSE BATTERY M, SECOND U. S. ARTY.,

Jordan's Point, Va., July 25, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my battery while serving with the Third Cavalry Division, from the 16th of April to the 31st of May, 1864:

I reported for duty with the Third Cavalry Division on the 16th of April, but was not called upon for any active duty till the 3rd of May. About 10 p. m. on May 3 I received an order to prepare my battery to move immediately, and to follow the Second Brigade (Colonel Champan) when it moved from camp, which I did about 11 p. m., and at daylight arrived at Germanna Ford, where I crossed the Rapidan on the pontoon bridge as soon as it was laid; marched in rear of the Second Brigade till we reached Parker's Store, where I placed my guns in position and bivouacked for the night. A little after daylight on the 5th I followed the First Brigade

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

