
(Colonel Bryan) to Craig's Meeting-House, where I took position to await the result of our advance, made by the Second Brigade, which had driven the enemy for several miles. The enemy, however, being re-enforced, compelled the Second Brigade to fall back, and I opened, as soon as a favorable opportunity presented itself, upon the enemy's flank as they came in sight. Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery took position by the side of mine, and, with the twelve guns, we checked farther pursuit. The enemy not pursuing, I received an order from General Wilson, commanding division, to leave a section with the rear guard and to move to the rear with the remaining four guns of my battery. I directed Lieutenant Fitzhugh to fire a few rounds and then to withdraw, by order of General Wilson. Lieutenant Woodruff, whose section had been detailed with the rear guard, moved to the rear, after firing a few rounds, by order of Colonel Bryan, commanding the rear guard, and passed a section of Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery, which had been placed in position to cover the falling back of the rear guard. Lieutenant Woodrugg then received an order from General Wilson to close upon the battery, which the crowded state of the road in the front did not permit him to do till he reached Todd's Tavern. At this place my guns were placed in position and remained so during the night. At daylight on the 6th of May we marched to Piney Branch Church and from there to a place near Alrich's house, where the command drew rations, forage, and ammunition, marched back to Piney Branch Church, and late in the afternoon marched to Chancellorsville, reaching it after dark, and bivouacked for the night. On the 7th of Masy the battery marched to the Ny River with the Second Brigade, but returned immediately and encamped at Alrich's for the night. Marched to Spotsylvania Court-House on the 8th with the Second Brigade, placed the guns in position, but was not engaged with the enemy. After remaining in position for about half an hour, I received an order from General Wilson to retire, which I did, reporting to Colonel Champman, commanding Second Brigade. I recrossed the Ny River and took position on a commanding hill overlooking the country on the opposite side of the Ny River. After remaining here about an hour, I received an order from Colonel Chapman to limber up my guns and to follow the leading regiment of his brigade as it moved out. Rejoined the division at Alsop's and from thence the night received orders from General Wilson to replenish ammunition and to obtain forgave and rations, as the command was going upon a long march. On the morning of the 9th marched to North Anna River and encamped near Anderson's Bridge. Marched to Ground Squirrel Bridge, on the South Anna, on the 10th, and to Yellow Tavern on the 11th, at which place my guns were placed in position, but the battery was not engaged.

About 11 p. m. I received an order to move and was directed to follow Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery. This I did, and moved down the Brook turnpike toward Richmond. Our command soon became engaged with the enemy on the Mechanicsville turnpike, and I hurried up my battery was engaged but did not place my guns in position, General wilson having directed me to withdraw the battery and placed it in position so as to cover the falling back of the advanced portion of our command, is such a thing became necessary, and also

