
to check any advance of the enemy from the direction of my right and front. After having been in this position for two or three hours, the enemy advanced a strong line of skirmishers almost in my immediate front. I directed my guns upon them and opened. The enemy were checked for a moment, but again advanced. having no support I asked Colonel Chapman, who was near the battery, if he could furnish me any. He replied that he could not, as his troops were all employed, and that I had better withdraw. The enemy still advancing, and not knowing what troops of ours, if any, were in my front, I withdrew to a position about three-quarters of a mile in rear, the only one that presented itself as a fit position for artillery. While here I received an order from General Sheridan to open upon the woods which were on the left of General Gregg's line. This was done, but with what effect I cannot say. I occupied this position till about 4 p. m., when I received an order from General Sheridan to cross the crossing of the troops, and to leave one section in the position I then occupied. I detailed Lieutenant Woodruff to remain, crossed the bridge, and took position. Here I was joined by Lieutenant Fitzhugh's battery and Lieutenant Woodruff's section not long after. Remaining here till the troops had crossed i joined the division at Mechanicsville and bivouacked that night at Gaines' house; marched to Bottom's Bridge on the 13th, and on the 14th crossed the to haxall's Landing, where we remained till the 18th, obtaining Chickahominy. On the 19th marched to Baltimore Cross-Roads. On the 20th marched to near Cold Harbor and camped. Left on the 22nd and camped at White House. On the 23rd marched to Aylett's via King William Court-House and continued the march North Anna River on the 26th and a made a demonstration at Little River, shelling the opposite side, and recrossed the North Anna at 11 p. m. and camped. On the 27th marched to Chesterfield, and on the 28th camped at Mangohick Church. On the 29th reached the Pamunkey River opposite Hanovertown. On the 31st crossed the Pamunkey and marched toward Hanover Court-House. Battery was relieved by Captain Ransom on the 31st.

On the evening of the 11th I received an order from General Sheridan to destroy the rear portion of my forge and send the limber to the headquarters to take a Blakely gun which had been captured. This was done and I transported the gun to Haxall's Landing, where it was turned over to the ordnance department. From the time we crossed the Rapidan to the 31st of May I expended 350 rounds of 3-inch ammunition. I lost during the march 15 horses, which were abandoned, being unable to travel or which died on the march. My men and horses subsisted upon the country when out of rations, foraging parties under charge of a commissioned officer being sent out daily. Both of my officers, Lieuts. C. A. Woodruff and William Egan, performed all their duties skillfully and with great credit. My men were obedient to orders and attentive to all their duties. I have no casualties to report.

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

First Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

