
Numbers 219. Report of Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding Ninth Army Corps.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., November 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Ninth Army Corps from May 4 to July 30, 1864:

The corps acted as a separate army, under my immediate command, reporting direct to the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Grant until the 25th [24th] of May, when it was assigned to the Army of the Potomac. I have thought it best, however, to make the entire report to the headquarters Army of the Potomac. Previous to the 4th of May the corps was stationed at different points along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, having relieved the troops of the Army of the Potomac at these points. A complete roster of the corps, with the dates of the joining and mustering out of the regiments, is hereto annexed.

FIRST EPOCH.

From May 4 to May 7, inclusive. The crossing of the Rapidan and the battle of the Wilderness.

In accordance with directions form the lieutenant-general commanding, the following dispositions of the troops of the corps were made: On the morning of the 4th the First Division, under Brigadier-General Stevenson, started for Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River. Crossed on the morning of the 5th and went into camp, where they remained during that day and night. The Second and Third Divisions, under command of Generals Potter and Willcox; the Provisional Brigade, under Colonel Marshall, and the Reserve Artillery, under Captain Edwards, were directed to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, with the different cavalry regiments which occupied positions farthest to the rear, broke camp and commenced their movements on the 4th. The artillery attached to the several divisions accompanied the divisions. On the morning of the 5th the Third Division (General Willcox) moved from Rappahannock Station, crossed Germanna Ford, moved out some 2 miles to the front, and relieved General Rickett's division, which was at that time on the right of the Sixth Corps. The Second Division (General Potter) moved the same morning from Bealeton Station, crossed Germanna Ford in the afternoon, and bivouacked in the neighborhood of Spotswood Tavern. The Fourth Division (General Ferrero) followed, and reached Mountain Run about 6 p. m on the afternoon of the 5th, where they bivouacked until the following morning. The Provisional Brigade (Colonel Marshall) and the cavalry regiments moved on the morning of the 5th, crossing Germanna Ford that afternoon, taking positions between the First and Second Divisions.

On the evening of the 5th Major General John G. Parke, who had been absent sick, join ed the corps and remained with me as chief of staff, or in immediate command when occasion required, always rendering efficient and gallant service.

