
about 2 p. m., when the last of his division was withdrawn from that position to support General Potter in his attack. One of General Willcox's brigades (Hartranft's) had already moved forward on the right of General Potter and attacked with considerable success, having broken the enemy's line, though they were not able to hold their advance position, but maintained their ground in front of the enemy until General Willcox supported it by Christ's brigade. A short time after these movements orders were given for the Third Division, General Willcox, supported by General Potter, to assault at 6 o'clock, it being understood that General Hancock would attack at the same hour, but before that hour arrived the enemy opened upon General Hancock, thus rendering it important that our attack should be made earlier. General Willcox formed his lines quickly, and at 5.30 p. m. commenced the assault, forcing the enemy, who had come out of his entrenchments, back into them and breaking his line on the left. This part of their line was held for some time, but we were finally forced to give it up by the overpowering force of the enemy. We were enabled, however, to hold our ground immediately in front of their entrenchments, neither falling back nor advancing. At about dusk General Willcox opened communication with the right of the Second Corps.

For the operations of the First Division on this day, I beg to refer you to the report of Major-General Hancock, under whose command it fought. From personal knowledge of the Second and Third Divisions, and from information received of the movements of the First Division, I am glad to bear testimony to the efficiency and gallantry of these brave men.

The losses in the First Division were 92 killed, 349 wounded, and 82 missing; total, 523. In the Second Division, 74 killed, 389 wounded, 41 missing,; total, 504. The Third Division, 469 killed and wounded, and 12 missing; total, 481.

Soon after dark our line was regulated and entrenched, and before morning the enemy withdrew from our front, skirmishers were pushed out, and a few prisoners picked up, but no considerable force was encountered. In this engagement we lost some of our most valuable officers and men. Nothing of importance occurred on the 7th. Soon after noon of that day the Second Division was withdrawn and concentrated near the Wilderness Tavern, in readiness to support the Sixth Corps.

SECOND EPOCH.

From May 7 to May 20, 1864. The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

During the afternoon of the 7th directions were received to make arrangements to move the corps to the neighborhood of Chancellorsville, acting as rear guard to that portion of the army moving in that direction. The First Division was directed to report to me again, and I ordered it to move from the position it then occupied up the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road to its intersection with the Wilderness Tavern and Chancellorsville road, and there await the arrival of the other divisions of the corps, taking care not to interfere with the Sixth Corps, which was to pass that point on its way to Chancelorsville. The movement of the First Division was to commence as soon as the rear of the Fifth Corps, which was to move

