
down the Brock road, passed the point occupied by this division, thus leaving the road to Chancellorsville open without interfering with the Fifth Corps. Soon after dark the Second Division was moved on to the high ground in rear of the Wilderness Tavern. The Third Division, which had been left in position on the line, and the Provisional Brigade were withdrawn during the night, and concentrated in rear of the Second Division, the Third Division constituting the rear guard of the corps. The rear of the Sixth Corps did not pass the Wilderness Tavern until nearly daybreak of the 8th. General Willcox deployed Christ's brigade and held the enemy's cavalry in check until all the wounded in the hospitals that we had transportation for were removed. The entire corps moved toward and through Chancellorsville as soon as the road was cleared by the Sixth Corps and its trains. The Third Division bivouacked that night near Perry's house, some 2 miles from Chancelorsville, and the remainder of the corps bivouacked between Perry's house and Chancelorsville. Our Artillery Reserve was ordered to join the Artillery Reserve of the Army of the Potomac, where it remained until it was ordered to the rear, May 16.

I beg to refer to the excellent report of Brigadier-General Ferrero for an understanding of the movements of the Fourth Division, and of the Second Ohio, Fifth New York, and Third New Jersey Cavalry during this and succeeding epochs, as none of them were under my immediate control until into July.

On the morning of the 9th, at 4 o'clock, General Willcox was directed to move his division to Gayle's house, on the Ny River, near Spotsylvania Court-House, where the road from the Court-House to Fredericksburg crosses that river. Directions were also given to place a portion of the Provisional Brigade, Colonel E. G. Marshall, on the road to Fredericksburg, at the intersection of that road with the Spotsylvania Court-House road, beyond the position occupied by the general wagon train of the army. The remainder of the Provisional Brigade was posted at Alsop's house, on the road to Gayle's. General Wilcox found the enemy's pickets about a mile north of Gayle's house, and quickly drove them across the river, seizing the bridge, over which he crossed Christ's brigade with two batteries of artillery, which were posted on the crest, about a quarter of a mile from the river. The First Division, General Stevenson, had been ordered to follow from Chancellorsville in support of General Willcox. The demonstrations of the enemy upon Christ's brigade rendered it necessary for General Willcox to cross his other brigade in support, he having encountered a considerable force of dismounted cavalry and a brigade of Longstreet's corps. Several attempts were made by this force to drive our people back, which were repulsed. The enemy finally retired, leaving some of their wounded and some 50 prisoners in our hands. At about midday the First Division arrived, and a portion was thrown across the river, one brigade being retained as a guard to the fords near that position. The losses of the Third Division in this gallant affair were 167 killed and wounded, and 21 missing.

On the afternoon of the 9th General Potter's division was moved to the neighborhood of Alsop's, and the next day (the 10th) it was moved to Gayle's to support a reconnaissance which we were directed to make on Spotsylvania Court-House. Lieutenant-Colonel Porter, of General Grant's staff, brought the order, and remained with us during the reconnaissance. During the forenoon we met with a se-

