
vere misfortune in the loss of the gallant General Stevenson, who was killed by one of the enemy's sharpshooters. This officer commenced his services in the war with me in the expedition to North Carolina, and on all occasions proved himself a brave and efficient soldier. The reconnaissance was pushed that afternoon and evening under a pretty heavy fire close up to the enemy's lines, one portions of General Potter's division being within a quarter of a mile of Spotsylvania Court-House. The lone was regulated and entrenched before morning. On the afternoon of the 10th the Provisional Brigade was moved up and concentrated near Gayle's house. On the 11th the entire corps was ordered to withdraw to the north side of the Ny and take a new position, with the left crossing the main road near the Harris house, the line extending across the Ny, the right connecting with General Hancock, if possible, for which purpose a road was to be cut through the intervening woods and a bridge built across the stream. The recrossing was effected, and whilst the line was being formed in the new position, the command was ordered to recross the Ny and reoccupy the position we had just left, which work was performed without any serious opposition by General Potter's division, a portion of Colonel Marshall's brigade being in the advance, as it had been left to this movement, Major-General Crittenden arrived and took command of the First Division. That night orders were received for a general attack upon the enemy's lines early on the morning of the 12th. Lieutenant-Colonels Comstock and Babcock came to the corps headquarters to remain during the attack. The position of the enemy's lines, and the nature of the ground are so well known by the major-general commanding that it is unnecessary to enter into a detailed description of them. It will be sufficient to say that the enemy's entrenchments were in the form of a V, the right face of which was to be assaulted by the Ninth Corps. The order was at first understood as directing the assault to be made immediately upon the Spotsylvania Court-House, but upon consultation with the staff officers form the headquarters of the lieutenant-general commanding, it was decided to assault farther to the right at points nearer to the salient of the enemy's works, with a view to establishing and keeping up, if possible, a connection with the Second Corps. At 4 a. m. General Potter's division advanced, supported by the First Division, General Crittenden, with General Willcox's (Third) division in reserve. Colonel Marshall's brigade held the line of entrenchments, the artillery being under the immediate direction of Lieutenant Benjamin, chief of artillery. The fire of the enemy was drawn about 4.30, and at 5 a. m. the engagement had become very severe. Two lines of detached rifle-pits had been carried, and an assault was ordered upon the main line by the First and Second Divisions. The latter division succeeded in carrying a portion of the line, and capturing a battery of two guns, with a large number of prisoners. We had at this time no connection with the Second Corps, and in consequence our right was seriously pressed and driven out of that portion of the enemy's line just captured, losing a few prisoners. Urgent orders were received from the lieutenant-general commanding to establish connection with the Second Corps at all hazards. General Crittenden's and General Porter's divisions were ordered forward to repeated attacks, which resulted in severe loss, but did not succeed in driving the enemy from his main line.

