
COLD HARBOR, June 6, 1864-7 a.m. (Received 12.30 p.m.)

At 8.30 last evening we had a sudden assault on Wright's and Hancock's lines. The firing lasted for twenty minutes, and was very loud, but it was all about nothing, and no harm was done. The lines are very close, and in the dark our men thought the enemy was coming out to attack. At one place Wright's troops report that a line of battle actually came over the rebel entrenchments, but I supposes it was a false alarm. Everything is going on well. Warren's corps got out of the lines last night, and is now camped about a mile in the rear of this place. Burnside took up his new position without difficulty. The cavalry will move to-morrow morning. Weather clear, with a pleasant breeze.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Cold Harbor, Va., June 7, 1864-9 a.m. (Received 9.05 p.m.)

No fighting since my dispatch of yesterday morning except on skirmish line, with exception of an onslaught on Burnside just after midnight, which was successfully repulsed, and a rush made in the afternoon by party of 100 picked men of the enemy, who came to find out what was the meaning of Hancock's advancing siege lines. Nine of the party were captured; the rest either killed or driven back. Gregg's and Torbert's divisions of cavalry set out under Sheridan at 3 a.m. Wilson, having had a great deal of hard work of late, is left behind to guard our flanks. Sheridan says he will be happy to have Colonel Wade assigned to his staff. Bodies of Colonels Morris, Porter, Haskell, and McKeen have been sent to Washington. General Grant is embarrassed by operations of the party sent without consulting him to repair York railroad. He has never intended to use that road, and does not wish to leave its iron to be employed by the enemy in restoring his own broken communications. He is now nearly ready to strike for the James, but may be kept a day or two to remove rails from this road and send them to the Pamunkey. I spent several hours yesterday at the White House. The immense amount of work is generally as well done as could be expected, but General Abercrombie seems bewildered and lost in the midst of it. The place has been fortified by three or four small redoubts, to be connected by rifle-pits, but an officer of General Butler, who came in from Windsor Shades on Chickahominy, told me General Abercrombie had no pickets out in that direction; neither had he any force at the very important point of Cumberland, on Pamunkey, below. General Grant says that as he means to stay here but a very short time, he does not think it necessary to send new commander to take Abercrombie's place. With regard to the French officers, General Grant says he does not want them. He will send formal declaration if you wish.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

