
of the column. He was to take the advance with his other brigade and to proceed to Downer's Bridge, on the Ta River, by way of Smith's Mill, on the Ny, and Guiney's Station. The First and Third Divisions were halted near general headquarters at Guiney's Station soon after sunrise on the 22nd. After a rest of some two hours the corps was moved to the neighborhood of Bethel Church, and held in readiness to support the movements of the Fifth and Second Corps, as occasion required, but we were not called upon. On the morning of the 23rd we started under orders for Jericho Bridge by a route over plantation roads, between the routes taken by the Second and Fifth Corps. before reaching our destination, directions were given to move the corps to Ox Ford, on the North Anna River, and relieve Mott's brigade, of the Second Corps, by one of our divisions. General Willcox relieved General Mott just before sundown,, and the other two divisions bivouacked just in rear of the positions occupied by the Third Division. That night General Willcox arranged his line and intrenched it. On the following morning, the 24th, orders were received to carry the ford and cross the corps on to the south side of the river. General Willcox was directed to make his dispositions for the attack, which he did. Skirmishers were thrown forward to the river, and we succeeded in getting possession of an island near the ford. Our movements demonstrated the fact that the enemy were in strong force on the opposite bank of the river, and well intrenched. The belief at that time was that the enemy had formed their lines very much as they were formed at the river Ny, In the shape of a V, with its salient immediately opposite the ford, which rendered the passage of it almost, if not quite, impossible; certainly not without very severe loss. This conclusion as to the enemy's position was afterward found to be correct. General Hancock had crossed the river with his corps below this point, and General Potter had been ordered to report to him with his division.

I beg to refer the commanding general to General Hancock's report for an understanding of the movements of this division. It may not be amiss to say, however, that after crossing the division took position on the right of Mott's brigade, and, under a sharp fire, planted itself close up to the enemy's works, its right resting on the river. That night its position was intrenched.

On the 25th nothing of importance occurred in front of this division, but on the 26th it drove back the enemy's skirmishers, and established a new line farther in advance. The Fifth and Sixth Corps had crossed the river above, and General Crawford's division, of the fifth Corps, had come down on the south side to Quarles' Ford. Directions were received to cross one of our divisions at this ford, which was about a mile above Ox Ford, thus enabling the Third Division, General Willcox, to cross at that point. General Crittenden's division was ordered to this duty. The ford was a very difficult one, but he passage was made with great celerity and a gallant assault made as directed, General Ledlie's brigade leading the attack, but the enemy were found in too strong force to accomplish the desired result. The counter attacking column of the enemy was composed of two divisions of Hill's corps. Our men fell back with considerable loss a short distance to a position which enabled them to connect with General Crawford's division, which new line was well intrenched that night.

