
I am indebted to Major-General Hancock, of the Second Corps, for the loan of a portion of his engineer corps, who assisted in building the bridge across the river during the night. The First Division, General Crittenden, was then ordered to report to General Warren, commanding the Fifth Corps, for temporary duty. Nothing but the ordinary skirmishing and artillery firing occurred in front of the First and Third Divisions during the 25th and 26th.

Our losses during this epoch were as follows: First Division, 26 killed, 132 wounded, 88 missing; Second Division, 11 killed, 37 wounded, 1 missing; Third Division, 40 killed and wounded, 8 missing.

During these operations, as in the previous ones, the officers and men of this corps behaved with the utmost gallantry and efficiency.

On the night of the 24th an order was issued from the headquarters of the lieutenant-general commanding, incorporating this corps into the Army of the Potomac, and from this time forward, I received my orders directly from the major-general commanding.

On the night of the 26th the divisions of General Crittenden and Potter were withdrawn to the north side of the river, and on the morning of the 27th the entire corps was concentrated near Mount Carmel Church.

FOURTH EPOCH.

From May 27 to June 12, 1864. The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

On the afternoon of the 27th, after the road was clear of the Fifth Corps, which preceded us, we started for the crossing of the Pamunkey River, at Hanovertown, the Second Division leading, reaching there about 10 p. m. on the night of the 28th. The rear division, General Wilcox's, did not arrive until 1 o'clock the next morning. On the morning of the 29th the corps was moved out to a position between the Second and Fifth Corps, with the right near Haw's Shop, which line was intrenched. On the morning of the 30th the entire corps was moved across the Totopotomoy to take position between the Second and Fifth Corps, the right resting near the Whitlock house and the left near Shady Grove road, the line of pickets being well out. This position was gained after a very sharp skirmishing, particularly in front of the Second Division. On the 31st the entire line was advanced from one-fourth to three-fourths of a mile under a brisk fire of the enemy. Several detached lines of skirmish pits were carried, and our people took position close up to the enemy's main line.

On the 1st of June the left of the Third Division was extended to Shady Grove road, with General Crittenden's division immediately on the left, the right extending across the road and the left refused so that the main line was nearly parallel to the road. At the junction of the two divisions the pickets of the First Division were driven in, when the right of that division and the left of the Second fell back slightly, but this point being re-enforced by a portion of Hartranft's brigade, the line was soon re-established. During the night of the 1st the Second Corps, which was on our right, was withdrawn, when our right was refused so as to occupy the same line that was taken up by it on the 30th of May. On the afternoon of the 2nd we were moved to a new position on the right of the

58 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

