
Fifth Corps, with our left not far from Bethesda Church, the main line running part of the way parallel to the Mechanicsville road, then across it to a point near the Via house not far from the Totopotomoy. In moving to this position we were attacked by the enemy with considerable vigor, and suffered some loss in General Crittenden's division, which was bringing up the rear. The division held the enemy in check, however, until the other two divisions got into position and stopped his farther advance. Soon after dark a sharp attack was made on the First Brigade of the Third Division, which brigade lost some ground.

During the night a general attack was ordered to take place on the morning of the 3rd along the whole line of the army. Generals Willcox and Potter were ordered to attack, while General Crittenden was held in support. General Potter threw forward the brigade of Colonel Curtin, which dove in the skirmish line of the enemy, carried some detached rifle-pits and buildings, and established itself close up to the enemy's main line, from which position our artillery silenced their main battery and blew up two of their caissons. In the mean time General Potter had brought in General Griffin's brigade, which had been relieved from duty on the extreme right by General Wilson's cavalry, and placed it in position to assist Curtin in his attack. He was at this point instructed to suspend any further movements until General Willcox's division was ready to attack on his left. General Willcox attacked early in the morning, and captured from the enemy a line of pits that had been taken from one of our brigades the night before, Hartranft's brigade driving the enemy into their main line of works and establishing itself close up to them. Farther advance of the division was checked by a heavy enfilading fire of artillery, as well as by a severe fire from the enemy's advanced line. General Griffin's division, of the Fifth Corps, co-operated very efficiently in this attack. It was found necessary to place artillery in position, and protect it to a certain extent, with a view to silencing the artillery of the enemy, which it was hoped would be done by 1 o'clock. An order was therefore given for a simultaneous attack with the divisions of the corps at that hour. A messenger was sent to General Wilson, for the cavalry division, informing him of this movement, and suggesting that it would be well for him to move a portion of his command down from the opposite side of the Totopotomoy, crossing it above the Via house, and attacking the enemy in the rear. The arrangement for the attack being made, the order was given to advance, but just as the skirmishers were about to move, and order was issued from headquarters Army of the Potomac to suspend all further offensive operations, which order was at once communicated to the division commanders. Our losses at this place were very severe, including some of our best officers and men. The command never fought more bravely than on this occasion. The loss of the enemy was understood to be quite equal to our own. During the afternoon the enemy made an attack on the right of our line, but was repulsed, and in course of the night he withdrew from our front.

The next day, the 4th, the corps was moved to a position between the Eighteenth and Fifth Corps, near the Woody house, where it relieved Birney's division, of the Second Corps. That night and the next day the line was regulated and strengthened. On the night of the 5th the Fifth Corps was withdrawn, and General Potter, who was on our extreme right, was ordered to refuse his right and to

