
Numbers 220. Itinerary of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps.*

May 4.-Left Bealeton Station, Va.; marched to Germanna Ford.

May 5.-In position at Germanna Ford.

May 6.-Engaged at the battle of the wilderness, supporting Second Corps.

May 7.-Remained in position.

May 8 and 9.-Marched to the Ny River.

May 10.-Brigadier General T. G. Stevenson, commanding, was killed in front of Spotsylvania Court-House, and Colonel D. Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command.

May 12.- Engaged in front of Spotsylvania Court-House. Major-General Crittenden assumed command at 4 a. m.

May 13 to 18.- In the trenches in front of Spotsylvania Court-House; unsuccessful charge on the enemy's works by the First Brigade on the 18th.

May 19.-Moved to the left and took up a new position.

May 21 to 23.-Marched to North Anna River.

May 24.-Crossed at Ox Ford; First Brigade sent on reconnaissance and heavily engaged.

May 25 and 26.-Remained on south bank of the river and intrenched.

May 27.-Recrossed at night.

May 29.-Marched to Pamunkey River.

May 30.-Crossed near Hanovertown at daybreak.

May 31.-Went into position near Totopotomoy Creek.

June 1.-Encamped near Totopotomoy Creek, Va.; reconnaissance and skirmished.

June 2.-In p. m. moved to the left into new position near Bethesda Church; attacked in rear on the march and many of the pickets captured.

June 3.-Battle of Bethesda Church; this division slightly engaged, supporting Second and Third Divisions. The Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers reported and were assigned to Second Brigade.

June 4.-Moved again to the left and remained there.

June 5.-Not in position until evening, when the division again moved to the left and took up a position on the extreme left of the army.

June 6.-The First Brigade was sent to a position at Allen's Mill connecting by a line of pickets on the right with the cavalry and on the left with the Second Brigade, the Third (Provisional) Brigade remaining in reserve. The Twenty-seventh New York Battery, Captain J. B. Eaton, reported this day in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 78, paragraph III, headquarters Ninth Army Corps. Remained in this position without being engaged until the 12th.

June 7.-Major-General Crittenden was relieved at his own request from command of the division by Special Orders, Numbers 30, paragraph I, headquarters Armies of the United States. Brigadier General J. H. Ledlie, commanding First Brigade, assumed command of this division.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

