
June 9.-The Second New York Mounted Rifles was transferred to the Second Division, and the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry to the Third Division, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 81, paragraphs II and III, headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

June 11.-The One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers reported in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 83, paragraph VII, headquarters Ninth Army Corps, and was assigned to Second Brigade.

June 12.-The Fourth and Tenth U. S. Infantry, in accordance with telegram from headquarters Army of the Potomac, were transferred to the Fifth Corps. On the evening of the same day the division left the entrenchments near Cold Harbor and marched all night.

Numbers 221. Report of Brigadier General James H. Ledlie, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Cold Harbor, Va., June 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor very respectfully to report the operations of the First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, from the 4th of May to the 7th of June, 1864. Having been placed in command on the 13th May, it is impossible for me to particularize the movements previous to that date, and I can only condense from the reports of regimental commanders:

The brigade left Rappahannock Station on the morning of the 4th and moved to the Rapidan River, crossing at Germanna Ford, and on the 6th engaged the enemy in the Wilderness, being placed in columns of regiments, on the right of the plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, at 9 a. m., and remained under a heavy fire from the enemy until 11.30 a. m., when the command was ordered to fall back to another position, which was accomplished under a flanking fire of the enemy without serious los. On the 7th, 8th, and 9th of May marched from position in the Wilderness, through Chancellorsville, to Ny River and intrenched on the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, under a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. On the 10th of May a strong line of skirmishers was thrown forward from the brigade, which was sharply engaged by the enemy, and additional earth-works were thrown up on the edge of the woods in our front, while the main portion of the command crossed the Ny River. On the 12th of May the brigade advanced in line of battle, and soon met the enemy, and was engaged during the entire day, with severe loss of officers and men. From the 12th to the 18th of May the brigade remained in position before Spotsylvania Court-House, at which point, on the 13th, I joined and assumed command. On the 18th of May I received orders to advance upon and feel the enemy's position. i pushed forward my brigade, composed of the Fourth and Tenth U. S. Infantry, Thirty-fifth, Fifth-sixth, Fifty-seventh, and Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, which moved up in admirable style, and reached the abatis in front of them, and it being impossible to penetrate this, I ordered the brigade to fall back and did so, receiv-

