
chusetts Volunteers, who was killed in the engagements of the 24th of May. I desire to mention Lieutenant Lipp, adjutant Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, for his gallantry.

My thanks are due to my staff, the officers of which, although acting, delivered my orders with cheerfulness and alacrity, and behaved with great coolness. I regret to say that Lieutenant George W. Creasy, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Chute and Cross, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting aides-de-camp, were captured by the enemy while in the discharge of their duties during the battle of the North Anna, having been sent tot he front with orders.

My especial thanks are due to Lieutenant George M. Randall, Fourth U. S. Infantry, aides-de-camp, whose courage and bravery cannot be excelled. utterly regardless of danger he was always foremost in the engagements, and all assistance possible was rendered to me by him.

I transmit herewith a list of casualties* occurring in First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps from May 4 to June 7, 1864.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. J. MILLS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 222. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Barnes, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 16, 1864.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the present campaign, up to July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The crossing of the Rapidan River and the battle of the Wilderness.

On the 4th day of May, 1864, this brigade was composed of the following regiments: Thirty-fifth, Fifty-sixth, Fifty-seventh, and Fifty-ninth Massachusetts, under command of Colonel Sumner Carruth, of the Thirty-fifth Massachusetts. On the morning of the 4th broke camp very early and marched in the direction of Germann Ford, on the Rapidan River, which the command crossed on the morning of the 5th and went into camp, where they remained during the rest of the day and night. At daylight on the following morning the command marched toward the Wilderness, where they became engaged in battle, and the division being repulsed the brigade was compelled to fall back, losing heavily. On the morning of the 7th

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 131, 147, 161, 175.

---------------

