
COLD HARBOR, June 7, 1864-7 p.m. (Received 1.30 p.m., 8th.)

Nothing of importance since morning. Rebels made attack upon Burnside, but it was of no consequence. Crittenden has asked to be relieved, for the reason that his division is not equal to his rank, many of his juniors being in higher commands. He is relieved, and ordered to report to the Adjutant-General. I think he has been in mental trouble for some time because his division is small, and also belongs to corps containing negro troops. I omitted to report in dispatch this morning that the steamers Connecticut and State of Maine are not clean enough to transport wounded. On State of Maine I saw one bed which had become saturated from its former occupants, and was now putrid, containing maggots. On the Connecticut I also saw beef, cut up for wounded, so fat and gristly that even the well could not eat it. Richmond papers of yesterday say that on Friday last they captured 300 prisoners from this army. I send herewith the sequel of the correspondence between Generals Grant and Lee.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Cold Harbor, Va., June 7, 1864-8.30 p.m. (Received 1 p.m., 8th.)

Richmond Examiner of to-day speaks of the defeat of General W. E. Jones by General Hunter, 12 miles beyond Staunton, Va. General Jones killed on the field. His successor retired to Waynesborough, and now holds mountains between Charlottesville and Staunton. The paper further states that no hospitals nor stores were captured by Hunter.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

Cold Harbor, Va., June 8, 1864-4 p.m. (Received 3.40 a.m., 10th.)

No fighting since my dispatch of last evening except some picket-firing and occasional discharges of artillery. Two division of the Fifth Corps now picket the Chickahominy from Hancock's left beyond Bottom's Bridge. Rebel pickets previously stationed on this side of the river have been driven across. Warren report that rebels have two guns at Bottom's Bridge, but crossing can be seized without serious difficulty. Two officers of General Grant's staff are now with General Butler, making preparatory arrangements for the movement of this army to Bermuda Hundred. They ought to be back to-morrow. Possibly the march may begin to-morrow night. Orders to take up the iron of York River Railroad were sent last night. Soon as road is opened to the Chickahominy the bars are to be removed, beginning near the Chickahominy, and carried to White

