
Colonel J. Parker Gould, of the Fifty-ninth Massachusetts, assumed command of the brigade, Colonel Carruth being relieved on account of sunstroke. Here earth-works were thrown up by the brigade on the cross-roads.

SECOND EPOCH.

The march to Spotsylvania Court-House and the operations in front of that place.

At midnight on the 7th the brigade moved in the direction of Chancellorsville; were halted near the plank road. Here Colonel Gould was relieved of the command of the brigade by Lieutenant-Colonel Wels, of the Fifty-sixth Massachusetts. May 9 the brigade moved early in the morning, marched all day, and crossed the River Ny at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon; halted and threw up earth-works on and across the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, where we remained until the following day. Here skirmishers were deployed. On the afternoon of the 11th skirmishers and pickets were drawn in and ordered to rejoin their regiments which had recrossed the river and bivouacked. On the following morning the brigade advanced in line of battle, met the enemy, and were engaged the grater part of the day, suffering severely.

The brigade remained in position (that which they had erected after falling back) until the morning of the 18th, when part of the brigade were ordered forward to carry the enemy's works; found their line too strong for assault, and fell back in good order, meeting with slight loss. While here Lieutenant-Colonel Weld was relieved of command of the brigade by Brigadier-General Ledlie, and the command was re-enforced by the addition of two regiments of regulars, respectively, the Fourth and Tenth. On the morning of the 19th the brigade moved at a very early hour to the left. About 10 o'clock in the morning the column halted and erected a strong line of works.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to the North Anna River and the operations at that place.

On the evening of the 21st broke camp, marched all night and reached Guiney's Station at about 6 o'clock of the morning of the 22nd; made a short halt, resumed march, and camped for the night at Clinton. On morning of the 23rd took up line of march and at about 8 p. m. halted on road which led to one of the fords on that river. At noon of the 24th crossed the river at Ox Ford, and advanced in two lines of battle; found the enemy strongly intrenched and supported by artillery. While waiting for re-enforcements, were attacked by a heavy force and compelled to retire, which was done in good order, although meeting with heavy loss.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

May 25, recrossed the North Anna, marched to Jericho Ford, and on the following day rejoined the division. Marched all day and night, crossing the Pamunkey River at daylight near Hanover,

