
halted a short time, then moved slowly on and established a line of battle at the junction of four roads; remained there over night. Moved the following morning and formed line of battle near Richmond turnpike, the left of brigade connecting with right of Fifth Corps.

May 31, moved a short distance forward and occupied some half-constructed rifle-pits. Soon after fell back to our original position.

June 2, moved some 2 or 3 miles to the left, halted, formed line of battle, the enemy having attacked rear of column. Soon after moved to the right and began work on half-constructed rifle-pits.

June 3, advanced to make connection in the front line between the Second and Third Division of the corps, where we remained until midnight, at which time the brigade was withdrawn.

June 4, remained in position until 6 p. m., then moved to the left and camped over night.

June 5, command moved still farther to the left and erected a line of earth-works. Were then at Allen's Mill. The brigade was partially engaged in the battles of Bethesda Church, Cold Harbor, and Shady Grove Church, meeting with slight losses. On the 8th Colonel J. Parker Gould, of the Fifty-ninth Massachusetts, again assumed command of the brigade, Brigadier-General Ledlie taking command of First Division, and the Fourth and Tenth Regiments of Regulars were assigned to another command.*

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. H. BARNES,

Lieutenant Colonel 29th Mass. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 9th A. C.

Captain C. J. MILLS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 223. Report of Captain Albert F. Thomas, Second Maine Battery.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 5, 1864, crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford, and parked up near the crossing. 6th, marched to the left of the line of battle, and took position then at the Wilderness, where the battery remained till 6 p. m. of the seventh day, when I received orders to join our division at the Brock road. 8th, marched from said road to 1 mile beyond the Chancellor house on the Fredericksburg pike road. Our former position was such that we had no opportunity of engaging the enemy, nor did the battery suffer any loss.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 9, marched to Spotsylvania, and took position at Saint Mary's Bridge, on the Ny River. Engaged the enemy on the 10th, 11th, and 12th, doing good service, during which time two guns were disabled by the enemy. Casualties of the 12th: Privates A O. Harriman and S. Blanchard wounded, and 1 horse killed. 14th, engaged them again in a new position, firing about 200 rounds.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

