
15th, Lieutenant Benjamin F. Carr received a flesh wound in the thigh from a sharpshooter. Had 1 horse killed. 16th, Corpl. Charles Allen slightly wounded. 18th, engaged the enemy in the morning, and fought severely all day, but realized no casualties. 19th, changed position to the left, where we remained till 6 p. m. of the 21st.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 22 and 23, marched in the direction of North Anna River, camping near it on the night of the 23d. 24th, marched down to the river and took position, engaged the enemy, fired about 300 rounds, doing good exaction, blowing up one of their limbers. 25th, remained in position, firing at intervals all day. In the evening of the 26th the battery retired from position, right half taking a new position 2 miles up the river, and the left half camped for the night near the church. Casualties, 1 horse killed.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27, took up the line of march for and arrived at the Pamunkey on te 28th, crossing at midnight and camping near the river. 29th, marched in a southwardly direction to the front, and took position in the line of battle at that time forming. On the 30th advanced several miles, and near night took position. 31st, changed position 1 mile to the left.

June 1, engaged the enemy, firing some 200 rounds, having 1 horse killed. 2nd, marched 3 miles to the left, and took position in the line which was formed when the enemy attacked our rear, and kept up a brisk fire till dark, having 1 man (A. O. Harriman) slightly wounded, and 1 horse killed. 3rd, engaged the enemy at intervals during the day. 4th, moved 2 miles to the left, and parked for the night. 5th, at sunset moved a short distance to the left, and took position, where we remained till the 12th, engaging the enemy more or less every day, having 1 horse killed on the 7th.*

ALBERT F. THOMAS,

Captain, Commanding Second Battery Maine Volunteers.

Numbers 224. Report of Captain Joseph W. B. Wright, Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery.

FIRST EPOCH.

Crossing of the Rapidan and the battle of the Wilderness.

The Fourteenth Battery Massachusetts Volunteers, numbering 132 officers and men, with 120 horses and six 3-inch rifled Parrott guns, commanded by Captain J. W. B. Wright, and attached to the First Division, of Ninth Army Corps, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the morning of May 5, and went into position on the heights on the south bank of the river, forming the extreme right of the line

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

