
of battle, in which position the battery remained during the day, supported by the First Brigade, of First Division, Ninth Army Corps, General Stevenson commanding. On the morning of 6th the battery marched to Wilderness and parked in rear of the center of the line of battle, remaining in reserve during the remainder of the battle.

SECOND EPOCH.

March to Spotsylvania Court-House and operations in front of that place.

On the evening of May 7 the battery started from Wilderness for Spotsylvania Court-House. After marching about 4 miles toward Chancellorsville, the roads became blocked by the moving columns of infantry and baggage trains, and halt was made until daylight, when the march was resumed and continued until reaching the battle-field of Chancellorsville, near which place halt was made until morning of 9th, when the march was resumed. After marching several miles on a certain road, and no indications of the enemy appearing, the column returned, and taking another route reached Ny River in the afternoon, where the battery went into position and commenced firing on the enemy's wagon trains. On the morning of 10th the battery crossed Ny River and went into position on the line of battle. On the 10th, 12th, 16th, and 18th the battery was in action in various positions near Spotsylvania Court-House with Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, General Willcox commanding.

THIRD EPOCH.

The march to North Anna and the operations on that river.

The battery moved from its position on the line of battle near Spotsylvania Court-House on the afternoon of May 21, and marched with Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, General Willcox commanding, for North Anna River. On the afternoon of 22nd, on reaching South Branch, a halt was made and the battery placed in position, and remained until morning of 23d, when the march was resumed and continued until reaching the North Anna at night. On the morning of 24th went into position and action in an open field to the left of the road. At night moved to position on the right of the road, and on the morning of the 25th opened fire on the enemy's line of battle. The battery remained in the same position the 25th and 26th, engaging the enemy. On the morning of the 27th, when the Ninth Corps commenced march for the Pamunkey, the battery remained in position as rear guard until the columns were all on the road.

FOURTH EPOCH.

The march across the Pamunkey, including the operations on the Totopotomoy and at Cold Harbor.

The battery marched from the North Anna River on the forenoon of the 27th, and at night camped at Doggett's Cross-Roads. Resumed the marching the morning, and at night crossed the Pamunkey and camped. On the 29th the battery marched to Totopotomoy

