
the 3rd of June the original line of battle was retaken by Willcox's division, of the Ninth Army Corps, and a part of the Fifth Army Corps.

My losses on 2nd and 3rd were: Officers, killed, 2; wounded, 7; missing, 8. Enlisted men, killed, 17; wounded, 97; missing, 325. Many of the missing men were taken prisoners on the skirmish line, being driven into a swamp, although it is known that several were killed and wounded.

No blame could be attached to the brigade on my right for their retiring or the swinging back of two of my regiments; quite the reverse. It was a movement made in good order and reflects credit upon that brigade, as well as upon the commanders of those regiments of my brigade.

The following were the regiments of my brigade engaged: Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, dismounted, Fourteenth New York Artillery, Second New York Rifles, dismounted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. MARSHALL,

Colonel Fourteenth New York Artillery,

Commanding Prov. Brigade, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

Major-General CRITTENDEN

(Through Assistant Adjutant-General).

Numbers 227. Report of Brigadier General Robert B. Potter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division since May 4, 1864;

FIRST.

On the morning of the 5th of May we moved from Bealeton Station, crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at about 3 p. m., and moving to the vicinity of the Spotswood Tavern, where we bivouacked about 5 p. m. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 6th the head of the column got in motion: the Second Brigade, Colonel Griffin, having the advance, moved near to the Old Wilderness Tavern, and thence out on the road to Parker's Store. About half a mile out on this road I caused the Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers to be deployed to the front as skirmishers, and the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the First Brigade, for the same purpose, to cover the flanks of the column. About half a mile farther we found the enemy's skirmishers, who gave back before us. After crossing a small stream I formed line with three regiments of the Second Brigade and advanced till I found the enemy on the opposite side of an open field, drawn up in some force (and with a battery) from a quarter to a half mile from the junction of the Parker's Store and plank roads. The enemy opened a brisk fire from their battery and from small-arms. I moved the line forward to the edge of the

