
with the Second Corps. On the 13th, 14th, and 15th the skirmishing was quite sharp, and we strengthened and improved our trenches and batteries as much as possible. On the 16th we made a strong demonstration to fell the enemy, but beyond causing a development of a large force we did nothing. The usual skirmishing and artillery firing continued till the morning of the 18th, when we attacked the enemy with vigor all along the line, made three charges on his works, and met wight considerable loss. We did not succeed in carrying his works, but gained some important ground, rendering parts of his line untenable. During the evening we prepared to change our position, moving before dark on the morning of the 19th to neighborhood of the Anderson house, the enemy at the same time giving indications of withdrawing. Here we intrenched ourselves, and on the 20th made two reconnaissances toward Stanard's and Smith's Mills and the Po.

The losses in the operations before Spotsylvania were 175 killed, 762 wounded, 256 missing; total, 1,193.

THIRD.

On the afternoon of the 21st of May I received orders to break up camp, and moved toward Guiney's Station, intending, if possible, to cross the Po at Stanard's Mill, for which purpose I dispatched the First Brigade, under Colonel Curtin, with Jones' Eleventh Massachusetts Battery, to possess themselves of the crossing, and followed soon after with my other brigade and the Nineteenth New York Battery and trains. On arriving near Stanard's Mill I found Curtin had driven the enemy's skirmishers across the river, and that they had opened a lively shell fire on his advance. His skirmishers were very briskly engaged along the river bank. I found the enemy strongly intrenched on the north side of the river, and while examine the ground for positions and to find a ford, I received an order to suspend any attack, to place one brigade and a battery in position to cover the passing column, and to move by way of Smith's Mill to Downer's Bridge. I had already experienced some trouble from my left flank and wagon train having been fired into by the pickets of a regiment of cavalry near Smith's Mill. I finally succeeded in communicating with them, and set about repairing the bridge at Smith's Mill, from whence I moved forward with my wagons, one brigade, and a battery to Downer's Bridge, where I arrived about 5 a. m. of the 22nd. The First Brigade, after both corps (the Sixth and Ninth) were all past Stanard's Mill, followed after, and found me about 1 p. m., and I then moved my command to Bethel Church.

On the 23rd we marched to the vicinity of Ox Ford, on the North Anna, and on the 24th crossed the North Anna at Chesterfield Bridge, and moved into position on the right of Mott's brigade, of Birney's division, of the Second Corps, pushing forward after a sharp skirmish well up to the enemy, my right resting on a bluff on the river. I was now ordered to report to General Hancock; moved forward my left early in the evening, and commenced entrenching. On the 25th we had nothing but ordinary picket-firing. On the afternoon of the 26th I attacked and drove back the whole line of the enemy's skirmishers in my front, and established my line farther in advance. I lost considerably, including among the killed Lieutenant-Colonel Pearson, commanding Sixth New Hampshire, a very fine officer. I withdrew my whole command between 9 and 10

59 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

