
o'clock at night, recrossed the North Anna, and went into camp near Mount Carmel Church. My loss during these operations amounted to 11 killed, 37 wounded, 1 missing; total, 49.

FOURTH.

We moved from Mount Carmel Church on the afternoon of the 27th, and crossed the pamunkey near hanovertown about 10 p. m. on the night of the 28th. On the morning of the 29th we moved to the left of haw's Shop and intrenched, and on the 30th moved forward, crossed the Totopotomoy near Via's and advanced about half a mile after sharp skirmishing, when I threw up entrenchments, my pickets being half a mile farther out. On the 31st I advanced about three-quarters of a mile farther, over the worst ground I ever knew, having a brisk skirmish, and meeting with some loss, including Major Gilmour, of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, an invaluable officer, mortally wounded. On the 1st of June we felt the enemy in the morning, and they returned the same in the evening. During the night and on the withdrawal of the Second Corps from our right we returned to the line we took up on the 30th, holding the advanced line with our skirmishers. From the Totopotomoy we moved on the afternoon of the 2nd to the vicinity of Bethesda Church, taking up position on the extreme right, having some slight skirmishing with the enemy, who had followed us and the 3rd I attacked the enemy vigorously with my First Brigade, Colonel Curtin; drove their skirmish line across the creek, taking a few prisoners; crossed the creek, drove the enemy from a house and outbuildings and some breast-works within a few yards of the road running to Shady Grove and Cold Harbor, on which was their main line. Colonel Curtin immediately occupied and held this advanced position, from which we blew up two caissons and completely silenced the enemy's battery. Finding the enemy were too strong for me to carry the line with the force then engaged, and my Second Brigade, Colonel Griffin's being relieved from the duty of watching the right (General Wilson of the cavalry being then moving up), I commenced putting Griffin in position to move across the road. While making preparations I received notice not to attack until after 1 p. m., to enable General Willcox to attack simultaneously, the signal being the opening of his batteries. Before, however, the hour arrived for the attack all offensive operations were suspended by order. The enemy opened quite a furious fusillade upon the whole line early in the afternoon, and attempted under its cover to haul off their battery by means of prolongs, but were prevented by our fire. My losses during the day were quite severe. During the night the enemy withdrew from my front in silence, leaving their dead unburied and some wounded on the field in silence, leaving their dead unburied and some wounded on the field, together with a caisson and ammunition and several hundred stands of small-arms, which were collected. Judging from the number of their dead on the field their loss must have been much heavier than mine.

On the afternoon of the 4th I moved to the Woody house, and relieved a brigade of Birney's division, of the Second Corps, lying between Woody's and Tucker's. On the night of the 5th I was ordered to change my line, drawing back and extending my right and holding the hill near Tucker's, in front and to the right, with skirmishers, giving me a line of skirmishers over 2 miles in length.

