
On the afternoon of the 6th the enemy drove in my skirmishers and planted two batteries near Tucker's and Bosher's houses, and cannonaded us with rapidity, but without much damage. The enemy withdrew during the night and we re-established our skirmish line as before. On the 7th the enemy again drove in the skirmishers on the hill near Tucker's and captured a few prisoners from a working party, and opened a furious shelling from a battery, which did little damage, excepting to horses about my headquarters. At night I made preparations to retake the hill, but on advancing my skirmishers, the enemy fell back and I retook the position, which I thoroughly fortified on the 8th, and placed a sufficient force on it to hold it. Nothing of importance occurred until we moved from here on the 12th. My losses were during this time, 109 killed, 573 wounded, 64 missing; total 746.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps.

Numbers 228. Report of Captain Percy Daniels, Seventh Rhode Island Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT RHODE ISLAND VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., June 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor of making the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the present campaign in Virginia, from its commencement to date:

With the corps (Ninth) we moved from Bristoe, Va., May 4, toward the Rappahannock.

The next day we were detached from the brigade to guard trains, but rejoined it in time to share in the bloody struggles around Spotsylvania Court-House. There, on the 10th of May, we formed part of the supporting line, and were exposed to a light fire, with no chance of returning it. Lost 1 man wounded. The night of the 10th, and on the 11th, we picketed on the left of our lines, and in the actions of the 12th and 18th we took a prominent part and lost the actions of the 12th occupied and held a position from which two large regiments had already been driven, and on the 18th held a position in front of our lines for six hours, exposed to a raking fire from a battery not 10 rods distant, and great credit is due the officers and men for their gallantry in undauntingly facing that storm of shot and shell until the position was covered by the construction of pits in our rear. Darkness had hardly put an end to the carnage on the 12th before we were throwing up entrenchments, and, by working all night with bayonets, cups, wooden shovels, and a few entrenching tools, morning found us behind friendly works, which we occupied, continually skirmishing and strengthening our posi-

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

