
tion, until we left them to participate in the engagement of the 18th. We lost in these struggles 62-13 killed and 49 wounded-nearly all in the battles of the 12th and 18th.

On the morning of the 19th that part of our line (the right) was evacuated, and this (First) brigade started at 1 a. m. and moved southerly 3 miles. Formed new lines, again fortified, and occupied our works undisturbed until the afternoon of the 21st, when, with the brigade, we moved another 3 miles still to the south, and took position in front of the enemy's works on the Po River, to cover the forks in the roads and the passing of our columns during the night. When we first took the position the enemy tried to shell us out, but the thick woods protected us. No one was hit. They opened again the next morning, just after we had left to bring North Anna. The Second Corps had already got a foothold on the south bank, and, on the 24th, our brigade crossed under a heavy fire of artillery from batteries up the river, and took position on the front line and on the right, and that night build more entrenchments; and until the night of the 26th we occupied those lines, busy strengthening the works and continually skirmishing, while a large force was pushing toward the Pamunkey, and where,, from the north bank of the North Anna, we saw the sky crimsoned with the flames form the bridge we had just recrossed, and its carpet of pine boughs that hushed the usual noise of moving columns and the heavy step of feet. Federal artillery covered the crossing of the Pamunkey at Hanover City, and by marching thirty-one hours out of thirty-six we crossed there at midnight of the 28th. The forenoon of the 29th we moved 3 miles and found the enemy and commenced fortifying, but were soon after relieved, and rested during the afternoon. The 30th we supported the skirmish line, which drove the enemy about a mile, and that night build a line of entrenchments twice our regimental front.

The next day the Second Brigade took the advance and drove the enemy about half a mile, but their line being too short to cover their ground, the Fifty-eighth Massachusetts and Seventh joined them, and that night built another line of pits, which we held with heavy skirmishing until June 2, when another swing to the left was made, and that part of the line consequently abandoned. We moved 3 or 4 miles, closely followed by the enemy, and about 3 p. m., stacked arms, the whole of the corps together, in an open field near Bethesda Church. We wee none too soon. The rear guard had hardly got in before the heavy columns of Ewell's corps suddenly and in mass were hurled on our flank; but the echo of the first gun of the pickets had hardly died away before three lines of battle were confronting the foe, and our batteries were adding their roar to the din of battle, and the enemy advanced on our lines only to be mown down and driven back. Every attempt was foiled, and at dark, having lost very heavily, they were glad to give up the contest.

This (First) brigade of General Potter's division, being in the third line, took no active part in that afternoon's works, but our time came the next morning, when at daybreak the brigade formed line for an assault on the enemy, who were intrenched in two lines just back of the battle-field of the day before, their first line on the edge of a deep swamp that was covered by a thicket of brush and sprouts, and

