
the second on a ridge beyond. We crossed our entrenchments, charged through the swamp, carried their first line, and took position within 60 yards of their second, returned their galling fire, and soon after commenced constructing cover, which was at first very slow work.

All day, like the swelling and ebbing of the voice of the winds, the noise of battle now rose to a hurricane and now sank to a whisper, but at dark we were as well protected as our foe, and our bullets had made them shy and their fire inaccurate. That night they evacuated, leaving some of their wounded on the field, and many of their dead unburied; ;and the next day we moved near Cold Harbor, where we build two lines of works, and were skirmishing most of the time until the 12th, when that position was evacuated.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PERCY DANIELS,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Rhode Island Vols.

Brigadier General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General State of Rhode Island.

Numbers 229. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.+

May 4.-The brigade moved from Bristoe Station in the direction of Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan.

May 5.-Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford.

May 6.-Early in the morning moved to Wilderness, where a severe battle took place, the brigade losing heavily. Continued fighting and skirmishing was kept up until the 12th.

May 12.-A general engagement at Spotsylvania, lasting until the 20th.

May 21.-The brigade moved in the direction of North Anna River.

May 24.-Crossed the river under a severe artillery fire from the enemy; skirmishing until the night of the 26th.

May 26.-Recrossed the river and moved in the direction of Hanovertown.

May 30.-Arrived at Hanovertown.

June 2.-In the afternoon the brigade moved from its camp at Shady Grove in the direction of Bethesda Church, at which place it arrived at about 3 p. m. A sudden and unexpected attack of the enemy upon the Second Corps called it at once to their support. Toward evening it took position in a line of works on the extreme right of our lines, skirmishing with the enemy until the morning of the 3rd, when an engagement took place, lasting nearly all day, in which the brigade lost heavily.

June 5.-

June 12.-At night quietly withdrew from the works in front, moving in the direction of James River.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

+From returns for May and June.

