
Numbers 230.

Reports of Major William B. Reynolds, Seventeenth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 6-20.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT VERMONT VOLS.,Chancellorsville, Va., May 7, 1864.

SIR: In the absence of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Cummings, wounded on the 6th instant at the battle of the Wilderness, I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of this regiment, which left the State on the 18th ultimo, and arrived at Alexandria, Va., on the 22nd ultimo, at which time and place I joined the regiment for duty, and were it was assigned to the Second Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, Colonel Griffin, Sixth New Hampshire Regiment, commanding.

The regiment marched from Alexandria on the 27th ultimo, and arrived at Bristoe Station on the following day, where it was encamped until the 4th instant, when it marched to Bealeton Station. The march was resumed on the 5th, crossing the Rappahannock and the Rapidan, via Rappahannock Station and Germanna Ford. At 2 a. m. on the 6th, this regiment leading the corps, we advanced along the plank road leading from Germanna Ford to the field of battle, which I shall call Wilderness. At sunrise the regiment was in line of battle on the right of the brigade, preceded by skirmishers from the Sixth New Hampshire Regiment, and supported by the Eleventh New Hampshire Regiment. At 9 a. m. the skirmishers in front having been withdrawn, the regiment, without support on its right, advanced through a dense pine thicket (having to crawl about 50 yards on hand and knees) and drove the enemy from behind a rail fence which he had occupied during the morning. This position the regiment held during the remainder of the forenoon, under a sharp fire of musketry and artillery at less than 400 yards, repulsing, with some loss, one attempt of the enemy to regain the position by a charge upon both flanks after our supports, as well as the regiment on our left, had been withdrawn. In this attack, I regret to state, Captain Brown, of Company A, lost his left arm, and was compelled to leave the field. Lieutenant Brown commanded the company during the remainder of the action, but left the field at night by advice of the assistant surgeon in charge, Dr. Spohn, Surgeon Edson being on duty at the division hospital by ordered to move about 1 mile to the left, where it was immediately assigned the right of an extended line, then forming for a charge upon the enemy posted behind log breast-works in a thick wood. In this position the regiment sustained a very galling musketry fire for some moments, during which Lieutenant-Colonel Cummings was wounded in the head, and assisted to the rear, when the command devolved upon me. Captain Kenfield, Company C, and Lieutenant Martin, Company E, were also wounded. At about 2 p. m. the charge was ordered, which resulted in driving the enemy from his log covering, and in which, I take pleasure in saying, no colors were advanced beyond those of this regiment. During the remaining part of the day, and also during the following day, this regiment was held in the second line of battle, and was not again engaged. I append a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, in action, which speaks but too plainly of what service the regiment has seen.

