
number of dead and wounded, including 1 field officer. Many of the wounded were brought within our lines at night. At 11 a. m. I was ordered to support the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers in an advance upon the enemy's works, having to move across an open field about 150 yards under fire from the enemy in his entrenchments. Having gained the shelter of a wooded knoll on my left, a few yards from the enemy, and finding that the attacking force on my right had been repulsed, I withdrew without attacking and with slight loss to the position previously occupied. The Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment formed in my rear as a support during the remainder of the day. The enemy made several attempts during the day to dislodge us, with shell, grape, and canister, from a battery, distant about 400 yards from our front. In every attempt he met a very decided repulse, his gunners being shot down at their guns, and his battery finally silenced. Our position was made secure at night by erecting a rough parapet of rails, logs, and earth, and this position we occupied, constantly under fire, without relief and with only such rest as men catch who rest upon their arms, until 2 a. m. yesterday, 19th instant, when we were withdrawn to our present position, about 3 miles farther to the left.

From a list, which I append, it will be seen that our losses are very severe, several of our most worthy non-commissioned officers having been killed on the 12th instant. I regret to add that Lieutenant Kingsbury, of Company F, while on picket on the night of the 15th instant was dangerously (I fear mortally) wounded by a picket of the Sixth New Hampshire Regiment, who mistook him for an enemy. Captain Knapp, of Company F, slightly wounded in the head on the 12th instant, left the field only by my advice, and returned to duty on the 14th.

Of the conduct of the regiment on all occasions I cannot speak too highly. Called so recently from the homes to such a bloody discipline, the officers and men of the regiment have evinced a courage and an endurance worthy of veterans. Our losses have been heavy, but we trust our sacrifices have not been in vain.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM REYNOLDS,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General, State of Vermont.

Numbers 231. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Cummings, Seventeenth Vermont Infantry, of operations May 23-June 8.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH VERMONT REGIMENT,Near Cold Harbor, Va., June 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the doings and casualties of the Seventeenth Regiment since May 23, the day I resumed command, at which time the regiment was on its march from Spotsylvania Court-House to the North Anna River;

We crossed the North Anna with the Second Brigade, Tuesday afternoon, May 24, near the crossing of the Richmond and Fred-

