
ericksburg Railroad, and immediately proceeded to intrench ourselves in our new position. We remained across the river until the 26th, when we recrossed and marched in an easterly direction until the night of the 28th, when we crossed the Pamunkey at Dabney's Ferry, near hanovertown. Since then we have been busily engaged in marching, entrenching, and skirmishing. On the afternoon of the 3rd instant the Second brigade was brought up to the assistance of the First Brigade in a vigorous assault upon the enemy in an intrenched position. The Seventeenth was on the right of the line, which was wheeled around in an open field at right angles with the main line, being subjected to an enfilading fire from our right in our new position. I detached the two right companies and moved them to some distance faced in the direction of the right of our line to assist our skirmishers. They soon succeeded in silencing the fire in their front. In the mean time there was found to be a strong rifle-pit in our front filled with the enemy, and a masked battery ready to open upon us with grape and canister. Our brigade, not receiving the support expected on the right, in a short time withdrew, firing vigorously all the time.

In this brief engagement we lost 1 killed and 15 wounded, including, I regret to say, Captain A. J. Davis, of Company B. In this stand-up fight in an open field, against an intrenched foe, the officers and men behaved with the utmost gallantry, acquitting themselves as veterans, and commanding the willing praise of their superiors and associates of the other regiments engaged. During the last fifteen days we have been under fire every day but three, and two of those days we wee on the march. if we have achieved no brilliant exploits, I feel safe in saying that we have endeavored to do our duty.

Company H, 57 men, reported for duty to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CUMMINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General, State of Vermont.

Numbers 232. Report of Captain Edward J. Jones, Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,

Before Petersburg, Va., August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, and in obedience to Colonel Monroe's instructions, I have the honor to forward the report called for in said order, viz: Casualties.*

I.

This battery was assigned to and joined the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, April 25, and with said division crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford May 5, 4.30 o'clock afternoon, and on

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed and 8 wounded.

---------------

