
the morning of the 7th, went into position under the direction of Lieutenant Benjamin, chief of artillery, Ninth Corps. A new position was assigned the battery later in the day; did not fire upon the enemy, but were under their fire for about three hours.

II.

Same evening marched with the Ninth Corps toward Spotsylvania, and on the 10th, at 5 o'clock afternoon, arrived in front of Spotsylvania Court-House and engaged the enemy, and from the 10th to the 19th this battery was in position and engaged with the enemy each day.

III.

On the morning of the 24th crossed the North Anna, and by order of General Potter reported to General Birney. Went into position in front of Hanover Junction with his troops. On the 26th recrossed the North Anna and reported to General Potter.

IV.

On the 28th crossed the Pamunkey near Hanovertown, and the next day took position assigned us in the line of battle. May 30, arrived at Atlee's Station. June 1, engaged the enemy for several hours. June 2 and 3, engaged the enemy at Shady Grove Church. June 5, arrived at Cold Harbor and in position up to 12th.*

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Arty. Brigadier, Ninth Corps.

Numbers 233. Report of Captain Edward W. Rogers, Nineteenth New York Battery.

CAMP NINETEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

Before Petersburg, August 12, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Nineteenth New York Battery in the operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's works at Petersburg July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The battery crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the afternoon of May 5, and next morning marched with the Second Division, Ninth Corps, to the battle-field of the Wilderness. Lay in park near the Lacy house all of May 6. On the morning of May 7 was put in position supporting the Provisional Brigade, but was not engaged during the day. Withdrew that evening to the road leading to Fredericksburg, and next morning marched with the Second Division.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

