
SECOND EPOCH.

Crossed the Ny on the afternoon of May 10, two guns going into position to the left, and the other four brought up at a gallop to an advanced position on the right of the pike. The latter opened on the enemy in the woods. After dark the four on the right of the road were withdrawn and put in position on the left. On the evening of the 11th the battery recrossed the Ny, and went into park. On the morning of May 12 moved close to the river, and while lying there awaiting orders was shelled by a battery of the enemy stationed on a rise of ground beyond the Anderson house. Soon crossed at the ford and went into position, four guns to the right of the orad behind a breast-work and two guns in the road. A little before noon moved the right and center sections to the right, through a ravine and across a small run, and put them in position on a rise of ground close to the pine woods occupied by the enemy. My guns were on the extreme left and nearest the enemy of the batteries in position in that opening. I opened with case-shot and canister upon the woods and a house occupied by the enemy. About noon my battery was charged upon by a brigade of the enemy. My only support was the Second Michigan Infantry, about 115 strong. The musketry fire soon killed or disabled nearly all of my cannoneers, but by using the drivers, and with the assistance of volunteers from the Second Michigan Infantry, I kept up a continual fire of canister until the enemy was repulsed, leaving many of his dead and wounded upon the field. The enemy's fire was so severe, and men fell so rapidly, it was with great difficulty I kept the pieces manned, although I can say with pride no man of the battery deserted his post. I am much indebted to the men of the Second Michigan Regiment who so gallantly came to our assistance.

The fire of the Seventh Maine Battery, Captain Twitchell, which had just come into position across the ravine to my left, assisted very materially in the repulse of the enemy, as also did my left section, under Lieutenant Long, which came up at a gallop and went into position under a heavy fire on the right of the other sections.

My loss in this action was 7 men killed and 9 wounded, of whom 3 have since died. After the enemy was repulsed and the firing at that point had ceased, the right and center sections were withdrawn and went into park in rear of the line. About 2 o'clock the next morning these four guns with other batteries, pieces of batteries, &amp;c., were taken charge of by Captain Roemer, acting chief of artillery, and marched over very bad roads until about 5 p. m., when they arrived at the point from which they started in the morning. This march nearly ruined many of my horses. That evening I went into position with other batteries of the Ninth Corps in the opening to the left of General Burnside's headquarters. Remained there until 1 a. m. May 19, when I joined the Second Division, and marched some 4 or 5 miles to the left. Went into position on the line of the Second Division, and threw up epaulements in front of my guns.

THIRD EPOCH.

At 5 p. m. May 21 marched with the Second Division; about dark halted in the road, and remained there under fire of the enemy's artillery until near midnight, then resumed our march

