
toward the North Anna. Crossed the North Anna the afternoon of May 24, under fire of the enemy's guns. Went into park near General Potter's headquarters. Remained there until the evening of May 26, when we recrossed the river on the pontoon bridges.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Late in the evening of May 28 the battery crossed the Pamunkey on the pontoons. New morning moved out about 2 miles, went into position, remained a short time, moved back a short distance, and went into park.

May 30, moved again, and about 5 p. m. crossed Totopotomoy Creek, and went into position near the Jones House; threw up breast-works for my guns.

June 1, about noon my battery moved up into the woods, close in rear of the line of the Second Division, which was the right of the Ninth Corps. The Fifty-first New york Regiment slashed away a piece of the woods, which enabled me to use my guns there. Being the only battery close to the line, it was necessary to keep up a pretty constant fire during the day. We not only annoyed the enemy in front of the Second Division, but also cleared away the sharpshooters in front of General Owen's brigade, of the Second Corps.

When, toward evening, General Hartranft's brigade was attacked, my guns opened and threw case-shot into the enemy's lines with good effect, and assisted materially in checking his advance. As soon as this affair was over, I was ordered by General Burnside to withdrew from the woods, and, with the Eleventh Massachusetts Battery, to take a position to protect our right flank as the Second Corps was withdrawing from our right. I put the battery in position on the crest of the hill overlooking the deep ravine we had crossed the day previous, and threw up earth-works.

June 2, moved with the Second Division to the left, toward Cold Harbor. The rear of the column was attacked that evening, and I put my battery in position, but was not engaged.

June 3, went into position before sunrise on the front line, with the Second Division, which was that day on the extreme right. As the troops advanced to the attack, I opened fire, and continued firing during the day as occasion required. The fire of my guns was apparently effective, among other things, exploding two of the enemy's ammunition chests.

The enemy fell back that night, and the next day we resumed our march toward Cold Harbor, and went into park that night near Woody's house. While the army lay near Cold Harbor my battery was in position on the front line, three guns with the First Brigade and three with the Second Brigade, Second Division. Although most of the time under fire of artillery and musketry, was not actually engaged.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. ROGERS,

Captain Nineteenth New York Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

