
my left. Being near the spot, I got some artillery to bear on the point, rallied the troops which broke, and, on Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, Third Maryland, coming up with a brigade of the First Division, the lines was re-established.

June 2, the division moved to Bethesda Church. Observing that the First Division had left no pickets on the main road by which it had marched, I sent word of it to Major-General Burnside, who directed me to send out pickets, and I ordered out the Twentieth Michigan. This regiment was not fairly posted ere the enemy came down in force. The troops generally were not expecting our prepared for an attack, and the Twentieth Michigan bravely held the forks of the road until re-enforced, and the troops were got into line fronting the enemy, when a fierce attack ensued, principally upon the First Division.

June 3, at Bethesda Church in the morning we advanced in line from our entrenchments toward the enemy, and drove him from the line he had captured on the 1st to within from 75 yards at one point to 300 yards at another of the enemy's main works. The Fifth Corps troops came up on my left after this advance was made by my division. The Second Division, of the Ninth Corps, was on my right and equally engaged. Preparations were made for a final assault, which, however, was countermanded. The enemy suffered very heavily and abandoned their grounds during the night.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. (LATE) THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Peebles' House, Va., October 29, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this division from May 4 to July 30:

FIRST EPOCH.

On the 5th marched from Rappahannock Station, crossed Germanna Ford, relieved Ricketts' division, of Sixth Corps, about 2 miles from the ford, and remained in position during the eight confronted by the enemy's cavalry pickets.

May 6, followed the Second Division up plank road to Parker's Store road. Detached Hartranft's brigade to support the Second Division and remained in position across Parker's Store road with the Second (Christ's) brigade and a section of Roemer's artillery. The Second Brigade was shelled by a battery of the enemy on a ridge across Wilderness Run, and skirmished with the enemy on its right and front until 2 p. m., when it was withdrawn, by General Burnsides' orders, to support Hartranft's brigade. The Second Division having engaged the enemy in heavy force between the Fifth and Second Corps, Hartranft advanced his brigade on the right of the Second Division, charged the enemy's works, which the Eighth Michigan broke through, capturing some prisoners temporarily, but this

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

