
advantage was lost by the Second Division falling back before the enemy. Still, with his ranks somewhat broken, Hartranft held his main line until I came up with Christ's brigade, when the enemy was completely checked. At about 5 p. m. I was ordered to attack at 6 o'clock, supported by the Second Division. General Hancock was to attack at the same hour, but the enemy attacking him first, my lines were formed rapidly and attacked at about 5.30. We drove in the enemy's skirmishers, broke their main line, which had come out of their works, and forced it back. The left of the line, Christ's brigade, broke through their entrenchments, which we held for a while with their dead and wounded in our hands, but the enemy outflanked us here, and the fire from the works was so severe on the right as to check hartranft's advance. Here I halted under a prolonged and severe fire from the enemy, my main line neither falling back nor advancing but holding the ground up to the teeth of the enemy until night, when the enemy retired. I was enabled about dusk to open communication with the Second Corps on our left, which was understood to be one of the objects in sight. Casualties for the day: Killed and wounded, 469; missing, 12; aggregate, 481.

SECOND EPOCH.

The division marched from the Wilderness on the 8th, bringing up the rear and holding enemy's cavalry in check until al that could be moved of the hospitals were got away, Christ's brigade being deployed for this purpose. At Chancellorsville I passed the other divisions of the corps, and camped near Perry's house, 2 miles toward Fredericksburg.

On the 9th I started, under orders from corps headquarters, about 4 a. m. for a point called Gate, where the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road crosses the Ny River, to take position, without orders to cross the river. Found enemy's pickets 1 mile from the river, chased them back rapidly, seized the bridge, and crossed Christ's brigade, the Sixtieth Ohio, a new regiment, deployed as skirmishers. Planted my two batteries, Roemer's and Twitchell's, on the north side and took position on the crest of a slope on the opposite side, some 300 yards from the river, with left resting at once of the Beverly houses. The enemy opened upon me with a field battery, and charged first with a brigade of dismounted cavalry, and afterward with a brigade of Longstreet's corps. Mean time I moved over all of Hartranft's brigade, except the Second Michigan, and sent back for the First Division, which General Burnside had ordered up part way from Chancellorsville to support me, but by 12 m., and before the First Division arrived, the enemy's repeated assaults were effectually repulsed, and he retired behind a narrow strip of woods toward Spotsylvania Court-House, which was distant about a mile from my front, leaving 50 prisoners, including some wounded, in our hands. During the rest of the day I crossed two brigades of the First Division retaining one as a reserve and to guard the fords, and held the position without further annoyance, except from skirmishers. The Seventeenth Michigan, Colonel Luce; Twentieth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Cuthcheon; Seventy-ninth New york, Colonel Morrison, who was wounded; and Sixtieth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel McElroy, distinguished themselves in this affair, as well as Colonel Christ, commanding Second Brigade. Casualties: Killed and wounded, 167; missing, 21; aggregate, 188.

