
Next day, the 10th, the gallant Brigadier-General Stevenson, commanding First Division, was killed by a sharpshooter. On afternoon of same day General Burnside came up, together with the Second Division, and a demonstration was made by the corps toward the Court-House. On the 11th the division crossed back with the corps, but before daylight next morning recrossed the Ny and fought the enemy again.

May 12, this division marched in reserve to the corps until about --o'clock. I was ordered up to attack on the left of the First Division. As my left, the Second Brigade, Colonel William Humphrey, Second Michigan, now commanding the brigade, was already skirmishing with the enemy, I moved up in echelon, Hartranft's brigade on the right and in advance. Found General Crittenden, commanding First Division, had refused his left, and I moved up Hartranft in line with his right. Posted Twitchell's battery on my right front and Roemer's battery in rear of Humphrey's brigade, and reported to General Burnside that I expected an attempt of the enemy to attack and turn my left, now the extreme left of the Army of the Potomac. The order was reiterated for me to attack in front and in line with Crittenden, and was obeyed as promptly as Humphrey's brigade could be moved up, but I took the precaution to advise Lieutenant Benjamin, chief of artillery, to mass artillery in rear of my left, which he promptly id, bringing up two additional batteries. I had no sooner advanced my troops in two lines when they met my attack in the woods on my right front, and brought up a field battery to an opening opposite my left center, and fired solid shot and canister on the troops and batteries. The latter replied vigorously, particularly Roemer, and the troops partly changed front by my orders, and advanced handsomely along the whole line until two columns of a brigade each charged upon the left batteries. A section of Wright's battery had its cannoneers shot down, and for a time was hors de combat. At one time the enemy was within 10 paces, but the Second Michigan, supporting this battery, manned the guns, and with the aid of the canister of the other batteries repulsed the charge splendidly. The brave Captain Farrand, commanding Second Michigan, was killed. Barbour's rebel brigade was completely scattered, and its commander, Colonel Barbour, with some 80 others were captured. But in the woods my front line suffered by the retreating enemy. Much confusion prevailed here, the captors of one moment being prisoners the next. The second line of both brigades, with little less loss in killed and wounded, pushed ahead and held their ground in the woods with obstinate pluck until their ammunition was exhausted, when, with fixed bayonets, they still held ammunition was replenished and a line of breast-works was hastily thrown up. On the whole, my advance was checked, but the grand attempt of the enemy to capture our batteries and turn our left was decidedly foiled, and with much greater loss to them than that which they inflicted on me.

The enemy next moved a strong skirmish line around my left and rear, which compelled me to detach two regiments to protect this flank, and connect with and support Marshall's Provisional Brigade of new troops, which held the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road, and this last maneuver of the enemy effected nothing. Casualties of the day: Killed and wounded, 768; missing, 292; aggregate, 1,060.

