
From the 12th to the 19th the division was not engaged in chief in the further operations at Spotsylvania, but my batteries rendered good service, and on several occasions silenced the guns of the enemy firing on me and other troops of the army. On the 19th I moved by the Beverly and burnt houses, and took a position on the left of Ricketts' division, Sixth Corps.

THIRD EPOCH.

On May 21 started for Guiney's Station, but was detained till night-fall in support of the Sixth Corps, which was attacked in moving out. Marched all night via Smith's Mill and Alsop's. 22nd, marched to Bethel Church. 23d, marched to Ox Ford, on North Anna River, and relieved Mott's division [brigade], Second Corsp. 24th, made a demonstration to cross the ford. Silenced the enemy's artillery commanding the crossing, and advanced skirmishers to an island, near the ford, with my troops and Robinson's brigade, of the First Division, ready to charge across, but the enemy was intrenched fully, and the order to charge was countermanded by General Burnside, as the sacrifice of life would have been undoubtedly too great for the result to be obtained, other parts of the army having crossed above and below without serious opposition. The rest of the operations on the North Anna were confined to demonstrations of the infantry and co-operation use of artillery in support of other troops.

Losses on the North Anna River: Killed and wounded,, 40; missing, 8; aggregate, 48.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27, broke camp at Ox Ford and marched for the Pamunkey. Crossed on the 29th near Hanovertown at 1 a. m., and on the same morning went into position, near Haw's Shop, on left of Second Corps. Sent out reconnaissance same day, under Colonel Humphrey, to feel for the enemy on the left of and in connection with the Second Corps.

May 30, crossed Totopotomoy Creek and intrenched in face of the enemy, on the left of Second Division, Ninth Corps, and right of Griffin's division, Fifth Corps.

May 31, advanced my whole line, skirmishing with the enemy to within 200 yards of their main line of entrenchments.

June 1, extended my left to Shady Grove road. Toward dusk an attack was made on the Fifth Corps, and First Division, of Ninth Corps, immediately on my left. The latter had their right across the road and at this point was driven in, exposing my Second Brigade's left, which I threw back slightly, and which held its own, supported by a regiment of Hartranft's brigade, until the First Division troops were rellied and the line re-established. My troops behaved with the utmost coolness and gallantry under circumstances so trying.

June 2, marched to Bethesda Church with the First and Second Divisions. The enemy pressed down the road taken by the First Division, but was held in check by the Twentieth Michigan, of Christ's brigade, until the First Division formed to resist an attack, which followed very heavily, the enemy capturing an old line of

60 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

