
Numbers 235. Report of Brigadier General John F. Hartranft, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, from May 4 to July 29, 1864, inclusive:

FIRST EPOCH.

This command consisted of the following regiments, viz, Second Michigan Veteran Infantry, Colonel William Humphrey commanding; Eighth Michigan Veteran Infantry, Colonel Frank Graves commanding; Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Edwin Schall commanding; Seventeenth Michigan Infantry, Colonel Constant Luce commanding; One hundred and ninth New York Infantry, Colonel B. F. Tracy commanding; and the Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry, Major Samuel Moody commanding.

In obedience to orders from the general commanding, I broke camp on the morning of the 4th May, at Warrenton Junction, Va., leaving the Second and Seventeenth Michigan on the line of the railroad near Warrenton Junction, with orders to remain until relieved, and, moving with the balance of the command down the railroad, crossed the Rappahannock River at 2.30 p. m., and a mile beyond went into camp. At 5 p. m. same day formed the line and moved a half mile to the front, when the column was halted, and soon after ordered back to camp. On the morning of the 5th I marched at 5 a. m., crossing the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at 12 m., and moved on down the road nearly 2 miles, then filed into woods on the right of the orad, advanced about a half mile, when I relieved part of Ricketts' division, Sixth Corps, forming line in the edge of the woods. In front of my left was a large open field, where the cavalry vedettes of both armies were watching each other's movements. In front of my center was a narrow strip of woods, forming a right angle with the woods I occupied. In front of my right was a road (passing through the line to the front), crossed by

-----

Run, which emptied into the Rapidan 200 yards to the right. My own pickets were beyond this run; also the cavalry vedettes. The enemy's cavalry vedettes were also in sight. On my right flank was cleared ground. The Rapidan here made a short curve, which was not more than 100 yards from my right, and a little to my rear. There was a clear view to Germanna Ford, which did not appear to be more than a mile distant. About dark part of the First Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Stevenson, moved up, taking position to my rear, with the right resting on the Rapidan at the curve. During the afternoon, the Second and Seventeenth Michigan came up and were places in reserve. Toward evening there was heavy firing of artillery and musketry to the left, in which Ricketts' division was engaged.

On the morning of the 6th I marched with the whole brigade, following the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Benjamin C. Christ, to the left of the Fifth Corps, near the

-----

house. The Second Corps was then fighting still farther to the left. The Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General R. B. Potter, now moved

