
about 1 mile to the front, between the Second and Fifth Corps. This division followed with brigades in the same order. I formed line on the left of Potter's division, facing southwest, about 7 a. m. Soon after Potter's division was ordered to the left, and I was ordered to his support. This movement was to the rear, and on account of the underbrush was not very promptly made. After moving back nearly a mile the lines were again formed. I formed in support of the First Brigade (Potter's division), commanded by Colonel Z. R. Bliss, facing south, and perhaps a little east of south. The advance was made with great difficulty, on account of the woods and under-brush, which were on fire. When we found the enemy my front was uncovered by Bliss' brigade. I formed my line, making nearly a right angle, facing south and east. The enemy was in force in front of my left. While in this position I received orders from Major-General Burnside to advance and carry the enemy's works. I ordered the advance at 10 a. m., holding the Second Michigan in reserve and directing the Seventeenth Michigan to watch well the right flank. The line moved forward and carried the enemy's works and held them for a moment, until a panic seized the left, which brought the whole line back in confusion. I immediately advanced skirmishers from the Second Michigan and Seventeenth Michigan; also moved the Seventeenth more to the left, and on these regiments reformed my line. In this charge many prisoners were taken from the enemy, but lost, perhaps, and equal number. It was here that Colonel Frank Graves, Eighth Michigan, fell at the head of his regiment, within the enemy's works. He held his regiment in gallant style. After this repulse Christ's brigade came up and took position on my left. At 4.30 p. m., in obedience to orders from the general commanding the division, I again advanced, but found the enemy's fire very severe. My line halted. I did not order it forward, but reported to the general commanding the division. I was soon after notified that no farther advance would be made. In this last advance my loss in killed and wounded was larger than in the morning. My brigade was relieved at dark by Bliss' brigade, and moved to the right to cover the road leading south.

Early in the morning of the 7th I advanced the line about 200 yards, stretching across the road, with right refused so as to form an angel of about 45 degrees with the road, and built breast-works. There was slight skirmishing with the enemy during the day. On the morning of the 8th moved to the left through Chancellorsville, and went into camp about 2 miles beyond in the afternoon.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the morning of the 9th marched at 5 a. m., following Christ's brigade. After marching about 3 miles formed line of battle. Christ was then skirmishing with the enemy on the opposite bank of the Ny River, near the----house. As Christ moved his brigade across the river, I moved up to its bank, with the Seventeenth Michigan on the road, the Second Michigan about 200 yards to the right of the road, and the Twenty-seventh Michigan about 200 yards to the left of the road. I instructed Major Moody, commanding the latter, to build a bridge, so as to be able to cross speedily, if necessary. The Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Schall commanding; Eighth Michigan Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Ely commanding, and One hundred and ninth New

