
York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel commanding, I held in reserve. When Christ was attacked on his left, I sent the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers over the river to support that part of the line. When the direct front was attacked, I moved over the Seventeenth Michigan, which moved up the road on the double-quick. Crist's line had given way on the left of the road, and the enemy were charging up. The Seventeenth Michigan now formed line in the orad, facing to the left and delivered a murderous fire into the flank of the enemy's advancing line. This checked the enemy, who retired in confusion and did not again advanced on any part of our line during the day. Stevenson's division coming up, I was ordered to move over the river my remaining regiments, except the Second Michigan. General Stevenson also moved over a portion of his command and placed them in position. My regiments were scattered from right to left, being sent forward by regiments to support and strengthen the line. In view of this I was placed in command of the troops to the right of the road. I immediately extended the right so as to secure the bank of the river and built breast-works. During the next day I continued strengthening the works, advancing, and re-establishing the picket-line. Colonel Humphrey, commanding the Second Michigan, was ordered to report direct to the general commanding the division. At 6 p. m., in obedience to orders, I advanced the line. The Second Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Griffin commanding, was in support. Captain Twitchell reported to me with his battery. I placed him in position on the line of breast-works, facing well to the right. As the line advanced he opened fire. I soon afterward received an order to hold on to my right, and that, as the line on the left of the road would change direction to the right, I should swing my left with it. I held on to my right, but the line on the left of the road continued its advance tothe front nearly a mile. I was compelled to fill in and lengthen my line in order to keep up the connection until I had much less than a line of battle. The troops were halted in this position, and during the night build breast-works.

On the next day continued strengthening this position by working and also by filling in part of Griffin's brigade. In the afternoon all the troops were withdrawn tothe southeast side of the river and placed in camp, about three-fourths of a mile from it. At dusk orders were received to move back, but on account of the delay of the Second Division in recrossing the bridge was again placed in camp for the night in rear of the----house, then the headquarters of the corps.

At daylight on the morning of the 12th I moved across the Ny River. The corps was being formed in column of brigades, my brigade forming the fifth line, with my left regiment resting on the road, covering the left regiment of the preceding brigade, and about 100 yards in rear of it. The left regiment was the directing regiment. As the column advanced it changed direction to the right, making almost a full right angle. As soon as I passed outside the line of rifle-pits occupied the day before, I ordered two companies to the left as flankers. They soon found the enemy's skirmishers under cover of the woods. As the line was thus advancing, the enemy opened his guns on the left, enfilading the same. In obedience to orders from the general commanding, the front was immediately changed to the left. Two guns of Captain Twitchell's battery were brought up, placed in position, and, after firing a few

