
shots, silenced the enemy's guns. The Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers now deployed six companies as skirmishers, supporting them with four, succeeded in securing the crest in the woods, compelled the enemy's skirmishers to burn a house, and fall back. Christ's brigade, commanded by Colonel De Land, was on my left, with skirmishers in his front in the woods. I again ordered the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to advance and gain the next crest, which was strongly contested by the enemy's skirmishers, but before the advance was made I was ordered to withdraw the entire brigade, except the skirmishers, and march direct moved about a half mile with my advance regiment, when the movement was countermanded. As we moved to and from the enemy opened his batteries on the line. I reformed about on the same ground, except extending a little more to the left, in the following seventh Michigan Volunteers, One hundred and ninth New York, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, four companies Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and Seventeenth Michigan. During this movement my skirmishers had been driven in. I immediately advanced them again. The Second Michigan was then supporting two guns of Wright's battery immediately to the left of the line. The left of my line now occupied the same ground previously occupied by De Land's brigade, and his skirmishers were still along the edge of the woods, about 50 yards in advance. On the left of the Fifty-first skirmish line was a thicket of woods and underbrush, which was the same woods described as in front of De Land's skirmishers. These woods were shelled by our batteries. It was now 2 p. m., and I was ordered to attack at once. I moved forward and soon discovered that the enemy were at the same time moving through this thicket in front of my left. His left and my left became entangled, which resulted in the loss and gain of some prisoners and the loss of the colors of the Seventeenth Michigan and Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. The enemy's cannon poured their shot through my lines from the front, and his infantry being in superior force on my left, my line was compelled to retire. The enemy were within a few feet of Wright's two guns on the left, but the Second Michigan, under the command of the gallant Captain Farrans, repulsed the enemy most handsomely. After all the gunners were killed or wounded, he manned the guns from his regiment, but he was killed soon after while bravely directing the fire of the pieces he had so hastily manned. Six guns farther to the right and rear, under the personal direction of the general commanding the division, opened fire upon the enemy and did good execution in driving him back. This was a repulse to my line, but the enemy failed equally in his object, with a slight advantage of prisoners in his favor. My loss in killed and wounded was heavy. The Second Brigade, under the command of Colonel Humphrey, moved up in the attack to my support. Lieutenant-Colonel Swift, Seventeenth Michigan, was taken prisoner with the colors of his regiment while attempting to rally the same. Captain Allebaugh, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, seized the colors of his regiment after 2 color-bearers had been shot, with determination to rally his men. The enemy appeared in overwhelming numbers, and he was forced to yield. From the 13th to the 18th, inclusive, my lines remained substantially in the same position, being strengthened from day to day.

