
On the morning of the 19th, at 4a.m., moved to the extreme left of the army, following Humphrey's brigade, which was placed in position immediately on the left of the Sixth Corps. Crittenden's division was on his left. In order to complete the connection between Humphrey and Crittenden, I was directed by the general commanding to place upon the line the One hundred and ninth New York and Twenty-seventh Michigan. Strong breast-works were built and trees were felled in front. On the 20th work was continued on the line. On the morning of the 21st the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers was placed on picket. At 3 p.m. same day the division moved from the line, leaving the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on picket and the One hundred and ninth New York in the works. On account of the delay of the troops in advance, the brigade was less than a mile from the works near dusk, at which time the pickets of the Sixth Corps were attacked by a division of the enemy. The brigade was now moved back, and formed a new line about a fourth of a mile from the old position. At 8 o'clock the brigade again moved off and marched all night. I was corps officer of the day, and remained with the pickets until daylight next morning, when I followed the pickets of the Sixth Corps. The brigade crossed the Po River at 4 p.m., and went into camp near --- Church at 6 p.m. I came up with the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and ninth New York a half hour later.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the morning of the 23rd marched the brigade at 5 a.m. in advance of the corps; crossed Pole Cat Creek at 12 m.; moved toward Ox Ford, on the North Anna River, which I reached about 6 p.m., relieving Mott's [brigade], Second Corps. The pickets on the bank of the river were relieved by the Twenty-seventh Michigan. During the night built line of works near half mile from the river.

On the morning of the 24th advanced the picket. Found the enemy in force on the opposite river bank, which was in itself a natural fortification, being very rocky and abrupt, covered with heavy timber and thick underbrush.

On the 25th and 26th continued strengthening the lines.

FOURTH EPOCH.

At 11 a.m. 27th withdrew from this position. Some pickets of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers were captured, being unable to withdraw them by daylight on account of the enemy's fire. Troops marched till after night before going into camp. Marched at 6.30 next morning in advance of the corps and kept marching all day, crossing the Pamunkey at 10.30 p.m., and went into camp at 11.30 a mile beyond.

On the morning of the 29th moved at 4 o'clock, and took up position about 2 miles in advance, to the left of --- Church, and intrenched. At 5 p.m. withdrew from the work, and were placed in reserve. Moved again on the morning of the 30th at 5, and during the afternoon took position on the left of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Christ, and built works, holding the One hundred and ninth New York and Twenty-seventh Michigan in

