
reserve. On the morning of the 31st moved the line forward, Christ's brigade in reserve, skirmishing with the enemy all day, and at night established a new line, running north and south and within 200 yards of the enemy's line. The next day, June 1, I extended my left to the Shady Grove road, and built a strong line. My whole line was in the woods, but there was a clearing in front of my right. On my left, across the road, was an open field. I had no connection on the left, but was partially protected by troops of the First Division. The enemy made an attack up the Shady Grove road just before night. The First Division fell back without making any resistance, which exposed my left very much. The Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers was at this point. The regiment held its position by strengthening the left by two companies from the right wing. Part of the Sixtieth Ohio was also moved up, facing to the left and forming a right angle. The firing was continued till long after dark.

On the morning of the 2nd withdrew from this line to the line half mile in rear, originally built and occupied on the 30th day of May. At 1 p.m. same day withdrew from these works, and marched to the left. During the afternoon was placed in position by Major Morton, with the left resting on Bethesda Church and facing northwest, and built a line of works. The enemy followed Crittenden's division very closely, forming his line about half a mile from the church, and intrenched himself during the night.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd advanced the brigade (Christ's brigade) in support, with orders to retake the line occupied by Colonel Marshall the evening before. Potter's division advanced at the same time on the right. The brigade was formed in two lines, the first line, in charge of Colonel Fox, containing the Twenty-seventh Michigan in the center, One hundred and ninth New York on the right, and Eighth Michigan on the left; the second line, in charge of Colonel Humphrey, containing Second Michigan on the right, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers on the left. The lines advanced in elegant style, driving the enemy from the pits and occupied the same, which were within 200 yards of the enemy's main line, which formed re-entering angle, with four guns at the angle. The enemy fired but few shots from these guns, as my sharpshooters watched the gunners closely, but his infantry, in his lines stretching off to my left, enfiladed my line, which had no cover from the left, and being little from the troops made temporary cover by using their bayonets, tin cups, plates, etc. Guns were placed in position by Captains Roemer and Twitchell. I was again ordered to advance. The dispositions were made and the order given to the advancing regiment (Twenty-seventh Michigan, Colonel Fox commanding), but, fortunately, the order was countermanded, and the troops remained in this position till dusk, when, relieved by troops of Christ's brigade, I withdrew to the line occupied in the morning. On the afternoon of the 4th moved to the Woody house, following Christ's brigade, and relieved troops of the Second Corps in line of works facing about north and nearly at right angles to the general front. On the morning of the 5th relieved part of the Eighteenth Corps, which was in the second line.

On the 8th June I placed the Twenty-seventh Michigan, Colonel Fox commanding, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major Bolton commanding, in advance of the line occupied by Christ's brigade. These regiments built breast-works and slashed the timber in

