
their front. My command remained in this position until the evening of June 12, when it was withdrawn, following Christ's brigade, moving to the left.*

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

(Late Colonel Fifty-first Penn. Infy.), Brigadier General of Vols.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

No. 236. Report of Colonel William Humphreys, Second Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Michigan Infantry in the operations of the campaign up to July 30, during that part of the time the regiment was attached to the First Brigade, viz, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the evening of May 12; also from the evening of May 27 to the evening of June 18:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford at 3 p.m., May 5, and an hour later rejoined the brigade, from which it had been separated since the morning of the 4th. At 4 a.m. of the 6th the regiment marched with the brigade toward the field of the battle of the Wilderness, reaching the first position assigned it about 7 a.m. Near noon we were moved to the left of the first position, marched into the woods, and soon after formed with the rest of the brigade a supporting column for the Second Division, then about to charge the enemy's lines. As formed the regiment was the rear of the column, but the attack being repulsed by the enemy, the part of the column in my front broke and fled to the rear in disorder, leaving my regiment, so far as I know, the only one that retained its organization and holding its position. The regiment now formed the line, and I at once threw out skirmishers that met, checked, and held the enemy's advance until General Hartranft succeeded in rallying some of the regiments that had gone to the rear and again moved them up on to the line. Between 4 and 5 p.m. another advance was ordered and made, in which the regiment participated. In this advance, which was made under a very sharp fire from the enemy, I lost 6 men killed, and 3 officers and 29 men wounded. After dark we moved to the right a short distance, where we slept on our arms, and in the morning threw up a line of intrenchments, behind which we laid until 1 a.m. of the 8th.

SECOND EPOCH.

At 1 a.m. of the 8th moved from the position we had occupied since the evening of the 6th, taking the road leading across the Chancellorsville battle-field, passing which we moved on till we

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

