
reached the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road at a point 8 miles from the former place, where the regiment, in common with the rest of the brigade, remained until 4 a.m. of the 9th, at which time we took up our line of march for Spotsylvania Court-House. At 10 a.m. the head of the column reached the Ny River, the crossing of which was resisted by the enemy. I was here ordered to move my regiment to the right of the road and to look well to the approach of the enemy from the direction. About the middle of the afternoon I was instructed to deploy all of my men as a picket along the left bank of the Ny, and to send scouts up well to the right to feel for a connection with the left of the Fifth Corps. The line was deployed and scouts kept out as directed, but no connection was made with the Fifth Corps during the day. Soon after noon of the 10th, the Fourth and Tenth United States Infantry reported to me, and they were at once deployed along the river, their left joining the right of my own regiment and their right resting on a ford 1 1/2 miles above, connecting with Mott's division, of the Fifth Corps, at 3 p.m. Later in the day the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry also reported to me, and were placed as reserve for the pickets. During the 11th there was no change in position of the troops under my command. I kept my connection with left of the Fifth Corps perfect until the morning of the 12th.

On the 12th, at daylight, I received orders to withdraw all the pickets on the left bank of the river, direct the regiments then with me to report to their respective brigade commanders, and, with my own regiment, to rejoin the First Brigade, then on the right bank of the Ny. But while on my way to join the brigade I was met by an officer from General Burnside's staff, who directed me to move out in support of Wright's battery, then going into position on the Spotsylvania road. He also directed me to follow this battery in all its moves until further orders. An hour later this battery withdrew from its position on the road and moved to a position some distance to the right and more immediately in connection with the corps. This position was on a narrow ridge or tongue, lying perpendicular to our line of battle, and running down from the wooded, higher land just in our front. My men were moved into a shallow ravine, running down the side of this ridge, and at right angles to it. To my front, and not to exceed 50 yards, were a dense woods, and when I had reached this point the skirmish line was between my line and these woods. I immediately sent out scouts to ascertain if the enemy occupied these woods. These scouts had hardly entered the thicket of bushes that skirted the heavier timber when they were fired on, and 1 man killed and 1 wounded. This showed the enemy was there, and it was evident from movements observed through the timber a little to the right that he was there in considerable force, probably with the intention of attempting the capture of the batteries in position near Wright's. Just at this time a section of the Nineteenth New York Battery was placed a little to my right. My own men, about 200, were all the supports left for the four batteries in position near this point, and, in case of attack, no other infantry force was available for assistance, as all the enemy's lines. The assault was made by the corps about 2 p.m. Almost at the same time the enemy charged these batteries from the woods, in two columns, of a brigade each, the one emerging immediately in front of the batteries, the other from a point 100 yards to the left.

