
The section of the Nineteenth New York Battery, being nearest the woods, was the object of the direct [attack] of the enemy, and it was but a few moments before nearly every man belonging to this section was either killed or wounded, and the pieces ceased firing. The enemy was within 10 paces of the guns, and rapidly advancing; these pieces were hastily remained by men from the ranks of my regiment. The enemy was checked, and, after a short and severe contest, the first column was repulsed with a considerable loss to the enemy. The guns were then turned on the column approaching from the left, which was also hastily repulsed. The loss of the regiment for this day was very light, being but 2 killed and 10 wounded. I should add here that just before the enemy charged on these batteries, I was ordered by General Willcox, commanding the division, to take command of the Second Brigade. On the receipt of this order, I immediately turned the command of the regiment over to Captain James Farrand, who was killed soon after while bravely directing the firing of the pieces he had so hastily manned. The command of killed on the 30th ultimo while leading the regiment in a charge on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg. I have therefore completed the report of the regiment for the half day I was not with it from the best data in my reach. You will pardon me for calling attention to the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment on this occasion. Attacked by a force vastly superior, they not only maintained their ground, but so severely repulsed the enemy that he was unable to take advantage of a serious repulse of a part of our own lines at about the same time. The value of the service performed at this time may be seen from the fact that had the few men forming given way, these batteries would have been lost, our left completely turned, and the most serious consequences to the army would have followed. On the morning of the 13th the regiment was transferred to the Second Brigade, where it served till the commencement of the-

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27, the regiment was again assigned to the First Brigade just after leaving Ox Ford, on the North Anna River. Two days of severe marching brought us to Hanovertown, on the right bank of the Pamunkey. On the morning of the 29th moved out to the left of Haw's Shop. On the 30th crossed the Totopotomoy, formed in line, and threw up intrenchments during the fore part of the night.

On the morning of the 31st we advanced our line nearly half a mile to a position covering the Shady Grove road, and in the evening threw up light works. There was no change in our position June 1, but a warm skirmish was kept up along our lines during the day. At 2 p.m. of the 2nd the line was withdrawn, and we moved to the left as far as Bethesda Church, were at once put into position, and threw up intrenchments, behind which we remained during the night. At 6 a.m. of the 3rd the regiment moved with the brigade in its attack on the enemy, in which it succeeded in driving him form he pits he had captured and occupied during the night previous, driving him into another line of pits some distance to the rear of the first. This second line was abandoned during the night following. Soon after dark we returned to the position from which we moved in the morning, where we remained until 4 p.m. of the

