
4th, when we moved for Cold Harbor. While around Cold Harbor we were behind intrenchments that were thrown up by other troops, who had occupied this part of the line, while we were at Bethesda Church. During the time the regiment was around Cold Harbor it was not engaged beyond some slight skirmishing on its picket-line.*

I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. HUMPHREYS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 9th Army Corps.

No. 237. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely, Eighth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 11, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 37, August 10, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's works before Petersburg, July 30, 1864:

This regiment, with the corps, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford May 5. On the 6th was engaged in the battle of the Wilderness. 8th, moved through Chancellorsville and encamped 6 or 8 miles from Spotsylvania. 9th, moved to near Spotsylvania. 10th, was engaged in a skirmish. 12th, participated in the assault of the enemy's rifle-pits. 23rd and 24th, marched to North Anna River, lay in rifle-pits until the 28th, then crossed the Pamunkey. 29th, was on picket. 30th, advanced the line, which ensued in a sharp skirmish.

Remained behind rifle-pits until June 2, then moved to near Cold Harbor. 3rd, with the division charged and drove the enemy from their first line of works. Remained behind rifle-pits, continuing to fortify, until the 13th, when, with the Army of the Potomac, took up line of march for Petersburg.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH ELY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 238. Report of Colonel Constant Luce, Seventeenth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH MICHIGAN VOL. INFTY.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventeenth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

