
in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, Va., July 30, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

The regiment crossed the Rapidan on the 5th day of May and marched about 3 miles to a belt of woods near the battle-field of the Wilderness, arriving at the woods about 2 p.m., when the regiment was halted and ordered to stack arms and be in readiness to march at a moment's notice. At the time of our arrival at this point a portion of our army was engaged with the enemy some 2 miles farther on the road and near the Wilderness battle-field. We remained in this position about three hours, when orders were received to have the men make themselves comfortable for the night, as we were a reserve supporting the picket-line, composed of the balance of the brigade.

Early next morning, the 6th, the division marched out into the road and through the Fifth Army Corps, and filed to the right, passing to the front, where we formed line of battle, remaining in this position a couple of hours under a severe shelling from the enemy's batteries, fortunately without any casualties. We were then ordered to march by the left flank, and passed to the left at least 1 mile, when the enemy opened fire upon us. It being in the woods we did not discover the enemy until the firing commenced. We formed in line at once and returned the fire. After a few volleys both lines ceased firing, and we lay in line on our arms until nearly 3 o'clock, when a part of the division made a charge on the enemy's works and succeeded in carrying their first line, but in consequence of re-enforcements received by the enemy our troops were compelled to fall back. In doing so they passed through our lines in some confusion. My regiment arose at the time and gave three cheers and opened upon the enemy, which caused them to retire. The officers of my regiment at once commenced rallying the disorganized troops and succeeded, the men forming in our rear. Soon after our brigade was ordered to charge the enemy, and advanced some 10 rods to the brow of the hill, when the fire was so heavy that the line was obliged to halt and lie down for cover. In this charge I had 7 enlisted men killed and 30 wounded, none missing. The regiment remained until dark, when we were relieved during the night. Next morning we advanced about half a mile and erected breast-works, and remained behind them until next morning, the 8th, when we received orders to march at 4 a.m. The regiment numbered 294 guns on morning of the 6th. The officers and men behaved with great coolness and bravery during the engagement.

SECOND EPOCH.

On the morning of the 8th our division commenced our march for Spotsylvania, the First Brigade leading, and marched that day as far as the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania road, where we halted about the middle of the afternoon and pitched tents. Remained in camp until next morning, when we marched to the River Ny, the Second Brigade leading. Here we found the enemy in force, and the Second Brigade formed in line of battle and marched across the river, where they engaged the enemy. My regiment was at this

