
time supporting Roemer's battery. The Second Brigade being unable to hold its position, I was ordered forward double-quick to the assistance of Colonel Christ, who then commanded this brigade. I double-quicked my regiment from the river up the road to Colonel Christ's position, when the colonel sent an aide to show me my position. Upon discovering the enemy advancing across an open field on my left, I had my regiment wheel to the left into the road, open fire, which was done promptly, and caused a panic in the enemy's lines, which gave way from Colonel Christ's front, relieving the hard-pressed line. In this movement I was so fortunate as not to lose a man, and punished the enemy handsomely. The road I now occupied was the key to the position and necessarily should be held. I so reported to Colonel Christ, who gave me two other regiments to strengthen the position, with orders to hold it at all hazards. I put the men at work strengthening the position, which I made as strong as time and circumstances would allow. We remained in this position until the evening of the 10th, when an advance of the division was made. I advanced my regiment with the brigade nearly three-quarters of a mile, or near the enemy's line, when we barricaded and remained during the night and next day, the 11th, near evening, when we were ordered to retire across the Ny, where we remained until the morning of the 12th. I had 1 man killed in the advance on the 10th. On the morning of the 12th we were ordered forward and advanced across the River Ny, formed into line of battle, wheeling to the right. On the right of the Spotsylvania road we formed the second line, the First Division the first. We advanced until the enemy opened with his batteries. Our division was ordered to halt and lie down under cover of the hills in our front. I had 1 officer and 1 man wounded at this point. My regiment with the One hundred and ninth New York were ordered to the aid of the First Division, which was engaged on our right, and we marched into the woods, when, in a few moments, our orders were countermanded and we marched back, formed in line, my regiment on the left, and soon advanced to the front of our batteries. My regiment being on the left of the line, and, having a thick woods to advance in, I asked permission to send in a few skirmishers to learn the enemy's positions, which was granted, but before I could get a report the line was ordered to advance. After advancing about 200 yards the enemy commenced firing upon us. At this time I was near the left of the regiment urging them forward, they having lost distance in consequence of the thickness of the woods, when a private of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers touched me on the arm and said the enemy was on my left advancing. I stooped over to see them, when he was knocked across my back. While in this position the enemy's line passed over me and surrounded my regiment and captured all. But during the melee 43 men and 5 officers managed to escape and brought out with them 50 or 60 prisoners, including rebel Colonel Barbour, commanding brigade, and several other officers. I escaped soon after the enemy passed over me. I lost in this charge, 2 officers and 21 enlisted men killed, 73 enlisted men wounded, and 7 officers and 91 enlisted men captured. The officers and men that escaped were put on the line with the division and remained until relieved on the 15th, when we were detailed by General Burnside as engineers of the Third Division. During the entire day of the 12th the officers and men conducted themselves in the most gallant manner without exception.

