
THIRD EPOCH.

My regiment commenced work as engineers on the 18th by burying dead horses, making roads, and assisting at working batteries. On the 19th we commenced the march and marched about 4 miles, when we went into camp, where we remained two days, during the time cutting road from general headquarters to certain points. We then marched 2 or 3 miles and returned and waited until near next morning, when we commenced the march to the North Anna, where we were employed in cutting roads and building breast-works until the night of the 26th, we left the North Anna and marched to the brick church until we got out division train started on the road.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 27th we left the church in charge of the train which we were to guard. During the day we had considerable to do in repairing roads and bridges. On the 28th we marched to the Pamunkey, some 18 miles, where we went into camp, and remained until noon of the 29th, when we marched about 3 miles to the rear of Mechanicsville, where we encamped. On the morning of the 30th we marched through Mechanicsville to a point some 2 miles beyond, where we found the enemy and the division was engaged. My regiment was employed in making breast-works. On the 1st of June the enemy attacked our lines, and my regiment was deployed in rear to keep up stragglers. June 2, moved camp at 2 p.m., and enemy attacked us; it rained at the time; the regiment still acting as rear guard. On the 3rd the fight was renewed. The regiment was still acting as skirmishers. One man was killed this day. The next day we moved to the left about 3 miles, and encamped after dark. June 5 the regiment was employed building roads, bridges, and fort, which they continued to do until the 12th, when we commenced the march to the James River.*

Most respectfully, I remain, your obedient servant,

CONSTANT LUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Michigan Vols.

Captain R. A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Ninth Corps.

No. 239. Report of Captain Richard Vosper, Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH MICHIGAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Blick's Station, Va., September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the official report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers in the operations of this campaign up to the 30th of July, 1864:

Early on the morning of the 4th of May, 1864, pursuant to orders received the previous night, the regiment, 850 strong, Major Samuel Moody commanding, broke camp at Warrenton Junction, Va., and marched to Rappahannock Station, where we camped for the night.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

