
On the morning of the 5th we resumed our line of march to the Rapidan River, and crossing at Germanna Ford we went into position with the rest of the brigade to which we were attached. Two companies of the regiment were on the picket-line during the night, the balance of the regiment being held in reserve. At daylight on the 6th of May we withdrew from our position, marched several miles to the left, and the lines being formed, advanced upon the enemy. We were soon hotly engaged until dark, participating in the two charges made by our division during the day. In this engagement the regiment lost 2 officers killed, 3 officers wounded, and 84 enlisted men killed and wounded. Major Samuel Moody was severely wounded, but resumed his duties on the next day. Adjt. Daniel G. Cash was also wounded but did not leave the field. On the 7th of May the regiment was not actually engaged. At 1 a.m. May 8 we withdrew from our advance line and marched toward Fredericksburg. Camped for the night about 4 1/2 miles from that city. On the morning of the 9th of May we marched toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and coming up to the enemy acted as support to the Second Brigade of our division during the fight at this point. On the 10th and 11th of May we were engaged in skirmishing with the enemy and in fortifying our lines. The regiment participated in the battle of the 12th, and lost heavily in killed and wounded. Our total loss in the day's battle was as follows: Officers wounded, 3; enliste men killed, 27; enlisted men wounded, 145; enlisted men missing, 12; aggregate, 187. Captain Charles Waite, though wounded, did not leave the field until the close of the battle.

From the 13th to the 19th of May we held the position gained on the 12th, and beyond the daily skirmishing along the lines were not actively engaged. On the 17th of May Colonel D. M. Fox arrived and took command of the regiment. Early on the morning of the 19th we withdrew from our position and marched a short distance to the left, where we formed line and assisted in the construction of breast-works. We remained here until the afternoon of the 21st, when we received orders to move at 2 p.m. We moved out of our intrenchments, and marching all night, arrived at Guiney's Station at 9 a.m. Resting here until noon, we resumed our march and went into camp at dark. At 5 a.m. May 23 we took up our line of march toward North Anna River. On arriving here, near Ox Ford, seven of the companies of the regiment were deployed as skirmishers, and the line advanced toward the river. On the morning of the 24th the regiment moved forward, took part in the operations of that day, with a loss of 3 enlisted men killed and 8 wounded. At midnight the regiment was relieved and lay in reserve on the 25th and 26th of May. Pursuant to orders on the 27th the regiment withdrew and marched toward the Pamunkey. Crossed this river on the night of the 28th and went into camp.

In the operations of this month the loss of the regiment was as follows: Officers killed, 3; enlisted men killed, 44; total killed, 47. Officers wounded, 6; enlisted men wounded, 224; enlisted men missing, 16; total 246. Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing, 309.

From the 28th of May until the 2nd of June the regiment was engaged in slight skirmishing and in the construction of breast-works. On the afternoon of the 2nd we withdrew from our intrenchments and took up a new position near Bethesda Church. In the fight of that day the regiment was not engaged, being a work on the breat-

