
works. On the morning of the 3rd of June our brigade advanced upon the enemy and drove them from a line of works and occupied them until dark, when we were relieved. Our loss in this engagement was as follows: Officers killed, 2; enlisted men killed, 14; total,16. Officers wounded, 4; enlisted men wounded, 56; total wounded, 60. Aggregate, 76.

In this engagement Major Samuel Moody was again severely wounded, losing his right hand. The loss of this gallant officer was deeply regretted in the regiment. Though suffering from illness and the wound received on the 6th of May he remained at his post, on all occasions manifesting courage of the highest order, and entire devotion to the cause in which he yielded up his life. On the 4th of June the regiment moved to the left and took position on the right of the Eighteenth Corps near Cold Harbor. From this time until the 12th of June we were not engaged beyond the usual skirmishing along the lines.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

RICHARD VOSPER,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. McCREERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 240. Report of Captain Edwin Evans, One hundred and ninth New York Infantry.

FIRST EPOCH.

At about 12 m. of the 5th of May crossed the Rapidan upon pontoons near Germanna Ford. Moving along the plank road a short distance, turned to the right in the woods, formed in line of battle. Two companies of the battalion (D and I) were ordered on the picket-line, where they remained until daylight of the 6th of May, and at 5 a.m. took up our line of march toward the Wilderness. Entered the woods about 11.30 a.m. by the left flank, and was soon under fire. Came to a front, returning the fire vigorously and with considerable effect. After receiving the enemy's fire for a few moments, we were ordered to a charge, and moved at a double-quick upon the enemy, driving him from a line of works, taking some, killing and wounding quite a number of the enemy, and sustaining a loss in killed and wounded of not far from 60 men. We were relieved at 3.30 p.m., our ammunition being exhausted. Two companies (A and I) were deployed as skirmishers, and remained on the skirmish line until after dark, when the regiment retired a short distance and lay down in line of battle. At daybreak on the morning of the 7th commenced throwing up breast-works, behind which we remained until 12 m. on the 8th; a little picket-firing in our front, with one or two slight casualties.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

61 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

