
SECOND EPOCH.

On the morning of Sunday, May 8, between 12 and 1 a.m., we took up our line of march toward Spotsylvania Court-House, via Chancellorsville, halting upon the old battle-ground for coffee; were in motion again at 12.30 p.m., and marched until about 5 p.m., and halted for the night (name of place not known). Broke camp at 5 a.m. of the 9th, and marched until 10 a.m.; were formed in line of battle. At this time four companies were detached (C, E, G, and K) from the regiment as guard for the wagon train. At 10.30 a.m. we advanced across Ny River, and again formed in line of battle, and threw up light breast-works; established a picket-line; remained in this position until 5 p.m. May 10, when we were ordered to advance. Sixty men were detailed and deployed as skirmishers, and thrown forward at a double-quick under a heavy shell fire, followed by the battalion. Skirmish line advanced about one-half mile; captured a light line of works, evidently of very recent construction, and which the battalion occupied during the night. In the morning, May 11, moved a little to the right; threw up another line of works, behind which we lay until near night, when we moved to the rear, recrossed Ny River, and encamped for the night near corps headquarters, with orders to be in readiness to move at 2 a.m. the next morning. May 12, broke camp at an early hour, again crossed Ny River, formed in line of battle, and maneuvered until near 10 a.m., when we were assigned to the support of a section of a battery, where we remained for an hour, when we were moved across a field into the woods on the right. Remained here a short time, were again moved across the field to the left, formed in line of battle, faced to the west, and lay under a shell fire until near 1 p.m., when we were ordered to make a steady advance upon the enemy and find him, but, by some misunderstanding of orders, our regiment was ordered to charge upon his works, which was done in good line so far is it was possible to advance; but we found, after sustaining a heavy loss in killed, wounded, and some prisoners, that we could not take his position, and fell back to the foot of the hill about one-fourth of a mile, and commenced throwing up temporary works, which were gradually enlarged until they were considered defensible. Remained in these pits, where we were rejoined by the four companies that had been detached as train guard, until the morning of the 19th, when we left our intrenchments and moved off to the left some 4 or 5 miles. Captured another line of works, behind which we remained until May 22.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the morning of Sunday, May 22, moved at an early hour in a southeasterly direction, crossing the railroad near Guiney's Station about 1 p.m., Bowling Green at 3 p.m., Bethel Church at about 4, and halted for the night at 6 p.m. Broke camp at an early hour on the following morning, marched all day, and formed in line of battle near the north bank of the North Anna River just before dark. At about 10 p.m. commenced throwing up some earth-works, and worked all night, and in the morning took our position in the works as support to Captain Roemer's battery. May 25, two companies were sent out on picket-line, where they remained twenty-four hours, took 6 prisoners, and were relieved by two their companies, who established

