
vedette posts on the bank of the river and threw up skirmish pits, in which the reserve retired before light on the morning of the 26th, and remained here until dark, when they were relieved; returned to the regiment, which was ready to march, and soon after moved out of the works across the road in a field and lay down for the night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Were in line at daylight, May 27, and soon after was on the move. Marched all day in the direction of Hanover Court-House, crossed the Pamunkey River about 11 p.m. May 28, and soon after halted for the night. Erected some works the next morning, May 29, and rested the balance of the day. May 30 moved over to Shady Grove, rested for the night. At 10 a.m. of the 31st moved forward and formed in line of battle, and advanced across a swamp and lay down under cover of the crest of a hill, where we remained all night. On the morning of June 1 a detail of 100 men was ordered for fatigue, and, moving off to the left, constructed a line of works, behind which the regiment was ordered at 12 m., and remained here until the morning of June 2. The enemy opened quite a lively artillery fire upon us in the evening of the 1st.

June 2, moved to the rear, passing off to the left. At 2 p.m. were formed in line of battle near Bethesda Church; stacked arms and built some works, behind which we remained until morning.

June 3, advanced over our works at daylight in line of battle and charged upon a line of works occupied by a strong picket-line, driving the enemy behind his main works. Our regiment occupied the abandoned works until after dark, when we were taken out and occupied our old position, supporting Captain Roemer's battery.

Remained here until 3 p.m. June 4, and then moved to the left toward Cold Harbor; went into position behind good breast-works.

June 5, moved still farther to the left, where we made some heavy details for fatigue June 5 and 6.

June 7, moved out to front line of works to support the Forty-sixth New York; remained here until the 9th, when we were ordered back to our old position in the second line of works. Staid here until the 11th, when we were ordered to occupy some woods in the front of a fort, where we remained until the evening of June 12.*

EDWIN EVANS,

Captain, 109th New York, Commanding Regiment

[Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 241. Report of Captain Joseph K. Bolton, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., September 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 37, headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the several

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

