
engagements of the campaign, from the crossing of the Rapidan to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864, by the Fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

The Fifty-first Regiment, --- strong, crossed the Rapidan River at Germanna Ford on the 5th day of may, 1864. On the evening of the same day the regiment was ordered on picket. On the evening of 3 a.m. of the 6th. About 1 p.m. of the same day we advanced upon the enemy, drove them from their works, and captured a few prisoners. Subsequently the enemy gained a slight advantage on our left, compelling us to fall back a short distance, where we reformed our line, and again advanced, holding our ground until night, when we were relieved.

On the morning of the 7th took up a position on the right of the one held on the previous day, and constructed temporary works. Remained until 1 a.m. of the 8th. We occupied the left of the brigade. Our loss was 8 killed and 85 wounded.

SECOND EPOCH.

About 1 a.m. of the 8th we left our line of works, marched to the Po River, where we supported the Second Division in their operations. Moved to the right on the 10th instant, came in contact with the enemy's pickets at 5.30 p.m., and kept up a brisk fire during the night. At 4 p.m. of the 11th we moved to the rear, where we lay under orders until 4 a.m. of the 12th, when we took up a position on the left of the brigade. Six companies were deployed as skirmishers in front of the brigade. Our skirmishers soon became engaged with those of the enemy, and kept up a brisk fire until 1 p.m., when orders to advance were received. The brigade advanced to within about 150 yards of the enemy's works, when the enemy opened a terrific fire with artillery and infantry, to which our men gave a spirited reply. The firing lasted about twenty minutes, when a brigade of the enemy appeared on our flank, compelling us to fall back with a loss of 2 stand of colors and some prisoners. On the morning of the 19th we moved several miles to the left, and bivouacked in the woods. Went on picket on the 21st, and were compelled to fall back in the afternoon on account of a regiment giving way on our left. The loss of the regiment in this series of engagements was 107 in killed, wounded, and missing.

THIRD EPOCH.

We left the lines at Spotsylvania May 22, and after a rapid march reached North Anna River at 6 p.m. of May 23, where we took position in support of a battery. Picketed the river bank with a detail of 100 men on the 26th. Left the next morning, with a loss of 27 captured.

FOURT EPOCH.

Left North Anna May 27 at 12 m., taking up our line of march in the direction of the Chickahominy. Crossed the Pamunkey at about 10 p.m. on the 28th. Constructed a line of works on the 1st day of June. Here the skirmishers encountered the enemy. They were repulsed after lively skirmish of an hour's duration. Encountered the enemy again on June 3. The regiment occupied the left

