
of the brigade. The Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania were formed in line along the right of the open field before mentioned, when the enemy opened upon them a brisk fire of artillery from a battery upon a ridge to the left (south) of the field and across the run. By order of Colonel Christ the Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers now moved back to the left and formed-the Fiftieth to the left and the Twentieth to the right of the road by which we had advanced at its debouchment upon the open field. The First Sharpshooters remained upon the skirmish line covering the front of the brigade and connecting with the Fifth Corps on the right and with the Second Division, Ninth Army corps, upon the left. The Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers now threw up an abatis in their front and remained quiet until the middle of the afternoon, when, in accordance with orders from the general commanding, they were hastily withdrawn without waiting for the withdrawal of the First Michigan Sharpshooters. These latter were ordered to withdraw, the reserve companies immediately, and the skirmishers as quickly and as quietly as possible.

The withdrawal had scarcely commenced when the enemy detected the movement, and attacked with great vigor, driving our skirmishers in some confusion for several hundred yards. The skirmish reserve, under Colonel De Land, did not go to the support of the skirmishers, but continued to withdraw with the balance of the brigade. Major Piper, however, succeeded in rallying his skirmishers at the edge of the pine woods, where the Fiftieth Pennsylvania and Twentieth Michigan had lain, and checked the farther advance of the enemy at that time. The regiment was too much disorganized, however, to participate with the rest of the brigade in the remaining operations of the day. Meanwhile, the Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania, marching almost at the double-quick, came up in rear of the position, where the Second Division of the corps and the First Brigade of this division were then actively engaged. These regiments immediately formed in line, and advanced to support the troops just mentioned. Some time was now spent in reforming the line and preparing for another attack. The four right companies of the First Michigan Sharpshooters were put in the second line, supporting the First Brigade, while one other company was deployed as skirmishers on the left to watch that flank. The Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania were now moved to the left, and placed in position on the extreme left of the corps, the Twentieth being on the flank. Two companies of the latter regiment were deployed as skirmishers to cover their front and the flank of the corps, the line well advanced and the left refused. All things being in readiness, at 5 p.m. the order was given to advance, which was done in fine style, driving in the enemy's skirmishers rapidly, and we soon attacked their main line, which was also forced back. The Twentieth Michigan found itself confronted by the Ninth Alabama Infantry (rebel), which they charged without hesitation, breaking it in confusion and capturing 20 prisoners, including their adjutant, who was wounded. The enemy also left quite a number of their dead and wounded in our hands. The two regiments pressed forward on a general right wheel, the right encountering greater hastily constructed breast-work of logs. This formed a salient in front of the right of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania, but was very much

