
refused in front of its left, and of the Twentieth Michigan, which latter regiment I immediately swung forward and attacked the before-mentioned breast-work. In advancing, however, the left of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania retired somewhat, leaving my right exposed, and at the same time I discovered that I was receiving some part of the fire of our own line farther to the right. I therefore retired sufficiently to restore my connection with the Fiftieth Pennsylvania. At this juncture a rebel column, apparently of one brigade, was discovered moving around our left at a distance of not more than 200 yards, protected by a line of flankers. I immediately strengthened and extended my skirmish line, and ordered them to pitch into this column as it was moving by the flank. This they did vigorously, and at the same time, by my request, the Eleventh New Hampshire was moved up on my left, and the result was that the rebel column became dissatisfied with its position and retired without attacking. So ended our active participation in the battle of the Wilderness. That night we slept upon our arms, and in the morning the enemy had withdrawn. That day (the 7th) the Seventy- ninth New York and Sixtieth Ohio rejoined the brigade. We built breast-works,and collected several hundred stand of arms, and at night we relieved the First Brigade, which moved to the right and relieved the Second Division.

MARCH TO SPOTSYLVANIA.

Before daylight of May 8 we withdrew from the Wilderness and halted near the Old Tavern. This brigade was detailed as rear guard of the army, and the Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania were rear guard to the brigade. These two regiments moved abreast, the former left in front on the right of the road, and the latter right in front on the left of the road, with a section of artillery between. Each regiment kept a company of skirmishers to the rear, and thus we moved, ready to form line of battle at any moment by filing right and left, with the artillery in the center. The enemy followed at a short distance, but did not press us at all. That night we bivouacked on the plank road 3 miles southeast of Chancellorsville. Next morning took the road in the following order: Sixtieth Ohio, Twentieth Michigan, Fiftieth Pennsylvania, First Michigan Sharpshooters, Seventy-ninth New York.

THE BATTLE OF NY RIVER.

At about 9 a.m. we came in sight of Ny River, and a part of the Sixtieth Ohio was sent forward as skirmishers, with the remaining companies of that regiment as reserve. Fifty men of the Twentieth Michigan were deployed on the right of the road, under Captain McCollum, while the remainder of the regiment advanced in line supporting their own skirmishers, and the Sixtieth Ohio at a distance of about 150 yards. In this order we crossed the river and advanced almost to the crest of the hill, with but little opposition. The skirmishers of the Sixtieth Ohio and Twentieth [Michigan] had already advanced to the woods beyond the crest; the reserve of the Sixtieth was at the crest. The Twentieth was in line in an old roadway leading to the Gayle house, and the balance of the brigade was still north of the river. At this juncture I sent a sergeant and a dozen men to take and hold the Gayle house as sharpshooters, and at the

