
same time, by the order of Colonel Christ, I sent First Lieutenant C. A. Lounsberry, with Company I (24 men), to take position behind a fence on line with the Sixtieth Ohio, with orders to hold it till relieved. Such was the situation when the enemy attacked with a good deal of vigor, advancing with a front of three regiments on both sides of the road. The Sixtieth Ohio maintained its position with creditable determination, especially when it is considered that they were just organized and quite undrilled. Seeing them hard pressed, I sent Company D, of the Twentieth, to their support, on the right of the road, who came up very opportunely. The remainder of the brigade came up rapidly. The Fiftieth Pennsylvania was thrown into position on the right of the Twentieth, and the First Sharpshooters on the left, while the Seventy-ninth New York took position near the Gayle house. The First Sharpshooters were now thrown quickly forward to the position occupied by Lieutenant Lounsberry, who now formed on their left, while the Fiftieth was in like manner advanced to the position where I had posted Company D, of the Twentieth. The fight now became quite sharp. When the enemy charged the First Sharpshooters, through some misapprehension or other cause, broke and fell back in much confusion, and was rallied with difficulty.

Lieutenant Lounsberry, however, with his company of the Twentieth, still maintained the position which the First Sharpshooters had left, and did not leave it until the Seventy-ninth New York charged in gallant style, driving back the enemy, and the First Sharpshooters had been rallied and returned to their position. He then reported to his regiment with a loss of 4 men. At about the same moment that the First Sharpshooters fell back, the Sixtieth Ohio fell back also, after a stubborn fight, and thus the whole weight of the attack on the right of the road fell upon the Fiftieth Pennsylvania. This regiment held its ground for a few minutes, but finally the whole left wing, with Lieutenant-Colonel Overton, fell back under the crest. The Twentieth still lay in reserve, but was becoming engaged. At this moment reverse seemed imminent. The First Sharpshooters and Sixtieth Ohio had been broken and were a good deal scattered (though Colonel McElroy had rallied a few of his men upon the left of the Twentieth), and the left of the Fiftieth was forced back. It was here that the bravery of one man was most conspicuous and did much to avert disaster. Captain Samuel K. Schwenk, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, took command of the four right companies of that regiment, and charging with the bayonet, he drove back the enemy just as the Twentieth Michigan came up on the "double-quick" to his support, and the right was restored on the crest. At the same moment the Seventeenth Michigan dashed up the road, and the Seventy-ninth New York, Colonel Morrison commanding, charged in front of the Gayle house, and the enemy was repulsed all along the line. We occupied the crest, and during the afternoon fortified it as best we could. Thus this division gained a foothold nearer Spotsylvania Court-House than any other part of the line.

THE BATTLE OF SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, MAY 10 AND 12.

May 10, 1864, our brigade remained in the position taken on the previous day, the Twentieth Michigan and Fiftieth Pennsylvania on the right of the road, and the Seventy-ninth New York, First

