
Michigan Sharpshooters, and Sixtieth Ohio on the left of the same. The day was chiefly occupied in strengthening our position. At 6 p.m. the troops moved out the works and advanced on a general right wheel, the Fifty-first Pennsylvania forming the right and acting as a pivot. In this advance we encountered comparatively slight resistance and our losses were quite slight. In this advance the undersigned received a wound which kept him from the field until the early part of July, and the following report is made up from the best data at hand. Having constructed breast-works during the night of the 10th, the troops remained quiet behind them until near night of the 11th, when they were withdrawn behind the Ny to re-establish the line, but before morning of the 12th they again occupied the south bank of the river, preparatory to the general assault of that day. During the morning the brigade bore no active part, except as a supporting column. On the morning of this day the Seventy-ninth New York had been ordered to report to corps headquarters to be mustered out, their term of service having expired. At the same time Colonel Humphrey, Second Michigan, was assigned to the command of the brigade. About the middle of the afternoon the brigade was moved into position to take part in the assault. The brigade was posted in the second line, supporting the First Brigade, General Hartranft commanding, and in the following order from right to left: First Michigan Sharpshooters, Twentieth Michigan, Fiftieth Pennsylvania. The Sixtieth Ohio was temporarily acting with Colonel Marshall's Provisional Brigade, deployed as skirmishers to protect the left flank. The Second Michigan was detached, supporting Wright's battery, on the Spotsylvania road. All things being in readiness, the charge was ordered. On the right, in front of the First Sharpshooters, the ground was covered with a bushy, small growth of trees, which concealed the movements of the line. On the left, in front of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania, was a dense growth of pine timber difficult to pass in line of battle. But in front of the Twentieth Michigan was a strip or belt of perfectly open ground, extending up quite to the enemy's works The advance was gallantly made, the line advancing about 200 yards under the most terrific fire of shells, canister, and musketry. Under the fire the first line was soon checked and melted away. The second line, however, with such of the first as joined it in the advance, pushed forward rapidly and steadily until within a short distance of the enemy's works. The First Michigan Sharpshooters reached a hastily constructed breast-work of rails, which the enemy had thrown up as a shelter for their skirmishers, and this they occupied jointly with the Twenty-seventh Michigan, of the First Brigade. The order was now given to halt and lie down. The Twentieth Michigan, owing to the openness of the ground over which they had to move, advanced faster and farther than the others, suffering severely, losing most one-half their number in a few moments. Besides, they could get no cover where they lay, there being only a "dead furrow" a foot or thereabout in height to protect them. The Fiftieth Pennsylvania, on account of the thickness of the woods, were unable to keep up with the Twentieth, except one company on the right, under Captain Schwenk, who again behaved with the most conspicuous gallantry. During the few minutes that the brigade lay in this position, a brigade of the enemy had passed around our left, and charged with the purpose of capturing the batteries supported by the Second Michigan.

