
After the battle of the 12th the troops enjoyed a period of comparative rest, and were engaged in strengthening their works, changing position occasionally, until the 21st of May, when they took up the line of march for the North Anna River.

During the march to that river and the stay there, no event of especial interest occurred. When, on the 24th of May, it was intended to force the passage of the river, this brigade was selected to lead the crossing, and the Twentieth Michigan was selected to lead the brigade, but, upon reconnaissance, the plan was abandoned and the brigade took up position on the bank of the river, and by their fire kept the guns of the enemy opposite them silenced. The Fiftieth Pennsylvania occupied an island in the river, acting as an advanced post. The march to the Totopotomoy was without incident worthy of especial note. On the 29th of May the Fiftieth Pennsylvania was engaged in some skirmishing, without serious loss, near Shady Grove Church. On the 1st of June the Sixtieth Ohio was placed in support of the First Brigade, adjoining the First Division furiously, and they fell back in some confusion. At this juncture the Sixtieth Ohio deployed four companies on the left of the First Brigade to protect that flank, while the balance of the regiment was thrown into the line between the Fifty-first Pennsylvania and the One hundred and ninth New York. In this position they rendered valuable service, and after a sharp contest the enemy was repulsed and the First Division reoccupied their works. On the 2nd June, as the brigade was leading its position about Bethesda Church to move to the vicinity of Cold Harbor, the movement being delayed by some cause and the troops at the time in column of route, the Twentieth Michigan was sent back to guard the rear by picketing two roads near their junction, on which the enemy were approaching. Major Barnes had not yet completed the deployment, when he was suddenly struck by the skirmishers of the enemy, supported by two lines of battle. The regiment stood its ground as long as possible, and then fell back and took position on the reserve side of an old line of rifle-pits. Here they were re-enforced by troops of Marshall's (Provisional) brigade; but soon after dark the enemy again attacked in force. The Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery broke, leaving one flank of the Twentieth exposed. Major Barnes deployed his men in a thin line, and maintained his position. The Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry (dismounted), not at that time attached to this brigade, also stood its ground well, and these two regiments repulsed the attack. Before midnight the Twenty-fourth withdrew, leaving the Twentieth Michigan entirely isolated, with no connections on its right or left. Major Barnes, therefore, moved by the flank and made connection with the Second Division, Ninth Corps, where he remained until daylight. At one time during the fight the regiment (Twentieth Michigan) had not 2 rounds of ammunition to the man. On this occasion Major Barnes displayed his usual bravery and coolness, and by his prompt dispositions when the attack was first made did much to prevent unfortunate results. I cannot but feel that considerable credit is due to the regiment for maintaining their ground when their supports had been withdrawn from both flanks and their ammunition exhausted. They suffered severely in killed and wounded. On the next day, June 3, the brigade was in support of the First Brigade, but still suffered severely. They bore no part in the operations, however, which requires especial mention.

