
From this time until the arrival before Petersburg the command performed much severe marching by day and by night, but as this was only in common with the rest of the army, it is not necessary to make special mention of it.

On the 4th of June the Forty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers returned to the brigade after their furlough. On the 10th of June the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry (dismounted), was assigned to the brigade.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 243. Report of Colonel Charles V. De Land, First Michigan Sharpshooters, of operations May 5-14.

IN HOSPITAL, WASHINGTON, D. C., May 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I improve the first moment my health will permit to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Regiment Michigan Sharpshooters in the late battle of the Wilderness, and at Spotsylvania Court-House:

After crossing the Rapidan, and lying in line of battle on the afternoon of the 5th instant, the regiment led the advance of the corps, 2 a.m. of the 6th instant, and arrived at the extreme front at 7 a.m. Seven companies were immediately thrown out on picket and skirmish lines to cover the space between the Fifth and Sixth Corps, about 1 1/2 miles to the right of the plank road. Brisk skirmishing was immediately commenced, and kept up along the whole line until about 2 p.m., when I received an order to withdraw with the reserve companies immediately, and to withdraw the picket and skirmish lines, as quickly and quietly as possible, and follow the rest of the brigade in position on the extreme left of the field. While this order was being executed, the enemy charged the retreating lines with a largely superior force upon the whole front, and in the rear of the left flank, driving my lines before them about 200 or 300 yards. They there rallied, repulsed the enemy, and withdrew in good order, and with comparatively slight loss. As soon as the regiment was reorganized it was placed in position to support the other divisions of the corps, then actually engaged on the extreme left, and very soon the four right companies were ordered forward to support and protect the extreme right of the line, while one company was ordered forward as skirmishers and flankers on the extreme left. These companies soon became hotly engaged, and participated until the close of the battle. Company B did efficient service in patrolling and organizing stragglers during the action. On the 7th the regiment occupied the extreme left of our front line, the pickets connecting with those of the Second Corps during the

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

