
returned and assumed command of my own regiment. The charge was ordered about 8 p.m., and my regiment placed in position on the right of the brigade which formed the second our supporting line. The lines advanced rapidly about 500 yards under a very heavy and destructive fire of musketry, grape, and canister from the enemy. The advanced line was soon checked, but the second line pushed on, driving the enemy before it until within 50 yards of the enemy's works, when it was halted. With no cover the men were exposed to the enemy, to a murderous fire, and the loss bid fair to be a fearful record. I ordered the men forward to the first line of the enemy's works, which was carried, and jointly occupied by the Sharpshooters and the Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry. After a few moments the whole left of the line gave way, and we became exposed to a murderous cross-fire of shell, grape, and canister. To advance was impossible; to retreat difficult. Our brigade commander was wounded and temporarily left the field, and our ammunition was nearly exhausted, but on consultation with Major Moody, commanding the Twenty-seventh Michigan, it was decided to hold the ground until the last possible moment in hopes the line would be organized or some support sent to our aid. For a full hour the men in this position fought with a determination and gallantry unsurpassed. Twice the rebels charged to obtain our colors, and were as often met and driven back by our bayonets. We at length received the order to retire, being the only regiment of the brigade who remained to contest the field. While making preparations to fulfill this order I was struck and twice injured (the second time stunned) by the explosion of the enemy's shell. Major Piper a moment before had arrived on the field with a fresh supply of ammunition, and was also seen to fall, and is supposed to have been killed, as he has not since been seen or heard from. As soon as I was able to walk I retired about 200 yards to the rear and found the regiment was already reforming in the open space near the woods. I superintended its formation, and placed it in position, as ordered, to resist any attempted advance of the enemy. Threw forward a strong skirmish line, and during the night earth-works were thrown up, and at the time I left the regiment it still held its position. On the 14th my injuries became so painful, and there being no active duty in front, I applied to Colonel Humphrey for permission to go to the hospital, which was granted. On arriving at the hospital a permit was given me to go to Fredericksburg for treatment, and from thence I was sent to Washington, where I still remain under medical treatment. The command of the regiment devolved on Captain L. C. Rhines, whose report will be forwarded in due season.

In closing this report I take great pleasure in making honorable mention of the following officers, who by their conspicuous coolness, courage, and gallantry are entitled to especial comment: Major John Piper (reported killed); Adjt. Edwin J. Buckbee (wounded); Captain L. C. Rhines, Company A; Captain A. W. Nichols, Company E; Captain E. V. Andress, Company K (wounded); First Lieutenant George C. Knight, Company A; First Lieutenant Ira L. Evans, Company E; First Lieutenant George Fowler, Company H (wounded); First Lieutenant R. F. Hill, Company I; Second Lieutenant Frank Whipple, Company B (wounded); Second Lieutenant C. B. Knight, Company D; Second Lieutenant H. V. Hinckley, Company E; Second Lieutenant C. G. Conn, Company G (wounded); Second Lieutenant G. A. Gravaraet, Company K; Sergt. Major J. J. De Lnad, Sergt. M. Collins, Company A;

