
Sergt. C. W. Lake, Company C; Sergt. E. O. Conklin, Company F; Sergt. T. V. Purday, Company F; Sergt. D. C. Gore, Company E; Sergt. F. Dawson, Company H; Sergt. C. Allen, Company K (wounded and died).

While nearly all did their well, these did nobly. I also consider it my duty to report the dishonorable conduct of 2 officers and to recommend their dismissal from the service for having absented themselves from their commands on the field and for cowardice, to wit, Second Lieutenant Guy Newbre, Company A, and Second Lieutenant A. P. Thomas, Company C.

A full list of the casualties* in the regiment is herewith submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. V. DE LAND,

Colonel Michigan Sharpshooters.

No. 244. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Byron M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH Regiment MICHIGAN VOL. INFTY.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to General Orders, No. 19, headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, August 7, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this campaign:

FIRST EPOCH.

We marched from Warrenton Junction, Va., on the morning of May 4, crossed the Rappahannock the same evening, and bivouacked near Rappahannock Station that night.

May 5 we marched at daylight and reached Germanna Ford at 11 a.m. At 12 m. we crossed the river and took position on the right of the army in the woods, throwing forward a strong picket-line. At dark our pickets were relieved by the One hundred and ninth New York and the three regiments of this brigade-Twentieth Michigan, Fiftieth Pennsylvania, and First Michigan Sharpshooters-assembled on the road as a reserve. We slept upon our arms that night. May 6 we marched at 3 a.m., and marched rapidly up the plank road until we came to the Wilderness Run, when we took a by road to the right of the run and entered a piece of dense woods. A delay of an hour occurred in getting out skirmishers. We then moved through the pine woods to an open field, and keeping in the woods to the north (right) of this, formed along the fence in battle line and faced by the rear rank and threw out skirmishers to the rear. We occupied this position till near noon, when the enemy opened upon us a severe fire from a battery on a ridge to the south of us, and obliged us to retire out of sight into the woods. We soon after retired from this position to the pine woods, where we constructed abatis and remained until the middle of the afternoon, the First

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 132, 149.

---------------

