
THIRD EPOCH.

On the 21st of May we left our entrenchments near Spotsylvania Court-House, and, marching that night, we reached Bowling Green about 8 a.m. on the 22nd. Resuming the march at 10 a.m., we reached the North Anna River on the evening of the 23rd of May. On the 24th May the regiment was detailed to lead the charge of the division across the ford of the North Anna, but the order being countermanded we took up position on the north bank of the stream and threw up breast-works. This position the regiment occupied until the morning of the 27th May, acting as sharpshooters and keeping a battery on the other side of the river silent. This ends the third epoch.

See list of casualties during the third epoch in appendix to this report.*

FOURT EPOCH.

On the morning of May 27 we took up the line of march, and, marching almost constantly, crossed the Pamunkey River at midnight on the 28th and bivouacked on the south bank. At 4 a.m. May 29 we moved into position. At 6 a.m. May 30 moved to the left and took up another position, which we fortified. On the 31st we moved to the right again the were in supporting line.

June 1, moved a short distance to the left and threw up rifle-pits. June 2, while the corps was in the act of retiring, this regiment was sent out at about 5 p.m. to picket and hold two roads a short distance beyond their junction. While we were in the act of deploying the enemy attacked us n force. After holding them in check as long as possible we were obliged to retire behind a line of breast-works. Here the enemy attached us soon after dark, but we repulsed the attack and held the position. At midnight, the troops on our right and left having been withdrawn, we moved to the right and joined the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, where we remained until morning. June 3, we were in the second line supporting the First Brigade, but suffered severely. June 4, moved about 2 miles to the left and took position near Cold Harbor, relieving a part of the Second Army Corps. Remained in this position until June 12.

See list of casualties+ for fourth epoch in appendix to this report.++

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Mich. Vol. Infty.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Ninth Corps.

No. 245. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Martin P. Avery, Sixtieth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Pegram's Farm, Va., October 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent campaign from the time it joined the brigade at Alexandria, Va., April 24, to May 12, 1864:

We marched with the brigade to Catlett's Station, where we relieved the Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, performing garrison duty, and where we remained until May 4, when we marched to Warrenton Junction, and reported to Colonel Morrison, commanding Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers. On the 5th we marched to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River, which we crossed on the morning of the 6th, and were temporarily assigned to the Fifth Corps about 12 m.

---------------

*Shows 2 men killed and 3 men wounded; total, 5.

+Shows 5 men killed, 2 officers and 39 men wounded, and 1 officer and 9 men missing; total, 56.

++For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

