
We were ordered to the extreme left of the army, and reported to the commanding officer of the Second Corps. On the 7th we were relieved and rejoined our corps and brigade proper. On the 8th marched with the brigade, and on the 9th marched in advance of brigade and division, which marched for Spotsylvania Court-House. At 9 a.m. crossed Ny River. By direction deployed two companies on our left as skirmishers before crossing, and two companies in front at crossing (the command then consisted of eight companies). Having crossed and gained a hill beyond without serious opposition the skirmishers in front were thrown to the right to protect that flank. It now became evident that the enemy were making preparations to drive us from the hill. They opened a sharp fire of musketry on our front, which we soon silenced. They then, under cover of the woods, advanced on our left so as to enfilade our line. We then changed front to rear on first company and took advantage of a sunken road running perpendicular to our front, which enabled us still to retain the crest of the hill. Lieutenant-Colonel McElroy, commanding, then reported to Colonel Christ that if the enemy advanced we could not hold the position. He directed us to hold it as long as possible. Were joined by one company of our skirmishers from the left before crossing the river. We kept up a constant fire on the enemy, who advanced on our right and left, very nearly enveloping us, consisting, as nearly as I could judge, of four regiments dismounted cavalry. When they were within 30 yards of us Colonel McElroy ordered us to fall back. Up to this time no other troops were engaged, the brigade being in line about 200 yards in rear. In falling back we were in some confusion, but reformed on the left in line with our brigade. This was the first time the regiment was ever under fire. It was assembled on the 21st of April, and, with the exception of four days, had been on the move, some of the men never before having had arms in their hands. On the 10th and 11th we were not engaged, but occupied position on the extreme left of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. P. AVERY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Ninth Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of this regiment during the second epoch after I assumed command at 9 a.m., May 12, 1864:

The regiment had just been relieved from the skirmish line, and I was ordered to report with it to Colonel Marshall, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, who was protecting the left flank of the corps with skirmishers. I was ordered to deploy my men until I had extended the line from the left of the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry to Ny River, and hold the rest of my command in reserve. To do this it required four companies as skirmishers. After lying in this position for about one hour, I was ordered by Colonel Marshall to march with my reserve to the right and in rear of the First Division of this corps, leaving the skirmish line of Captain House, Sixtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I was placed with my four

