
on our arms, and on the 1st of June occupied the same position until about dark, when the regiment was moved to the extreme left of the division, supporting the Fifty-first Pennsylvania. We had hardly got into position when the enemy made an attack on the First Division of this corps, which joined us on the left, and forced it back in some confusion. At the request of a staff officer of the First Brigade, I formed four companies on the left of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, perpendicular to the main line, the commanding officer of the Fifty-first at the same time having extended his line to the left. I moved the rest of the regiment into the gap caused by this between the Fifty-first Pennsylvania and One hundred and ninth New York. We became engaged on the left with the enemy, who were occupying the pits thrown up by the First Division, but after about twenty minutes, firing the enemy retired and the pits were occupied by skirmishers. In the morning we were ordered back to our position of the 30th May, and marched that afternoon with the brigade. In the fight of the 2nd the regiment was not engaged. On the 3rd we formed the connection between the Second and Third Divisions, but were not engaged. On the 4th we marched with the brigade and relieved a part of the Second Corps at Cold Harbor. Nothing occurred worthy of note until June 7, when the enemy attacked a working party of this regiment which was in front of the pickets. The party which was to support them on the right ran without firing a shot, and this compelled them to retire, which they did in some confusion, as the enemy had outflanked them and oft in their rear.

I am sorry to report the death of Lieutenant Evans, a brave officer, who fell while attempting to get his men but their perilous position.

Before night the ground lost was regained and the fatigue party brought inside the picket-line. Nothing further occurred except the usual picket-firing until we started for the James River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. P. AVERY,

Major, Commanding Sixtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Ninth Corps.

No. 246. Report of Captain Adelbert B. Twitchell, Seventh Maine Battery.

SEVENTH MAINE BATTERY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,

Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report in obedience to Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, under date of August 5, 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

My battery was ordered into position at the Lacy house about 9.30 a.m., May 6. At 7 p.m., by order of Colonel C. S. Wainwright, chief of artillery, Fifth Corps, took position at the rear of the line of the Sixth Army Corps. Was withdrawn at daylight the morning of

