
May 7, and ordered into position west of the Lacy house on the line of the Fifth Army Corps. Joined the Third Division, of the Ninth Army Corps, on the march toward Chancellorsville the evening of the same day.

SECOND EPOCH.

Arrived at the Ny River at 9.30 a.m. May 9, and by order of General O. B. Willcox, placed three guns in position near the Gayle house, and opened fire on the enemy's lines. At night crossed the Ny River with one section of my battery, and threw up a redoubt on a hill to the left of the road. On the morning of the 10th, by order, placed two guns in position on the line of the Third Division; one gun bearing to the right, and one to the left of the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House. At the time of the advance of the line, the evening of the 10th, three of my guns were placed on the line to the right of the road, bearing on the woods. One gun remained in position on the road, and the left section, under Lieutenant Bundy, advanced with the Second Division to the Beverly house. The left section was relieved during the night, and joined the four guns on and to the right of the road. All my guns opened rapidly as the line advanced. My battery recrossed the Ny River the afternoon of the 11th, when the troops fell back, but during the night was placed in position again on the line of the Second and Third Divisions. On the morning of the 12th the left section, under Lieutenant Bundy, was advanced across the ravine to the right of the road, and took position on the front line, throwing shot and shell through the open space in the woods on the enemy's lines. Subsequently the right section, under Lieutenant Thorp, joined this section. These two sections lost quite severely during the day in killed and wounded. About 8 a.m. the center section, under Lieutenant Staples, was placed in position on the pine knoll, about 500 yards to the right and front of the guns already in position, and opened with shell and case-shot, firing over the Second Division, the line of fire being almost at right angles to the line of the Third Division. My battery was several hundred yards farther advanced than any other battery of the corps. At the time that the troops of the Third Division were partially withdrawn, the lines of the enemy pressed forward close to the position of my guns, appearing in sight on the left flank of the pieces most advanced, and being short of ammunition, I considered it prudent to withdraw, and accordingly passed through the line of batteries on the crest of the hill to my left and rear, crossed the ravine, and placed my guns in position on the hill, near the old house that was used during the engagement as a hospital. From this position I threw canister upon the rebel brigade when it charged upon the guns of the Nineteenth New York battery, of the Second Division. Subsequently, when the enemy made demonstrations from time to time to the left, indicating that his forces were on the road leading to the Court-House, I turned my guns in that direction, shelling the road and the woods on the right. During the night, my battery, in company with others of the corps, passed to the rear of our lines, through the woods, and parked in rear of the lines of the Second Corps. On the morning of the 14th my battery joined the Ninth Corps. During the night of the 17th, in conformity with orders, I placed four guns on the right of

