
the lines of the Ninth Corps, and opened rapidly, shelling the woods when our troops advanced against the enemy at daylight. My guns were withdrawn at dark, and joined the division as it marched to the left of the turnpike road past the Beverly house. During the night of the 19th my battery was placed in position on the front line of the First Division, and remained on this line until the night of the 21st.

THIRD EPOCH.

My battery took up the line of march with the Third Division the evening of the 21st of May, and arrived at the North Anna River to the Pamunkey, and many of the horses became exhausted and worn out by the rapidity of the movements of the train. In addition, the animals were entirely without forage, save what was gathered on the way. Sunday morning, the 29th, advanced 2 miles with the division, and took position, but subsequently went into part for the night. On the morning of the 30th advanced with the division to the Totopotomoy, and placed one section in position, bearing across the creek. The 31st one section was sent to the front, on the Third Division line. On the night of the 1st of June my battery, following the Third Division train, passed to the left, in rear of the line of battle. Continued still farther to the left the morning of the 2nd, and took position on the line of the Third Division the afternoon of the same day, when the troops wheeled into position to resist the pressure of the enemy on our right flank. All my guns opened rapidly against the rebel infantry and artillery, and continued rapid firing until dark. We strengthened our works during the night, and opened fire again on the morning of the 3rd on the enemy's artillery, throwing solid shot with marked effect. About 8 o'clock, by order of General O. B. Willcox, commanding Third Division, I placed four guns within 350 yards of the rebel works. With the assistance of a detail of men, I had a redoubt thrown up in two hours, and turned my guns on the rebel works. When the corps was ordered to advance, I opened with shot and shell against the enemy's works, firing with all possible rapidity for ten minutes. Withdrew from the position after dark, and occupied the works held in the morning. In the engagements of the 2nd and 3rd of June I had 1 man severely wounded, and lost considerable in horses and material. During the afternoon of the 4th moved to near the cross-roads at Cold Harbor.

