
My battery was ordered into position the night of the 6th, and remained until the night of June 12, when the battery joined the Third Division on the march toward White House.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Maine Battery, Vet. Vols.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Ninth Corps.

No. 247. Report of Captain Jacob Roemer, Thirty-fourth New York Battery.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK BATTERY, August 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward following report of the Thirty-fourth New York Battery of the present campaign from May 4, 1864, to July 30, inclusive:

FIRST EPOCH.

From May 4 to battle of Wilderness.

May 4, 1864, marched to Rappahannock Station and encamped for the night. The 5th, marched to the Rapidan and crossed it on a pontoon; encamped 1 mile from the river. The 6th, marched to the Wilderness or Cedar Grove and went into position; changed position at 12 o'clock midnight. The 7th, at 2 a.m., ordered to keep a vigilant guard in front, and open fire if the enemy should press our pickets. Fired 5 rounds at 5 a.m. and 14 rounds at 7 p.m.; received no casualties during the battle.

SECOND EPOCH.

From battle of Wilderness to battle at Spotsylvania.

Evening of 7th received orders to be ready to march at moment's notice; withdrew from position, ready to march at 11 p.m. The 8th, detained in column all night until 7 a.m., when we marched to Chancellorsville; encamped at 5 p.m. The 9th, marched to Gage's Hill. At 9 a.m. one section ordered into position, the two remaining sections to be ready for any emergency. At 10 a.m. ordered forward with the battery, when a general engagement took place from 10 a.m. until 7 p.m.; fired 380 rounds. The 10th, quiet all the morning. At 4 p.m. the enemy attacked us on our front, toward Spotsylvania Court-House, and our left flank during a heavy rain-storm. Our fire was very effective, silencing the enemy's batteries on our front and left flank. We fired 340 rounds, the battery receiving the congratulations of the general commanding for its accurate firing. Preparations for a heavy attack were visible during the day, but owing to our exposed position was not made. A feint withdrawal was made to draw the enemy out of his works. The 11th, at 5 p.m., advanced and took our former position at the Beverly house, remaining quiet all night. The 12th, the enemy opened a brisk fire at 6 a.m. with six guns on our four pieces from the front and left, but the morning being heavy or misty, did not reply until it cleared up, then went to work and silenced their battery. At 2 p.m. an engagement took place on our center. The battery was ordered to

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

