
me up to this time, this day reported to Major-General Sheridan, commanding the cavalry, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac. Leaving Newtown on the morning of the 28th, we marched to Dunkirk, and crossed the Mattapony at that place. On the 29th moved to the Pamunkey, near Hanovertown, leaving one regiment to guard the pontoon bridge across the Mattapony until it was taken up.

On June 1 the division crossed the Pamunkey, and one brigade and a battery placed at Haw's Shop, and one brigade and a battery on the road leading toward Hanover Junction. On the 2nd, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I moved and occupied a position with the dismounted cavalry and one brigade of infantry, covering the approaches toward New Castle and the right of the army. On the 6th, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I concentrated my command at Old Church Tavern, and occupied a position covering the approaches from New Castle Ferry, Hanovertown, Haw's Shop, and Bethesda Church. On the 10th the cavalry of the enemy made an attack on the Haw's Shop road on the cavalry of General Wilson, then on picket and vedette duty in my front. The division remained in the above position until the 12th instant, when, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I moved from this position as far as Tunstall's Station, having in view the protection of the trains of the army.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

No. 249. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps.+

By General Orders, No. 9, headquarters Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps, dated May 4, 1864, this brigade was formed, comprising at that time the Thirtieth, Thirty-ninth, and Twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops. On May 7 the Forty-third U. S. Colored Troops was also assigned (by verbal orders) to this brigade.

May 4.-Left camp at Manassas Junction, Va., and marched to Catlett's Station.

May 5.-Marched to 4 miles southeast of Rappahannock Station.

May 6.-Marched to and crossed Rapidan River at Germanna Ford.

May 7.-Marched to Chancellorsville and took up position at forks of United States and Ely's Fords roads; remained in the neighborhood of Chancellorsville until the 15th.

May 15.-The brigade moved toward Fredericksburg on plank road, and encamped on the farm of a Mr. Silver.

May 17.-Marched to Salem Church, Va.

May 21.-Left plank road and encamped on Telegraph road 3 miles south of Fredericksburg.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

