
May 22.-Marched to and down Bowling Green pike.

May 23.-Marched to Milford Station.

May 25.-Marched to Wright's Tavern, south of Po River.

May 26.-Returned to Milford Station.

May 27.-Marched to Mattacocy bridge.

May 28.-Marched via Newtown to Dunkirk and crossed Mattapony River.

May 29.-Marched to Pamunkey River near Hanovertown.

May 31.-Crossed Pamunkey River and encamped on south side.

It had been the duty of this brigade during the last month to accompany, as a guard,the trains of the Army of the Potomac during the campaign in which that army was and is engaged. It is still engaged in that duty.

June 2.-Left camp near Hanovertown, Va.; marched 6 miles and encamped on farm of Edward Ruffin, 1 mile from Old Church.

June 6.-Moved to Old Church and fortified.

June 10.-Union cavalry pickets driven into Old Church by rebel cavalry; repulsed and driven back by infantry pickets of this brigade.

June 11.-This brigade went in support of cavalry reconnaissance in direction of Bethesda Church and Shady Grove Church road; reconnaissance successful; no infantry loss.

June 12.-Left Old Church; marched 12 miles in direction of White House.

No. 250. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps.*

This brigade was organized per General Orders, Nos.8 and 9, dated headquarters Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps, near Manassas Junction, Va., May 3 and 4, respectively:

May 4.-Left the junction.

May 6.-Crossed the Rapidan and joined the Army of the Potomac.

May 15.-Was engaged in a skirmish near Chancellorsville, and lost 2 men wounded in the Twenty-third Regiment. Have been guarding the wagon-train since.

June 1.-Moved across the Pamunkey River to Haw's Church.

June 2.-Moved to near Cold Harbor, where we remained until the 5th, when we moved back to Old Church Tavern. We remained here until the 12th, when we went to White House.

No. 251. Report of Lieutenant George W. Silvis, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP OF BATTERY D, PENNSYLVANIA ARTILLERY,

Before Petersburg, Va., August 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I have the

---------------

*From return for May and June.

---------------

