
honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this battery in the operations of this campaign:

FIRST EPOCH.

Crossed the Rapidan on the 5th of May, 1864, and by command of Major-General Burnside reported to General Ferrero, commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps. Remained at Germanna Ford until the morning of the 7th of May, when we moved to Mine Run, and after halting for a few hours proceeded to Chancellorsville.

SECOND EPOCH.

Remained in camp until the morning of the 9th of May, when we were ordered into position in a field-work erected near Chancellorsville. Remained with horses hitched and in readiness to move until the morning of the 15th, when we moved about 3 miles and again encamped. On the afternoon of the 17th we moved to Salem Church. On the afternoon of the 19th were ordered to harness and be in readiness to move, which order was countermanded during the night, and we remained in camp until the morning of the 21st.

THIRD EPOCH.

On the morning of the 21st of May left Salem Church and marched several miles in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. Halted for the night. On the morning of the 22nd moved to near Guiney's Station, on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad. During the afternoon of the 23rd marched to near Bowling Green. Remained at Bowling Green until the morning of the 25th, when we crossed the River Po and proceeded to Wright's Tavern. During the afternoon of the 27th we recrossed the Po River and halted at Milford Station until 9 o'clock in the evening, when we again commenced the march and proceeded to Shiloh Church, which place we reached on the morning to near Dunkirk. On the morning of the 30th of May crossed the Mattapony River at Dunkrik and encamped for the night near Hanovertown, where we remained until the 31st of May.

FOURTH EPOCH.

On the 31st of May crossed the Pamunkey River near Hanovertown and encamped on the such side, where we remained until June 2, then marched 6 miles in the direction of White House and halted for the night. On the morning of the 3rd of June marched 2 miles and halted for the night on road leading to Bottom's Bridge. Remained there until the 6th of June and then marched to Old Church Tavern and went into camp. During the afternoon of the 10th of June were ordered to hold ourselves in instant readiness to move; at about 3 o'clock left camp and moved into an adjoining field, where we remained until about 5 o'clock, when we were ordered to return to camp. Remained there until the 12th, and then marched in the direction of White House; halted for a few hours on the morning of the 13th, and then proceeded to New Kent Court-House, when we halted for the night. On the morning of the 14th marched for a few miles and encamped on the road between New

