
Kent Court-House and the Chickahominy until the evening of the 15th. Spent the night of the 15th on the road near the Chickahominy River.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SILVIS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery D, Pennsylvania Vol. Arty.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Ninth Army Corps.

No. 252. Report of Captain Romeo H. Start, Third Vermont Battery.

THIRD BATTERY LIGHT ARTILLERY, VERMONT VOLS.,

Before Petersburg, Va., August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I would most respectfully submit the following report of the operations and movements of the Third Battery Light Artillery, Vermont Volunteers, from the crossing of the Rapidan, May 6, 1864, to the assault on Petersburg, July 30, 1864, viz:

Crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on the morning of May 6, 1864, and went into position near the ford and remained until 1 a.m. of the 7th instant. On the 7th instant moved from the ford to Piney Church, Va., where the command remained until the 9th instant. On the afternoon of the 9th instant moved from Piney Church, Va., to Chancellorsville, Va., and went into position on the pike running to Orange Court-House, Va. Remained in position at this point until the morning of the 18th instant when the command moved to Salem Church, Va., on the road running from Chancellorsville to Fredericksburg, Va., where the battery again went into position, and remained until the 22nd instant, when it moved to Bowling Green, Va., where it arrived on the 23rd instant. Moved across the Mattapony and encamped. On the morning of the 27th broke camp, recrossed the Mattapony, and moved to Newtown, Va., and encamped for the night. On the 28th instant moved from Newtown, Va., crossed the Mattapony near Dunkrik, Va., and encamped. On the 29th instant moved from the Mattapony near Dunkrik to the Pamunkey and encamped. On the 30th instant broke camp near Hanovertown, Va. Moved from this point on the morning of the 31st to near New Castle, Va., and encamped, where the command remained until the morning of June 1, 1864, when it moved to Braxton's house. Remained at this point until June 5, 1864, when the command moved to Old Church Tavern and went into position, where it remained until the 13th instant, when it moved to New Kent Court-House and encamped. On the 14th marched from New Kent Court-House to near Slatersville, Va., and encamped. On the 15th moved to a point on the Chickahominy near Long Bridge, and halted for the completion of the pontoon bridge at that point.*

ROMEO H. START,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

A. A. A. G.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I

---------------

63 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

