
No. 253. Report of Captain John B. Eaton, Twenty-seventh New York Battery, Reserve Artillery.

TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the operations of the present campaign:

FIRST EPOCH.

At the crossing of the Rapidan my battery was attached to the Reserve Artillery, Ninth Corps, under command of Captain John Edwards, Third U. S. Artillery, and in common with the other batteries of the reserve was not engaged during the battle of the Wilderness, though in position near the Wilderness Tavern during the engagement of May 6.

SECOND EPOCH.

The artillery of the reserve, including my battery, joined the Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac, on the 7th, marched with it to Piney Grove Church, and was held in reserve during most of the fighting at Spotsylvania.

THIRD EPOCH.

Marched from Piney Grove Church on the 10th and reached Fredericksburg on the 15th. On the 17th the Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac, was broken up, and the Reserve Artillery, of the Ninth Corps, ordered to Belle Plain, which we reached on the 18th. Left there on the 24th for Port Royal, but my own battery was detached on the same day and ordered to Fredericksburg, where I arrived that night. Left there and marched to Port Royal on the 28th with a column of provisional troops under command of Colonel J. F. Staunton.

FOURTH EPOCH.

Left Port Royal on the 31st with a brigade of heavy artillery and pontoon train, commanded by Colonel A. A. Gibson, Second Pennsylvania Artillery. Crossed the Mattapony June 2, and the Pamunkey on the 4th, rejoining the Ninth Corps and being attached to the First Division (General Crittenden), then at Woody's farm.

Remained at or near Cold Harbor until June 12, under fire much of the time, but not actively engaged. Marched on the night of the 12th toward the Chickahominy.*

Very respectfully,

JNO. B. EATON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

