
rear guard of infantry, I dismounted a portion of my command and deployed them in and in front of the intrenchments as skirmishers. In that way I moved forward about one-half mile, after giving orders to the officers in charge of the horses to come forward and keep near the dismounted men. The officer in charge of one company (G) did is ordered, kept near the skirmishers under the crest of a ridge, and came along safely, but those of Companies E, F, and L, in charge of Lieutenant Beeby, for some unexplained reason, did not follow, and those together with Lieutenant Beeby and the men that remained with him are missing. Upon learning that the lieutenant did not come forward, I immediately sent out scouting parties, at first 6 men and a sergeant, and afterward 10 men, who volunteered to go in search of the missing horses and men. Both parties returned and reported that they could find nothing of either. Believing that Lieutenant Beeby had taken some other road into the lines of the army, I moved forward and reported to Major-General Hancock, near Todd's Tavern. I was then ordered to joint the remainder of my command that had preceded me at Fredericksburg, where I arrived this day. In these two days' marching and skirmishing my regiment lost 3 men killed, 8 wounded, and 96 men and 1 officer missing, besides 1 officer known to be a prisoner. I also lost 27 horses killed, 241 missing, and 4 died of fatigue and want of forage.

It may be proper to state that for various reasons I am of the opinion that the men and horses in charge of Lieutenant Beeby are still in the U. S. service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. McLENNAN,

Major, Commanding Twenty-Second New York Cavalry.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

No. 255. Reports of Major General William F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, of operations May 29-June 12.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday at 4.30 p.m. the Eighteenth Corps assaulted the enemy's lines in front and carried them at all points. The Third Division, under the command of Brigadier General Charles Devens, consisting of brigades of Colonel Drake and Colonel Barton, charged across an open field, 1,250 yards in width, swept by a cross-fire of the enemy's artillery, carried the edge of the woods, and drove the enemy from their intrenchments, which were protected by slashing and entanglements, taking some 250 prisoners, which in the haste of the moment were sent to the headquarters Sixth Corps. The division of General Ricketts, coming up on the left, aided General Devens in holding the pits so gallantly taken. A very few minutes after Colonel Henry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Corps, charged the enemy's lines on the right of my front, and after a short but severe struggle carried them, but was unable to hold them, owing to the fact that a redoubt of the enemy behind his rifle-pits completely

