
commanded (Colonel Henry's position) them. General Martindale, with his division, consisting of two brigades, except two regiments, which before the attack had been sent to the assistance of General Wright, held the right flank during the movement, and at the partial succeess of Colonel Henry was ordered to sweep down in rear of the rifle-pits, which he either held or commanded. Darkness coming on before he could make the necessary changes in his lines, I was forced to countermand the order, and our lines were drawn back to the position indicated to you in my dispatch of last night. The brigades of Colonel Barton and Colonel Henry held their portion of the line with scarcely any ammunition until nearly 7 o'clock this morning, when the troops received a fresh supply by the kindness of General Wright. I cannot commend too highly to the notice of the commanding general the conduct of Colonel Drake, who fell severely wounded leading the advanced line of General Devens, and Colonel Barton, who led the supporting line and so gallantly held what Colonel Drake had taken.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 4, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In my dispatch to you, June 2, reporting my operations of the 1st instant, I find I have made an error which I hasten to correct. In a verbal report to me, I understood General Devens, commanding Third Division of my corps, positively to say that his first line preceded the first line of Sixth Corps on his left in the assault in the woods and the capture of the rifle-pits. In a further conversation with him this morning, he says this was not so, and that he was preceded by the first line of the Sixth Corps. I regret exceedingly the injustice unintentionally done the Sixth Corps, and beg that my dispatch be corrected to this extent.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

STONINGTON, CONN., August 9, 1864.

SIR: My continuous and active service in the field has prevented me from making out reports of certain operations of the troops under my command at an earlier date, and as many of the subordinate reports have not been made to me for reasons similar to those which have delayed mine, I can now give but a resume, and propose to include in the report to your headquarters operations of my command while the Army of the Potomac, and not under the orders of General Butler. On the 27th of May I received orders to concentrate

