
As my troops had not all arrived, and none of my wagons or ammunition, I sent to ask if my command should move as I then stood, or wait until I could take supplies with me, but later in the day, upon the receipt of a letter from General Grant, I determined not to wait for a reply to my first letter, but to march at once. I left General Ames with about 2,500 men to garrison White House, and marched about 3.30 p.m. with about 10,000 men and my artillery, and without wagons to carry supplies or extra ammunition. About 10 p.m. I reached Bassett's house near Old Church, and distributed my troops to cover the roads leading to New Castle Ferry. The men had but little experience in heavy marching, and that, together with the heat of the day, caused much straggling, which I was unable to prevent, as my provost guard had not arrived when I left the White House. From Bassett's I sent to inform General Grant of my position, and asking further orders. The next morning at daylight I received an order to proceed at once to New Castle Ferry, and place myself between the Fifth and Sixth Corps. Deeming time to be of great importance, I moved the command, without allowing the men time to get their coffee. On reaching New Castle Ferry I found that we were in the broad valley lands of the Pamunkey, surrounded by hills within artillery range, which, if occupied by the enemy, would force us to carry them by assault. The Fifth and Sixth Corps were not in this vicinity. I at once sent Captain Farquhar, of the Engineers, to say to the lieutenant-general that I was certain from my position there was some mistake in the order, and to ask that is be rectified. While my lines were being formed I began the construction of a bridge across the river, and during these operations, Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock, of General Grant's staff, arrived to say there had been a mistake in my order, and that it should have been to march to Cold Harbor instead of New Castle Ferry. The command was immediately marched back over the road we had just traveled, and in the direction of Cold Harbor. The day was intensely hot and the dust stifling, and fatigue and exhaustion thinned my ranks during the march. On the road I received the following orders from General Meade:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 1, 1864-12 m.

Major General WILLIAM F. SMITH,Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: As soon as General Wright opens the road from Old Church to Cold Harbor, you will follow him, and take position on his right, endeavoring to hold the road from Cold Harbor to Bethesda Church. General Wright is ordered to attack as soon as his troops are up, and I desire you should co-operate with him and join in the attack. The enemy have not long been in position about Cold Harbor, and it is of great importance to dislodge and, if possible, to rout him before he can intrench himself.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

My scant force would not have filled the space between the Fifth and Sixth Corps, and, making that connection, I should have had no lines with which to make an attack, and as I could not obey both requirements of the order, I determined to aid in the attack, and began the formation of my lines immediately. At this time I sent an aide to General Meade to say that I had not ammunition save what my men had on their persons, and to ask that a supply might be sent to me to hold in reserve. On reconnoitering the ground in my

