
HUNTSVILLE, June 11, 1862.

General BUELL:

Colonel Sill telegraphs from Stevenson as follows:

Two men arrived from Chattanooga; left there this morning; report 10,000 or 12,000 troops, 1,000 cavalry, two field batteries of rifled guns there. Troops had come from Knoxville, Atlanta, and other points; more expected from Savannah; think an invasion of this side contemplated. They also say a fight is progressing at Richmond, in which the Confederates are getting the best of it.

J. W. SILL.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General-MITCHEL, Huntsville:

I wish the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad put in order at the very earliest possible moment. If you can't spare troops for the purpose or if you think best call on Mr. Anderson, but let everything be done to accomplish the object.

At what points on the Tennessee between Decatur and Florence inclusive have you troops and of what strength are the posts? answer.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

General Mitchel is ordered to have the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad put in order in the shortest possible time. He is told to call upon you if necessary.

Give all your efforts to this object and report prospects.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, June 11, 1862.

I will render General Mitchell all the assistance i can if he calls upon me. If I ;do not withdraw force from Decatur road the track to Elk River will be completed in eighteen or twenty days. I think General Mitchel is building bridge over Elk River to be completed at same time. This will open road to Huntsville direct. It will require a strong guard of troops on Chattanooga road, south of Wartrace, to protect the bridges when built. If General Mitchel has saved bridges between Huntsville and Stevenson, we can reach that point sooner via Huntsville than via Chattanooga road, and by better track, though longer.

Edgefield and Kentucky Railroad Company want their engines and cars returned. If General Halleck wants the 184 cars and 6 engines at Louisville sent down to Columbus we cannot spare this stock. What answer shall I give these companies?

Will an organization be wanted to operate the Mobile and Ohio Railroad? Can I assist in getting it up? Organization on roads here and here and working well.

J. B. ANDERSON.

