
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

MY DEAR SIR: This introduces Governor William Sprague, of Rhode Island. He is now Governor for the third time and Senator-elect of the United States. I know the object of his visit to you. He has my cheerful consent to go, but not my direction. You already know I should be exceedingly glad of this if in your judgment it could be without endangering positions and operations in the Southwest, and I now repeat what I have more than once said by telegraph:

Do not come or send a man if in your judgment it will endanger any point you deem important to hold or endangers or delays the Chattanooga expedition.

Still, please give my friend Governor Sprague a full and fair hearing.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

CORINTH, July 6, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

General Rosecrans reports strong demonstrations of the enemy in the direction of Tupelo; also on our right near Kossuth. There is a general movement of the enemy reported. His real design still in doubt. If threatened with superior forces, move this side of Bear Creek and cover Iuka and Eastport. Under no circumstances permit the enemy to get between you and Jacinto.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

BATTLE CREEK, July 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Seventeen box cars loaded with troops are within 2 miles of Bridgeport; have not unloaded yet. Will watch them and report. On an island 4 miles up the river I think there are 300 or 400 infantry. Will investigate.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, July 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

As much forage is sent by railroad as transportation can be got for. Grain has been delivered at Nashville by the river and hay and grain are now on their way by water.

T. SWORDS,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Telegram received. I cannot accumulate forage here, as it is sent to Reynolds' as fast as it arrives. I sent 400,000 pounds of grain and 55,000

