
strictly prohibited,and the most stringent means will be taken by the officers to prevent straggling and plundering, and to insure order and good discipline among the troops.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, October 14, 1862.

Major S. M. MOORMAN,Acting Chief of Staff, First Brigade:

SIR: I am instructed by General Breckinridge to say that he did not send you an invitation to act as chief commissary, but an order. He had, however, appointed Captain [John T.] Davis, Sixth Kentucky Regiment, which relieves you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, NO.2,Barboursville, October 145, [1862] - 5 p. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 12th instant, the general commanding directs me to say that you will halt the command of General Maxey and yourself, and return to Knoxville; first, however, sending to Cumberland Gap (should you not already have reached that point) all subsistence stores which you may have over and above what may be necessary for you on the march to Knoxville. The general commanding desires that you will take command of these troops in person, proceed to Chattanooga by rail, and proceed to take such measures for the defense of Middle Tennessee, or an attack on Nashville, as to your judgment shall seem best.

The general commanding is now en route to follow you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,No. 45. Near Maynardvile, Tenn., October 16, 1862.

I. Colonel R. W. Hanson will take command of the troops which have marched with these headquarters from Knoxville, and will move, via Cumberland Gap, to London, Ky. If he receives no orders at that point, he will march the troops to join the command of Major General E. Kirby Smith, where he will report them to these headquarters.

II. The mounted command of miscellaneous troops, now under Captain M. D. Logan, will accompany Colonel Hanson, except Captain Logan's company, which will report to these headquarters at sunrise to-morrow morning, to accompany the major-general commanding.

III. The chief quartermaster will furnish Captain Logan transportation

