
for eight days' rations for this company of 25 men, and eight days' forage and transportation for it for 25 horses, and the teams necessary to carry the forage, rations, and camp equipage for the company.

IV. Captain Logan will direct the officer next in rank to himself to report to Colonel Hason.

By order of Major General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,Near Maynardville, Tenn., October 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General MAXEY,

Commanding Confederate States Troops:

SIR: Inclosed find copy of order from General Bragg, directing me to halt the column.* The orders to you were to proceed via Cumberland Gap, but couriers I meet say nothing of having met you. You will halt, and try to communicate with General Bragg, whom I suspect is falling back to Cumberland Gap, and, if necessary for you to obtain subsistence, you will have to fall back toward Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,Thirty-five miles form Cumberland Gap, October 17, 1862.

GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have received orders from Headquarters Department Numbers 2, dated Bryantsville, October 12, directing me to halt my column and report for orders. I halt, and will await orders at this place. General Maxey moved force days ago with 5,000 men, with orders to proceed by way of Cumberland Gap. Couriers I meet have not seen him; hence I fear he has turned off through Big Creek Gap. I shall send courier instantly to halt him. I would suggest that orders from your headquarters be sent across by Williamsburg to meet him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,No. 47. Twenty-eight miles from Knoxville, October 18, 1862.

I. The command will move toward Knoxville to-morrow at 8.30 a. m.

II. The chief commissary will send forward to Cumberland Gap all subsistence not required to take the troops to Knoxville, and will have five days' rations for 2, 5000 men at Knoxville, and ten days' rations prepared at Chattanooga for 8,000 men, without delay.

III. The chief quartermaster will cause all the forage he can procure to be immediately collected at Knoxville and Chattanooga, and provide five days' forage for the train the commissary sends to the Gap.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

* Not found; but see Brent to Breckinridge, p.1000.

