SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,No. 53. Near Bridgeport, Ala., October 26, 1862.

The Second, Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky Regiments, with Graves' and Cobb's batteries, will constitute one brigade, of which Colonel R. W. Hanson will take command.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,

No. 1. Murfreesborough, October 28, 1862.

In pursuance of orders from Headquarters Department No. 2, the undersigned assumes command of the forces at and near this point.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General GEO. MANEY, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to advise you he wishes your battery composed from guns taken from the enemy. You will, therefore, order to turn over one of your guns turned over to you from Captain Semple's battery to the reserve, and receive one in its place form reserve. He also directs that the names of the four bravest Tennessee men who were killed on the field be inscribed upon guns. the man to engrave them will be in few days at your camp, to whom you will give the names of men to be engraved, and report the same to the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. OLADOWSKI,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Ordnance Duty.
HDQRS. MANEY'S Brigadier, CHEATHAM'S DIV., POLK'S CORPS,Camp near Shelbyville, April 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: Your note, conveying directions of the commanding general in reference to my battery, was received this morning. The gun from Captain Sempley's battery will be turned over to the reserve whenever demanded.

The instructions of the commanding general as to the inscription of names on the pieces is highly gratifying to me, and will be appreciated by my entire command. Your note expresses that --

The names of the four bravest Tennessee men who were killed on the field be inscribed upon guns.

I feel it proper to mention in this connection that while my command at Perryville contained four Tennessee regiments, each one of which can afford many names eminently deserving the appropriated honor designated, the Forty-first Georgia was also part of my brigade at the time, and participated with the Tennessee regiments, and with like valor and devotion, in the severe conflict, resulting in the capture of a quantity of the enemy's artillery; further, it may be noted, this was the only regiment

