
not of Tennessee in the entire engaged on our extreme right, and I must add, as my conviction, the southern Army lost neither a truer soldier nor more amiable and admirable a gentleman on that field than Colonel Charles A. McDaniel, the commander of that regiment.

It if be the desire of the commanding general to bestow a compliment encouraging and appropriate to the Tennessee troops through my brigade as a medium, the inscription should properly be limited to the names of Tennesseeans; but if the purpose be to honor the fallen braves of this particular brigade, then justice, far more than any generosity, will strongly direct attention to the name of Colonel McDaniel for an inscription.

I respectfully and earnestly suggest that, as the battery complete will contain just one gun for a suitable name from each of my four Tennessee regiments, it would be a profound gratification to me to be allowed the privilege of inscribing the name of Colonel McDaniel on one of the guns captured by my brigade at the battle of Murfreesborough, the gun to be presented to some Georgia battery, as a token of respectful memory on the part of my command for a gallant soldier of a different State from themselves, who gave up his life fighting side by side with them, for the results, whatever they be, of usefulness to the country or honor to themselves, achieved on the field of Perryville.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. MANY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, May 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your kind messages by Colonel [Thomas] Claiborne, of my staff.

General Bragg addressed me a note, similar to one which I afterward learned he had addressed to General Hardee, making inquiry in reference to my action in certain councils of was which may have sustained your conduct at Bardstown and Perryville. As I did not know at the time that the inquiry had been addressed to any other officer but myself, my reply was of a character which did not render it necessary for me to inform you of it, and for that reason I preferred, particularly as I ventured upon the very delicate ground of offering unsought advice, that the matter should for the present remain between General Bragg and myself; but with the knowledge of the fact that other officers are included in the inquiry, I feel now at liberty, in accordance with your request, to communicate to you confidentially, because its publicity might destroy even the slight chance upon which I but my hope of accomplishing some little good.

With high regard, I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

S. B. BUCKNER,

P. S. - The copy of my letter to General Bragg is transmitted through General Hardee.*

* See Part I, p.1105.

