
pounds of hay on the 5th. Yesterday I had no forage on hand to send. I can forward 300 tons per day from here to Reynolds' if it is on hand here for shipment. Colonel Swords reports that he cannot send that quantity from Louisville by rail. The river can be used about three weeks longer for very light-draught boats. I am sending forward supplies from here as fast as received and am assisting Colonel Swords all I can to bring supplies to this place.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Mr. Anderson informs me that if desired Barney, Park &amp; Co., of Dayton, Ohio, will build and deliver at Cairo eighteen box freight cars per week at about $700 each. They want two weeks' notice.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

It is of vital importance that we shall be assured of transportation of supplies from Louisville at an average rate of 300 tons a day at least. Please see that it is arranged with Mr. Guthrie.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

J. G. ANDERSON, Nashville:

I think you may transfer your force to Decatur road as soon as Elk River Bridge is finished, but will not decide yet. At any rate, if you can put any additional force on that route do so by all means.

D. C. BUELL.

COLUMBIA, July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I send you for consideration the following dispatch:

HEADQUARTERS, TULLAHOMA, July 6 (via Shelbyville 7).

Brigadier General JAMES S. NEGLEY, Columbia:

The information which I telegraphed you yesterday: This informant asserts that the force at Elk River Bridge will be attacked; that the number will be 3,000 instead of 2,000 cavalry; that the assault will be to-day or in the morning certainly; that the informant has conversed with men who can be relied on and who know the enemy are coming. Major Wynkoop with three companies of cavalry and Lieutenant Nell's section reached at 5 p.m. yesterday. I ordered them to proceed without delay to Elk River Bridge to re-enforce Colonel Barnes, who is there with his command.

S. W. PRICE,Colonel, Commanding.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

