
COLUMBIA, July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Submit you the following dispatch from Colonel Barnes. Captain Standart and two sections artillery, also three companies of Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, are ready to leave here immediately. Do you advise their being sent to Wartrace or Murfreesborough forthwith?

ELK RIVER, NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD, [July] 7.

General NEGLEY:

My information and judgment indicate that I should, with my command, remain here for the present. My scouts in direction of Pelham returned last evening and report the enemy, under Adams, Forrest, and Starnes, concentrating at Pelham and Altamont, and that their numbers are large. When concentrated they intend to assault us or yo on Wartrace or somewhere along the line, perhaps more than one place. You had better keep your scouts out and a sharp lookout to prevent surprise. My scouts say the roads indicate heavy and late travel of cavalry and wagons in direction of Pelham. They went within 4 miles of Pelham yesterday. Keep me advised. In haste.

SIDNEY M. BARNESS,

Eighty Kentucky Infantry.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch reads, "You need not go the Athens." Do you intend that I shall remain here until my command is concentrated as per order? There are two companies First Kentucky Cavalry at railroad bridges between this and Franklin. What troops relieve them? No mention is made of Major Wynkoop's battalion of Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry; has it been relieved from my command? There is a large number of injured and unserviceable animals gathered up here. They are a serious expense, and ought to be disposed of. Will I order a board of inspection to condemn and have them sold?

JAS. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Presuming that your orders have been executed, and that the troops are vigilant, it is thought that the force at Tullahoma and Elk River Bridge is sufficient to resist the cavalry attack with which they are threatened. Warn them to be watchful and determined.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

Colonel HAMBRIGHT, Shelbyville:

It is presumed you have not yet marched under Special Orders, No. 89. You will at once move your command for the protection of the railroad and bridges from Duck River to Wartrace inclusive, and post

