
your force as it will best accomplish the object, guarding most carefully the most important bridges. At every bridge erect an inclosed stockade in the strongest position, so as to give an effective infantry defense of the bridge. That at Duck River, where there should be not less than two companies, should be about 40 feet in diameter and perhaps octagonal shape; at the other bridges stockades about 25 feet in diameter. General Negley will send to join you at once that part of Standart's battery and the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry now at Columbia. Post them with your command as may be required. It is the intention to abandon Shelbyville, and any stores should be removed to the point occupied by the principal part of your command. The object of a force where you are is to guard the Chattanooga road, and you will do all you can with this view, though not specified in this order. Arrange telegraph so as to keep a communication with us.

Copy to General Negley, who will order the artillery and cavalry to move to Colonel Hambright at once.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Tuscumbia, Ala.,July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your telegram directing me to draw supplies from Eastport and Iuka received. There must be some mistake; I have been drawing from Iuka and Eastport and did not apply for permission to draw from anywhere else. The engineer party sent here by General Buell's order has gone to Decatur to get the engine about being crossed over. I have here six car loads of forage for Decatur, which will go up to-morrow if the engine can pull it. Shall be able to send as much more by the next trip. The forage comes by river, and I get my supplies by the dirt road in my wagons.

Have had some excitement here among the natives, but all is quiet now. Expect to arrest the men who shot Wood's sentinel at the trestle near Courtland to-night or to-morrow. Have arrested young Winston, who lives near this place, for corresponding with the enemy; proof good, though not available in court of justice.

Deserters from Aberdeen, left Thursday last, say Van Dorn's division passed down the Mobile and Ohio Railroad en route for East Tennessee. Much sickness and discontent in the army and a great many desertions.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, United States Volunteers.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Nashville:

Captain Bingham reports no forage in Nashville to send forward

to-day. Put grain into Nashville faster; don't use the cars for hay. Send grain, and report daily be telegraphed how much you send.

D. C. BUELL.

