
LOUISVILLE, KY., July 7, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

One hundred and ninety bales of hay and 26,457 bushels of grain were sent by the road last week. It is sent as cars can be had from day to day. The commissary requires 160 tons daily. The depot is crowded. The road cannot do our business until they get their original rolling stock. I am having forage sent by river to relieve as much as possible.

T. SWORDS.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 7, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

Call into requisition by telegraph or otherwise every boat you can command to push forward supplies, especially forage, to Nashville while the river is high enough. It will probably be navigable for very light boats for three weeks yet. The capacity of the railroad to supply us must also be increased to at least 300 tons a day. It is of vital importance. We are living from day to day on short supplies and our operations are completely crippled.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, July 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Louisville:

It seems that the enemy at Tupelo and Okolona are moving, but what is to be their point of attack is doubtful. General Grant thinks it is Memphis, others Corinth or Tuscumbia, and others again your lines at Chattanooga. A few days more many reduce these doubts to a certainty, when our troops will operate accordingly.

The President telegraphs that your progress is not satisfactory and that you should move more rapidly. The long time taken by you to reach Chattanooga will enable the enemy to anticipate you by concentrating a large force to meet you.

I communicate his views, hoping that your movements hereafter may be so rapid as to remove all cause of compliant, whether well founded or not.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Colonel Swords, in speaking of forage, says it is sent as cars can from day to day be had. The commissary requires 160 tons daily. The depot is crowded. The road cannot do our business until they get their original rolling stock. Please look into this matter and report. Communicate with Mr. Guthrie; also let me know exactly what can be done.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

