
The other two are to erect stockades at all the bridges north of Stevenson as high up as Elk River. The two regiments will be taken in the cars from Stevenson up to the first break in the railroad, and then one regiment must be sent forward to erect stockades, and the other back toward Stevenson, erecting them on that part of the line. As the stockades are completed one company will be left at each until relieved by a guard designated for that duty.

The general desires you to prescribe the size and shape of these stockades and to superintend their erection and give such general directions as may be necessary. Captain Bankhead, Fifth United States Infantry, is directed to co-operate with you in this work. Start to-morrow morning. Do nothing to delay or interfere with the repairs of railroad; on the contrary, expedite that work whenever you may find an opportunity to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM S. SMITH,Commanding Third Division:

SIR: An order was issued from these headquarters several days ago ordering a portion of Colonel Hennett's regiment of cavalry away from the house of Mrs. Robinson, 11 miles from Huntsville, on the Vienna road.

The general commanding desires to know why this order has not been complied with, and also directs that Captain Zano, or Zaner [?], Fourth in Mrs. Robinson's house in violation of General Orders, No,4, II, from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM, Nashville, and

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

How many cavalry horses have you and where are they? We must get possession of them at once. Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

SHELBYVILLE, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The Orders, No. 87, has not been received by me, but have received orders from General Negley to call in the companies of my regiment from Wartrace and other points on Chattanooga Railroad. My command is in readiness to march to Athens. General Negley has also notified the detachments composing my command whilst a brigadier-

