
general that they were relieved from my command from the 7th instant. Major Wynkoop, with three companies of his battalion and section First Kentucky Battery, I ordered to Elk River on the 5th. Fifth Kentucky Cavalry I sent to Wartrace last night. Have couriers between the points and hear from one that the points are in danger. I have no instructions whatever to move any portion of my command since the 5th. I will act upon your instructions immediately.

H. A. HAMBRIGHT.

SHELBYVILLE, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. J. FRY:

I received a dispatch from Colonel Barnes stating that he had information of a large force concentrating at Pelham under General Floyd, drawing their supplies from Hillsborough. The forces now stationed along the line of Chattanooga Railroad are Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Price at Tullahoma; Eighth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Barnes, at Elk River Bridge; also one section of First Kentucky Battery and three companies of Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry at same place; Colonel Bayles' fourth Kentucky Cavalry, two companies Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, four companies Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry between Duck River and Wartrace. I have one company at Shelbyville as provost guard, having in charge a number of prisoners; one company as train guard to Nashville. The initials A. B. G. denote a rank conferred by General Negley while commanding the detachments on the Chattanooga expedition but not assumed. The principal danger from the information would be Elk River. Orders, No. 89, was received at 5 o'clock this evening, the first I knew of it. Shall I remain as per instructions dated the 7th? Previous orders have scattered my command.

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania.

COLUMBIA, July 8, 1862.

General BUELL:

I am exceedingly anxious to send for my brother's family, now in Mississippi. General Negley refers me to you for permission, which I shall be much obliged to have.

JEROME PILLOW.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

Captain W. H. WADE, Decatur:

The first thing for you to do is to take a strong position as convenient as possible both to the railroad and ferry. Strengthen it by intrenchments and any other means that may be most available. This should be done instantly. I have ordered a regiment of infantry and battery of artillery to the river opposite you. The object of your force is to protect the railroad; therefore you must not confine yourself to a defensive

