
then the object of the force on this side will be to cover the retreat of the force from the other. Leave the force there until recalled.

Have reports by telegraph sent me of anything important.

You will visit the other side of the river and see that the officers there has taken a good position and strengthens it by intrenchments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD,Commanding Sixth Division:

General Buell directs that he headquarters and two battalions of the Third Ohio Cavalry march at once to Woodville, a point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad about 20 miles east of Huntsville. It is thought that the cavalry may find a fair road direct from Mooresville to Woodsville, passing to the south of Huntsville, avoiding Hunstville, carrying them through a good country for forage, and over which it is desirable to scout. You will therefore direct that guides and information be sought on this point. If the road is found to answer for the troops only the train can be sent via Huntsville. If you fail entirely in finding such a road then let them move through Huntsville. The command should be take three days' rations in haversacks and should purchase their own forage on the route. They will be supplied at Woodville by the railroad. Report the departure of the command and direct the colonel to report promptly his arrival at Woodville, that supplies may be sent to him. They must pay for the forage he takes on the march, and prevent all depredations upon the people. Bands of rebel cavalry and guerrillas infest the country south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and your cavalry should be vigilant and active on the march and after its arrival at Woodville.

Further instructions will be sent when the colonel reports his arrival at Woodville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LARKINSVILLE, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

I telegraphed General Smith, but received no reply. Two trains will be down in a few minutes. Shall I send the troops of Colonel Buckley forward on them? Please reply at once.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs that you send two regiments from the brigade from which the other regiments were sent by cars to Stevenson, letting

