
CORINTH, June 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Following received from Bear Creek to Colonel Kelton:

My instructions from the commanding general of the Army of the Ohio direct me to move toward Decatur on being relieved here by General Nelson, leaving a brigade at Tuscumbia. General Nelson informs me that he is ordered to send a brigade to Decatur? Whence will I draw supplies after I advance beyond Tuscumbia?

I would be glad to have explicit instructions and information, and apply directly to headquarters of the department in the absence, as I am informed, of the commanding general of the Ohio from Corinth. I propose to draw my forces together to-day, they working paries, and move early to-morrow. My instructions contemplate that I will repair the railroad beyond Tuscumbia. To do this I must have a portion of the Engineer Regiment. Will the necessary orders be given? In my resume last evening of General Hascall's dispatch I omitted to mention he reports the railroad bridge at Tuscumbia destroyed. Please answer early.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigades-General.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General WOOD, Bear Creek:

Your dispatch to Colonel Kelton has been forwarded here. Your orders are to proceed with your division to Decatur, repairing the railroad as you go and drawing your supplies from Florence via Tuscumbia. If you hear of a force of the enemy in your vicinity you are to move upon and drive it off unless it proves to be too attack. The entire regiment of the Third Ohio Cavalry is ordered to your division. General Smith is directed to send some of the Engineers and Mechanics along to aid in all the repairs and to see to it himself.

General Buell directs me to say that you must in future apply to these headquarters for instructions or explanation of instructions and make your reports in the same manner.

JAMES B. FRY,Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Camp near Corinth, June 11, 1862.

Lieutenant MESSINGER,

First Regiment Wisconsin, Acting Ordnance Officer:

SIR: You will at once make up an ammunition train of 100 wagons. The quartermaster has been directed to send the wagons to you to-morrow. Let each wagon be loaded with about 1,800 pounds of ammunition and carry its own forage (about 500 pounds.) Each wagon should have one caliber or kind of ammunition only as far as practicable, and you should keep a record of the contents of your wagons. You will see that thus loaded the loss of a wagon would be serious, as it would make a heavy drought on the caliber it contained, and you will therefore take pains to see that no wagon is left behind unnecessarily, and if one should break down absolutely the contents must be transferred to some other wagon carrying the same caliber.

