
them take the train at Larkinsville or such other point as General Smith may designate. Send the brigade commander with them and left him at Stevenson assume command there of his other regiments. Instructed the brigade commander to use his force for protecting the railroad from Stevenson north (toward Nashville) and for expediting the work upon it. Report that regiment you have sent forward.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

At Reynolds' Station, two companies Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania; at Lynnville, two companies Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania; at Culleoka, one company Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania; at Duck River Bridge, one company First Kentucky Cavalry; at Franklin, one company Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. Have no further control, but have inquired; will send you report as soon as received. There is constant danger of the bridges being destroyed; several attempts, one nearly successful, have been made. There are numerous straggling parties of returned cavalry and guerrillas infesting the lower counties, who are constantly committing depredations. As they are aided in a measure by the disloyal citizens it is hardly possible to drive them all away. If no cavalry can be distributed along the railroad it will be necessary to mount a few of the infantry to scout and patrol.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Telegram received. I have 200 cavalry horses on hand fit to issue. Shall I send for more?

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 9, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM, Nashville:

Five hundred horses are wanted at once for Kennett's cavalry. Other regiments will also want horses. Colonel Swords was some weeks ago ordered to by 5,000. They should be sent forward as rapidly as possible. Send the 500 here for Colonel Kennett.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Horses are coming in; about 200 on hand; cannot send them by rail without interfering with other supplies. Shall I have them driven? Generals Morgan and Boyle are also requiring horses.

T. SWORDS.

