HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 9, 1862.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENER,Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters District of the Ohio:

SIR: I have received this day your letter of the 7th instant, inclosing a copy of a letter addressed by you to the provost-marshal, of Nashville, ordering him to inflict an infamous punishment on one Captain De Pugh,* Second Tennessee Volunteers, and also a copy of the provost-marshal's reply, declining to execute the order. In answer to your inquiry whether or not the general approves of your action in this matter I am directed to inform you that your letter is disapproved, except in so far as it requires the prisoner to be turned over to the civil authorities for trial. The evidence in the case should go with the prisoner into the hands of the civil authorities. It is regretted that you should have taken a step which might result in bringing the authority of the district commander into contempt. The certificate of disability and De Pugh's receipt for &amp;25 are herewith returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 9, 1862.

Captain GREENE, Nashville:

Send order to Colonel Matthews, Fifty-firth Ohio, to proceed with his regiment at once to Tullahoma instead of coming here. Arrange it so the orders will overtake him. Report receipt of this and let me know when Matthews gets the order.

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Huntsville, Ala.:

I am in receipt of a dispatch from Boyle, who says that four companies Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry were terribly whipped near Tompkinsville, Ky., to-day by a thousand rebel cavalry under Starnes, who are now rapidly advancing on Bowling Green.

I have directed Colonel Miller to send the Eleventh Michigan by special train to Bowling Green as soon as possible to protect that bridge. Dr. Clifford send me word that a friend of his just from Chattanooga says that Harry Hetch is now on his way with 7,000 cavalry to make a raid into Nashville and vicinity.

OLIVER D. GREENE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 9, 1862.

Colonel WALKER,

Commanding Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, Fayetteville:

SIR: If you have not yet marched in compliance with Special Orders, No. 89, of July 1,you will, instead of coming in this direction, proceed

---------------

*Arrested for procuring fraudulent discharges of United States soldiers.

---------------

8 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

