
at once with your regiment to Elk River Bridge, on the Chattanooga Railroad, and await there further orders, defending that point if necessary. If there are stores or property to be left at Fayetteville a guard, if not more than a company, must be left in charge of them. Report by bearer upon you position, condition of things at Fayetteville, and the length of time it will take you to get to Elk River Bridge. Report your arrival at that point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I received Special Orders, No. 89, by mail but not by telegraph yesterday, and have notified Eighth Kentucky, Hewett's battery, Ninth Michigan, Third Minnesota. I report the stations of troops under my command as ordered: Third Minnesota stationed at Murfreesborough; Ninth Michigan at Murfreesborough, except four companies at Tullahoma; Twenty-first Kentucky stationed at Tullahoma; Eighth Kentucky stationed at present at Elk River Bridge, except one company at Wartrace; Hewett's battery, four pieces at Murfreesborough and two at Tullahoma; Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, one battalion at Murfreesborough; Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, one squadron at Murfreesborough and four companies at Wartrace or below there on the bridges. The bridge guards below here are usually one company strong. Colonel Hambright, commanding at Shelbyville, has made some dispositions of his troops lately of which I am not advised. The cavalry at Wartrace (Fourth Kentucky) is not under my command. Report to these headquarters.

H. C. LESTER,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Brigade.

DECATUR, July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Despatches per special messenger received this morning. Ordered headquarters and two battalions cavalry to march as soon as practicable to Woodville. No other practicable route than by Huntsville. Left orders to report their departure immediately to you. Have a regiment of infantry on the other side. It marched down the railway. Battery is coming down by wagons roads. I have given Captain Wade such instructions as will in my opinion, if vigorously carried out, repulse a light attack or enable him to pass to the north side of the river readily if attacked in force.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, July 9, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Huntsville, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 3rd instant, suggesting that permanent bridges be erected before the winter freshest over certain

