
CORINTH, MISS., July 10, 1862.

(Received 5 p.m.)

The PRESIDENT:

Governor Sprague is here. If I were to go to Washington I could advise but one thing: to place all the forces in North Carolina, Virginia, and Washington under one head and hold that head responsible for the result.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

REYNOLDS' STATION, July 10, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Average weight of subsistence carried by wagons from 2,100 to 2,200 pounds. Bridge over creek here will be completed by Monday next. Three companies of Michigan Engineers are at work at Elk River Bridge, and three move will meet this detachment at trestle work this side of river.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 10, 1862.

Colonel McCOOK,Commanding at Reynolds' Station:

The general does not desire the oath of allegiance presented to all citizens. Where deserters and discharged soldiers from the rebel army come in your lines they must take the oath or be sent into Nashville as prisoners. In case of ordinary civilians the general wishes you to exercise a wise discretion in the privileges you grant and the restrictions you place upon them.

JAMES B. FRY.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Morresville, Ala.,July 10, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I telegraphed you to-day to have a train sent down to move some of the corn which my command has collected here. It is with extreme difficulty I can get enough subsistence from Athens to meet the current wants of my division. In fact it is impossible to get a full supply of the constituent parts of the rations. In the essential article of salt the supply has been altogether below the allowance for more than a month. As a consequence it has been impracticable of issue as much fresh beef to the troops as would have been judicious. My commissary has no salt on hand has not been able to draw any for several days. I beg the commanding general will have these matters corrected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

