HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 10, 1862.

Colonel A. D. STREIGHT, opposite Decatur:

The recruits from Alabama had better join regiments now in service. Explain to them on this point. It would be difficult for them to organize companies and regiments of their own - no Governor to aid them, no clothing, arms, or equipments to give them, and no officers to assist them. They would not get pay until they were organized and would probably fail. By joining any old regiment their pay commences at once; they come under officers who know how to provide and take care of them and no difficulty arises. Tell them to enlist as recruits in any of our regiments and assist them to do so in any way required.

JAMES B. FRY.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Tuscumbia, Ala.,July 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

I hear that a force of the enemy's cavalry is encamped on the hills south of Courtland awaiting an opportunity to do some damage to the railroad. I think they can be captured if located where they are reported to be, and will start a command after them as soon as my scouts come in. They do doubt cut the telegraph wire. I will send up to-morrow and have that repaired. A deserter from Tupelo, arrived to-day, reports two brigades there. They are moving south; he says to Richmond; I think to Chattanooga.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 10, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Last night I received dispatches from General Boyle commanding in Kentucky, stating that a raid by a cavalry force of 2,000 has been made into Kentucky, and asking me to send one or two regiments to his relief. This morning I have three more dispatches from same source, asking that troops be sent immediately, as the raid is of magnitude. Captain O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general of Buell's staff, who exercises command over troops here so far as to order them wherever he wishes, refuses to take notice of these dispatches and afford the necessary relief for Kentucky and Tennessee. This attack is aimed at the highway - the Louisville and Nashville Railroad - which should be protected by all means. as necessary for the safety of this place and all Middle Tennessee. This Captain Greene has not only refused to co-operate with me, but has used his position as assistant adjutant-general in locating the troops here directly in opposition to my views and with great damage to the cause. Right in face of these important dispatches an order sending away nearly all the force from this place is persisted in. I consider the policy which has been pursued by Buell's adjutant-general here in the absence of Buell as most decidedly detrimental to the public interest. My opinion is that he is at this time in complicity with the traders here, and shall therefore have him arrested and sent

