
beyond the influence of rebels and traders if he is not immediately removed.

Your letter of the 3rd received. I thank you for it.

The number of troops suggested can and will be raised in Tennessee. As to an expression of public opinion, as soon as the rebel army can be expelled from East Tennessee there can and will be an expression of public opinion that will surprise you; but I am constrained to say one thing, as I said to you repeatedly in the fall, General Buell is not the man to redeem East Tennessee. The troops to be raised and concentrated at this point must be placed under the command and control of some one familiar with and identified with Tennessee, and Governor Gampbell will be a good selection.

Mr. President, since I reached this place there has been a struggle and a contest going on between the provost-marshals, brigadier-generals, and staff officers of General Buell, which has retreated the reaction and development of Union sentiment here. All I ask is to be sustained by the President. Please send an answer immediately, as it is highly important to properly dispose of the small force we have and that Captain Greene shall not be allowed to damage the cause we are laboring to maintain.

With great respect,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 10, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

Captain Greene, professing to act by authority of General Buell, who has not been here since March, defies my authority and issues orders nullifying my acts. He has since my dispatch to you of this afternoon put Lewis D. Campbell, Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, and provost-marshal, under arrest, because he obeyed an order I issued to him as provost-marshal, and has appointed a provost-marshal in whom I have no confidence. I was informed by dispatch from Secretary of War that the Sixty-ninth Ohio was ordered to report to me. I desire an order from you at once reinstating Colonel Campbell and a transfer of Captain Greene to some post beyond the limits of this State. This change must be made as necessary to our successful operations here. The commission I hold, as I conceive, give me full and ample power to appoint a provost-marshal, yet I prefer the order from you. I must have the means to execute my orders or abandon the undertaking.

With great respect,

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

NASHVILLE, July 10, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Last night I received dispatch from General Boyle at Frankfort stating rebels' advanced force of 2,000 had made a raid on Kentucky and asking that a force be sent to his relief from here.

I have just received the following dispatch:

FRANKFORT, KY., July 9, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON:

Cannot Colonel Miller send a force in the rear to cut off these rebels? I beg you will communicate with General Buell and have cavalry force sent to Sparta-sufficient

