
The party now on duty with you will continue and move with the train. As your wagons are loaded they should stretch out on the road to Farmington and take up the line by your order when the entire train is loaded. Report here in person to-morrow evening after you have loaded, and you will receive further instructions and directions as to the route to be taken.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General WILLIAM S. SMITH, Bear Creek:

You will go over the road in advance of Bear Creek, with General Wood, and distribute the Engineer Regiment as may best effect the repairs to Decatur.

Tell Colonel Innes of this order, that the may detail his men as you suggest. You must direct the repairs and call for detail his men as you suggest. You must direct the repairs and cal for details from General Wood. Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, June 11, 1862.

Colonel J. B. Fry:

Telegram received. The river is falling, with 3 1/2 feet on the Shoals. On Friday and Sturday there will be about 30 inches on the Shoals. The steamboats May Duke and Fisher are the only boats running now. They will be able to cross the Shoals on Saturday with 100 tons of freight.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS AT PRATT'S, EAST TENNESSEE,June 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

GENERAL: When I had the honor to receive your telegram it was too late to change my plan. I have advanced upon a road so narrow that two wagons cannot pass each other. The guns had to be drawn over several hills by block and tackle. I need say nothing of the difficulties of such an advance. A retrograde movement would be next to impossible. My troops are confident and in good spirits; to fall back would demoralize them.

Will you pardon me, general, for asking whether it is possible to reenforce General Negley, so as to retain Smith at Chattanooga? My advance guard occupies Rogers' Gap and will probably descend into the valley to-morrow. To-day our pickets had two skirmishes with those of the enemy, in which he sustained some loss in killed and wounded. On our side there were no casualties.

I will try and destroy the railroad bridges on either side of Knoxville, and throughout will act upon a bold, determined policy, as it is

