
Mitchel led me to expect that the Chattanooga road would be completed by the first of this month. I do not censure him for being mistaken. I have nearly doubled the force on it and it cannot be finished before Monday next. The gap of 22 miles on the Decatur road, the one we are dependent upon for supplies, has, from the character of the road made it more expeditious to take another route, 40 miles long, and it requires every wagon that can be possibly spared to keep the troops from starving, and at that we are living from day to day. We consume of provisions alone about 100,000 ponds daily, which with our animals in their present condition requires about 60 wagons to carry. The trip cannot be made, going and coming, in less than five days; 350 wagons are therefore required to haul provisions alone over this gap; to haul forage over the same distance even at half rations would require 700 more. We are using about 500 wagons, managing with great difficulty to subsist our animals mainly on the country, already nearly exhausted of supplies. It will thus be seen that we cannot advance beyond Stevenson until the road is completed so as to release the wagons not absolutely required in rear. These animals are getting out timber for boats, which will be finished as soon as possible. These are matters of fact which cannot be gratifying. The dissatisfaction of the President pains me exceedingly.

I request that this dispatch may be communicated to him.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 11, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

Have the locks on Green river repaired immediately, and be prepared at any moment to send supplies that way. Report when the workmen will be on the ground.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 11, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia,Colonel LESTER, Murfreesborough,

Colonel HAMBRIGHT, Shelbyville or Wartrace,

COMMANDING OFFICER, Tullahoma,

COMMANDING OFFICER, Elk River Bridge, Chattanooga Road:

A party of about 200 Starnes' cavalry captured a cotton an sutler's train at 12 last night, about 16 miles north of Huntsville, on Fayetteville road. Half of the party, with the wagons, went toward Winchesters and the other half toward Shelbyville. Be on the alert and try and intercept them. The cavalry along the line south of Murfreesborough should watch the roads and scour the country for this purpose, and infantry posted on the thoroughfares over which the rebels with their prize could escape. This information is sent to commanding officers at Columbia, Murfreesborough, Wartrace, Shelbyville, Tullahoma, and Elk River. The cavalry should be notified by the officer nearest to them who gets this dispatch. Commanding officer at Elk River will communicate this information to the troops south of him and act in concert with them.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

