
Telegraph just received from Captain Wade, which is as follows:

DECATUR, July 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

SIR: Agreeably to your orders I took 50 men, marched to the break in the telegraph wire, found it down half a mile, repaired it all except putting up one piece of wire between two of the poles, this wire having been burned. Yesterday morning the rebels burned the water tank and bridge at Trinity, 6 miles from this place. Between here and the bridge over Fox Creek there are ten bridges or trestle, any one of which if burned would delay the train for several days.

I do not believe that there is any considerable force of the enemy in this vicinity, all the burning on the road having been done by a party of about 30, and these do not belong to regular Confederate Army, but are citizens. All the planters along the line as far as I went are gone from home. The negroes say that they come back every few days. These are the men who are doing the business.

All the whites whom I saw told me that there was 250 of the cavalry belonging to Boughton's squadron, who burned the water tanks and bridges, but the negroes say there were only 30 or 40. The train came up as far as Courtland on Wednesday, and the engine being out of order it left the train and rank back; heave heard nothing from it since.

If I had a full company of cavalry and permission to operate on the offensive I can protect the railroad and telegraph for a distance of 10 miles.

The wire is cut in several places between Courtland and Tuscumbia. Could not communicate with General Thomas.

W. H. WADE,

Captain.

It will be necessary for you to guard all the bridges on the line and protect them by stockades in accordance with instructions heretofore issued. The damage must be repaired.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 11, 1862.

General WOOD, Mooresville:

Colonel Streight reports that there are 700 men about 25 miles south of Decatur who are trying to come in to join our army, and Colonel Streight is anxious to go with his regiment to bring them in. You can order an expedition of this kind. In doing so it will be necessary to send another regiment to take Colonel Streight's place near Decatur. It will not be practicable for you to cross cavalry over to send, but the colonel can take any cavalry that may be at Decatur. Instruct the officer who goes in command to be cautions and not expose his command to ambuscade or surprise or to attack a superior force. He should not be gone more than three or four days and must take no baggage. He must be careful not to let the people suppose that his presence indicates a permanent occupation, and thus lead them into demonstrations for which the rebels would make them suffer after our withdrawal. Give such orders for the details and precautionary instructions as the case may seem to you to require.

JAMES B. FRY.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 11, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch ordering a guard of 40 men for every train sent below Murfreesborough is received and the guard will be provided.

T. T. CRITTENDEN.

