SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 99. Huntsville, Ala., July 11, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General W. S. Smith is relieved from temporary command of the Third Division and assigned to the command of all the guards on the Nashville and Decatur, Nashville and Chattanooga, and Memphis and Charleston Railroads, and will in addition perform such special duty in connection with these lines of communication as the general commanding the army may direct. Such regiments or companies as may be posted as guards on the lines designated and still belong to brigade will make their regular returns and reports to brigade headquarters, but will receive orders from General Smith in reference to all their duties in connection with guarding the railroads.

III. Brigadier General L. H. Rousseau is assigned to the command of the Third Division, Army of the Ohio.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The great difficulty and labor of getting freight across the river at Decatur and the liability of the road to interruption make the Memphis and Charleston road useless as a channel of supplies for this army. It is, however, highly desirable and even important to keep the road open as a means of communication and as a line of outposts. I recommend therefore, and in fact, anticipating your assent, will order General Thomas to organize a guard train to make two trips a day. It should have a guard of 40 men, with the means of repairing the wires and slight breaks in the road. By this means the road can easily be kept open against any force that threatens it now. I have no exact report as to the present break in the road, but presume it can be repaired in a very few days. It appears that by some mistake a small bridge was left unguarded.

D. C. BUELL.

HUNTSVILLE, July 12, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The present formidable raid of Morgan into Kentucky will, I hope, result disastrously for him. Large parties, reported 400 or 500 strong, have already been defeated at Lebanon and Burkesville, and troops are in motion to intercept him at various other points. Information from various quarters leave but little room to doubt that a heavy cavalry force is being thrown across from Chattanooga to operate in Middle Tennessee and Kentucky. It has been stated as high as 8,000; Heth in command. I am throwing a strong brigade, with a battery and regiment of cavalry, into McMinnville; a very important point in every respect. I will explain further dispositions at another time. As a

