
the only prudent one in my position. The present fate of East Tennessee depends upon Kirby Smith being all occupied at Chattanooga.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Ford:

General Negley has been withdrawn from before Chattanooga, but General Mitchel is instructed as far as possible to keep his troops in position to treated that point.

As you were previously advised, you will have to depend mainly upon your own ability to beat the force opposed to you.

D. C. BUELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Numbers 23. In Camp, June 11, 1862.

It has been satisfactorily shown that W. G. Semple, sutler of the second Kentucky Regiment, contrary, to law, arranged with Wagon-master S. Hudson for the transportation of sutler's goods in government wagons from Hamburg Landing to the camps of this army, in consideration for which the wagon-master was to receive $10 per load, which stores were discovered in the process of transportation. In another case the goods of a sutler were found in process of transportation in Government wagons, but without the knowledge of the wagon-master.

The captured stores in both cases are directed to be forfeited, and will be turned over to the medical director for use of the sick and wounded. In the first case the sutler and wagon-master will be forthwith dismissed from their places, the wagon-master forfeiting whatever pay, not exceeding &amp;100, that may be due him; and in the second case the wagon-master, for neglecting his duty, will be discharged, and the teamsters will forfeit whatever pay, not exceeding &25 each, that may be due them.

It is also shown that Shultze and Stewart, sutlers of Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, engaged Wagon-master Wayman to haul goods for them, agreeing to pay the wagon-master $25 a load, and that one load was hauled under this contract. Wagon-master Wayman will in consequence forfeit whatever pay may be due him, not exceeding $100, and be discharged from the service. Sutlers Shultze and Stewart not belonging to this command the disposition to be made of them is left to the general commanding the army to which the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers belongs.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Danville, June 12, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

If any portion of Beauregard's army has left this country, except the numerous deserters who have returned to their homes, the testimony of agents and deserters is worthless. I myself do not doubt that of what

