HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM and MACFEELY, Nashville:

The road to Stevenson will be done to-day and trains can come through to-morrow. Send supplies to Stevenson as rapidly as possible. Send some clothing at once - shoes and pants first. Supply the troops along the line on their requisitions.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

General THOMAS T. CRITTENDEN, Murfreesborough:

The Twenty-third Brigade, under Colonel Duffield, has been ordered to move for McMinnville as soon as the Eighteenth Ohio reaches Tullahoma; probably on the 15th. Special Orders No. 89, requires the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry to take posts as follows: Two companies at Nashville, six companies and headquarters at Murfreesborough, two companies at Tullahoma, and two companies at Cowan. Find the commanding officer of the regiment and direct him to move his companies accordingly, except to have one company at Shelbyville for a few days and to report when the movement is completed. I am unable thus far to find out where all the companies of this regiment are. Acknowledge.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

Colonel W. W. DUFFIELD, Murfreesborough:

Mr. Anderson, superintendent of railroad repairs, is ordered to go to work on the McMinnville road. Direct one regiment of your brigade from Tullahoma to proceed with Anderson's working party and assist in the repairs and guard the line. They must erect a stockade for the defense of every bridge as they come to it and have a suitable guard to protect it. The stockade should be octagonal in shape and, say, 25 or 30 feet in diameter. The Eighteenth Ohio is ordered to station four companies at Cowan and six with headquarters at Tullahoma. They should be in position by the 15th instant. As soon as the six companies are in position at Tullahoma you will march the whole of your brigade to McMinnville, moving the part from Tullahoma and Murfreesborough so that they will that point as near simultaneously as possible,and try to keep yourself in communication with both parts. The Twenty-fourth Illinois is ordered to guard the bridges on the Chattanooga road not otherwise provided for, but will not guard the McMinnvile road. You will therefore stockade and guard every bridge on that road as your troops advance and will keep guards upon it until they are relieved by orders from here. Take with you five days' rations for the whole command and then draw from Murfreesborough or Nashville. It will be necessary for you to push the repairs of the McMinnville Railroad to early completion. Mr. Bruch, manager of telegraphs, Nashville, has been ordered to run the line to Tullahoma and Cowan

