
and to McMinnville. Expedite this work, particularly to the latter point, and communicate with Mr. Bruch on the subject. Don't fail to erect a stockade for every bridge, and then small guards will render your bridges comparatively secure. Acknowledge receipt.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

NOTE BY GENERAL BUELL.-The day after this dispatch was sent Murfreesborough was attacked and captured by Forrest.

JULY 12, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT OR NEAR COWAN:

SIR: A party of about 200 rebel cavalry (Starnes') captured a cotton and sutler's train 16 miles north of Huntsville, on the Fayetteville road, at 12 m. last night. After the capture the party divided, about half taking the train and moving toward Winchester, the other half going north toward Shelbyville. It is desired to intercept them, and with a view to this you will move in suitable forces promptly to Winchester and endeavor to surprise the rebels if you learn their exact whereabouts. It would be well for you, if practicable, to get possession of the roads west of Winchester, as they there converge on that town and diverge in leaving it for the east. Telegraphic orders have been sent to the commanding officers on the north of you. You will, how ever, at once send through to the commanding officer at Elk River Bridge, and give him the information and co-operate with him. Tell him also to make the fact known to any of our cavalry within his reach.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,Cumberland Gap:

The rebel Morgan has advanced into Kentucky and reached and burned Lebanon; is advancing on Danville, and threatens Lexington and your line of communications. Want of cavalry in Kentucky renders it difficult to check him, and your line is in danger. Do what you can to protect any part of it and to send back convoys for your trains on the road. Morgan is said to have 2,000 cavalry; he probably has not to exceed 1,000.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Finish up the business at Columbia before you leave there. Instead of posting the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania as in Orders 89, post it as follows: Two companies at Franklin; four at Columbia; two at Pulaski,

