
and two at Elk River Bridge, north side of the river. Report as soon as you put these in position. You have not answered my inquiries about Board's cavalry. Have you received them? The First Wisconsin and Thirty-eighth Indiana will be sent to you at Athens soon.

JAMES B. FRY.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Tuscumbia, Ala.,July 12, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff, Huntsville, Ala.:

I have sent out three regiments toward Moulton, two to get to the south and one to proceed direct to Moulton from Courtland, to capture or disperse the enemy's force in that direction. Have also directed Colonel Steedman, Fourteenth Ohio, to inquire into the matter of the burning of the trestle near Jonesborough and arrest all who were implicated. I was not informed until the receipt of your dispatch by bearer that the trestle near Decatur was burned. Will have the bridges repaired as soon as possible. The telegraph is already in operation. If I can possibly get a serviceable engine will also put a guard train on the road.

From what Captain Wade reports, as copied in your dispatch, I think most of the citizens living along that part of the road should be arrested and their property seized.

I have made a very important arrest do-day of a man named Rayland, from Arkansas. He was reported to me by Dr. Belote, who also informed me that he was one of the leaders in the State of Arkansas in seizing Government property before that State had even seceded.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 12, 1862.

General THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

I sent you instructions in reference to railroad and telegraph last night be messenger from Athens. The route from Iuka to Decatur is not one we can rely upon for supplies, but it is desirable to keep it open. It would seem from Captain Wade's report that some of the bridges have been unguarded. The general desires you to have guards assigned and inclosed stockade works erected for the defense of every bridge and trestle on the road between Iuka and Decatur. See my letter of July 1. Have you received that letter and the one sent last night be messenger? Answer.

JAMES B. FRY.

JULY 12, 1862.

Colonel FRY,

Chief of Staff, Huntsville, Ala.:

We have had stormy times the last two days. Morgan has made another raid into Kentucky. I heard of his movement and his direction in time to get the Eleventh Michigan to Bowling Green and save

