
that brigade. Foiled in that, Morgan tried to get at Green River Bridge, but the Eleventh Michigan and troops from Louisville were again on hand in time to save the bridge. Morgan then turned off toward Lebanon, Bardstown, and Lexington. I am just informed that a portion of his command (about 400) was attacked at 11 o'clock last night and routed near Lebanon. Also that Colonel Sixtieth Indiana cut 500 of them to pieces yesterday above Burkesville.

Boyle telegraphs that he has ordered an attack with 1,600 men, without giving where the attack is to be made or when; they must shortly be driven out of Kentucky, and I hope we will catch a good many of them. The Eleventh Michigan and other troops are close in rear of Morgan. The Seventy-fourth Ohio (five companies) and some cavalry and a piece of artillery are at Scottsville to prevent retreat in that direction.

I am just starting Gillem with his regiment to Lebanon, where he will meet four companies Seventy-fourth Ohio, four companies cavalry, and he hopes to cut off al chance of their escape.

I do not usually believe startling information, but I am convinced that I am reliably informed that a heavy movement is taking place upon Murfreesborough via McMinnville from Chattanooga. Over 2,000 cavalry under General Forrest had already crossed the river at Chattanooga when my informant left to-day week. Herry Heth is in command there, has over 5,000 cavalry, and you can judge whether he will not attempt a movement. My informant estimates from 15,000 to 20,000 troops at Chattanooga and arriving constantly by rail from the south.

You must designate some one to take my place here soon. I have suffered long enough.

OLIVER G. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, July 12, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

The Nashville road will be finished to-day. A bridge over Widow's Creek, on Bridgeport road, 4 miles east from this place, will be completed to-day.

I have sent a company to guard it.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

CROTON'S CREEK, July 12, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

No force here but my regiment. On receipt of your communication I sent 125 men to Winchester under Major Stafford. A man who left Tracy City night before last reports the enemy to have been for a week crossing at Chattanooga on rafts and design to come to this point; he puts his numbers at 15,000 - probably too high. The man is vouched for by several refugees from East Tennessee, who are in my camp and have letters from Governor Johnson and Colonel Stokes. From various sources I learn that the road through from the river by Tracy to this place is a good one, between 40 and 50 miles long, commencing 5 miles south. The other brigades were distributed along the road to Stevenson; the regulars at the town. Bridge here done; at Elkhorn will be done to-night.

ED. A. PARROT,

Colonel.

