
NASHVILLE, July 12, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Some time since I gave permission to the family of A. S. Thurnreck to occupy the house owned by Colonel Heiman, of the rebel army. Captain Greene, of your staff, issued an order to the provost-marshal, Colonel Matthews, to put the family out. I notified Colonel Matthews that the house was so occupied by my authority, and Matthews took no further action. Colonel Campbell, of Sixty-ninth Ohio, was appointed provost-marshal and received the same order, but he refused to comply with it, upon my notifying him that the premises were in my possession as Military Governor of Tennessee, and that I had a right to hold the same. Colonel Campbell was put under arrest by Captain Greene and lieutenant-colonel of Sixty-ninth made provost-marshal.

Captain Greene issues the same order to him, and, notwithstanding my earnest protestation against any interference in a matter belonging exclusively, as I conceived, to the Military Governor, the order was executed. These orders purported to be your commands. I cannot believe it possible that such is the case. I desire to know from you if you gave orders to the provost-marshal to take out of my possession property I took charge of as Military Governor. If not, I respectfully ask that the provost-marshal be directed to put me in possession of said premises again. Please give an early reply. I will add that these premises were not needed by Captain Greene for any public use.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 12, 1862.

Captain GREENE, Nashville, Tenn.:

The President having been informed that you have put under arrest Colonel Lewis D. Campbell, who was acting under authority of Governor Andrew Johnson as provost-marshal, he directs that Colonel Campbell be immediately discharged from arrest. He also orders that hereafter you abstain from interfering with or resisting any order of Governor Johnson or with any officer acting under his authority. The President also directs that without delay you turn over your command to the office next in rank, and leave the city of Nashville and report yourself in person to General Buell.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 12, 1862.

Gov. ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

The President authorizes you to appoint a provost-marshal to exercise the jurisdiction and authority of that office under you within the city of Nashville. He has ordered Colonel Campbell to be released from arrest and that Captain Green turn over his command to the officer next in rank without delay, and leave the city of Nashville and report himself in person to General Buell. The President hopes this will be satisfactory to you and that you will use efforts to prevent any disputes or collision of authority between your subordinates and those of General Buell.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

