
enemy's forces are reported to be cavalry only and 3,000 to 4,000 strong, but he has taken Hawett's battery.

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 13, 1862.

Colonel MILLER, Nashville:

Re-enforcements are moving forward and will, I hope, reach Nashville early to-morrow. Be vigilant, select your ground, and have every man you can find under arms. Don't be surprised night or day. Look well to the bridge. See if Mr. Anderson has cars at Reynolds' Station for four regiments, as I directed; if not, let him start them at once. Has the enemy infantry and artillery? What is his force?

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 13, 1862.

General NELSON, Athens:

Order the Third Kentucky Cavalry and one section of artillery from the artillery reserve to move by forced marches to Fayetteville, thence to Shelbyville, to form a junction with the troops at Wartrace or at Tullahoma, and to act, according to circumstances, in attacking the enemy, who appeared this morning at Murfreesborough, or in cutting off his retreat. They must be vigilant on the march, and should take three days' rations at least and buy forage on the route. Move one of your brigades of infantry by forced march to Reynolds' Station, and there if possible take the cars and move toward Nashville to any point which may be threatened. If the railroad fails you must march of course. Take with this brigade four pieces of artillery from the artillery reserve. Move forward the most advanced regiment you now have working on the road by forced marches to Reynolds' Station and replace it on the road by another regiment moved forward by forced march from your camp. You are to go up in person with the brigade, and you will take command of any troops you find on the route and use them in the maner best calculated to drive back the enemy or cut off his retreat. You will understand that the preservation of the road is a matter of vital importance. It is reported that about 2,500 rebel cavalry surprised our troops at Murfreesborough this morning and defeated them. The wire is cut and we hear nothing from them except by messengers to Nashville. It is supposed the rebels will either move on Nashville or Franklin.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 13, 1862.

General NELSON, or,

Officer Commanding Fourth Division, Athens:

The trains carrying supplies from Reynolds' Station to Athens must be guarded to and from by sufficient escort of infantry from your command,

