
is left of his army two-thirds is now scattered along the road to Columbus for 60 miles in no condition for service anywhere.

Beauregard may possibly have 35,000 reliable troops, though I consider that a large estimate, but they are fully occupied in securing his side that a large estimate, but they are fully occupied in securing his side that a large estimate, but they are fully occupied in securing his rear, protecting the artillery and supplies, and preventing the entire dispersion of the remainder. Without abandoning everything they have except their arms no considerable portion of them can now be transferred elsewhere. Such at least is my opinion from all the information I can obtain.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All reports of deserters and spies from Okolona oppose the supposition that Beauregard or any considerable part of his force has gone to Richmond. A farmer positively asserts that he saw Beauregard and conversed with him on Saturday last. It is also said that a part of his forces have crossed the Mississippi River at Helena to operate against Curtis in Arkansas. All represent his army as dissatisfied, mutinous, and deserting. Regiments which refused to serve longer, as their time of enlistment had expired, have been disarmed and large numbers shot. It is now abundantly proved that he did not commence the evacuation of Corinth till we got into position to breach his works and shell the place. His me expected to fight till the last moment. The immediate destruction of valuable stores proves that his retreat was a hurried one. Half-burned locomotives and cars are found at places where they would not have been left if he had previously contemplated a retreat. He has stripped the whole country south of here of food, and many of the inhabitants are in a starving condition.

The advance of the column moving to Memphis will reach Grand Junction to-day. If the combined fleets of Farragut and Davis fail to take Vicksburg I will send an expedition for that purpose as soon as I can re-enforce General Curtis. General Buell's column is moving toward Chattanooga, and his advance will probably reach Decatur to-morrow night. If the enemy should have evacuated East Tennessee and Cumberland Gap, as reported, Buell will probably move on Atlanta. It will probably take some time to clean out the guerrilla parties in West Tennessee and North Mississippi, and I shall probably be obliged to use hemp pretty freely for that purpose. They are already giving much annoyance in burning bridges, and cotton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

All the cavalry not belonging to General Pope's army have already been ordered back to their proper divisions. I do not see that by detaching trains to place your extra stores in depot here your expedition will be delayed. You have double the transportation for the same force of either army corps. By turning in a portion of it to Major Cross for temporary use to establish a depot here, as directed in Field

