
and cut to pieces. I have telegraphed General Negley. Starnes will likely go toward Franklin, but may come here. We will be ready for them. I have sent cavalry in the direction of Murfreesborough.

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

*HEADQUARTERS, Nashville, July 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

Train from Murfreesborough with Colonel Anderson just arrived. Colonel Lester at 3 o'clock p.m. still held his position, with slight loss. Hawett's battery doing well. Lester was confident that he could hold out until re-enforced. The Ninth Michigan, Colonel Duffield, and General Crittenden reported captured. The railroad was clear. I send by train Colonel Gillem, First Tennessee, three companies Fifth [Fiftieth?] Indiana, two companies Sixty-ninth Ohio, and one section Bush's battery. They will go carefully and I think reach Lester in time. Please reply.

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Tuscumbia, Ala.,July 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

I have heard from the direction of La Grange this morning the confirmation of your dispatch that Van Dorn was approaching the railroad. I have scouts out who will report all his movements. Have also warned Colonel Shepherd.

A man of the Sixty-third Ohio, Colonel Gilbert's[?], has just reached here from Chattanooga, from whence he escaped last Friday week. He reports the enemy at Chattanooga 30,000 strong, and that they are fortifying; was told that Van Dorn was in command; says they had much sickness, that they are not very well supplied with provisions, that many are barefooted or nearly so, and that they are armed indifferently generally. Some regiments have good muskets. The thinks there is a good deal of dissatisfaction among the troops, and desertions continue from the Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee regiments.

GEO. G. THOMAS.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Tuscumbia, Ala., July 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff, Huntsville, Ala.:

Dispatch of yesterday received. Would have had the trestle 9 miles this side of Decatur guarded had I known it was there. General Buell's order designated the bridges and points to be guarded and I placed an additional company at each one. Trestle at Town Creek was reported to me after I had sent up guards to the other points, so I sent a force to guard that also, and by so doing have saved it. Have sent for timber, &amp;c., and expect to repair the burnt trestle in four days. Then

---------------

*Should precede Miller to Fry, p.138.

---------------

