
if I can get a serviceable engine can send forage and stores; will also put a guard train on the road. Have not received your letter of July 1.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, July 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Of Morgan's expedition into Kentucky we learn the burning of Lebanon and robbing of bank there and that he is marching and near Lexington. The people join him on the road. Starnes with his division of the expedition attacked Murfreesborough, Tenn., this morning in force. Latest reports considered reliable are that Ninth Michigan Regiment, stationed there, is captured, and the Third Minnesota Regiment was still engaging the enemy there. Two regiments were all the force at that place. It is reported that Starnes will reach here to-night or in the morning. I do not believe it. There is comparatively no force at this place at this time and no hope for re-enforcements; in the event the attack is made we will give them as warm a reception as we will give them as warm a reception as we know how, and if forced to yield will leave them a site on which there can be erected at some future day

-----

.

I shall see you in person in a few days. General Boyle telegraphers last night that the raid in Kentucky was of alarming magnitude.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 13, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Everything shows that the enemy expects to be driven from East Tennessee. He destroys crops of all kinds. It is his military policy to devastate the country, as it is ours to preserve and encourage production. This requires a firm and steady hand. Our service suffers for want of cavalry at Jonesville. A band of mounted marauders are congregated, who commit under and robbery with impunity. I have ordered them to be surrounded and destroyed,and to do that I have been compelled to send a regiment of infantry on a four-nights' circuitous march over the mountain ridges to obtain a distance which a thousand cavalry could make in one night. I am not sanguine of the success of the expedition. A similar one we have sent in a manner to try to capture 300 of the enemy's cavalry at Wallace's Cross-Roads, near Clinton. Both parties should reach their destination before daylight to-morrow morning.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 13, 1862.

(Via Philadelphia, July 15.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

There should be stationed at this post, as a portion of a permanent garrison, one regiment of artillery, If composed of recruits they should be sent forward at once, so that they my become skilled in the use of the guns before my column advances. I need five additional field batteries for my division. I have but three.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

