
WASHINGTON, July 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am very anxious to have you here. Having due regard to what you leave behind, when can you reach here?

A. LINCOLN.

HUNTSVILLE, July 14, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have no news of the movements of the main body of the enemy; his scouts have been seen at points on the Decatur road, and there is where I most fear him, though I must expect he will sweep down the Stevenson road. We are moving briskly to counteract all movements, but our lines are long, our railroads broken, the weather killing to men marching,and our supplies limited and now uncertain. I do not line to add to your perplexities, but the movement inaugurated in Kentucky and Tennessee makes it pretty clear that for effective operations a larger force will be required here, and I shall be glad if Thomas' division could come at once. I shall be obliged to withdraw two more division from the main object to guard the recurrence of such raids as are now going on these two States. I had prepared a force to occupy McMinnville when affairs in Kentucky compelled me to take a portion of it from Murfreesborough.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 14, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

Do all in your power to put down the Morgan raid even if the Chattanooga expedition should be delayed. I hope to be soon able to push forward General Thomas to your assistance. General Curtis has reached Helena and calls for re-enforcements, but how many in addition to those previously sent I am not yet informed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 14, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have the following dispatch from Governor Johnson. Reports of a similar character, though not of as large numbers, have been coming in for some days:

JULY 14, 1862.

We have the following facts from persons who are considered reliable, that Generals Polk, Cheatham, and Hardee crossed the Tennessee River at Chattanooga on the 4th instant with their division, in all about 45,000 men. One of the persons allude to having crossed before. I have deemed this statement worthy of being submitted to you.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

D. C. BUELL.

