
for six days. We will starve at this rate. If they can't go by cars send them by water and send abundantly. Don't shave so close.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 14, 1862.

General THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

If possible send rations to Decatur. Our troops are on half rations. Our forces at Murfreesborough surrendered to the enemy's cavalry at 4 p.m. yesterday and this breaks the line we had just completed.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, July 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I cannot give a full explanation of the circumstances connected with the house without again laying myself open to censure. I can only say that my course was dictated by a telegraphic dispatch from the commanding general with reference to officers living with their men in camp. If an officer were sent here to investigate I am sure it would be found that my course was intended for the interests of the service, and instead of deserving reprimand it would be found I was earnestly working to correct a serious abuse. I send herewith the instructions to the board of claims:

NASHVILLE, March 19.

The power to declare the confiscation of private property rests with the civil tribunals under the laws of Congress. The duty of the board of officers organized to investigate the claims of individuals to property seized by military authority is confined to question of fact; that is, whether the property so claimed was the property of the rebel Government as the time of seizure, and as such liable to military seizure. All transfers of property in and about this city after its evacuation by the rebel army was commenced, that is, after the 15th of last mouth, will be regarded as fraudulent and designed to avoid captured, and the property will be treated a legitimate prize under the laws of war as though such transfer had not been made. This decision will govern the board in its future proceedings and also in a revision of the proceedings in some cases already reported on.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Captain.

STEVENSON, July 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

The following is the substance of a dispatch from General Crittenden:

BATTLE CREEK, July 14-3 p.m.

I arrived here at 9 a.m. to-day. Have received your dispatch in regard to half rations. Will comply at once. I have strong position, which I can hold against superior numbers. It is said there are four regiments of rebels on opposite side of the river; their pickets are visible. Hear of no enemy on this side. Do not believe there is a large force on either side of the river or in Chattanooga either.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

