
NASHVILLE, July 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have no positive information that the enemy have left Murfreesborough. Several soldiers have arrived from there who escaped last night; they saw nothing of the enemy to-day. Captain Chilson left a point 14 miles this side Murfreesborough at 10 a.m. to-day (La Vergne), and saw nothing of the enemy; reports from citizens that the enemy came to La Vergne to-day. My scouts have been out all day and have not returned. Patrols who have been out 10 and 12 miles neither saw nor heard of the enemy. Citizens report 200 cavalry 16 miles from here on Nolensville pike. I have scouts out in every directions to find position of enemy if possible. All quiet. I am prepared.

JNO. F. MILLER.

ATHENS, July 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have received dispatch from Pulaski that large cavalry force is threatening that place. My only field officer is sick in bed, and if it would not be entirely improper I would ask leave of absence from my duties here long enough to go to Pulaski and make the fight with my regiment.

M. MUNDY.

TANTALON, July 14, 1862-9 o'clock.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

A letter from the colonel of the Eighth Kentucky from Tullahoma states that the enemy, some 3,000 or 4,000 strong, under Morgan, Starnes, and Forest, attacked our force at Murfreesborough, and have killed and captured six companies of the Ninth Michigan. The Third Minnesota and Hawett's battery, stationed 1 1/2 miles west of town, had repulsed them three times up to 11 a.m. yesterday. There are at Tullahoma Twenty-first Kentucky Regiment, eight companies of the Eighth Kentucky, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, four companies of Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, and one section of artillery; total effective force about 1,400 men. I have with me about 1,200 men fit for duty. All thee troops, together with the Eighteenth Ohio and five companies of the Twenty-fourth Illinois, marching to Cowan, can be concentrated at Tullahoma to-night if the detachment on the march to Cowan gets there all right. I am leaving the Louisville Legion on the railroad as it is now stationed, and shall do so for a couple of days unless otherwise ordered. Have you any special orders?

W. S. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

TANTALON, July 14, 1862-12 o'clock.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch received. We have trouble getting over the steep mountain grade; hope to pass it in an hour. Will return the train as directed. Some of my troops have but two days' rations. My only fear

