HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 15, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

Captain Macfeely reports that he has no provision s in Nashville and has received none for six days, and that the railroad from Louisville has been occupied in carrying forage and private freight. The general is discouraged at having to urge this matter. The army will starve unless there is more activity and success in throwing forward supplies.

JAMES B. FRY.

LOUISVILLE, July 15, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The road has been wholly occupied by General Boyle for the movement of troops. Two collisions last week crippled four locomotives. The road is exclusively used for military purposes, and trains commenced going through every morning. I am sending supplies water as fast as possible.

T. SWORDS.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 15, 1862.

Captain MACFEELY, Nashville:

You are wrong about the order to send 100,000 rations to Elk River being dated the 11th. The original dispatch and copy are both on file and were dated and sent on the 9th, and that dispatch directed you to send rations to Elk River before sending them to Murfreesborough for the very purpose of anticipating the present trouble. From the 9th until the 13th you had plenty of time to put the rations there, and the cars were running to Elk River. As far back as June 2 you were warned to be ready, and on June 10 orderd were telegraphed to Captain Greene to have your push forward supplies. It is hard to understand how, knowing our wants, you could be now without rations in Nashville and six days without receiving any. The responsibility is thrust about and we do not get supplies. Try and improve the state of things even of you have to travel so far into the quartermaster's department as to see that your supplies are moved more promptly. Where are your supplies and what amount have you in Louisville?

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding Third Division:

It appears that property of various kinds has been taken from the inhabitants of this part of the country by our troops. In some cases payment has been made, in others receipts given, and in others neither payments have been made nor receipts given. Some of this property has been taken for the use of the troops and receipted for by proper officers, acting under competent authority, and as being necessary for the army; some has been taken by officers and receipted for when not

