
enemy. They are impregnable against infantry, require few men for their defense, and serve as comfortable quarters for the garrison. Where necessary, earthworks for infantry defense will be thrown up of as strong profile as possible.

The country is very much covered with heavy timber, and until that is removed to a considerable extent but little can be done in the way of erection of works of defense.

I shall in another communication make a requisition, as my instructions require me to do, for ordnance and ordnance stores.

As soon as practicable I shall send a sketch of this position, and will then be able to explain in more detail the plan of defense I propose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. CRAIGHILL,

First Lieutenant of Engineers.

P. S. - Communications for me may in future be addressed to Cumberland Gap, Tenn., via Lexington, Ky.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 15, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Halleck:

CORINTH, July 15.

General Buell has sent large detachments against Morgan and Starnes, but he wants more cavalry, which we have not got. Cannot cavalry be raised in Tennessee for home purposes, as was done in Missouri, under the authority of the President?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Cannot I be authorized to do so? The work will be commenced at once. Your other dispatches in regard to affairs here have been received. I thank you and the Secretary of War for them.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

WASHINGTON, July 16, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville:

You are authorized to raise any amount of cavalry in your State that may be required for the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HUNTSVILLE, July 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am sorry you are going. I don's know what you can do for us, except to represent the importance of matters out here and urge an increase of our cavalry force. It will be very slow and difficult for Thomas to cross at Decatur; the landings are bad and the boat can only carry five wagons at a load. He can cross much more rapidly at Florence, and is also in better position for possible contingencies in the direction of Nashville. Will there be no communication or no troops between and Memphis?

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

