
engines at Louisville sent to Columbus we cannot spare this stock. What answer shall I give?

Will an organization be wanted to operate the Mobile and Ohio and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad? Can I assist in getting it up?

J. B. ANDERSON.

How shall I answer?

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I shall leave here for Florence to-morrow morning. McCook and Crittenden will commence crossing at Florence Monday, and will I hope, get over in three days. I expect Nelson to complete the bridges at Bear Creek and Buzzard Roost so as to move forward Monday and be at Decatur by the following Saturday. i expect Wood to be at Decatur and the road in order by Monday week. I hope you will let Thomas march next Tuesday at furthest. You did not say whether you wanted Mr. Anderson to organize a force to run the Memphis and Charleston road.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, June 12, 1862.

General BUELL:

I cannot yet say whether I shall want Mr. Anderson to organize any force for this road, but will telegraph to him if I should. I hope to be able to relieve Thomas as soon as Ord arrives.

I think the paroled prisoners at Nashville had better be mustered out of service, and if the Secretary of War consents I will order it.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

It will not be possible to say to Mr. Anderson how many of the cars and engines at Louisville will be wanted here till we ascertain how many we can get from other a sources. It may be that the road from here to Memphis cannot be repaired for several weeks or perhaps months. General Mitchel telegraphs that road from Louisville to Stevenson can be repaired sooner than that from Columbia to Decatur. He says reliable information has been received that Smith has 10,000 men in Chattanooga and is receiving re-enforcements. McClellan telegraphs that it is reported that Beauregard and a part of his army from Corinth have reached Richmond, and asks the Secretary of War to re-enforce him by a part of the army here. Curtis telegraphs that the enemy has been greatly re-enforced in Arkansas; that a part of Beauregard's army from Corinth has been landed at Helena and is marching on Little Rock. All their reports are true, and which are we to believe?

H. W. HALLECK.

HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

The Chattanooga road is of the most importance now, because it can

