
CORINTH, MISS., July 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

You will of course direct General Thomas to cross at Florence if you deem it best. There will be troops at Bolivar, on Hatchie River, and perhaps at Grand Junction, but we shall not attempt to keep open the direct road. We have daily communication with Memphis by Columbus and may re-establish the line from Memphis to Humboldt. I will do all I can about cavalry. In all matters of co-operation consult General Grant, who will command the forces here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

Colonel Steedman, whom I sent out some days since toward Courtland and Moulton, captured a rebel army mail-carrier with a package of letters. He also arrested the man at whose house the mail-carrier was found. This man is also implicated by the letters captured. Should they be tried as spied or as aiders and abetters of the rebellion?

Hope you will not be ordered away from us. Will consult with General Grant immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CORINTH, July 16, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

Notify General Grant at this place in due time about when you will be ready to move, so that he can have another division in your place. I leave for Saint Louis to-morrow morning, and shall proceed from there to Washington. General Grant will have command of all the forces in West Tennessee and Mississippi, and you will consult with him in case you require his co-operation in any matter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

For the information of the division commander who relieves me my troops are posted as follows: One regiment and a battery at Iuka; one company at Eastport; three companies at Bear Creek Bridge; two companies at Buzzard Roost Bridge; two companies at Cherokee; two companies at Cane Creek; one company at Little Bear Creek Bridge; one company at South Florence; two companies at Town Creek Bridge; two companies at Courtland; two companies at trestle 3 miles east of Courtland; tow companies at Fox Creek; one company at Trinity to guard water-tanks, and two companies at Decatur.

The cavalry is posted as follows: Two companies at Iuka; a platoon at Bear Creek Bridge; a platoon at Buzzard Roost Bridge; a platoon

