HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Battle Creek, July 16, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

GENERAL: Since my dispatch of this morning none of my agents have returned, but I have information from several sources that the rebels have been for several days and are yet crossing at Chattanooga and crossing the mountains in large numbers. Four thousand crossed in a day, it is said, and they are crossing by thousands is the report. It is also reported that they are coming here to fight, which makes me think they are not. But I am endeavoring to be ready.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

Colonel J. F. MILLER, Nashville:

Report as soon as possible what damage the railroad has sustained from the affair at Murfreesborough. Get the names of soldiers from Murfreesborough who come in on parole and hold the men.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

Captain MORTON,

Cowan, Stevenson, or Tullahoma:

The general assumes that the position for stockades and preliminaries for their erection must be determined by this time and that they will at farthest be erected by to-morrow night. Locomotive and the engineers would therefore be of little use, even if they could be spared. In regard to the cordage for pontoon you must make your bills and send them. You cannot be spared to go to Nashville.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

TULLAHOMA, July 16, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

A young man who deserted from the rebel forces at Corinth and has been at his home sick 6 miles north of this point has just come in, and gives information that two of Price's Indians have been seen in his neighborhood, and that a rebel division os on its way via Altamont to Murfreesborough and Nashville. I am just sending a strong reconnoitering party of cavalry toward Murfreesborough to ascertain what is going on in that neighborhood. I will report upon its return. Various rumors reach me of the movements of large rebel forces through the mountains toward Nashville, but I find it impossible to get any reliable information on this subject. If I can satisfy myself that the movement on Murfreesborough is a mere raid I will throw my force to their rear and cut them off if possible. Pending such information I will hold my forces all in hand.

W. S. SMITH.

