HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

Captain SYMONDS,

Commissary of Subsistence, Louisville:

What do you mean by not seeing your way clear if we use hard bread and salt meat? Can't you get these or can't you ship them? I see no difficulty in either case. We only eat about 75 tons a day. The railroad can send for Government 300 tons a day if it is properly presented. It would doubtless relieve your department very much if we furnish our own four and did not use salt meat; but the commissary department cannot be relieved from furnishing bread and meat. The country here cannot supply the flour, nor is there any necessity for our depending on the country if it could. The railroad from Louisville, the Cumberland River, and Green River to Bowling Green are all open to us, and if we don't get supplies it can only be our own fault. Three should be twenty days' supply ahead in Nashville, whereas there are none there and have been none for six or seven days.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

General T. J. WOOD, Shelbyville:

(Telegraph as far up Chattanooga road as possible; to be forwarded by any commanding officer with a party of cavalry.)

Your letter received. It will be best for your to halt at Shelbyville and close up and wait further instructions. Throw two regiments of infantry, two-thirds of your cavalry, and a battery forward to Wartrace, and reconnoiter the roads toward Murfreesborough and McMinnville. It is reported that the enemy left Murfreesborough on the morning of the 14th and the main body of them took the road toward McMinnville. They may or may not have gone there. The rations which were to have joined you on the night of the 14th did not leave here until daylight of the 15th, and it is hoped they have reached you, though your messengers did not meet them. The 25,000 rations left Reynolds' Station at 3 p.m. on the 14th for Fayetteville under escort of two companies of cavalry. Supplies will be sent you for present use by rail via Stevenson, but it is hoped you will soon get in communication with Nashville. General W. S. Smith had a force at Tullahoma and is ordered to communicate with you and to put a guard at Duck River Bridge. We must protect all the road we can. Captain Gamage, your commissary, did not go out with the provisions on the morning of the 14th, having an abscess or something of the kind. He is ordered to take cars to-morrow via Stevenson and join you.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

Captain W. F. HARRIS, Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: I inclose herewith an order assigning you to duty as transportation quartermaster at Louisville. The general directs that you proceed at once to that point and assume the duties assigned to you. Your

