
unremitting attention must be given to pushing supplies forward to Nashville, and to effect this you must systematize the Government business which is to be transacted by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. The Government stores to be transported by it must be presented in regular quantities daily, or else, if deemed a better arrangement, a number of days in the week must be designated for carrying Government freight, and the road must be prepared to haul the specified amounts on those days. The former arrangement is thought to be the best. You must give your personal attention to seeing that the commissary and quartermaster's stores are at the railroad depot ready for transportation in proper quantities and at proper times. You will learn from the officers of these different departments the number of tons required daily and act accordingly. In addition to the railroad depot ready for transportation in proper quantities and at proper times. You will learn from the officers of these different departments the number of tons required daily and act accordingly. In addition to the railroad it is expected that you will use the Cumberland River as a means of sending supplies by water to Bowling Green and thence by railroad to Nashville. For this you must be prepared beforehand. You will make reports daily by telegraph to these headquarters of the amount of stores of each kind shipped by you. The general trusts that it will not be necessary to urge upon you the necessity for prompt and energetic execution of the duty assigned you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, July 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding Third Division:

General Buell directs me to inclose a poster or handbill in relation to claims.* The general directs that these handbills be called in and destroyed as soon as possible, as he think it will not only bring about more business than you can possibly attend to, but will raise hopes among the people which cannot be gratified. It will be sufficient to decide the cases which are brought up, and in these it will not only be necessary to have proof that property was used by the Government, but must be shown by officers that it was necessary and was properly used.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(See instructions of July 15.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

Mr. F. P. WARD, Huntsville, Ala.:

In reply to your letter of the 12th instant, asking permission for your relative, J. I. Ward, to return to Huntsville, I am directed to say that his efforts to raise troops for the Confederate service and his absenting himself on the approach of our forces are regarded as indicating that

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

