
he is acting in a manner hostile to the Government. Until he can fully recognize his obligations to the Government it would be better he should not return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 104. Huntsville, Ala., July 16, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

IV. Lieutenant-Colonel Van Horn, Twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, is detailed to superintend and direct the erection of stockades for the defense of the bridges and other important railroad points under charge of the different detachments of the regiment to which he belongs.

Colonel Van Horn will conduct the work in compliance with the direction of the general commanding, as may be communicated by Captain J. St. C. Morton, United States Engineers, of the staff of the general commanding.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 16, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Gap:

Your telegram of 14th received. It is hoped and expected that you will be able at least to convoy your trains, and you should try and strengthen your position sufficiently to spare some troops to guard your line. Your division does not depend on the Louisville and Nashville road. Your suggestion, however, that two regiments of cavalry be put upon it was a sound one and would have been anticipated if the cavalry had not been wanting. That road is still safe. Your recommendation that a like force be put on your suggestion, however, that two regiments of cavalry be put upon it was a sound one and would have been anticipated if the cavalry had not been wanting. that road is still safe. Your recommendation that a like force be put on your line of communications would also have been complied with, and perhaps more promptly than in case of Louisville road, had it not been for want of force to do so - a difficulty which still exists. A force of rebel cavalry on Sunday attacked Murfreesborough, and at 4 p.m. our troops - near two regiments of infantry, a battery of artillery, and perhaps some cavalry - surrendered, and according to reports have been marched toward McMinnville; Starnes, of Tennessee, in command of rebels.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 162. Corinth, Miss., July 16, 1862.

The major-general commanding the department, in giving up the immediate command of the troops now in the field and heretofore constituting the Armies of the Ohio, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Southwest,

