
desires to express to them his appreciation of the endurance, bravery, and soldierly conduct which they have exhibited on all occasions during the present campaign; as separate corps won the memorable victories of Milford, Mill Springs, Pea Ridge, Fort Donelson, New Madrid, and Island No. 10, and when partially united they defeated the enemy in the bloody battle of Pittsburg, and drove him from his intrenchments at Corinth. In the latter of these operations and in the labor of repairing railroads which the enemy had destroyed the commanding general bears personal testimony of the good conduct of the troops and the cheerfulness and alacrity with which they endured the fatigues and hardships necessary to secure the great object of the campaign.

The soldiers of the West have nobly done their duty and proved themselves equal to any emergency.

The general commanding desires to express to commanders of army corps and their subordinate officers his warmest thanks for their cordial co-operation on all occasions.

Soldiers! you have accomplished much toward crushing out this wicked rebellion, and if you continue to exhibit the same vigilance, courage, and perseverance it is believed that, under the providence of God, you will soon bring the war to a close and be able to return in peace to your families and homes.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General CRITTENDEN, Battle Creek:

Does your information state that infantry and artillery are crossing the river and the mountain from Chattanooga or only cavalry?

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Battle Creek, July 17, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

GENERAL: My information was that infantry were crossing. The information came from several sources, but I have heard nothing side to confirm it. I look for a man to-day who I trust will bring certain intelligence.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General CRITTENDEN, Battle Creek:

I have some apprehension, form the rumors of the movements of the enemy up the river and on the other side. Push your reconnaissances constantly as far as and even beyond Jasper and be always on the alert. McCood will me up to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL.

