
BATTLE CREEK, July 17, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

Your communication as to pushing my reconnaissances received and will receive prompt attention.

T. L. CRITTENDEN.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General McCOOK, Stevenson:

Move your two brigades forward to Battle Creek to-morrow. Leave one regiment at the depot until Wood's regiment comes up, which will probably be to-morrow. As soon as you arrive make a reconnaissance with a view to taking a position at Jasper. It is not unreasonable that the enemy may design to attack at that point if he has the requisite force, and the current rumors of his crossing above make it not even improbable.

The railroad on the other side would afford him a line of supplies. Study your ground with that view.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General NELSON, Reynolds' Station:

Put your command in the cars as soon as possible and proceed to Murfreesborough unless the movements of the enemy should make it necessary to act otherwise. Take only one battery through with you, leave the other at Columbia, unless you deem it necessary to put one section of it at Franklin. It is understood that the enemy has left Murfreesborough and gone toward McMinnville. He has doubtless destroyed the road to some extent. It must be repaired immediately.

Wood will be at Shelbyville early to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General NELSON,

Nashville of Murfreesborough:

Reports are coming in frequently of a formidable advance of the enemy across the mountains from Chattanooga. they seem to have foundation. I do not believe, however, that Nashville is the immediate object. It is more probable that a strong movement will be made on our communications and rear by way of Winchester while a formidable attack is made in front at Battle Creek. I deem it necessary to make immediate arrangements mainly with that view. Wood, now at Shelbyville, is ordered to march for Winchester to-morrow. If anything should come toward Nashville you must be prepared for it. If not, and the danger should come this way, I shall want you personally here. In the mean time make the best possible disposition of the brigade with you to meet the enemy at Murfreesborough. Colonel Miles [?], who was captured there, has come in at Tullahoma. The enemy retired to McMinnville, where they are reported to have a force of 3,000 cavalry. A still

