
stronger force of cavalry and infantry is said to be at Altamont under Price. Our line is about as difficult to guard as it could be. I shall occupy McMinnville as soon as possible.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, July 17, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

All of our men have been 7 miles beyond McMinnville, and have arrived at Murfreesborough tired, hungry, and sick. The enemy have gone to Chattanooga. i have a letter form Captain Essington, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, now at Murfreesborough, who is paroled and places in charge of the prisoners by General Crittenden.

The condition of affairs in Kentucky is very bad. I ask permission to march immediately to the relief of the State. Wood can send up to Murfreesborough when there is none of the enemy there.

W. NELSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General NELSON, Nashville:

Neither you nor your division can be spared now. When will you be at Murfreesborough? I am anxious to hear from your there, my present expectation being to push you forward immediately with a considerable force to McMinnvile.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, July 17, 18621.

Major-General BUELL:

In case the enemy go into Kentucky what are your orders?

W. NELSON.

TULLAHOMA, July 17, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Colonel Miles [?], of the Third Minnesota, returned from the rebel between Woodbury and McMinnville, just arrived here; reports the force that entered Murfreesborough from 2,500 to 3,500 strong, consisting of the First and Second Georgia Cavalry and many armed citizens. the force was at McMinnville with prisoners yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. I withdrew the Wartrace force by authority communicated in General Buell's dispatch of the 14th instant and when Colonel Hambright thought his force in danger. I abandoned no bridge between this point and Wartrace. I have a regiment intrenched at Duck River, 7 miles from here. At Tullahoma the three batteries of regulars, three regiments of infantry, a battery, and about 700 cavalry, effective; at Elk River a regiment and a half of infantry and two companies of cavalry; one wing of the Twenty-fourth Illinois on its way by train to same point; also a section of battery. The First Ohio is on its way by train to Cowan, and I have directed Colonel Buckley to place another regiment at the same point. This disposition I make on account of information communicated in full in my telegram to-day. I will push stockades and railroad repairs to Nashville with all diligence.

W. S. SMITH.

