
REYNOLDS' STATION, July 17, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

Part of bridge washed away at Lynnville; have just been there, and will have men at work as soon as water falls sufficiently. If no hard rains, will have it ready for crossing at 2 o'clock to-morrow. No supplies here. If I get bridge done to-morrow will have 200 wagons started day after at daylight. These breaks here are detaining work below, as I have to use the same detachment of Mechanics and Engineers to make the repairs that are at work on bridges between here and Pulaski.

The four companies of infantry here were ordered away by General Nelson, and are now awaiting transportation. I should like to have them remain, as they are much needed here.

EDWARD M. McCOOK.
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, July 17, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your telegram of the 15th just received. The dispatch ordering stores to Elk River was not received by me until the 12th instant. I received dispatch ordering stores to Murfreesborough on the 9th and sent them before receipt of dispatch ordering rations to Elk River. The superintendent of railroad and quartermaster informed me that no cars could or had run to Elk River. If your dispatches imply censure it is unjust and unfounded, of which I hope you will be notified by a full investigation of the facts. The responsibility does not rest here. Everything has been sent forward as fast as received. Captain Symonds informs me he could not get cars and forward stores by such transportation as was furnished by quartermaster's department. There are now three boats loaded with provisions en route from Louisville. Four hundred thousand rations received last night by rail; more than 1,000,000 rations en route by river, which ought to have been sent by rail, and over 2,000,000 for which bids have been accepted in Louisville. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad commenced to bring sutlers' and citizens' freight, while subsistence stores are sent by river. I saw several car loads of private freight in depot to-day.

R. MACFEELY,

Commissary of Subsistence.

COLUMBIA, July 17, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

At 3 a. m. a small party (between 30 and 40) guerrillas attacked, wounded 1 and captured 6 teamsters at the stock pasture fields, 4 miles west. They returned, taking only the arms of the teamsters. at daylight my scouts, 10 in number, who were sent to watch Russell's force at Ashland, Morgan County, were attacked 8 miles west of Mount Pleasant. My informant, who was wounded, left his command fighting, but thought they would be overpowered by superior force of the enemy. Have sent them assistance. Guerrilla parties are increasing rapidly west of this, strongly aided by disloyal citizens. I receive constant intimations of their intention to destroy the railroads and bridges. The small cavalry force here is insufficient to do the required patrolling and efficiently

