
guard bridges and railroads. The four companies Seventy-eight Pennsylvania ordered to Franklin and Columbia are still awaiting transportation at Reynolds'. The empty cars were detained there nearly three days by order of General Nelson, although, in accordance with your order, the companies should have come at once, although I was fully confident that train could arrive one day before General Nelson's arrival. No attention was given to my orders on General Nelson's arrival at Reynolds'. He telegraphed me that he was now placed in command of this line and the troops. In accordance with this order I have promptly complied with all of his instructions, but most respectfully inquire whether it is agreeable to your instructions to divest me of authority while making strenuous efforts to carry out your orders. If it arises from a want of official confidence and trust you will likely advise me of the fact.

JAS. S. NEGLEY.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

The First Wisconsin will not leave Bridgeport at present.

JAMES B. FRY.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 17, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Corinth, Miss.:

I shall be ready to commence moving my division on Monday next. Please start the division to relieve mine on that day. I would suggest that it be posted as follows: One regiment and battery at Iuka; one company at Eastport; three companies at Bear Creek Bridge; two companies at Buzzard Roost Bridge; two companies at Cherokee, two companies at Cane Creek; one company at Little Bear Creek Bridge; one regiment at Courtland; two companies at trestle east of courtland; two companies at Fox Creek trestle; on company at Trinity watertank; two companies at Decatur. The cavalry to be posted as follows: Two companies at Iuka; one platoon at Bear Creek Bridge; one platoon at Buzzard Roost Bridge; one platoon at Cane Creek Bridge; one battalion at Tuscumbia; one platoon at Town Creek Bridge; one battalion at Courtland; one platoon at trestle over Mallory Creek; one company at Decatur.

The remainder of the division should be posted at this place, and if one extra brigade could be spared it would be well to post it at Courtland, with a battery of artillery, in place of the regiment above mentioned, which regiment could then be posted at Decatur.

It is important to send one of your best and largest regiments of cavalry, as the country south of the railroad for 20 miles should be kept thoroughly examined every other day ba cavalry.

I wish you to send an officer of the quartersmaster's department and one of the commissary department to relieve my quartermasters and commissaries at Iuka and Eastport. Please answer if you can commence moving a division on Monday.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

