HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 17, 1862.

General THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

I deem it of very great importance that you should bet across the river at the earliest possible moment. Send one of your brigades forward without delay to cross at Decatur. Cross everything you have at Eastport at once. Endeavor to get your trains across at all points before Grant's troops come up, so that no time may be lost after their arrival.

D. C. BUELL.

TUSCUMBIA, July 17, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The steamer having received some injury I shall not be able to cross the river before Monday next. I propose to cross all my troops at Florence, except the Eighteenth Infantry, Tenth Kentucky, a battery of artillery, and the supply train, all of which are at Eastport and Iuka, and can cross at Eastport more conveniently. a battalion of cavalry at Courtland and three companies of the Thirty-first Ohio at Decatur can cross more conveniently there. General --- will send troops to relieve my division on Monday.

Does General Buell wish the clothing for his corps forwarded or will it be turned over?

GEO. H. THOMAS.

NASHVILLE, July 17, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The house you inquire about belonged to Colonel Heiman, of the rebel army, and was taken possession of by the military authorities for sequestration under act of Congress August 6, 1861. During my absence Governor Johnson ordered the provost-marshal to give the keys to a Major Thurneck, of the First Tennessee Volunteers, then being raised here. On my return, finding that Major Thurneck with his family was living in the house, although his regiment was under canvas, and knowing your orders about officers living with their men, I telegraphed to know if that order was still on force. I found it was, and verbally directed Major Thurneck that he must live with his men. No attention was paid, on the grounds that the regiment was not in the United States service and not liable to United States authorities. Finding that many other officers of the same regiment were making preparations to bring their families to live in houses under the same circumstances, and recognizing the injury to the service which must arise, I directed the provost-marshal to cause the house to be vacated, as also other houses occupied by soldiers and officers who had no authority from there headquarters; the meaning of the order to prevent officers, chaplains, and surgeons here on duty at convalescent barracks and hospitals from occupying houses while their men needed their actual presence. At that time almost every officer and soldier on duty near this city was looking for a house. I need not mention the outrages likely to occur under such a state of affairs. the order was promptly executed by Colonel Matthews, the provost-marshal, in all instances which came under my notice except Major Thurneck and the quartermaster of the same regiment. The latter claimed that he rented his house, although the owner

