
Stevenson. Will occupy Jasper. The road from McMinnville taps the road from Jasper to Chattanooga in the Sequatchie Valley 12 miles from Chattanooga.

The road from Nashville to Stevenson via Huntsville and Columbia cannot be put in order in less than twenty days.

All our forces thrown to nashville and Chattanooga road will open it in ten days in my opinion.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 12, 1862.

General BUELL:

Your confidential dispatch received. anticipating your decision had already ordered the lumber to be sawed for the bridges across Mud and Crow Creeks. All my force will be there to-morrow at work. I have directed Mr. Anderson to remove his force from nashville and Decatur Railroad to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad promptly. General Negley reached Shelbyville this morning from Chattanooga via Manchester. He captured a number of Starnes' cavalry in Hubbard's Cove, and reports Starnes to have retreated toward Pikeville. I deem it necessary to put the troops now with him at Shelbyville on the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, but will not move any of the troops on the river on the Columbia Railroad.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

General McCOOK,Bear Creek Bridge of Iuka:

March for Florence with your division to-morrow morning. you are expected to reach that point on the 14th instant and rest there on the 15th, during which day you will have everything closed up snug for crossing the river on the 16th.

General Crittended follows you, so keep your troops and trains well in hand. Acknowledge receipt. Assist Captain Morton in preparing means to cross. General Buell with be at Bear Creek to-morrow evening.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

BEAR CREEK, June 12, 1862.

Orders to march received. Also order about extra baggage. I will march as ordered. I have now three day's rations. Can I depend on rations at Florence?

McCook,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

General BUELL:

Following received from Huntsville (12th) to General Halleck:

Have made requisition for cavalry horses on Captain Dickerson, Cincinnati. They

