
in this neighborhood and near Shelbyville within ten days if it is desirable. I will have these supplies collected and give certified accounts to those who furnish them.

W. S. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 18, 1862.

General WILLIAM S. SMITH, Tullahoma:

Have you communicated my orders to General Wood? Will he come through Tullahoma? Do not withdraw the guards from the bridges in any case without absolute necessity. The rumors we hear no doubt have some foundation, but doubtless also greatly exaggerate the truth. Information is what we most want now. Use every possible means of obtaining it and report frequently, endeavoring yourself it distinguish between mere rumor and what is reliable or probable.

D. C. BUELL.

TULLAHOMA, July 18, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Troops will be moved as you direct. The wheat mentioned can be converted into flour and that purchased if desirable at mills on Duck River. The break at Murfreesborough is on this side of town, and is but 100 feet in length and about 15 feet in height; can be repaired in two days. Bridge party sent down this morning. Work parties should be furnished from Murfreesborough to assist. Orders to General Wood to march to Winchester were promptly forwarded and I send a guide to conduct him; he will probably march to-night or very early to-morrow morning. Orders for Jackson' cavalry and battery will reach Shelbyville by daybreak to-morrow morning. General Wood was still as Shelbyville this evening.

W. S. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 18, 1862.

General WILLIAM S. SMITH, Tullahoma:

Send the Twenty-third Brigade, under Colonel Matthews, to Murfreesborough without delay, to report to General Nelson. Use the train for that purpose. One of the regiments to march for the protection of the telegraph party and the wagons of the other regiments. Notify the telegraph party. If any of the regiments are guarding bridges replace them by the Eighteenth Ohio and Twenty-fourth Illinois. Collect the supplies as you propose except the wheat, which we don's want. See that there is no abuse. Deposit the principal portion at or near Cowan. Do you know how the break is at or near Murfreesborough? Has not General Wood marched for Winchester agreeably to the orders I sent you? Where is he?

D. C. BUELL.

