SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 106. Huntsville, July 18, 1862.

I. Paragraph VIII of Special Orders, No. 100, July 12, 1862, is rescinded, and the following will be observed, viz: The volunteers form Alabama will be organized into companies, under the direction of Captain H. C. Bankhead, who will enroll and muster them into the United Stated service in accordance with the laws and orders on the subject. Company officers will be selected from among the men and appointed by the general commanding, conditional upon the confirmation of the President of the United States. The provost-marshal in Huntsville will give Captain Bankhead such assistance as the may require in this duty. All Alabama men desiring to enlist and now traveling with any of the regiments of this command will be sent to of left at this place.

* * * * * * * *

VI. Disbursing officer will at once submit to the chief of their respective departments, at their headquarters, a special statement of public money, showing the amount receive, amount disbursed, and amount remaining on hand. The report will state specifically the exact amount of the United States funds and of funds of other kinds received, disbursed, and remaining on had up to date. No other public funds than coin or United States Treasury notes will hereafter be received by disbursing officers without special authority:

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 18, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

On Tuesday noon General Spears, with a party of infantry, attacked 500 of the enemy's cavalry at Wallace's Cross-Roads, near Clinton.* A citizen reports that at 2 p. m. of that day he met about 300 of the enemy flying toward Knoxville in the wildest disorder; some were on horses, but without coats or arms; others were bare-headed and no arms. It was a completed panic, and they had gone at full run for the distance of 9 miles and were still flying.

I expect Spears to return to-day. Colonel Garrard has also returned from his expedition against the miscreants of Humphrey Marshall at Jonesville. The murderer Witcher and the greater portion of his band escaped, but Garrard brought in 20 prisoners and 10 horses.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 19, 1862.

General NELSON, Murfreesborough:

I have just received your dispatch of the 17th asking, "In case the enemy go on into Kentucky what are my orders?" That will not affect at all the orders given last night for you to occupy McMinnville, and which must be executed without delay. Inform me whether you have received them.

D. C. BUELL.

---------------

* See Vol. XVI, Part I, p.812.

---------------

