
NASHVILLE, July 19, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I came up to-night to communicate. The enemy are in the neighborhood of McMinnville, from 2,000 strong to any given amount above that; the line from Lebanon is open to Nashville; part of my force is detained still at Columbia by accident to the Duck River Bridge. I found here your orders to move on McMinnville. The cavalry I found at Nashville, 300 strong, I ordered to march to Lebanon and join me at Murfreesborough, where they arrived at 10 a. m. to-day. I will make them patrol both approaches to Nashville. Some 400 stand of arms taken from our troops were distributed by Forrest to disloyal citizens in and about Murfreesborough. I issued a proclamation threatening abreast of any one found with them in possession. Some 200 were sent in to-day. Your directions as to posting the troops at Murfreesborough will be strictly attended to. You can rely upon my being found at the place ordered and the time ordered on all occasions. Boyle telegraphs me to death. I think he has lost his senses.

W. NELSON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 19, 1862.

JEROME PILLOW, Columbia:

It would give me pleasure to grant your request, but until your brother can himself return to Tennessee under that protection which all loyal citizens of the United States are entitled to you will, I think, agree with me, on reflection, that it is best his immediate family also should not return; I mean those who naturally look to him for protection and with whom he should communicate.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 19, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS,

Deputy Quartermaster-General, Louisville:

The commissary reports that he has been unable to get cars for subsistence stores when they were used for sutlers' goods and private freight. General Buell directs me to say that this can only be the case through neglect in your department, and that it must be corrected.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FROTH DIVISION,Battle Creek, July 19, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The man I sent has just returned from Chattanooga and reports 21,000 men between that place and Bridgeport, many of them conscripts undrilled, McCown in command. They are not crossing the river. They have forty pieces of cannon, one 32-pounder, and have but one battery at Chattanooga. They are feeding stock on green corn

