
and have only three weeks' supplies at Atlanta. My agent is a good Union man and well vouched for. He left Chattanooga night before last.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BATTLE CREEK, July 19, 1862.

General BUELL:

There are 21,000 men between Bridgeport and Chattanooga reported and four pieces of artillery, Major-General McCown (old Army) commanding. General Heth commands a camp about 5 miles across the river. I can hold this place against all that may come. When can I have my other brigades? They are very anxious to join me. All well.

McCOOK,

Major-General.

REYNOLDS' STATION, July 19, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

Conductor just in reports that four bents of bridge at Franklin partly washed away. Have ordered Captain Stevenson at Nashville to send all the train he can send up to river between Franklin and Columbia. Cars can transport from there here and wagons run between Franklin and Columbia until the two bridges are repaired. From what I know, if damage as great as reported, it will take several days to repair. So soon as I can ascertain definitely particulars will telegraph.

I have taken responsibility of requesting Captain Harris to go to Franklin instead of Louisville, as ordered, and superintend transportation. I think the emergency requires the presence of an active man like him, and hope you will approve.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel.

NASHVILLE, July 19, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Paroled men in camp near city, Major Mattson commanding.

General Nelson reports enemy in force near Murfreesborough. Sent order this morning for Sixty-ninth Ohio to join him. Nine companies to at 11 a. m. This leaves us to weak here. The enemy are not obliged to fight at Murfreesborough and can some here without General Nelson knowing it.

JNumbers F. MILLER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 19, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

The First Brigade, General Schoepf, will be able to cross at Decatur by Wednesday evening or Thursday morning. I cannot be down sooner unless the railroad is abandoned entirely.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

