
SHELBYVILLE, July 19 [1862]

(Courier, via Tullahoma.)

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Dispatch ordering me to send the battery with me and Jackson's cavalry to Murfreesborough to report to General Nelson is this moment received, as I was about marching to Winchester under the order received last night. I have ordered the battery to proceed at once to Murfreesborough, and directed Colonel Wagner to send an infantry force across form Wartrace to Murfreesborough turnpike, to escort the battery and put it under care of other troops and then return to Wartrace. I cannot send Jackson's cavalry, as it is not with me. Why it is not is fully explained in two communications. Colonel Wagner with two regiments, a battery, and part of a battalion of cavalry will remain at Wartrace. I am left without a single piece of artillery; not in any goon condition to meet an enemy who may be provided with it. The 7 wagons from Huntsville came up late last Monday night, 15th, and the supplies from Reynolds' Station in the afternoon of the 17th. The later were in a miserable condition; much lost by wasting. Barrels and boxes broken, &amp;c.

TH. J. WOOD.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS, Rienzi:

Telegram received. Have telegraphed Major-General Grant all the points where your troops will be posted. Can give you maps and details here which cannot be telegraphed. Have telegraphed General Grant this morning to send four companies by railroad to relieve the provost guard here.

There is a fine field open here for your disciplined troops and cavalry brigades to operate against roving bands. Russellville and Courtland, probably Courtland, would be the best position for cavalry. Russellville, Frankfort, &c., are important points leading south toward Tupelo, &c.

Send your division with as little delay as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 19, 1862.

Captain E. W. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Detachment Fourth U. S. Cavalry:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you hold two companies of the detachment under your command in readiness to start to-day at 11 a. m. for Woodville, as an escort to a battery of artillery and a wagon train that is about to start for that place. The battery and train are to go on to Stevenson. At Woodville and escort will be furnished from another command, and your companies will return.

The escort from here will take three days' rations and will procure their forage on the way. The officer sent in command will be one of those not detailed for the general court-martial now in session in your

