
commanding, posted at Tuscumbia will, move its train across the Tennessee River at Florence on Wednesday, the 23rd instant, the troops crossing the following day. They will make preparations to march from Florence to Huntsville, Ala., via Athens, with five days' rations for each regiment, two days' cooked and carried in the haversacks.

V. The Tenth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel J. M. Harlan, will cross the Tennessee River at Eastport, Miss., and escort the division train to Florence as soon as possible, where it will join the brigade. At Florence rations will be drawn for five days for the regiment, two days' cooked and carried in haversacks.

VI. The Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel O. L. Shephers commanding, with the detachment of the infantry and cavalry at Bear Creek, together with Captain Bidwell's battery, will cross the Tennessee River at Eastport, Miss., as soon as relieved by Major-General Grant's troops, from which point they will march with seven days' rations and forage, two days' rations cooked and carried in haversacks, to Athens, Ala., and await the arrival of the Third Brigade.

VII. The battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Minor Milliken commanding, and the two batteries commanded by Captain R. Loder, will cross the Tennessee River at Florence on friday, the 25th instant, and march with the Third Brigade to Huntsville, Ala., leaving Florence with five days' rations and forage, two days' rations cooked and carried in haversacks.

VIII. the battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry, Captain Patten commanding, on being relieved at Iuka, Miss., will march with two days' rations and forage to Tuscumbia, Ala., and report to Colonel Minor Milliken.

IX. The battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry, Captain Eggleston commanding, on being relieved from Town Creek, Courtland, and Decatur, will march to Huntsville, Ala., crossing the Tennessee River at Decatur, and report to Colonel Milliken. Five days' rations and forage will be required.

X. All the sick of the division able to travel by railroad will be sent to Huntsville at once. Assistant Surgeon Lindsley, U. S. Army, will take charge to the sick to the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry and the Michigan Battery. The sick at Iuka, Miss., will proceed at once to Huntsville, Ala., by railroad, via Decatur, under the charge of the medical officers left at these hospitals from General Nelson's and Crittenden's divisions.

XI. Brigade Surgeon Hatchitt, in Corinth, will join the Second Brigade, First Division, District of the Ohio, after being relieved by a medical officer of Major-General Grant's army. Surgeon Hatchitt, on being relieved, will bring all the sick of Major-General Buell's army able to travel to Huntsville, Ala., by way of Decatur.

XII. Assistant Surgeon Young, Fourth Kentucky, assistant in general hospital at Corinth, Miss., will join his regiment without delay.

XIII. The two companies of Second Minnesota Volunteers posted at Cane Creek and the two companies of Second Minnesota Volunteers posted at Cherokee, on being relieved, will march at once to Florence, crossing the river, and join their regiments. They will prepare five days' rations, two cooked and carried in haversacks.

XIV. Colonel W. A. Hoskins, provost-marshal, upon being relieved by troops sent forward by General Grant, will at once take command of his regiment. Captain J. W. Stinchcomb, Seventeenth Ohio Volunteers, will take command of the guard and proceed via Decatur to Huntsville,

