
Ala., where the companies comprising the guard will join their respective regiments. Fiver days' rations will be required.

XV. The two companies of the Fourteenth Ohio, posted at Town Creek Bridge; one company Tenth Kentucky, posted at Courland, and one company Tenth Indiana, posted at trestle east of Courtland, on being relieved, will march with sufficient rations in haversacks to Tuscumbia, and report for duty with their regiment.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, July 19, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

The enemy has fallen back from the line of the Clinch. Stevenson is near Morristown; the brigades of Barton and McCown at Blain's Cross-roads, and Taylor's brigade it at Knoxville. There were contradictory rumors as to their destination - Nashville or Kentucky. For ten days back the enemy has been pressing into service every wagon which could be raised. This may be done for the transportation of a column or for conveying grain to Knoxville.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 19, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Gap:

General Buell directs that you construct as son as practicable a strong work for the defense of Cumberland Gap, and which can be hold by one regiment of infantry with artillery. It should be supplied for a siege of at least twenty days. The progress of events may require you to take the offensive at any moment, and the general wishes you to be prepared to do so; also watch well the enemy in your front and endeavor to keep yourself informed of his movements, particularly toward Nashville. The general regrets his inability as yet to furnish you more cavalry.

JAMES B. FRY.

CORINTH, July 20, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The following information is received here and seems to be reliable:

Bragg left Tupelo on the 7th with a large force and marched east, probably toward Chattanooga. There has also been a movement toward this place, but I think nothing formidable.

U. S. GRANT,

General.

