
strong, entered the town. This is certain, and General Nelson desires you to know.

Respectfully,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

TULLAHOMA, July 20, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I got the Fifty-first Ohio off yesterday to Murfreesborough; also the Eighth Kentucky and Standard's battery. Colonel Haggard's Fifth Kentucky Cavalry had a number of reconnoitering parties out. They returned yesterday except one company. He started to Murfreesborough this morning. The Thirty-fifth Indiana, one of the worst behaved regiments I have ever seen, got off in trains for Murfreesborough this morning. I will send the Twenty-fifth Kentucky as soon as the train returns.

I have used our limited transportation as actively as possible. We have but two trains engaged, in bad order. Shall I now distribute the Twenty-fourth Illinois in small parties along the line? I do not believe that the enemy is in any force at any point within 30 miles of the line of our railroad.

W. S. SMITH.

WINCHESTER SPRINGS,

Via Tullahoma, July 20, [1862].

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Marched from Shelbyville yesterday and will be in Winchester early to-morrow morning. The roads is rough, broken, and bad. I received a dispatch just as I was about to march to send the battery with me to Munfordville. I did so, which left me without a battery. Two regiments under Colonel Wagner are at Wartrace, with a battery. How long are they to remain there? I did [not] withdraw them, as there were no directions to do [so], but should think Generals Nelson and Smith have complete, ample force between them to take care of railroads. Please answer by telegraph. Address Tullahoma. It can be sent to me thence.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS, Rienzi:

I have but one map here, which I will leave with the officer who relieves me. There is sufficient water in the Tennessee to South Florence for boats drawing 2 feet of water. I have got most of my supplies that way. Have very few, if any, supplies here to turn over. I have sent out several expeditions south of the railroad, which have made no discoveries of Bragg's movements; therefore I am induced to think he has gone to Chattanooga or somewhere south, but I still continue on the lookout for any movements in this direction. We are in the midst of lukewarm friends, if not enemies.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

