
NASHVILLE, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Have not been able to communicate with you by telegraph for several days. Duck River Bridge was injured by freshet on Thusday night, as was also the Richland Creek. The whole bridge force on Tennessee and Alabama Railroad are now at Duck River. Foreman reports the bridge will be completed by to-morrow morning. The force from Elk River on Chattanooga road are at work at Stone River Bridge, 4 miles beyond Murfreesborough. I think I will get a train over on Wednesday. Two bridges, one north and one south of Murfreesborough, were burned. No other damage done up to Sunday morning. Have received 20 cars of commissary and quartermasters' suplies to-day from Louisville and Nashville Railroad. Will ship them to-morrow to Reynolds', or hold them till Wednesday and send via Stevenson, as I may be directed by quartermaster. Will come to Huntsville by first train.

Your dispatches of 17th and 18th just received.

J. B. ANDERSON.

DECATUR, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The following part of a message just received from Nashville 21st, 1862:

Major-General BUELL:

Reliable Union men left Lebanon yesterday 5 p. m. General Forrest, with 2,500 men and battery of artillery, supposed to be same forces engaged at Murfreesborough, with re-enforcements. People were preparing two days' rations for troops. Forrest gave informant pass and told him to stay at Nashville; that he would come soon to take the city.

INFORMANT.

Here the dispatch ends abruptly. From the peculiar working of the line at this moment I should judge that an instrument has been inserted. No circuit north. This happened about ten minutes ago.

MULARKEY,

Operator.

COLUMBIA, July 21, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I reply to your dispatch. The telegraph line is cut between this and Franklin. Will send your order by couriers. This morning at 3 a.m. we were threatened by a considerable force of the enemy, who were endeavoring to approach through the front. On being discovered they retreated, and were last heard who have lately crossed the Tennessee River near Clifton. I am of the opinion that it is a concentration of the guerilla bands below us. They are getting quite bold. Send two companies Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania to Franklin and along the railroad. This small force will possibly unite attack.

JAS S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

