
COLUMBIA, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I send you the following dispatch from Colonel Miller, Nashville:

The enemy have been very active south and west of us to-day. You may depend upon the determined resistance of my command of nine companies, Wolford's cavalry, and four companies of infantry, four rifle pieces of artillery. I regret the want of smooth-bores.

The locomotive and cars will be under steam to save them by sending them to Reynolds', if necessary.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, July 21, 1862 - 6 o'clock.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

We have here Gillem, with Tennessee regiment and parts of Seventy-fourth and Sixty-ninth; also 300 convalescents and a battery of artillery. General Nelson's army are at Murfreesborough and connection broken. Colonel Boone is at Gallatin with about 250. The enemy, known for two days past to be 2,500 cavalry and supposed some artillery at Lebanon, is now 1,000 strong, within 6 miles of town, and have driven in pickets and captured some scouts. Colonel Boone reports also one company cavalry, and one infantry of the enemy at Hartsville, north side of Cumberland River, and he cannot re-enforce. I tell him to do the best he can with what he has.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NASHVILLE, July 21, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Enemy's cavalry, 1,000 strong, 6 miles out of town, advancing from Lebanon, where they have in all 2,000 and supposed some artillery. Our pickets in and 4 or 5 scouts captured. Colonel Boone telegraphs from Gallatin one company enemy's cavalry and one of infantry at Hartsville, north of Cumberland River.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major.

LOUISVILLE, July 21, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Three hundred horses are ready and arrangements made for receiving as fast as transportation can be furnished. Seventy-two will be sent to-morrow; nearly 300 issued for General Boyle arrive this week. Mr. Guthrie answers me the road has not taken any private freight except some beef cattle for the army. If has been use exclusively for supplying General Buell's army and for General Boyle.

T. SWORDS.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 21, 1862.

Colonel J. F. MILLER, Nashville:

General Buell don't think it probable that any formidable attack will be made on Nashville while General Nelson is at Murfreesborough, but

