HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, Ala., (via Nashville, Teen.), July 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK or

General THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

The enemy has thrown a large cavalry force, regular and irregular, upon our lines throughout Tennessee and Kentucky. The embarrassment from this is great. Small guards cannot protect them, and to give large ones would scatter my whole force. High water also has destroyed our bridges. From these two causes we have had to repeat our work, and it has been impossible to get either road open to Nashville.

Nashville is again threatened, and whether really endanger or not its security is a matter of too vital importance to be left in jeopardy, and I must keep force enough there to operate actively in that quarter and toward the east. But these cavalry raids can only be effectually counteracted by cavalry, of which there should be at least five, or, if possible, eight more regiments in the two States.

I am compelled to ascribe the greater part of our annoyance from guerrilla bands to the spirit of hate and revenge which has been inspired in this quarter by an unwise policy and personal wrongs. I just learn that the enemy's cavalry in considerable force captured the guards - 80 men - and burned three bridges between Nashville and Murfreesborough yesterday. It will take eight days to rebuild them.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 22, 1862.

Mr. BRUCH, Nashville:

The telegraph is getting on badly. At some intermediate stations the operations are neglectful, if not incompetent; do not answer when called. Messages are often two or three days on the way. The wires work imperfectly. The whole line wants inspection. Please see to it. I ought to have an expert deciphered here. The operators have had little practice that way. Send ciphers, so that my staff can learn. By some gross neglect the party which started to make the connection to Murfreesborough has wasted three days and accomplished nothing.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 22, 1862.

General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

Received your letter yesterday. Telegraph will be extended to you as soon as party can be spared. Nashville is threatened by cavalry. Railroad between Nashville and Murfreesborough cut yesterday; will take eight days to repair it. Economize to the last degree and buy all the supplies you can. I congratulate you and General Crittenden upon promotion.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 22, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

Are you shipping provisions and forage up the Cumberland according to my last orders? It is of vital importance that not a moment should be lost.

D. C. BUELL.

