HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

Active operations, in which your brigade will participate, are now on foot. General Buell thinks the public interests will require your presence with it, and that you will be glad to take part in the operation referred to. It is expected that they will effectually quiet the rebellious element in Kentucky and Tennessee and render the command in Kentucky secondary and unimportant. General Duffield has been granted a leave of absence for ten days, by which time your brigade will be in position where you can join it immediately. The general directs therefore that you turn over the command to General Duffield on his return and join your brigade at a point which you will be advised of in time.

JAMES B. FRY,Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 33. Corinth, Miss., June 12, 1862.

I. The States of Kentucky and Tennessee east of the Tennessee River, except First Henry and Donelson and such portions of North Alabama and Georgia as are or may be occupied by our troops, will constitute the District of the Ohio, under command of Major-General Buell. All officers will report accordingly. General Buell will take measures to relieve the troops of General Grant's command now stationed at Clarksville.

II. The District of West Tennessee will include all that portion of the State west of the Tennessee River and Forts Henry and Donelson.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The part of Kentucky in General Fremont's department has been added to Department of Mississippi. The entire State is in Department of Mississippi by order of Secretary of War. I am assigned to command of the entire State, with directions to report to General Halleck. The people in the northeastern part of the State requested this of the Secretary of War because of some of General fremont's appointments of provost-marshals. These report in Colonel Duffield's office from the several regiments. The Eighteenth Kentucky is at Lexington and on the Covington Railroad. Parts of the Fiftieth Indiana and of the Twenty-eighth Kentucky are on the Nashville Railroad. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry at Tompkinsville and Glasgow, now on Cumberland River. The Fortieth Ohio and Sixteenth Kentucky on the Big Sandy. No report from Colonel Noble at Paducah. Captain Andrew's Michigan battery at West Point, and Thirteenth Indiana Battery here and the provost guard of Louisville. By order of the Secretary of War I am organizing the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, under Colonel Metcalfe; will have in service in twenty days. Need forces on the Cumberland River and Tennessee border.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

