HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 22, 1862.

General THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

General Buell wants to know your progress in crossing in time to send your orders before you leave Florence, in order to fix your destination.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July [22], 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

Cross a brigade at Florence as soon as possible and send it by Lawrenceburg to Pulaski. Our lines and trains there and elsewhere are threatened by large bodies of cavalry. Your troops must be continually on the alert. On arrival at Pulaski let the brigade commander communicate at once with the commander at Reynolds' Station and look to the protection of that point, and also convoy the wagon trains from Reynolds' to Athens by an infantry force of strength determined by what he may learn of the danger to be guarded against. Cross your cavalry as soon as possible and report it for orders.

JAMES B. FRY.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 22, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel SHEPHERD, Iuka:

Your telegram just received. The boat which arrived this evening reports the burning of the store-house and other property at Waterloo. Also reports a cavalry force, say 800 or 1,000 strong, near Waterloo. Send word to Colonel Harlan and if necessary send him assistance.

Inform General Morgan of the above and apply for a regiment to relieve you and cross the river at once. Say to General Morgan that it is 32 miles from Iuka to this place and ask him what time he can be here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 110. Huntsville, July 22, 1862.

* * * * * * * * * * *

VII. Colonel Kennett, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, will start five of his companies (about 160 men, under a field officer) to-morrow to Eastport, and if necessary Pittsburg Landing and Corinth, to procure a lot of horses from Brigadier-General Allen, chief quartermaster of the department. Transportation for the men and equipments will be furnished by rail to Iuka, and Corinth if necessary, or by boat from Eastport to Pittsburg Landing.

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

