
through that county going south last night. Colonel Board marches to this place to-night. Colonel McCook is ordered here also.

JAS. S. NEGLEY.

NASHVILLE, July 23, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Received answers to my two dispatches. Yours this morning were promptly received, but one sent by me in cipher last night is not alluded to. Have an apprehension the enemy have an operator replying in your name, and accordingly send this in cipher, requesting acknowledgment.

The enemy's cavalry is not less than 2,000, and possibly 4,000, and increasing. Bridges on Chattanooga road near this place destroyed and detachments guarding them killed or captured; 80 of those of Second Kentucky came in paroled this morning. A wagon train being sent for Nelson is being followed by the enemy and will be surely captured; also every detachment from here to Nelson's outposts. After that Forrest announces that will come back to attack the town. Our force being menaced on the Louisville road, Colonel Boone announces from Gallatin that Richland, 15 miles beyond, is held by 1,000 rebel cavalry, and Colonel Boone has detained the train from this place. We cannot send force from Nashville to guard the trains, and I telegraphed Boone if well satisfied of enemy at Richland to send the trains back to town. Also telegraphed Colonel Bruce at Bowling Green to send to Boyle for instructions and force. He answer that his own force is 450 men and that it would not be proper to expose the Bowling Green bridges, as it is evident that the enemy are rising rapidly to control our communication and perhaps strike Nashville when they feel strong enough.

Forrest sent a challenge to Miller last night to come out and fight him. The postmaster sent your mails on the 17th, 20th, and to-day. Have just received your dispatch stating you had information.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 23, 1862.

Colonel McCOOK, Reynolds' Station:

The First and Second Kentucky Cavalry (Wolford's and Board's) and the Second Indiana Cavalry (McCook's) are ordered to concentrate at Columbia immediately, to assume active operations against the enemy's cavalry, which is threatening our lines and posts. It will be necessary for you to remain at Reynolds' Station in person at present to superintend matters relating to our supplies. You will be permitted to join your regiment as soon as practicable.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

REYNOLDS', July 23, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have 313 here for duty. They will be in Columbia with baggage before morning. I think if the cavalry have an opportunity to do any fighting I ought to be with it. I don't believe there is any great danger in this vicinity. This post is isolated and exposed so long as it is

