HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 24, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM B. HAZEN, Reynolds' Station:

The general directs that you make it your business to see that stockades are erected for the defense of every bridge between Athens and Reynolds' Station, and he wishes you to go at this immediately. The regiments at Reynolds' must of course make working details. Report your whereabouts from time to time. No wagon trains must leave Reynolds' without escort. Tell Colonel McCook.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 24, 1862.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON:

You are hereby directed to proceed at once to the line between Reynolds' Station and Columbia and Columbia and assume command of the First and Second Kentucky Cavalry and the Second Indiana Cavalry, and operate actively against any rebel force to be found in your vicinity.

Small cavalry guards from your command will have to be left at Reynolds', Columbia, and Franklin; perhaps a company at each. The Third Kentucky Cavalry is at Athens, and may be called upon if the enemy should appear south of Elk River. The instructions given you verbally will govern you in your operations.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 24, 1862.

General SCHOEPF, Decatur:

Cross your command as promptly as possible and await orders. Report what progress you have already made and when your crossing will be completed.

D. C. BUELL.

BATTLE CREEK, July 24, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

One of my men left opposite Chattanooga at 1 p.m. yesterday. No troops on this side of river. They are pressing wagons and horses to be ready for some move; rebels say by East Tennessee to Kentucky. They were re-enforced by two regiments on Tuesday. They are also moving the men from Taylor's and Shellmound by small parties. One train down and back to-day of three passenger cars. Can you send me some money to work upon?

McCOOK,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 24, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Twenty-third Brigade has joined. Forrest has returned by way of Milton, on the Jefferson pike. In three days I will take the field and

