
seems to be well understood. It cannot be overestimated. There is misapprehension in the minds of many who have not seen the place as to its character, which leads to very incorrect conclusions with reference to the number of men and guns and the extent of the fortification necessary to its entire security. The place is by nature very strong, if sufficiently garrisoned. An idea may be gathered from the fact that the position was abandoned a month since by the enemy with a force of 6,000 men, and this without a contest and in presence of a force not overwhelming in numbers. Without fortifications the garrison should amount to 10,000 effective men; with them, it should consist of not less than 5,000, including four companies of artillery. The defensive system must be of considerable extent, as at least six or eight points must be occupied the most distant being not less than 2 1/2 or 3 miles horizontally and the greater difference of the line between any two of the points being 1,200 or 1,300 feet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. CRAIGHILL,

First Lieutenant of Engineers.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, July 25, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Both gangs of bridgemen are at work at the burnt bridges at Mill Creek. They will, I think, finish all three on Sunday night. I propose to send forward on Monday to Stevenson or to Huntsville, as may be directed, all the commissary supplies that will be ready to go. In the mean time I am sending to Reynolds' nearly an average of about 40 cars. If not otherwise directed I will send three trains to Reynolds' to-morrow, and if not retarded at the bridge work will hold up remainder until Monday to send to Stevenson. I will come to Huntsville via Stevenson by first train.

Will telegraph to Captain Yates to keep track clear for me on Monday.

J. B. ANDERSON.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 25, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

A man just from Chattanooga states that when he left there the Confederates were in large force; that they were crossing rapidly, saying that they intended marching on Nashville; that they were commanded by Price and Van Dorn with from 30,000 to 40,000 strong. I did not see the man myself because of the neglect of the officer in letting him pass, but I telegraphed Major Sidell to hunt him up in Nashville and cross-examine him and send you the information.

W. NELSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 25, 1862.

General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

Nelson at Murfreesborough hears that the enemy, 30,000 or 40,000, under Price and Van Dorn, are crossing at Chattanooga to move on Nashville. Let your scouts learn the facts. The quartermaster will send you money as soon as he can find any one to take it.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

