SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 113. Huntsville, July 25, 1862.

* * * * * * * * * *

VIII. Captain C. C. Gilbert, acting inspector-general, will proceed along the line to Nashville via Athens, and will inspect the defensive arrangements for each bridge. He will fix the site and determine the plans of the stockades, and his directions in regard to them will be complied with and carried out by all officers and men in this command.

Captain Gilbert will be furnished with special train to Elk River and from Reynolds' Station to Nashville, applying to Captain Yates for trains to Elk River and Mr. J. B. Anderson for trains from Reynolds' Station to Nashville. Captain Gilbert, upon completing this duty, will return to these headquarters and report to the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 26, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Procure as soon as possible five small engineers or "dickeys," as they are called, to carry about 12 men and run at considerable speed, to be used for express purposes and patrols on the roads. You will understand what I mean; such engines as are used on city roads, I believe, but rough and strong. Let me know when you can have them.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 26, 1862.

Captain WADE, Decatur:

You will observe that what I warned you of has occurred at other points on the road from neglect. Have you completed your stockade?

D. C. BUELL.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 26, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

John Morgan is retreating from Kentucky and will come in at Sparta. I want cavalry, and I want General Jackson, who is now in Nashville, to command it. I have sent repeated orders to Colonel Boone for his regiment to come here at once, and he will neither answer nor does he come. I also ordered one battalion of Wolford's cavalry to march here. I hear nothing of it one way or the other. I can settle this part of the country and stop Morgan and Forrest and be in position to receive any forces from Chattanooga, if I can get my orders obeyed. I have ordered the Thirty-first Indiana, Colonel Cruft, to march here and join its brigade. If Morgan and Forrest get together they will have 3,500 well mounted cavalry. General Manson arrived this morning.

W. NELSON,

General.

