
on the road got safely into Decatur. These disasters I have resulted from disobedience and neglect on the part of the in not erecting stockades and defending their posts. Such neglect sacrifices the public good and the lives of the men. They are as disgraceful as they are criminal, and it must and it may as well be understood that unless they can be checked by severe punishment no army can exist in the face of an enemy. The communication through to Decatur is of very great importance to both district, and I hope no time will be lost in opening the road again. If you should not have the means of effecting the object promptly please communicate with General Grant immediately, as the matter is of very great importance.

To be read and forwarded by General Thomas.

D. C. BUELL.

REYNOLDS', July 26, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I arrived yesterday. Have McCook's and Board's regiments here, and will leave at daylight in the morning. To-day I have a force at Connersville.

The reports of rebel cavalry moving in this direction have been imaginary rather than real. Shall report as often as possible, and should you not hear from me often you may rest assured that I am not idle.

Wolford's cavalry I have here; one company at Franklin and one at Columbia.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 26, 1862.

General R. W. JOHNSON, Reynolds' Station:

It is desirable for you to get on to Murfreesborough with your three regiments soon as practicable.

(Colonel McCook forward.)

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 26, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that all the officers in command of bridge guards between Tuscumbia and Decatur who surrendered or abandoned their posts on the 25th instant be arrested and brought to trial for disobedience of orders and neglect of duty in not erecting stockades and for misbehavior in surrendering or abandoning their posts. In cases of officers who were surrendered and were carried off the charges will be made out and filed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

