
NASHVILLE, July 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just learned from General Morgan, commanding at Cumberland Gap, that he has tendered his resignation. If it is accepted I hope that Generals Nelson or Thomas, of Buell's army, will be assigned to the command at that place. They are familiar with the country, the expedition from its commencement, the oppression of the people, and their necessities. I would suggest also Ex-Gov. W. B. Campbell, recently appointed brigadier-general, as being a suitable appointment for that command. A large portion of the troops there are Tennesseeans. I hope the Secretary of War will cause the commanding general of this department to issue an order similar to that of General Pope in Virginia in regard to subsisting, &amp;c., on the enemy. It is needed and will bring the rebels to their senses. The rebels must be made to feel the weight and ravages of the war they have brought upon the country. Treason must be made odious and traitors impoverished. We are raising forces here-infantry and cavalry-and in obtaining horses and supplies the Secretary of War need not be surprised if we make rebels meet the demand. I must be permitted to take some latitude in this respect.

General Morgan is pressing with great force the construction of a road from Crab Orchard to Cumberland Gap. If the railroad you intended to construct when I left Washington had been then commenced it would have been now completed and the cost of construction saved in transportation, and a connection with that portion of Tennessee formed which would have segregated and destroyed the unity of the contemplated Southern Confederacy.

Accept assurance of my confidence and esteem.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NASHVILLE, July, 26, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I have just heard from General Morgan at Cumberland Gap that his resignation has been tendered to the War Department. If it is accepted I hope it will not be considered out of place to express a wish as to who should take command at that place of the generals under your command. I know none who be more suited than Generals Nelson or Thomas. Both of them are perfectly familiar with the country and with the expedition. I would also suggest the name of Ex-Gov. William B. Campbell, who has been recently appointed brigadier-general. He is a brave man, has the confidence of the people, and rendered valuable service as an officer and soldier in the Mexican war.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

NASHVILLE, July 27, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

I will get over Mill Creek Bridge to-morrow and intend sending supplies to Stevenson. Will you please notify General Smith that the trains are coming and ask him to keep track clear for them, and to advise me by telegraph, or will I communicate with him myself? I was

