
under the impression Captain Yates was in charge until now. I expect to reach Huntsville to-morrow p.m.

J. B. ANDERSON.

NASHVILLE, July 27, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

My bridge force will finish the last bridge on Mill Creek by midnight. Shall I send them to McMinnville road? Please answer to-night.

J. B. ANDERSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 27, 1862.

Major J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Hold your party at Nashville until you make your experimental trip to-morrow and other matters are a little more settled.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 27, 1862.

General NELSON, Murfreesborough:

You should have two brigades, but must leave not less than one and a battery at Murfreesborough. I have ordered Johnson to Murfreesborough so as to give you an additional regiment of cavalry, holding two in reserve there. I hope he will arrive in time, though if you can get along with one it will be best and less trouble. The first object is to establish yourself and open communications, and it may be important to have a large cavalry force in reserve lest the enemy should strike in your rear again. They made a dash this morning at Smith, who is at Manchester; killed 3 and captured 15 of his men. I rely greatly on your judgment and energy. Report as frequently as possible. It is only through your information that I can know what the occasion actually requires in that quarter. Let one of your staff officers learn the cipher from the operator, so that you can write and read in cipher.

D. C. BUELL.

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 27, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I leave to-morrow. I have been detained by all sorts of vexations.

W. NELSON.

BATTLE CREEK, July 27 [1862].

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The bridge I refer to is on the road from Chattanooga to Knoxville at Loudon. Rebels report it burned. I will watch all. I have four men in the mountains, neither of whom knows the others are there. I have to keep an eye on the country below me as far as Bellefonte, and have but very little cavalry. All well.

McCOOK,

General.

