
DECATUR, July 27, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

SIR: My stockade was completed as soon after I received your dispatch as I could construct it. Would have intrenched immediately after my arrival had I not been advised by General Wood to occupy the position which I did. Lieutenant-Colonel Lister is commanding this post. He has four companies of my regiment, two Tenth Indiana, and one cavalry company. He was left here by General Schoepf.

W. H. WADE,

Captain.

DECHERD, July 27, 1862-11 a.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I am just in receipt of your dispatch of the 26th, saying it will be best not to move Wagner at present. I sent Colonel Wagner the order on the 25th, and I have reason to think he marched yesterday. I will start to try to intercept him with an order to return to Wartrace, but as there are several roads the order may not reach him. In case he should arrive here should he be ordered back to Wartrace? Please answer immediately.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 27, 1862.

General WOOD,

Winchester, Office at Decherd:

If Wagner has left Wartrace he must go back there to-night, and you must send a regiment from your immediate command to Duck River by cars to-night. Forrest has appeared before Manchester, and it is probable he will strike at the railroad to-morrow between Duck River and Murfreesborough. Wagner must guard the bridges about Wartrace, and every guard must erect defenses and resist to the last. He must get that line open. Get cars from General Smith. Where is Wagner now? Report.

JAMES B. FRY.

DECHERD, July 27, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch is received. Colonel Wagner is at Tullahoma with one regiment, having sent one of his regiments back to Wartrace. He informs me he remained at Tullahoma at the request of General Smith. I have sent him an order to return to Wartrace at once, erect defenses, and resist to the last extremity. I will send a regiment by cars to-night to Duck River Bridge, with the same instructions in regard to the erection of defenses and defending them as given to Colonel Wagner.

TH. J. WOOD,

General.

