
TULLAHOMA, July 27, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I am just in receipt of a note, dated at 9 morning, from Colonel Wagner, informing me of his arrival at Tullahoma. I extract as follows from his note:

General Smith is fighting at Manchester, reports say, with a large force. Whether this is no or not I cannot tell, but if so be will need help. An officer has told me this who has just come from General Smith.

I have sent the following to Colonel Wagner:

Try to learn reliably whether General Smith is engaged with the enemy at Manchester, and whether he needs assistance. If so, push to him as promptly as possible, but use the greatest precaution, and don't allow yourself to be entrapped on the march by the enemy. If you can get any reliable intelligence from Manchester have it sent to me without delay, that I may take means to render assistance there.

But I have ordered him in case he is not needed at Manchester to return to Wartrace, to await further orders. I will send all my cavalry in the direction of Hillsborough and Manchester at once, to move rapidly, and if any considerable firing is heard in that direction to send me a report, and I will march at once in that direction with a view of re-enforcing General Smith.

I sent General Smith a regiment on the 25th, which reached him that night. In his requisition for a regiment he said one would make everything secure at Manchester. I also wrote him yesterday requesting him to inform me promptly if he got into any trouble and I would give him all the help in my power. If he has taken proper precautions he has not been surprised, and if likely to be attacked in force he should have informed me of it. Moreover, to send to me he would have had to send his train by Tullahoma, where he would found Colonel Wagner ready to go to his assistance.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 27, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Have the Eleventh Regiment Michigan Volunteers sent to Nashville without delay. Don't assign officers of general staff in Louisville to other than their legitimate duty so as to interfere with their labors in supplying the army.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 27, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM B. HAZEN,

(Care Colonel McCook), Reynolds' Station:

As fast as the regiments of your brigade complete their work in connection with railroad repairs send them by rail to Murfreesborough and let them take their baggage on the cars, and you can make their wagons empty into a train and have them marched to Murfreesborough direct under an escort of three or four companies. Send this train under a vigilant officer. Report the departure of each regiment and let none go until the work at their stations is done.

JAMES B. FRY.

