
A guard train should pass over the road twice a day having with it a few men who would know how to make slight repairs. I have no doubt of the importance of keeping the road open if possible and hope you will be able to do it. Please give me all the information you can obtain.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, July 28, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The letters captured were mostly written by persons attached to the Twenty-sixth Alabama. One says that they understand that "old Buell" is near Chattanooga, and they are going to be there to lick the Yankees. It is evident that there is a very considerable movement going on toward Chattanooga via Mobile; has been going on for some days and will continue to-morrow. Some speak of driving the Yankees, some of them by going to Huntsville.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 28, 1862.

Brigadier General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding Third Division:

SIR: It has been reported to the general commanding that the detachment of the Nineteenth Illinois at Indian Creek has, without authority, pressed in negroes to make the stockade they were ordered to erect at that place. As the officer in command of the detachment has acted in this matter without authority, the general directs that you send an officer of rank to his post (the bridge over Indian Creek), with directions to order the officer in command to send the negroes out of camp and make his men do the work themselves, in accordance with the original order, and to admonish him of the necessity of his strict obedience to orders. Let him know that if it is at any time necessary to use negro labor the fact must be reported to the general commanding, who will give orders in the case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, July 28, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

An intelligent Union man (Mr. Bohr), from Chattanooga, reports to me that he left Chattanooga on Wednesday; that the rebel force was 20,000, of which less than 15,000 efficient. The other 5,000 late of Price's army, are mostly dismounted cavalry, of whom only 1,000 have arms, and all are unwilling to fight. They are stationed back of Chattanooga, and Mr. Bohr has been in their camp. The 15,000 are at Shellmound. They are mostly Georgians and eager for fight. The Georgians have little artillery, and are particularly short of horses for their batteries and wagons. An artillery regiment lately from Augusta, Ga., was obliged to be organized as infantry, to their greatest displeasure, for

