
want of guns and horses. Agents are---and other places buying horses and wagons, and lately are coming in, sometimes ten or fifteen a day. ----commands at Shellmound under J. P. McCown, who commands the whole force near Chattanooga. Kirby Smith is in general command, and is now at Knoxville. There is a knee-deep ford 1 mile below Chattanooga and very few troops defending it, most of them having been moved up to Shellmound. It is said that at Knoxville are about as many rebel troops as at [Chattanooga], and that they are fortifying Clinch Mountain. Will send a sketch map by mail to-morrow.

W. H. SIDELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 28, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel MURRAY,

Commanding Third Ohio Cavalry, Woodville, Ala.:

SIR: It is stated by Major Panamore, of your regiment, that he recently made a scout from Woodville to Gunter's Landing and back in twenty-four hours. The general commanding directs me to say that without more care your regiment will very soon be dismounted. You are expected to make frequent trips to the river, and, if they are made at the rate of the one referred to your animals would be rendered unfit for further use for many days. These rapid marches must only be made in cases of actual necessity. You will please give instructions accordingly, and give special attention to the care of your horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, July 28, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Captain Zimmerman, in charge of 100 cavalry, was sent by General McCook 8 miles southwest to get some cattle which the enemy were reported to be crossing the river. The advance guards met the enemy in a thick wood and were repulsed. One sergeant killed and 4 men missing. The officer reports about a regiment of the enemy. I desire to send a regiment and a section of artillery from my command to the assistance of Captain Zimmerman. Answer quick.

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Florence, Ala., July 28, 1862.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding, Tuscumbia:

Lieutenant-Colonel Shepherd, commanding Eighteenth United States Infantry, arrived here this morning. He considers Iuka and Eastport in danger from the enemy, which report is corroborated by Captain Wing, assistant quartermaster. Just heard from Eastport. O consider it desirable to send a regiment to the latter place, if you have it to spare, in the place of the Tenth Kentucky, which has just left there, or to send

