
six or eight companies, with a platoon of cavalry. There is no doubt but that portion of your line is threatened.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 28, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

A field battery has been taken from Knoxville to Chattanooga. It is believed that all the force of the enemy have gone there except about 7,500.

Lieutenant Carpenter, sent out with 40 men to arrest certain vicious rebels, has just returned. He entered Clinton, 60 miles from here, and remained there three hours. Had skirmish with 120 rebels; killed 1, wounded 3 or 4, and killed a number of horses.

He returned by the public road and brought in 8 prisoners. Our works are progressing rapidly.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 28, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

I respectfully recommend the promotion of Lieutenant [Milton] B. W. Harmon, of the Thirty-first Regiment, to be captain of E company for his officer like and efficient conduct generally, and for gallant conduct in an engagement with the enemy on the 25th instant in defending a bridge with 25 men of his company, in which he was severely wounded; 2 of his men were killed and 11 wounded. There are many vacancies in this fine regiment. It is important that they should be filled at once, and I am sure it will not be necessary for me to urge upon you the justice and expediency of promoting those who have rendered valuable service and have qualified themselves by experience. The colonel of the regiment has, I believe, recommended such to you.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, July 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The letters referred to in last night's dispatch were from members of the Twenty-sixth Alabama, Wither's division. In addition to these we have deserters and prisoners, some 4 of the Thirty-first Tennessee; left Tupelo 24th instant; say Confederate army were moving-some say to Columbus, Miss., others to Chattanooga. The imagination of the letter writers were evidently excited by the idea of some great move that was to clear Northern Alabama of Yankees and meet "old Buell;" that they expected a large part of the army to participate in the movement, leaving a large force to meet the emergency on this line. The movements were to be by rail. When transportation was wanted they will use railroad.

Do you not think our telegraph line by Decatur likely to be use by the rebels?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

General.

