
CORINTH, July 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I have just received word that Hardee, with the advance of Bragg's army, reached Moulton at noon Sunday. Four regiments of infantry, two battalions, and a brigade of cavalry under Armstrong came there via Fulton en route south. Cheatham's division is another that has gone east via railroad to Rome. Their principal concentration is at Rome. This brigade is one of cavalry and observation.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

TUSCUMBIA, July 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Our line along its whole length is threatened by General Bragg, who is advancing from Tupelo. Decatur is especially exposed. Could you not send a force there to support me at that point, my command being too weak for so long a line? I have four companies at Decatur.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 29, 1862.

General [J. D.] MORGAN, Tuscumbia:

General Rosecrans notified me yesterday of information derived from a captured mail near Baldwyn to the effect that Bragg's force was moving by rail to Chattanooga, and it is probably true. It is not likely that any considerable force is advancing on Decatur. The cavalry, a regiment of infantry, and perhaps a section of artillery may be in that quarter. More than that is not at all probable. Its object would be to stop our communication with the Union men of Winston and adjoining counties, who have recently been joining our ranks, to break up our lines along the railroad and to throw marauding bodies of cavalry across the river upon my communications. It is very desirable to defeat these objects, but I can spare no force to accomplish it. A brigade at Courtland would do it very easily. You can best judge whether you can spare it. Unless there is a formidable advance from Tupelo toward Corinth, which I can hardly believe, I have no doubt you can safely. Please communicate these views to General Rosecrans. It is not improbable that Decatur may be in danger unless you can at once send a force in that direction. I will send some infantry and artillery to the river.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 29, 1862.

General NELSON, Murfreesborough:

General Johnson must be near Murfreesborough, certainly between there and Columbia, with three regiments. Communicate with him at once, and instruct him, with his cavalry, two regiments of infantry, and

15 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

