
some artillery from Murfreesborough, to operate against the enemy on the south side of the Cumberland, so as to protect Nashville and our lines and defeat him if possible. If from your knowledge of the enemy's strength or position you doubt Johnson's ability to accomplish the object you will assist him; otherwise march promptly on McMinnville, as previously ordered, with two brigades, two batteries, and one regiment of cavalry. Hazen starts for Murfreesborough by rail to-morrow morning with eight regiments.

D. C. BUELL

MURFREESBOROUGH, July 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The cavalry that was to come here has not arrived. Any time within the last five days John Morgan and Forrest could have been destroyed if I could get cavalry. Your ordered me to assume the command when I came to Nashville of all the troops on the line. My orders are not obeyed; on the contrary, I find them making movements unknown to me and to my understanding imaginary. To-day or to-morrow Morgan, Forrest, and Elliott will unite their commands, and they will have 4,000 of the best mounted cavalry in the world. Your ordered me to assume the command. I desire to know of whom, of what, for nobody obeys. The result will be the utter destruction of our commands.

W. NELSON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 29, 1862.

General NELSON, Murfreesborough:

My first orders contemplated only such arrangements as were necessary to meet the exigency then existing about Nashville and Murfreesborough, and supposed that you would only use the troops that were near at hand, without removing those more distant, which were necessary for the security of other points. At the same time I gave orders for concentrating a larger force in that quarter to provide more permanently for the future. I supposed that my dispatches had indicated this to you. My purpose is to but two brigades and two regiments of cavalry at McMinnville under your immediate command, with two brigades and at least two regiments of cavalry in reserve at Murfreesborough, the whole subject to your orders. This arrangement will I hope render our roads and Nashville comparatively safe, with small bridge guards protected by stockades. I hoped that General Johnson would be at Murfreesborough yesterday in time to give you a second cavalry regiment to move with you on McMinnville, and I understood you would march yesterday. What prevented? It is very important that that point should be occupied at once. If you think it necessary take two brigades with you now. Your third brigade will commence moving to-morrow and will all concentrate at Murfreesborough in a few days. Should it be necessary I will re-enforce you at McMinnville by one of Wood's brigades, but it is desirable not to send a larger force there at present if it can be avoided. The information I have indicates that a considerable force will soon be at Chattanooga, with the probable intention of assuming the offensive. Bragg and Price are both spoken of as coming on. We must be prepared. The delay in operating our roads

