
MANCHESTER, July 29, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

All has been quiet here since Sunday morning. I made reconnaissance 7 miles in the direction of McMinnville yesterday and discovered nothing of importance.

A good cavalry force could easily, rout Forrest and I think recapture the pieces taken at Murfreesborough.

I am making every effort in my power to gather cattle, but cannot find enough to supply my men here. It will be difficult for me to remain here unless supplies, except fluor, can be brought from elsewhere.

W. S. SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 29, 1862.

N. E. ALLOWAY, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 22nd instant to General Buell in reference to the Stevenson Mansion in Nashville I am directed to inform you that the property in question is not regarded by the general as confiscated, that act resting with the civil tribunals under the laws of Congress. Mr. Stevenson, however, the owner of the property, was, previous to the occupation of Nashville by the United States troops, and, as it is believed, still is, in arms against the Government; his property is therefore very properly seized, being necessary for the wants of the Government. The transfer of this property was made to you after the rebel army had commenced to evacuate Nashville and when it was quite plain that that city would fall into our hands, and it is therefore regarded as void.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 29, 1862.

Major HARDING,

Commanding Nineteenth Illinois:

SIR: The general commanding directs that the barrels in the vicinity of the railroad bridge over the lake near Decatur be kept at all times filled with water, and that the members of the guard be required to pass over the bridge immediately after each train that goes over it to guard against fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, July 29, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

No infantry are yet recruited in Kentucky. General Buell has ordered all convalescent and furloughed soldiers returning to their regiments to

