
quired. I find the telegraph wire has not been put in order east of Bear Creek, and telegraphic communication from your headquarters therefore stops at that point. I shall be at Florence early to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

P. S. - the telegraph operator I brought from Nashville is gone and I have none, and could not communicate with you if the line were open to-morrow. I need Captain Chandler as quartermaster.

TUSCUMBIA, June 14, 1862.

(Received June 16, 1862.)

Captain GREENE:

Five days' rations and forage for two divisions with their trains, say 16,000 men, must be at Athens by Sunday, 22nd instant. By same time there must be five day's supplies at Decatur for two divisions. After 22nd instant supplies for the whole force, say five divisions, 40,000 men, exclusive of force now under General Mitchel, will be required either at Huntsville or Stevenson as may hereafter be directed. Apply to General Mitchel for such wagon transportation as may be necessary for this purpose in addition to what the quartermaster in Nashville can send . Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, June 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

In the absence of General Dumont, in reply to your telegram of yesterday, I have to say there are no troops here whatever except provost guard and the unorganized First Tennessee Regiment (Governor's Guard). The Sixty-ninth and Seventy-fourth Ohio have both been sent to Murfreesborough. There are two companies at Columbia, and Colonel Boone with two companies Twenty-eighth Kentucky temporarily at Franklin. I have not men enough to do ordinary guard duty, keeping them on post sometimes forty-eight hours without relief.

STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Nashville, Tenn., June 14, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE,

Commanding, Louisville, Ky.:

A dispatch from General Dumont, dated McMinnville yesterday, 9 o'clock p. m., informs me that the enemy are in the Sequatchie Valley, near Pikeville, and a good chance to overhaul him. The general pursued last night. He says Morgan is either at Kingston, Roane County, or making from that to Jamestown, in Fentress County, and from that into Kentucky, with not to exceed 800 men, and ought to be struck by Williams.

STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

