
be armed-arming with Prussian guns. I think I have 2,000 cavalry recruits. Will have all the regiments in a few days. Lack arms and equipments. Military board bought 500 Wesson carbines for Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Metcalfe, three-years' men, and others are to be bought-price $25. There are very few American guns here. Can I get some Sharps carbines?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 36. In Camp Huntsville, Ala., July 29, 1862.

I. Courts-martial in the army shall proceed industriously and continuously with the business before them until it is completed. The members are forbidden to absent themselves from the court for the performance of other duty, or on any account whatever, unless specially directed to do so by the officer ordering the court or by superior authority. The labors of courts shall not be interrupted by partial movements of troops, and when the command in which it is convened marches the court will move with it under the direction of the officer commanding, and will resume its sessions daily on arrival at camp, and in these cases it will be directed to sit without regard to hours. Division commanders will see that all facilities practicable are afforded courts-martial in the prosecution of their labors, and that the proceedings are rendered and acted upon without unnecessary delay and the sentences promptly and fully executed.

It shall be the duty of the inspector-general at division headquarters, or of an officer specially detailed, to see, after every muster, that all stoppages of pay ordered in accordance with sentences of courts-martial, whether general or regimental, are entered on the muster rolls.

Discipline, and consequently the honor and efficiency of the army, is in no inconsiderable degree dependent on courts-martial. Nominal penalties for grave offenses avail nothing, and are neither wise nor merciful.

II. The general commanding regrets to discover among some of the troops culpable negligence in the performance of guard duty. The military character of a command and its officers may be fairly inferred from the manner in which this important duty is performed. Attention of commanders is called to the General Regulations of the Army in relation to the duties of guards and sentinels, particularly the parts announced from these headquarters in General Orders, Nos. 16 and 17, dated respectively December 16 and 17, 1861. Guards and sentinels must not only be vigilant and do their duty in spirit, but in form also. The late discreditable behavior of some of our small posts, and their consequent destruction, would seem to afford sufficient warning on this point.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 30, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

After having our work twice destroyed by a large force of the enemy's cavalry just as it was completed we succeeded in getting trains through from Nashville on the Chattanooga road yesterday. The Decatur road

