
will also be completed this week. I have been exerting myself strenuously since my arrival to complete these roads and fortify the bridges with strong stockades, so that they can be defended by small guards. The movements of the enemy's cavalry have not delayed our work materially. The defenses will, I hope, be finished this week, so that I can concentrate the troops, which heretofore I have been completed to scatter a good deal to protect the road.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 30, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

General Grant sends me the following information from General Rosecrans, dated the 28th:

From perusal of a large number of letters written by members of the Twenty-sixth Alabama, and a few others from Richmond, captured by Sheridan, it is clear that there os very considerable movement of troops from Saltillo and vicinity via railroad to Chattanooga. Two or three of them say thence to Huntsville, and all speak of a movement in northern part of Alabama for expelling the Yankees from Northern Alabama. One says a considerable force will be left at Saltillo-supposed to be enough to meet the emergency. Two days' cooked rations, and the railroad via Mobile. Nearly all of them to leave to-morrow morning. Two or three talk of going from Chattanooga to Huntsville. Unfortunately they are all of the Twenty-sixth Alabama, but the impression about coming there with Bragg on the east and Price on the center. They say the Yankees will be made to skedaddle.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Hunsville, July 30, 1862.

Colonel J. F. MILLER, Nashville:

If it has not been done already order stockades built at every bridge or other point occupied by troops on the road north of Nashville. It must be done without an hour's delay. Properly fortified in that way a guard of from 20 to 40 men, according to the importance of the bridge, is amply sufficient at any point, and two companies at Gallatin.

I will send plans and specifications for stockades by mail. In the mean time order the posts to be cut and hauled immediately. They should be 11 feet long and from 8 to 10 inches thick. At least 300 posts will be required at every point.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, July 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I had ordered stockades built at the bridges, but Colonel Boone represented his force as small, and desired to employ negroes; little has been done. Will have the work pushed forward and will send troops to assist.

JNumbers F. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

