HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 30, 1862.

General ROSECRANS, Corinth:

General Morgan, at Tuscumbia, thinks he has reliable information that a considerable force of cavalry, artillery, and infantry is gathering in front of Decatur. I have no idea that the force is large. There may be a regiment of infantry and section of artillery with considerable cavalry, perhaps as much as two regiments. That, however, is sufficient to drive your small garrison out of Decatur unless it is supported. A brigade occupying and operating from Courtland would be quite sufficient. I believe it could render very important service that way, and I hope you will so direct. I telegraphed Grant on the subject. Talk with him. It ought to be attended to at once, though I have no knowledge of the presence of such a force as is reported. There is no probability that there is any greater force there than I have supposed. But that could do mischief which can easily be prevented.

It is well to use the cipher in important dispatches to guard against the use of our telegraph by the enemy.

D. C. BUELL.

PULASKI, July 30, 1862.

Major FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, General Thomas' Division:

I deem it very important that a regiment of cavalry should be stationed at this place. I find that guerrilla bands are being organized in almost every direction. They are now becoming very troublesome. We could now disperse them without much trouble, but if they are allowed to become thoroughly organized we will be annoyed very much by them. I have satisfied myself on this subject, and can say without doubt that such is the case. Let me know whether it is possible to get cavalry.

SPEED S. FRY.

What is General Fry doing at Pulaski?

D. C. B.

PULASKI, July 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I omitted to state in my dispatches that Colonel Harlan's regiment had not yet arrived. I expect it to-morrow. Can I not wait until it arrives, so as to have my whole brigade together on the march? Answer immediately. I will in the mean time be preparing to move in the morning.

SPEED S. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 30, 1862.

General S. S. FRY, Pulaski:

It is necessary for you to march to-morrow; Harlan's regiment to follow you promptly.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

