
DECATUR, July 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I find here four companies of infantry and three of cavalry, under Colonel Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois. The shore opposite here is sufficiently good to protect the troops in crossing with my infantry and artillery, but in so protecting a part of the town must necessarily be destroyed. Dispatches for me telegraphed here and sent by special messenger will reach me quicker than by hand from Huntsville. I duplicate a dispatch just received by Colonel Bradley. From information received by the colonel, however, the same is not corroborated, and yet it may be true. I return immediately.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Colonel First Wisconsin.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 30, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Headquarters, Nashville:

What troops are at Clarksville and what numbers? Refer the subject of political prisoners to Governor Johnson, and get his views about sending them North and act upon them.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 30, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Gap:

The probability is and the indications already are that the main force of the enemy in East Tennessee will be drawn in the direction of Chattanooga. Do you perceive that that is being done to such an extent that you can assume the offensive? If so, in what way can you best act in co-operation with the movements in this quarter? Could you move against Knoxville or some other important point on the railroad, say the bridge 20 miles east of Knoxville? Please give me your views and tell me what you can undertake.

D. C. BUELL.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have received the following telegram from Colonel Swords:

Governor Johnson telegraphs that the Secretary of War has advised the purchase of horses for Colonel Johnson's regiment. Do you want them furnished?

I have mo instruction on the subject of converting the Fourth Tennessee Infantry into cavalry. Governor Johnson has authorized the organization of two other regiments of cavalry. Two would be useful. A greater force could not be fed. What action shall I take?

GEORGE W. MORGAN.

