
LOUISVILLE, July 30, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary:

Military Board bought 500 carbines of Kitteridge &amp; Co., Cincinnati, for Metcalfe's three-years' men. Hope to get more. I have over 2,000 men ready to receive guns. It has bad effect to keep them without. Do what you can for us in sending carbines. I think the infantry regiments will be raised. Legislature will authorize draft.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 31, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My information is that Bragg arrived at Chattanooga Sunday evening, the 27th. Two trains, with troops, arrived the same day. Their railroad agent, it is said, has orders to furnish cars for 30,000 men as fast as he can. You can judge yourself of the probability of the concentrating of a heavy force against Middle Tennessee, now that they have nothing to apprehend in Mississippi. The work of re-enforcing here would be slow.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 31, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville, Ala.:

I have directed General Grant to be prepared to re-enforce you if you should find the enemy too strong at Chattanooga.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PULASKI, July 31, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Arrived here late this evening from Eastport. My men's feet are very sore from hard marching to join my brigade. Can I be allowed to remain here to-morrow and rest them and procure clothing? Since leaving Florence report of capture of two companies, A and H, in all about 90 men, of this regiment, on the 25th instant, at Courtland, is confirmed. Rebel force was believed to be 800 cavalry, under General Armstrong. My men fought until completely surrounded and overwhelmed. Loss 1 killed and 4 wounded. Rebel loss believed to be 11 killed and more than 20 wounded. Particulars by mail. I am satisfied that my officers and men did all that was possible to do. Privates have been paroled. Some of them have joined regiments. What shall I do with them? Please answer immediately.

JNumbers M. HARLAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 31, 1862.

Colonel HARLAN, Pulaski:

Continue your march to-morrow to Decherd.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

