
BATTLE CREEK, July 31, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

One of my men just in. General Bragg arrived at Chattanooga on Tuesday evening. On same evening two trains came in with soldiers. Railroad agent says he has orders to furnish cars for 30,000 as fast as he can. One brigade left for Knoxville on Tuesday evening. No crossing at Chattanooga. The re-enforcements were ordered to cross the river. Order countermanded. The river above Chattanooga will soon be fordable.

McCOOK,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, July 31, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

A furloughed rebel soldier that lives within 3 miles of this place yesterday reports Morgan at McMinnville. It may all be a game of brag, but I have thought best to give you the rumor with its source.

We have plenty of fluor here and very little else. Forage is almost out of the question and cattle are very scarce. I have to send 7 or 8 miles, and then at great risk to the foraging party. If we could only break up the rebel nest at McMinnville we would open up to our forces the supplies on which they are now subsisting in the fertile country at the foot of the mountains. My men are without their baggage and camp equipage, as I expected when we started to merely come here and return with the flour to Tullahoma. Will a force soon be sent to relieve us or shall I bring up our baggage?

W. S. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 31, 1862.

General WILLIAM S. SMITH, Tullahoma:

The move suggested in your dispatch of to-day was ordered some time ago, but is slow of execution. Your movement are dependent upon if. You will not have to wait much longer.

(Send to Manchester.)

JAMES B. FRY.

ATHENS, ALA., July 31, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Have just arrived here with the cavalry and artillery of my division. The Third Brigade will reach here to-morrow with the supply train General Fry left Florence with his brigade on Friday last. I shall move day after to-morrow to Decherd. Shall I take the First and Second Brigades with me?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

General.

HUNTSVILLE, July 31, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Schoepf's brigade passed here on the 29th for Decherd. General Fry's brigade is ordered to march to-day from Pulaski for Decherd.

