HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCook,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs you to hold one brigade in readiness to cross the Tennessee River to-morrow, so that it can move at once in case the preparations for ferrying are completed. In moving forward on the other side the general desires the brigades to march with considerable intervals, the leading brigade being perhaps a day in advance of the other two, and these marching with intervals which will be indicated to you. Each brigade should therefore have its share of the division train and should take its forage and rations. Those for the leading brigade should be loaded at once held ready for the advance. They should take all the forage and rations that their transportation will permit, and certainly not less than six days', preferably ten.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, June 15, 1862.

General BUELL:

Colonel Sill occupies Jasper and holds the adjacent points. He has captured dispatches from Major A. M. Lea, which say that the Yankees have crossed into Powell's Valley in large force, but have not taken Cumberland Gap. Colonel Sill says that these prisoners informed him that there are 20,000 troops at Chattanooga. I deem it my duty to keep you advised and to forward whatever information I may obtain.

The enemy do not seem to meditate a crossing of the river, as they are making efforts to obstruct the road to Chattanooga. We had destroyed five ferry-boats at Gunter's Landing, crossing the river to accomplish it.

We learn from citizens on the other side that large bodies of the enemy are passing almost daily en route for Chattanooga.

O. M. MITCHELL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 15, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

A dispatch just received, dated Jasper, Tenn., from Colonel Sill, reports a large body of the enemy below Rankin's Ferry and opposite the mouth of the Sequatchie. There are also indications of an attempt to seize the mouth of Battle Creek. I have twelve companies at Stevenson and four companies at Bellefonte. I have ordered a regiment of the Eighth to Winchester or Decherd, with three pieces of artillery. We will do our utmost to keep the enemy from crossing the Tennessee.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

