
Hence the Governor argues in reference to saving the city that an evidence of determination to hold on our part at any cost would deter them, and to corroborate this quotes a fact, that when the city was lately threatened members of a secret committee went out to restrain their friends, assuring them that the city would be destroyed by us should they get possession.

The Governor therefore believes that if the enemy is convinced we mean to hold it he would hesitate to attack, uncertain as he would be of adherents within, and suggest the construction of works of defense in the shape of redoubts and other earthworks.

The labor he advises to be taken from those who render it necessary, and that contrabands, of which he has now control of a good many, be used in that way habitually.

The Governor says that recent observation has changed his ideas in regard to treating rebels with lenity. At one time he advised it, but now believes that they must be made to feel the burden of their own deeds and to bear everything which the necessities of the situation require should be imposed on them.

This I believe is the substance of all that was said, but, as I observed before, there was much elaboration of detail and evidence of earnest conviction.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL.

Major, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General

P. S.- General Mason writes Governor Johnson by letter received to-day and sent to me that there is no doubt of the organization of guerrilla bands near Clarksville, and that the wealthier part of the population is disloyal and humbler classes the reverse; that it would be difficult to raise a cavalry regiment there, but there are sufficient horses belonging to the secessionists to mount as many men as needful. He wants Governor Johnson's order to "possess and occupy" the horses.

General Mason says he has but 250 men near Clarksville, on the opposite side of the river. He says further that he is advised by Colonel Bruce that he has sent 400 men to Russellville.

I am, respectfully,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LOUISVILLE, August 1, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

July 21, 72 horses sent to Nashville by rail and 250 by boat. The boat could not go up, and the horses taken off at Paducah; 385 issued for General Boyle and 28 for General Morgan; 325 on hand awaiting transportation; arrangements made for more as fast as transportation can be furnished; 675 sent be water from Cincinnati; have not heard whether they got up; 250 on hand there, more being purchased; 445 issued from Lexington to Generals Morgan and Boyle and 240 there. General Morgan telegraphs that intelligence has been received which renders it necessary that he should have horses for a mounted regiment at once. Shall I furnish them?

T. SWORDS.

