HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Iuka, June 15, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: A citizen has just come into camp and makes the following statement: That the army of Beauregard is now in three divisions; one at Okolona; the other at a point 25 miles west of Okolona, in the woods; the other at Fulton, 50 miles south of this camp, on the high road from Eastport to Aberdeen, Miss. Fulton is 25 miles east from Okolona. This citizen states that it is the intention, so soon as our army spread out, to march on Corinth and drive what troops we have here into the Tennessee, that they are aware that we believed that a part of their army is on the way to Virginia or Eastern Tennessee and that Buell is moving with the hope of heading them off; that such is not the intention; that all of the Confederate Army is in hand and waiting only till ours is split up sufficiently for them to attack.

I send this for what it is worth. This much I know to be true, that there is a division of the Confederate Army under Van Dorn and Price at Fulton, and have cavalry pickets 12 miles this side.

Very respectfully,

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General MORGAN, Williamsburg, Ky.:

(Or wherever his headquarters may be about Cumberland Gap.)

General Buell desires to know what you propose to do and where you are going to concentrate your troops?

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 24. In Camp, June 15, 1862.

I. Until further orders but three Sibley tents will be allowed for the men of each company and one wall or Sibley for the company officers; one of the company tents to be taken for hospital purpose whenever the hospital tents are found insufficient for the sick. All surplus tents will be at turned in to the division quartermaster, to be by him turned in to the nearest depot quartermaster.

II. Nothing whatever will be carried in the ambulances but their

regular furniture and the sick except the surgical instruments, and, when thought best by the surgeon, the field medicine knapsack.

III. Division commanders will have a thorough and complete inspection made of every regiment, company, and man, to see that these orders and those heretofore published fixing the personal outfit of the soldiers are strictly complied with, and to see also that all unauthorized persons are excluded from the command.

IV. All quartermasters are required to march with their trains, and will remain habitually just in rear of them. Whenever the wagons stop they will move promptly along to the front of their own trains, ascertain the difficulty, and the quartermaster in whose train it is found will take prompt and energetic measures to remove it. If a wagon is so broken as to be likely to cause any considerable delay the remainder of the train will pass it, the damaged wagon being removed from the

