
be sent to Winchester as soon as it can be collected and put under escort.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

DECHERD, August 2, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch explaining that Nelson is moving on McMinnville and that I may have to support him with a brigade is just received. That the commanding general may understand fully the disposition of the forces of my division it is well to suggest that I have but one brigade, one battery, and two companies of cavalry here. The Twentieth Brigade was left at Mooresville and a battery. Two regiments were sent to Wartrace and two companies of cavalry to Shelbyville. I sent a regiment to Manchester at the earnest request of General Smith, who considered his position dangerous, and a regiment to Duck River Bridge by order of the commanding general. The orders will be promptly obeyed.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 2, 1862.

General WOOD, Dechered:

I have ordered the concentration of Buckley's brigade at Cowan immediately. If it should be necessary to send other troops to Manchester they must come from those you have at Wartrace and Duck River.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 2, 1862.

General WOOD, Dechered:

Wagner is ordered to march and reach Tullahoma by 9 o'clock

to-morrow morning, and his brigade must be used for Smith and Nelson if they want aid. Are you not mistaken about Wagner having a battery? One of yours is with Harker, one with you, and I thought the other with Nelson. Answer, as another is ordered to you

to-morrow, and will march if you have three.

JAMES B. FRY.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Near Stevenson, Ala.,August 2, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit, for the information of the general commanding the Army of the Ohio, a statement of the progress of the defenses upon which my command is now engaged.

1st. A redoubt on an eminence commanding the village and supply depot and the approaches thereto. This work is 50 yards square, with a command of 14 feet, having counterscarp galleries for defense of ditches. I herewith inclose a profile of the front, which will show that a great amount of labor will be required to complete it. The soil is very hard, requiring the continual use of the pick.

