
2d. A stockade 60 feet square near the depot. In addition to this I propose to barricade and make fire-proof a brick building containing ammunition, besides putting up two small stockades at the diagonal corners of the commissary depot, which will perfectly flank all the stores and supplies. I would remark that the minor works would have been completed but for the want of tools to work with, which were sent for at the commencement but have not all arrived yet. I need carts and wheelbarrows, which are not to be had, and am now using hand-barrows.

I shall push everything as rapidly as possible, but would respectfully remind the general commanding that a work of such dimension as the redoubt will require some days with my present force.

The general commanding directs me to work night and day. This I am doing, but would respectfully submit that the small force now at my command can be worked to better advantage during the day. As it will take several days to accomplish this work, I believe if men are required to work at night less will be accomplished in the end.

I would respectfully state that having but three small regiments, two companies of which are on duty as provost guards, one company guarding a bridge, and one on duty guarding commissary cattle, it requires four companies for picket duty, besides the necessary camp guards. The effective working force of my command is therefore comparatively small. I have impressed all the negroes within a circle of 5 or 6 miles out, but got only about 40.

I would remark that this is a poor section of country, containing but few negroes. I could work 300 more to advantage.

If the general commanding will permit me I can send some miles west on the railroad and get as many negroes as may be required, which will greatly facilitate the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, August 2, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Last night a guerrilla force, near 300, encamped 7 miles south of this; burned a quantity of cotton on the pike; are now carrying off every Union man. Early this morning I sent all the cavalry - one small company - toward Mount Pleasant after Anderson's party, near this, but was not aware of so large a force being in the vicinity. I have serious apprehension for the safety of my men. People are running here every hour for assistance. Without cavalry or more than three companies of infantry and only rifled cannon, I am unable to follow or chastise the enemy. The influence of this raid upon the public mind is very serious. A general uprising has taken place,and I fear the destruction of the railroad. Bridges are weak. Nothing shall be omitted on our part to hold them safe.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 121. Huntsville, August 2, 1862.

* * * * * *

V. Captain Gilbert, First Unites States Infantry, acting inspector-

