
general, will proceed along the railroad via Athens and Nashville to Louisville to inspect the defensive arrangements of the bridges, trestles, water tanks, and the like. He will fix the site and determine the plan of the stockades, and his directions in regard to them will be complied with and carried out by all the officers and men in this command. From Louisville Captain Gillbert will return to Nashville and proceed to Murfreesborough in line manner, and then rejoin these headquarters via Athens, inspecting the stockades as he returns.

The railroad superintendent will furnish Captain Gilbert a special train or run the regular passenger train to suit this duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, August 2,[1862].

Major-General BUELL:

Colonel Cranor, Fortieth Ohio, and Big Sandy, says Jenkins' cavalry and others threaten raid in Southeast Kentucky. There is no doubt of considerable force in Macon, Smith, Overton, and White Counties, and that another raid in greater force is intended to be made. General Morgan telegraphs again to-day that he believe they purpose to invade the State. Colonel Bruce telegraphs that their scouts were in Scottsville last night. If McMinnville and Sparta were taken we could have relief from this raid. I have not force to repel. I can hold one or two of the important points. The Ohio troops have all returned home.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 2, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Can Captain Andrews' company, formerly at the mouth of Salt River, be spared for Cumberland Gap? If so, send it to General Morgan. Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, [August] 2, [1862].

Major-General BUELL:

Andrews' battery has never been mounted and equipped; they still garrison West Point and unfit to send. I have ordered them to be mounted, but will need them here. Another raid in greater force is threatened and several thousand men are on the border now. I have no force to repel them and I can only hold important points. I shall call for ninety-days' men and look to the State to pay. General Morgan has now thirty-seven pieces of artillery.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

