
TULLAHOMA, August 3, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

Arrived here after a march of thirty-six hours from Murfreesborough. Enemy are 13 miles hence, with two roads to retreat on, one directly across the mountain, the other on Sparta. That to Sparta is by this time blocked up by General Johnson. The railroad wants but two days labor to put in complete order.

I march to-morrow in pursuit and will not stop till I drive the enemy across the mountain. I marched by way of Woodbury; Johnson by way of Liberty.

NELSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 3, 1862.

Colonel C. G. HARKER,Commanding United States Forces, Stevenson, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of August 2 I am directed by the general commanding to say that you are authorized to send out and get the negroes you want. Your own men need by worked but in the day-time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 3, 1862.

Major MURRAY, Athens:

Trains at Reynolds' Station are to move from there to Dechered via Fayetteville and Winchester. See that a squadron escort them. The trains at Athens must also go to Dechered, moving by Madison Cross-Roads, Hazel Green, and Salem. One company will do for their escort. Furnish these escorts promptly when called for. The trains should start to-morrow. Acknowledge receipt of this.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 3, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Colonel Starkweather has been notified to hold his regiment in readiness at all times to move for service, and to keep on hand full complement of ammunition and three days' cooked rations. Warn the rest of your command in like manner, including Twenty-first Ohio and Seventeenth Kentucky.

JAMES B. FRY.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 3, 1862.

General NELSON:

It is said that Bragg crossed the river at Chattanooga about the 30th with a large force. He has certainly been repairing the Anderson road. He may design to march against Battle Creek and Decherd or in less

