HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 4, 1862.

General ROSECRANS, Corinth:

The officers in command at Decatur wants to be re-enforced. I have need of every man I have. My recent dispatch to Grant gives quite briefly the reasons why it is desirable to occupy that line if it can be done without too heavy cost. The abandonment of it would embarrass me very much.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 4, 1862.

Captain BRIGHT, Stevenson:

It is reported that your stores are out, exposed to the weather. Why is this? They must be protected and taken care of in the best and most economical manner. Not a thing must be wasted.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, August 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY;

Major-General Nelson is at McMinnville. He directs me to communicate the following statement to Major-General Buell:

George Pratt states that he is from the State of New York; went from there to Greenville, S. C., two years ago, and from there to Rome, Ga.; is a machinist and cotton manufacturer; worked the machine-shop at Rome; went from there to Chattanooga on the 13th of last May; worked there in erection of large rolling-mill; left there last Tuesday; crossed the river at the ferry at Chattanooga on a pass from the provost-marshal to cross the river. He intended at the time to leave the place permanently for the North, but did not so state. Brought away only a small carpet-sack of wearing apparel. Went up the valley about 2 1/2 miles and crossed into the Sequatchie Valley; followed the valley a short distance and crossed over the Cumberland Mountains about 12 miles from this place, 61 miles in all, being, the thinks, the usually traveled road. Was not stopped by any pickets; met several parties going in the direction of Chattanooga, whom he supposed to join the Confederate Army. There is a large concentration of rebel troops, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, encamped regularly, with full equipments of arms and camp equipage, between Chattanooga and Shell Mound, along the line of the railroad, estimated as high as 60,000, said to be under the command of Bragg. Large numbers of army wagons had arrived recently, and they were cleaning and repairing all the boats they could collect, with the intention, as was supposed, of crossing the river and advancing in this direction. The prisoner states that he left Chattanooga at the first favorable opportunity for the purpose of getting beyond the jurisdiction of the Confederate Government. Is a married man; fifty-two years of age; left his wife, a Northern woman, in Chattanooga, expecting her to join him in Nashville, supposing she would have no difficulty in getting permission to pass through the lines. The concentration of troops at Chattanooga has been going on for the months.

