
road if necessary and falling in the column as soon as practicable. The wheels will only be locked when that precaution is rendered actually necessary by the ground at the foot of it. Down gentle slopes at the foot of it. Down gentle slopes, where the ground is smooth in advance, the wheels will not be locked; the animals will be permitted to increase the gait a little to keep out of the way of the wagon, and the train will close up in this way. Many trifling stoppages are observed to lock wheels unnecessarily and apparently that teamsters may in various ways humor their fancies or whims. These cause serious delays in long columns. They must be entirely discontinued, and it is the duty of the quartermaster especially, but also of all general staff officers, to see to the execution of this requirement.

V. The attention of division and brigade commanders is called to General Orders, Numbers 11, from these headquarters, dated December 5, 1861, directing the order of march for troops in this army, especially that part prescribing column by section or platoon at half distance. This order of march is most comfortable for the soldier and advantageous to the service. When the column is moving on a dusty road at a safe distance from the enemy the platoon or section may move at full distance.

VI. The general commanding desires on the part of officers a rigid enforcement of orders concerning the manner of conducting marches. By General Orders, Numbers 13, of February 26, 1862, from these headquarters, officers and soldiers are forbidden to enter the residences or grounds of citizens on any plea whatever. All violations of this order must be promptly noticed and punished. Medical officers are especially enjoined to exercise a rigid discrimination in deciding between the sickness. The formed must be promptly provided for by the medical officers. These matters must have the direct supervision and attention of the officers concerned.

VII. Before marching the troops will be regularly formed and the rolls called and the troops will move off by music. They will march into camp by music, and before dismissal the rolls will be again called and absentees not properly accounted for will be regarded as stragglers, and, besides being amenable to trial and punishment, will be detailed for the earliest fatigue duty.

By command of Major-General Buell.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Pope reports that it is almost absolutely certain that no part of Beauregard's force has gone east. All parties concur in the statement that his main army is at Okolona, Overton, and Columb, with an army corps at Fulton for the double purpose of protecting their flank and threatening our line at tuscumbia and Decatur. Should our forces be too much weakened here by detachment I have no doubt Beauregard would immediately march back and attack us. The weather is intensely hot. Our troops generally encamp in the woods, and march only in the morning and late in the evening. Nevertheless, their suffering from the heat is very great. Mobile and Ohio road

