
&amp;c. You need not keep any of your troops at Reynolds' Station. Report by telegraph to General Negley at Columbia when the battalion starts and name of commander. Acknowledge receipt of this.

JAMES B. FRY.

COLUMBIA, August 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Yesterday was informed of a concentration of guerrillas at Williamsport, 12 miles west. Started in the evening with one company of infantry, one of cavalry, and a section of artillery to surprise them. Found about 150 of them in the neighborhood. Drove in their pickets; captured a noted fellow. They scattered in every direction. Crossed the river and pursued Cooper's and Anderson's party for 3 miles. The darkness enabled them to escape. There was a force of over 200 at Kinderhook yesterday evening. Kinderhook is 7 miles east of Williamsport, on the Nashville road.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 4, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Report how you have posted the Seventy-fourth Ohio. If Wolford's cavalry have not gone to Murfreesborough order them there at once, keeping two companies, however, at Columbia. Konkle's battery must march with it to Murfreesborough, except one section, which you will keep at Columbia for the present. Four companies Third Kentucky Cavalry are ordered from Athens to Pulaski, and will be temporarily under your command. The order to be in readiness applies to all your troops not actually bridge guards, and even these may be called and must be ready to join their regiments. Use to force at your disposal to operate actively against any bands on your line and try and destroy and disperse them while your troops are not required for other service. You must remain at Columbia for the present, but be ready to move. I cannot the exact distribution of it at this time. Is there still a company of Wolford's cavalry at Franklin? Report promptly your action on all requirements of this order. Your dispatch reporting dispersion of guerrillas was received.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

COLUMBIA, August 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The Seventy-fourth Ohio posted as follows: One platoon at Brown's Creek, 2 miles from Nashville; one plantoon at Little Harpeth River; one platoon at Spencer Creek, headquarters of regiment, and two companies at Harpeth River, near Franklin; one plantoon at West Harpeth River; three companies at Carter's Creek, to be posted midway between the bridges numbered 1-5 in schedule, with guards at East Bridge; two companies on Rutherford Creek, to guard the four bridges on said creek,

