
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville, Ala.:

General Sherman cannot be spared to command the proposed district. Can you not designate some one from your command? There is great dissatisfaction here at the slow movement of your army toward Chattanooga. It is feared that the enemy will have time to concentrate his entire army against you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 6, 1862-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief:

I would rather leave General Boyle in command of the proposed district for the present than to take another officer from any active force, and for the present I think he would do, though it would be desirable, if possible, to have an officer of more military knowledge and experience. He is zealous and active and not without ability.

It is difficult to satisfy impatience, and when it proceeds from anxiety, as I know it does in this case, I am not disposed to complain of it. My advance has not been rapid, under the circumstances. I know I have not been idle nor indifferent. Our lines of communication have been constantly beset by a vastly superior cavalry force. They have been twice seriously broken in that way just as they were finished. The army could not be sustained in its present position, much less advanced, until they were made secure. We have therefore found it necessary to fortify every bridge over more than 300 miles of road. This cold only be done with safety by distributing a large force along the road until the works were complete. They will be done this week, and I am already concentrating the troops again. The Nashville and Decatur road is finished and the first train came through yesterday. Both roads are now open. As to any effect our rate of movement will have on the force we ar to meet it amounts to nothing. The enemy will meet us with what force he can spare for the object, and his facilities enable him always to move more rapidly than we possibly can. If I could have reached Chattanooga in two weeks I should probably have met the same force as now. I will telegraph you further to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

You will procure from the United States marshal at Nashville any tools in his charge which you may find necessary for Government purposes on the railroads under your superintendence.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

Mr. BRUCH, Nashville:

Push the line beyond Manchester as fast as the working party on railroad advances.

JAMES B. FRY.

