HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

Colonel W. W. DUFFIELD,Ninth Michigan Volunteers, Murfreesborough:

SIR: Your letter of the 31st ultimo, complaining of General Orders, No. 32, from these headquarters, and asking for a court of inquiry in your own case, has been received. The order of which you complain is a denunciation in general terms of the part taken by our troops in the affair at Murfreesborough, and in this respect the general commanding sees no reason to quality it. He will, however, be glad to learn that individual officers or soldiers can withdraw themselves from the disgrace which the affair as a whole has cast upon our arms, and will therefore grant you a court of inquiry whenever you may deem yourself able to appear before it.

Your statement in regard to the cavalry does not agree with that of others, Genera T. T. Crittenden included, who reports the presence of part of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Seibert, and that a scout from that command returned to Murfreesborough at 4.30 a.m. on the 13th. This, however, is not material in your case.

Your official report of the affair of the 13th ultimo has been received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

Yes, send out your men; try to learn something about Chattanooga. Pay liberally any man who can tell you what is actually going on. Can't you secure the services of one who is in their confidence?

D. C. BUELL.

BATTLE CREEK, August 6, 1862.

General BUELL:

I have reliable news from Pikeville. None of the enemy passed or in the Sequatchie Valley. Howard's regiment want to back on Saturday to Chattanooga. The man I sent is a preacher, and left 4 miles beyond Dunlap on Monday night. I have now 3 men out, 2 on this side and 1 on the other of the Tennessee; they are ordered to watch the river between Chattanooga and Harrison, &amp;c. Will do my best.

McCOOK,General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

Major-General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

The general wishes division reports. The call upon you this morning was for special object, to get the latest report possible, to make up report of the army.

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Aide-de-Camp.

