HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

Captain MORTON, on Chattanooga Road:

Go at once to Nashville and select sites and give plans and instructions for redoubts to protect the city. For the present I only propose to throw up small works to hold from four to six companies and from two to four pieces of artillery. They should be in the edge of the city, to command the principal thoroughfares and other prominent points. They should not be within musket-range of houses that could be used to fire into them. They should have easy communication with the city. See Governor Johnson, and if he approves, devise some defenses also around the capitol; devise also some defenses for the bridge. These works must all be practical and as simple as possible in the beginning, so that they can be constructed with the greatest promptness and occupied immediately by a small force. They can then be elaborated and made more formidable. Start the works at once, the most important first. The commanding officer will call in slave labor on it. Look to your bridge defenses at the same time. I shall want you here in a very few days.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August, 6, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

General Cruft, at Manchester, reports a large force of guerrillas at Lewisburg, Marshall County. Send Wolford's cavalry and the artillery to Murfreesborough through that place, with orders to destroy the guerrillas if they can be found. Let the companies with you go with the regiment to Lewisburg and return to you when the affair there is settled. They must be careful and not expose the artillery to loss. Let them act promptly and secretly.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

COLUMBIA, August 6, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Yesterday between 400 and 500 guerrillas were near Kinkderhook. If the First Kentucky Cavalry can be used against them, dividing the force so as to attack them at several points simultaneously, they could possibly be surprised.

JAS. S. NEGLEY.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Wolford's cavalry is to look after a large guerrilla party reported at Lewisburg, Marshall County, and cannot go to Kinderhook. There is no more cavalry to send you.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

