
paired north to Humboldt. Memphis and Charleston Railroad repaired from Corinth east to near Tuscumbia.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR TUSCUMBIA, June 16, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The subject of a guard for the road from Decatur to Corinth has no doubt received your attention. It ought to be going into position at once, so as to replace Nelson at Bear Creek by day after to-morrow and Wood at Tuscumbia by the 20th. These troops will be easily supplied from Eastport in healthy localities and within easy distance of Corinth. I should think a whole brigade could be advantageously stationed that way, but in case of necessity it could be greatly recused. It seems to me quite clear that Eastport is the point for a depot for all that part of the road as long as long as water transportation fails up to this point.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 16, 1862.

General HALLECK:

A portion of General Wood's force is at Town Creek, 15 miles beyond Tuscumbia, and have commenced work on the bridge, which is represented as being as heavy a work as the Bear Creek Bridge. I have directed the telegraph to be repaired to that point, but there is no operator to go with it. I have no operator at my headquarters, and there is only one this side of corinth, and he at Tuscumbia. There ought to be one with every division. The bridge at Tuscumbia is short but high, and will require ten days' more work.

Please establish regular mail communication with us.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, June 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

There is an operator at Tuscumbia; we have no other to send you. we can give you very little transportation by railroad from here until locomotives from Decatur, Florence, or columbus are brought in. Until we get material from Saint Louis, we cannot put any more of the burnt locomotives captured on the road in running order.

The road to Memphis and from Humboldt to Columbus is so seriously injured that our hope of first getting rolling stock must be Florence or Decatur.

You must not expect too much from the four half-repaired locomotives we now have running. These are necessarily used for transporting men and material to repair bridges and telegraph line east, west, and north.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Major Smith and his telegraph corps are on the road between Humboldt

