
The cipher that has been sent me is certainly obscure enough, but when taken in connection with the lucid explanation that accompanies it is perfection itself. We have all tried to make something out of it, but have failed. General Johnson and the others have received theirs. The combined intellect of the division is still at fault. Accident may help us; I am afraid nothing else will.

The health of the command is excellent and we are anxious to meet the rebels.

Very respectfully,

W. NELSON,

Major-General.

P. S.-A number of desertions have occurred of late. Something should be done relative thereto.

MURFREESBOROUGH, August 6,[1862].

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Movement of troops hereabouts are as follows: Colonel Stokes arrived here this morning with squadron First Tennessee Cavalry; General J. S. Jackson was at Liberty, De Kalb County, on night of 3d, and writes that he will stay several days. Lewisburg, Marshall County, was occupied on Friday by about 700 guerrillas, who are openly recruiting and drilling there. N. A. Stamper gives reliable information of this. Lewisburg is 21 miles by pike from Shellbyville and about 25 from Reynolds' Station, or Columbia.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., August 6, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Division:

SIR: The information upon which my apprehension of a movement of the enemy in force through the mountains was based was contained in a telegram from General Buell which I received day before yesterday, which stated that it had been reported that Bragg had crossed at Chattanooga in heavy force, about the 30th ultimo, to attack our troops at Battle Creek or to move through the mountains and down upon Nashville. The telegram was accompanied by a dispatch to General Nelson, conveying the same intelligence to him. I forwarded Nelson's dispatch to him by two parties, sent by different routes.

A spy sent out by me with instructions to go up to Altamont returned last night with the information which I herewith inclose. He heard nothing of the movements of any heavy force through the mountains, and yet such movement may be in progress. He says that Mayfield and Shed dwelt particularly upon their intention to destroy our railroad. Elk River and Duck River must be carefully watched; also Wartrace.

I have sent a company of cavalry to Hillsborough to watch the Hubbard's Cove road. It will return to-day. I can concentrate 500 cavalry effective. If you and General Wood can add a similar number of cavalry or mounted infantry we can send the force so organized well up

