
into the mountains to break up small parties of guerrillas and bring back information.

Very truly,

W. S. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, August 6, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

I am a member of the Kentucky senate. It meets in called session the 14th. Send me leave of absence for this purpose. I got there this evening and leave for Murfreesborough in the morning at 5. Please answer.

WHITAKER,

Colonel.

LOUISVILLE, August 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I have received dispatch from Glasgow, saying 300 rebels were in Metcalfe County, 25 miles off. I have just received the following dispatch:

CINCINNATI.

General BOYLE:

DEAR SIR: Two young gentleman, who are indorsed as respectable and reliable by Judge Trigg and Mr. Borton, refugees from East Tennessee, have just arrived here from Knoxville,and report a force of about 25,000 and about 5,000 to 7,000 cavalry there, independent of the forces at Chattanooga. The rebels have impressed into their service all the serviceable wagons and harness and good horses, and a demonstration is freely talked of on Kentucky soon. These troops are partly from Georgia and South Carolina. These gentleman also report that east of Cumberland Gap there are several place through which these forces, if they choose, may come, as they are undefended. They believe from what they heard and saw that this raid will be made within the next two weeks. We send this for your consideration, knowing you will give it the attention it merits.

Yours,&amp;c.,

OLIVER ORMSBY,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Indiana Legion.

T. P. SAUNDERS,

Propier Burnet House.

J. T. BOYLE,

General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 6, 1862-10.55 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Everything is quiet excepting on the Cumberland River. It is reported that 300 rebels are at Monroe or Metcalfe County. Dispatch from Cincinnati states that two men, known to Judge Trigg to be reliable, from Knoxville, state there are 25,000 rebel troops at that place with declared purpose to invade Kentucky, besides the large force at Chattanooga to defend that place. They are gathering up and pressing all the wagons of the country. General Morgan telegraphed me to same effect several days ago. I then informed General Buell, as I have to-day. They can enter Kentucky in several places - by Whitley County,

