
through Pulaski County, through Clark by Mill Springs, or through Burkesville or Tompkinsville. None of the passes are defended. The raw recruits I had from Ohio are withdrawn. The Eleventh Michigan was ordered to Nashville. I have not 2,500 effective men besides my new recruits, only 1,200 of which are armed. My forces are scattered, to protect railroads and to suppress rebels in locations in the State.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 6, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Arms have been sent you to Louisville for two regiments of cavalry, to wit: Pistols and sabers for one regiment, carbines and sabers for the other regiment. Please inform me immediately whether you have not received them and what has become of them that you are asking for more. They were sent to Captain Edson, ordnance department, and you have yourself mentioned their arrival, and object to the quality of the carbines, which were the best and only ones that could be sent. You will please therefore report immediately the number of arms you have received and their description, and also what further number you need and of what description.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 39. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., August 6, 1862.

I. By a general court-martial, which convened at Athens, Ala., on the 7th day of July, 1862, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 93, of July 5, 1862, and which was adjourned to Huntsville, Ala., by Special Orders, No. 108, of July 20, 1862, from the Headquarters Army of Ohio, and of which Brigadier General J. A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers, of the Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers:

CHARGE 1.-Neglect of duty, to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification.- In this, that the said Colonel J. B. Turching, of the Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, being in command of the Eighth Brigade, Army of the Ohio, did, on or about the 2nd day of May, 1862, march the said brigade into the town of Athens, State of Alabama, and having and the arms of the regiment stacked in the streets did allow his command to disperse, and in his presence or with his knowledge and that of his officers to plunder and pillage the inhabitants of said town and of the country adjacent thereto, without taking adequate steps to restrain them.

Among the incidents of said plundering and pillaging are the following:

A party entered the dwelling of Milly Ann Clayton and opened all the trunks, drawers, and boxes of every description, and taking out the contents thereof,consisting of wearing apparel and bed-clothes, destroyed, spoiled, or carried away the same. They also insulted the said Milly Ann Clayton and threatened to shoot her, and then proceeding

18 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

