
Specification 2.-In this, that the, the said Colonel J. B. Turchin, Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, commanding Eight Brigade, did permit of did fail to make any reasonable and proper effort to prevent the disgraceful behavior of the troops under his command, set forth in the specification to the first charge. This at Athens, Ala., on or about the 2nd day of May, 1862.

CHARGE 3.-Disobedience of orders.

Specification 1.-In this, that he, the said Colonel J. B. Turchin, Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, in contravention of Orders, No. 13a, from the Headquarters of the Department of the Ohio, in the following terms, to wit, "Peaceful citizens are not be molested in their persons or property; any wrongs to either are to be promptly corrected, and the offenders brought to punishment," did, on or about the 2nd day of May, 1862, march his brigade into the town of Athens, in the State of Alabama, and having had the arms of the regiments stacked in the streets, did permit his men to disperse and leave the ranks and colors and molest peaceable citizens in their persons and property, as shown in the specification to charge 1, above, and did fail to correct these wrongs or bring the offenders to punishment.

Specification 2.-In this, that he, the said Colonel J. B. Turchin, Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, commanding Eighth Brigade, Army of the Ohio, while occupying with said brigade the town of Athens, State of Alabama, in contravention of General Orders, No. 13a, from the Headquarters of the Department of the Ohio, in the following terms, to wit, "If the necessities of the public service should require the use of private property for public services fair compensation is to be allowed," did, on or about the 2nd day of May, 1862, permit the officers and soldiers of his command to take provisions, forage, and other private property from the citizens of said town and country around the same for public services, and did fail to have fair compensation allowed to the owners of said property,either by money or by official vouchers in due from.

Specification 3.-In this, that he, the said Colonel J.b. Turchin, Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, commanding Eighth Brigade, Army of the Ohio, while occupying the town of Athens, Ala., with said brigade, in contravention of the spirit of General Orders, No. 13a, from the Headquarters Department of the Ohio, did, on or about the 2nd day of May, 1862, without adequate necessity, cause to be taken from the inhabitants of the town of Athens, Ala., and the surrounding country provisions, forage and draught animals.

Specification 4.-In this, that, he said Colonel J. B. Turching, Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, commanding Eight Brigade, Army of the Ohio, in contravention of General Orders, No. 4, from the Headquarters of the Department of the Ohio, in the following terms, to wit, "No woman, whether wives of officers or soldiers, will be permitted to remain in camp or accompany the troops in the field," did, on or about the 10th day of May, 1862, permit his own wife to be with him in the town of Athens, Ala., and to accompany him to and from the same, while serving with the troops of said brigade in the field.

To which the accused pleaded as follows:

To the specification to the FIRST CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the FIRST CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the first specification to the SECOND CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the second specification to the SECOND CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the SECOND CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the first specification to the THIRD CHARGE, Not guilty.

To the second specification to the THIRD CHARGE, Not guilty

