
a few days. Up to that time the mechanics had been working on roads. The bridge will be 1,400 yards long. Though there seems no room to doubt that a large force has been moving into East Tennessee yet I am prepared to find the reports much more exaggerated than I have supposed, and I shall march upon Chattanooga at the earliest possible day, unless I ascertain certainly that the enemy's strength renders it imprudent. If, on the other hand, he should cross the river I shall attack him, and I do not that we shall defeat him. I expected Morgan to reach the railroad while we are occupied here.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 7, 1862.

Captain BINHAM, Quartermaster, Nashville:

Commence at once and have the horses reported in your telegram of this date properly shod; let the work go on day and night. Two hundred of Colonel Kennett's cavalry start on train to-morrow with equipments to get the horses, and will make a scout with them on the way down. Have the animals shod and give each man one or two extra shoes and some nails. Make it a rule to shoe horses as fast as they come to you.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August [7 or 8], 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your telegram received. I have ordered 200 horses to be sent from here immediately to Captain Gaubert at Reynolds', to be forwarded by him to Huntsville, Ala. I have also requested Colonel Swords to send me 300 immediately and to forward the 5,000 as soon as he can. I have seen Captain Macfeely in relation to forwarding subsistence stores. He reports he forwards all stores when received and only keeps enough on hand for issues here. I send all forage that arrives as soon as can be loaded on cars, and keep enough for issues here only when I cannot purchase it. I have directed quartermasters at points along railroad to by all the forage they can, in order no to draw from here until I can supply your demands.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 7, 1862.

General CRITTENDEN, Battle Creek:

Please answer my telegram asking the result of Lieutenant-Colonel Love's search for absentes. I want to determine whether it is well to send others on similar missions.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 7, 1862.

GeneraL CRUFT, Murfreesborough:

Is the Second Kentucky at Murfreesborough? If so, it is the regiment

