
and Union City. Operations and instruments have been sent for, but till they arrive I have neither to send you.

You have an instrument, and undoubtedly an operator for temporary purposes can be found in your command. A mail will be sent daily to tuscumbia Bridge as soon as a locomotive can be fitted up. Your force must guard the road from Bear Creek to Decatur till other arrangements can be made. I have information, apparently reliable that no part of Beauregard's army has gone south or east. He is watching to attack us if too much divided. The telegraphic corps and the rolling stock of railroad will be increased as rapidly as possible. We must wait for some indispensable articles which have been ordered.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In Camp, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs me to say that depredations have been committed by the Second Indiana Cavalry on the premises and property of Mr. Carnay, the man who guided you yesterday from South Florence to your present camp. The general directs that you send an officer to inquire into the matter, to have Mr. Carnay paid for what he has lost by these depredations, and that you submit a full report of the facts, calling upon Colonel McCook for explanation. They have taken Mr. C.'s corn and otherwise misbehaved. The general desires the most thorough investigation into this matter, with a view to punishing the guilty and stooping this marauding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862-7 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

It has come to the knowledge of General Buell that the working parties under Captain Morton are not well regulated. He therefore directs that you have two details for each day, the first to work from 6 a. m. to 12 m. and the second from 12 m. to 6 p. m., each of these details to be divided into two reliefs. the details must be regularly formed under their officers, marched to their work at the hours designated (6 a. m. for the first and 12 m. for the second), and reported to the officer in charge of the work, and must be kept faithfully at their work during the time.

All this is necessary to accomplish speedily the object in view, and you are desired to see carefully to it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

