
subject the offender to arrest and expulsion from the lines of this army, and the property purchased will be seized as the result of contraband trade and disposed of for the benefit of the Government.

United States Treasury notes are by act of Congress a legal tender, and they are to be so recognized by all persons whomsoever. All persons in this district are required to report to these headquarters any violation of this order which may come to their knowledge.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 126. Huntsville, August 7, 1862.

I. Each train that in future passes over the Chattanooga Railroad will have a guard of 40 men; 40 men going from Nashville to Murfreesborough and back from there on next train; 40 men from Murfreesborough to Decherd and back, and 40 men from Decherd to Stevenson and back.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, August 7, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Since dispatch of yesterday one of my most trusty spies had returned from Cumberland border with information that the enemy have at Carthage, Sparta, and Livingston about 6,000 to 7,000 men. They have cut and opened new road from Livingston to Tompkinsville. Their purpose is to break the railroad and hold for day or two. I think they will come in by pass above, probably by Mill Springs and Somerset. I can bring at Lebanon or Columbia and at Glasgow about 4,000 men or near it. Shall I divide them at those points?

J. T. BOYLE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 7, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Gap:

Your plan of operations for advancing into East Tennessee appears to be suitable. Be prepared to move as soon as you can; the time cannot be appointed now. Accumulate supplies with all possible rapidity, as your communications are liable to be interrupted at any time. You speak of expecting a large number of men from East Tennessee. Does their joining you depend on your advance or not? Have they any organization; if not, have you any plans to render them useful promptly?

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland Gap, August 7, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

On the 3rd instant John H. Morgan left Knoxville with 2,000 men,

