
and it is believed for Kentucky and by his former route. The enemy is concentrating troops at Knoxville and along the line of the Clinch River and Mountain. At Blain's Cross-Roads he has nineteen regiments of infantry, with artillery and cavalry at Knoxville; fifteen regiments in and about the Gap; in the Clinch Mountain two or three brigades. This is reliable. Every effort will be made to regain this place, but it will be operating in my rear. I believe that Beauregard's Corinth army is being transferred to East Tennessee and Kentucky.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville, Ala.:

Two divisions of General Grant's army will be placed so that they can re-enforce you if necessary, and he is ordered to turn them over to your command if you absolutely require. Do not ask for them if you can avoid it with safety. If you want supplies of any kind which the country affords take them on forced requisitions, causing receipts in all cases to be given, the payment or non-payment to be determined on hereafter.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General GRANT, Corinth:

General Halleck informs me you will answer my requisition for two divisions if necessary. Whose will they be and where?

D. C. BUELL,Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

We acting under impression that there will be a vacancy in the office of provost-marshal of Nashville. We hope that Colonel Gillem will be at once appointed to fill such vacancy. He has a regiment as well if not better disciplined than any that would be convenient to take that position at this time. We are free to say that change and reformation of office of provost-marshal should be made, and that without delay. We are convinced of former abuses having transpired in that office. We are equally convinced that they are now transpiring.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fifth Division:

SIR: The report of Colonel S. P. Love, Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers, of his trip north to bring back absentees has been received. I have the

