
hold out. The Eighteenth Ohio must guard Duck River Bridge and Elk River Bridge, and the troops at Murfreesborough must guard the bridges next above and below and at Murfreesborough, so that the Twenty-fourth will not be posted at these points, and will, I think, reach to Nashville.

The general wishes you to make this your first duty. Order the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania to Nashville. Answer.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Major SIDELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Requisitions have been forwarded for a complete supply of Springfield or Enfield rifles and accouterments for the companies (180 men) of the Alabama Volunteers. Direct the ordnance officer to forward them without delay.

J. M. WRIGHT.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Headquarters, Nashville:

Let Colonel Campbell send on his resignation without conditions and it may be accepted; otherwise put him in arrest at once.

Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Hambright, is ordered to Nashville and will be there in a few days. Put it as provost guard and put Sixty-ninth in camp out of town; better put it with Gillem's regiment and let him command the whole camp. Order ordnance officer to issue artillery supplies for Thomas' division on requisitions approved by him.

JAMES B. FRY.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Colonel STARKWEATHER, Mooresville:

It is reported that a body of the enemy's cavalry was encamped yesterday at 2 p.m. on Indian Creek, just north of the road from Triune to Whitesburg. If they are still there they can be surprised. A column of cavalry and infantry in wagons will go from here by the Triune road 8 miles and then turn to the left to reach the enemy's camp and attack. Another column will go down the Whitesburg road and turn to the right to near the same point, either to assist in the attack or cut off the retreat.

I wish you to send five or six companies and two pieces of artillery 2 or 3 miles beyond Triune toward Whitesburg for the same object.

This should bring you all within 2 miles of each other, and you should be there at the same time. Get your column ready to start at 7.30 o'clock, and in the mean time I will telegraph you at what hour to be at the place appointed. Let the men take a day's rations, though they ought probably to get back to-night.

The movements must be made with the greatest secrecy and everything done to avoid discovery. Every white man found on the road should be held until the expedition terminates.

D. C. BUELL.

