HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General THOMAS, Decherd,General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

General Morgan thinks our movements have changed the plans of the enemy and that they are moving in the direction of McMinnville.

Get information and be prepared always to move at short notice.

D. C. BUELL.

BATTLE CREEK, August 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

General Bragg left Chattanooga on Wednesday for Knoxville. The greater part of the force here left - infantry and artillery by cars; cavalry marched. They left their tents standing. Offices said that the big fight would come off at Bean's Station, 25 miles above Knoxville.

McCOOK,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General McCOOK, Battle Cree:

Construct redoubts which will command the pass at Battle Creek and be secure with one or two regiments infantry and one or two batteries. What would be a suitable position for them? They must be finished without delay.

D. C. BUELL.

BATTLE CREEK, August 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

It is very hard to get good position for redoubts and have water for the men and animals. I will do my best. The news I sent you this a.m. is confirmed by another source. Their main camp near Knoxville has been at Morristown. They are now moving troops to Bean's Station, on railroad, above Knoxville.

McCOOK,General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General THOMAS, Decherd, Tenn.:

The following movements of cavalry are ordered, viz:

A battalion of the Third Kentucky Cavalry will move from Athens on the morning of the 10th instant, one squadron going by way of Macon Cross-Roads and Hazel Green to a point 3 or 4 miles east of New Market, on the Salem road; the other squadron will go to the same point, moving, however, by the same road farther to the north and passing near Fayeteville.

A battalion of the Third Ohio Cavalry will start on the 10th instant, and one squadron will move up Paint Rock Creek to Larkin's Post-Office;

19 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

