HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON:

The general commanding directs that you march your brigades, commencing to-morrow, with intervals of about 5 miles. Send one battery and one company of cavalry with each brigade and detain the remainder of your cavalry at Bear Creek to come up with your supply train. The wagons (baggage and supply) which you are directed to sent to Eastport it is expected will have returned to-day, bringing about four day's rations and forage. Forward that at once to Tuscumbia by railroad, and start your supply train to eastport for another load, which with what you now have will suffice to take your three brigades to Decatur. Send this also load by rail to tuscumbia and let your train follow days and Decatur in three more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General T. H. WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

General Buell directs that you have 100 wagons from your train ready to cross the river to-morrow and next day. This train will be used on the other side and probably will not join you again for some time.

A train of about 100 wagons is ordered, under Captain Brinkerhoff, quartermaster, to haul supplies from Eastport to Iuka, to be sent to Tuscumbia by rail for the use of yourself and General Nelson. This train will haul until it is ordered by you to stop, and you must then bring it forward to join your division and retain it until further orders. It ought to be at Eastport to-night, but I am not sure it will. It would be well for you to send an intelligent officer by rail to Iuka to inspect and se what the train is doing, its size, &amp;c., as Captain Brinkerhoff has not heretofore shown much activity. He is at Eastport in person.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD:

It will be necessary to establish a temporary hospital in Tuscumbia and it will be done under your direction. There are about 100 sick at Iuka. These must be brought forward to tuscumbia by the cars as soon as practicable, and when your division moves to Decatur the hospital at tuscumbia is to be broken up and the men moved on to Decatur. See General W. S. Smith, and get in possession of a locomotive and some cars to move the sick from Iuka.

General Nelson's attention has been called to this point, and by getting

