
the other squadron going to the same point by the road running north from Larkinsville and then east to Larkin's Fork Post-Office. These two squadrons should camp together the first night; and the next day, unless in pursuit of the enemy, move to a point 3 or 4 miles east to New Market, on the Salem road.

A battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry will move on the morning of the 10th instant for the same point as the above, about 3 or 4 miles from New Market. The object of the move is, first, to destroy guerrillas, and no pains must be spared to accomplish this object. If negroes are found who can act as guides to guerrilla parties or camps they must be used for the purpose and brought in. Second, to produce an effect upon the community, by arresting all men of bad character in the vicinity where General McCook was shot, and let them see such outrages cannot be unnoticed. But to do this in such a way as they will understand it is by authority, and not the acts of individuals, every able-bodied man of suspicious character or suspicious disloyalty or hostility within a circuit of 10 miles around the place where McCook was shot, 3 miles east of New Market, will be arrested and brought to Huntsville; and all horses fit for service within that circuit will be taken by the officer in command and brought in with the men, receipt being given in due form in each case and payment to be determined on hereafter.

When the troops get together near New Market the senior officer will take command, and see that the orders are executed and that the men behave in an orderly and soldierly manner. As soon as the arrests are made the companies of the First Ohio will return to Decherd, and companies of the Third Ohio and Third Kentucky come to this place, with prisoners and horses.

Bushwhackers actually caught in arms should not be leniently dealt with, and the first and most important object is to pursue and destroy them. The general commanding trusts the officers in command to execute this order without permitting plunder or outrages of any kind on the part of the men.

Four days' rations should be taken and forage procured on the road.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General THOMAS, Decherd:

Place the strictest injunctions on the cavalry officers going out to-morrow against committing any outrages whatever. Under no circumstances will they be tolerated. Only suspicious or notoriously disloyal and hostile persons are to be arrested. In taking horses it must be done in such way that orderly persons shall not be deprived of what my be necessary for their ordinary work, and in every case a formal receipt will be given. A quartermaster or acting quartermaster will take charge of every horse so taken and be responsible for him and the commanding officer will see that the horse is accounted for.

D. C. BUELL.

(Same to Colonel Murray, Athens, and Major Murray, Woodville.)

DECHERD, August 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Three hundred wagons are now arriving here from Reynolds' Station.

