
Are they to be sent to their divisions or to remain here? They were attacked three times by guerrillas, but got through safely.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, August 8, 1862.

General THOMAS:

The ammunition is part of a supply intended for a reserve at Decherd. Detail an officer and 2 o 3 men to take charge of it, and have the best house practicable selected for it. There will be a considerable supply. Send General McCook's supply train to him at Battle Creek. Let the others say at Decherd for the present till got in order.

JAMES B. FRY.

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

BATTLE CREEK, August 8, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

Bragg an the greater part of his force has moved to Knoxville; the infantry and artillery by rail; cavalry marched.

Forrest recrossed at Chattanooga on Tuesday, 600 strong. The enemy is supposed to have gone to Bean's Station, 23 miles beyond them.

A. McD. McCOOK.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Decherd, Tenn.,August 8, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM S. SMITH, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Since receiving your communication announcing the threatened attack of the enemy I have learned from 2 men, just from Chattanooga, that troops are leaving Chattanooga for Cleveland or some point beyond. This report has been confirmed by information from other sources. I also heard that three regiments which had crossed the river at Chattanooga returned to the other side as soon as the move east commenced. I think, however, that it is always best to be on our guard. I am sorry that I have so small a cavalry force that I cannot now send a party to co-operate with you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Decherd, Tenn.,August 8, 1862.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

You are directed by Major-General Thomas to detail from your command suitable parties for the impressment of negroes to be found in the vicinity of Decherd, for the purpose of working upon the fortifications

