
in and about this place. In impressing care should be taken to equalize the number in all instances, leaving a sufficient number to do the ordinary business of the farm house.

Give instructions that each negro bring his blanket and every squad of six his cooking utensils. Take the name of each negro, giving a proper receipt to the owner for the same, so that they can be returned to them as soon as the works is completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF THE OHIO, Camp 4 miles beyond Pelham, Tenn., August 8, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: According to your instructions I arrived with my brigade at the foot of the mountains this day. From necessity I had to scatter my brigade, water at no place being sufficient for the whole force.

The country is very poor, and had been scoured by General Wood's division previous to my arrival. I had the cavalry out foraging

to-day, and they report that not a bushel of corn nor a ton of hay can be obtained here. I will have to draw it all from the post quartermaster.

I detached two companies of the Thirty-eighth Ohio as guards for the bridges across Elk River, which is in my rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Gov. DAVID TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

There is reason to apprehend another formidable rain into Kentucky at an early day. I hope you will be prepared to answer General Boyler's application for re-enforcements when made as far as may be in your power. Please inform me what you can do.

D. C. BUELL.

(The same to Governor Morton, of Indianapolis, Ind.)

HUNTSVILLE, August 8, 1862.

ColoneL WHITAKER, Murfreesborough:

You cannot be spared from your regiment.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, August 8, 1862.

Colonel FRY:

Your telegram of the 7th received. Will equip the escort as soon as possible. Have no carbines; the general can probably obtain them by applying directly to the Secretary of War.

T. EDSON,Lieutenant and Ordnance Officer.

