
McMINNVILLE (VIA MURFREESBOROUGH), August 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Second Indiana Cavalry, has just returned from direction of Chattanooga. He has been within 12 miles of Chattanooga. Captured 12 rebels; killed 1. From the current testimony of all the rebels have not crossed the river. Colonel Sprague, with 300 cavalry, crossed a few days since and passed up the Spencer road to join Forrest. Reports place Bragg's force at 30,000. I will send a copy of Colonel Stewart's report by mail. Three of the prisoners were discharged soldiers, and left Tupelo 25th of July, where they report a very large force. Some of the prisoners are bushwhackers, belonging to no organization. Shall I try them by military commission?

W. NELSON,

General.

McMINNVILLE (VIA MANCHESTER), August 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The Second Kentucky Regiment, belonging to Manson's brigade, is guarding the railroad from Nashville to Murfreesborough. The condition of the country is as bad as possible; it is in arms almost to a man. Bragg's army is expected by the people and our extinction to follow. They are behaving accordingly. Three wagons have been cut off close to camp; patrol fired on, 4 killed; 2 sentries shot. Forrest between here and Sparta with 2,500 to 3,000 men. Three regiments of infantry expected to re-enforce. I ordered Colonel Hazen to Liberty, where I intended to send General Johnson with cavalry and artillery to meet him, and for him to move on Sparta by that road. I sent a regiment of cavalry and artillery to meet him and for him to move on Sparta by that road. I sent a regiment of cavalry yesterday to Caney Fork to attract Forrest's attention, and intended, as soon as Johnson was in position, to move myself and envelop him.

There would still have been 1,800 men at Murfreesborough after Hazen had marched. I have sent 200 cavalry down the Chattanooga road to gain news of the enemy. I solicit instructions.

W. NELSON,

General.

LOUISVILLE, August 8, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

General Morgan telegraphs from the Gap that 1,500 rebel infantry are on Cumberland Mountain, at head of Cumberland River, moving for Kentucky. This may be true.

Morgan has a considerable force at Livingston, Tenn., and that vicinity. I believe he will make another raid in greater force. I hoped you would have moved General Johnson's cavalry to Sparta and come to Livingston. I have the Eighteenth Kentucky Regiment at Lexington and on Covington Railroad; part of Fiftieth Indiana at Munfordville and Bowling Green; Sixtieth Indiana and Pennsylvania cavalry at Lebanon, and the Sixteenth Kentucky now here, making about 3,200 men. Besides these I have battalion of Fifty-fourth Indiana at Russellville and Fifty-fifth at Frankfort. I have over 2,500 men at different points recruited for cavalry, but have no arms. I am requiring them to

