
take muskets and Enfield rifles. Can you not order the four companies of Fiftieth Indiana Regiment from Endfield to Munfordville. The whole regiment together can guard the bridges and build stockades to this city.

J. T. BOYLE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Lebanon is a good position for a considerable body of infantry. Your cavalry might occupy Glasgow and Columbia, with outposts on the river. That arrangement will enable you to concentrate rapidly. What force have you altogether and how is it posted? How much artillery, cavalry, and infantry?

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

I have troops at McMinnville and I shall send an expedition to Sparta. The movements of the enemy made it impracticable heretofore. I am almost without cavalry. The four companies of the Fiftieth Indiana cannot join you just now. If you road guards have done their duty and fortified as ordered they are perfectly safe; if not, they will be driven off or captured frequently and will deserve death. It is time that such momentous interests should cease to be jeopardized by neglect and misconduct. I have requested the Governors of Ohio and Indiana to be prepared to respond promptly as far as may be in their power to your requisitions for re-enforcements if they should be necessary.

D. C. BUELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 41. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., August 8, 1862.

The system of paroles practiced in this army has run into an intolerable abuse. Hereafter no officer or soldier belonging to the forces in this district will give his parole not to take up arms, for the purpose of leaving the enemy's lines, without the sanction of the general commanding this army, except when by reason of wounds or disease he could not be removed without endangering his life.

Any parole given in violation of this order will not be reorganized, and the person giving it will be required to perform military duty and take the risks prescribed by the laws of war.

Any officer or soldier of this command, being in the hands of the enemy and desiring to be released on parole for the purpose of leaving the enemy's lines, will make application to the general commanding this army, inclosing in duplicate the parole which he proposes to give and await its approval.

The sanction of the officer commanding the forces by which he is

