HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 9, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville:

I need not tell you that the collection of information in regard to the plans and movements of the enemy is an object of the very highest importance. Your position and extensive acquaintances and influence with the public it in your power to promote the object very greatly, and I shall be exceedingly obliged to you if you will do so. If you know any one who could arrange a chain of couriers and informant on the principal roads through to East Tennessee the service would be particularly valuable at this time. The information could be communicated to Major Sidell or any officer whose command would be affected by it or who could forward it. Persones performing such service will be liberally compensated.

I hope I need not apologize for begging you to assist me in this important matter, if it will not task you too much.

D. C. BUELL,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Major MURRAY,

Third Kentucky Cavalry, Athens:

In executing the instructions to bring in horses system and good order must be observed by the expedition, and men known to be good Union men must be regarded, and animals must in no case be taken so as to leave an establishment without one horse. There must be no marauding or disorder of any kind.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Thomas.)

(Send to Larkinsville, to be delivered in the morning to the squadron of cavalry, Third Ohio, which will pass there.)

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 9, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following letter was found yesterday 7 miles above Jasper.* I do not doubt its genuineness. The plan proposed of crossing below would only be possible by surprising us and using a steamer. Bragg has not yet made the experiment of creating the means and crossing such an army as is spoken of over a rive a half or three-quarters of a mile wide, and I think the plan, if such there was, must have been suddenly changed. Harris was at Chattanooga prior to and on the 28th and Bragg arrived the evening of that day. A large force has been moving toward Knoxville from Chattanooga for several days. General Morgan thinks they are moving in the direction of McMinnville or Nashville, and supposes that they design to advance. That is where I have first expected them. Please observe secrecy in regard to the letter.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

---------------

*Printed in Vol. XVI, Part I, p.710.

---------------

