
special attention of commanders to this subject, and he wishes them to look carefully into all the business of their respective commands, sending up only such as they find by personal examination they cannot otherwise dispose of. It is to this personal attention to the business to be sent forward that paragraph 449 (to which attention has been occasionally called) mainly refers. No paper should be forwarded until the command has had all the information bearing upon it collected and indorsed, and then gives his views as to the best course to be pursued in the case so far as his command is concerned. When complaints are made that supplies are not furnished properly and promptly division commanders will at once have the mater investigated and give such facts as will lead to placing the responsibility on the person who is to blame.

By command of Major-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 9, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I report unfavorably of the defenses of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. Eight bridges between this place and Bowling Green have guards, which have been furnished with tools and were set at work yesterday. The detachments are small - 10 or 12 men. Bowling Green has earthworks, serviceable, but not thorough. Munfordville has earthworks, but not thorough. The balance of the road to Louisville is not guarded, excepting a company at Elizabethtown and a company at one of the tunnels on Mudraugh's Hill. No stockades or other defenses between Munfordville and Louisville.

C. C. GILBERT,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

Major SIDELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Accept Colonel Campbell's resignation. I thought you had one battalion Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry; it was so ordered. Where is that regiment all posted? Colonel Duffield says none of them were captured at Murfreesborough. Is this so?

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, August 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff, Huntsville:

Colonel Miller reports to me thus: When General Nelson came here he took with him all the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry except about 60 disabled men, professing to have authority.

Colonel Wynkoop was attempting to bring a battalion here in obedience to General Buell's orders but was prevented by General Nelson. The only cavalry now here is Vanosdol's company and the above disabled men, and the post has been weakened accordingly by General.

