
ting at once into telegraphic communication with him the transfer of these men can be arranged by you, he attending to the business at Iuka. He expects to get some cars to move supplies to Tuscumbia,

and when not occupied the train can move the sick. The supplies sent by General Nelson by rail to tuscumbia must be taken care of by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, June 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Yours of 11th from camp near Tuscumbia just received.

The haul from reynolds' Station to Elk river bridge is about 25 miles. If the supplies are promptly delivered, as I trust they will be, at Reynolds' Station the division trains will bring them forward as rapidly as possible.

Orders have already been received to accumulate supplies in Huntsville. i will do my utmost to execute your order. My division train will not be sufficient to do the work required, but will suffice to feed 10,000 troops in addition to the new supplies.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 16, 1862.

General MITCHEL, Huntsville:

What means are there of crossing the river at Decatur and can you increase them? At what rate can regiments with their be put across? answer soon.

D. C. BUELL.

HUNTSVILLE, June 16, 1862.

General BUELL:

Have ordered seven companies of Colonel Sirwell's regiment, more than half of his cavalry, and one piece of artillery to march immediately to Pulaski. We have no adequate protection for our depot of supplies and for our train. Learning our forces occupied Florence I have ventured to issue this order. Colonel Sill with a portion of his brigade still holds Jasper; is supported by twelve companies of Eighth brigade at and beyond Stevenson. The enemy have obstructed cut-off, 18 miles long leading from Jasper to Chattanooga. This has been done by Indians under command of a man by the name of Morgan; they have probably crossed the river. A portion of the Eighteenth Brigade with three pieces of artillery is now at Decherd. Colonel Mundy, at Pulaski, reports a threatened attack by cavalry last night. His scouts exchanged shots with the enemy at Fayetteville road.

Captain Bingham has just made requisition on me for 200 wagons and teams. I can furnish about half the number. My brigade teams, as you see,are scattered, and we are obliged to haul forage 17 miles.

Do I understand you that rations ordered are to be stored at Athens and to cross river by ferry to Decatur, one-half at each place?

Please answer.

O. M. MITCHEL,Major-General.

