
The consequence will be that they will be captured or dispersed and the road destroyed.

D. C. BUELL.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

A scout from Clinton reports Leadbetter's brigade at that place and two additional regiments expected within a day or two. The talk among the rebel troops there, as elsewhere, is of an advance into Kentucky. They state that your troops are in the Sequatchie Valley. General Stevenson, with 8,000 or 10,000 men, is in the rear of Walden's Ridge, beyond Tazewell. According to the admission of his soldiers his loss on the 6th instant was 225 in killed and wounded; our loss was 3 killed and 15 wounded and 50 prisoners. We secured 200 loads of forage 1,200 pounds of tobacco, and 30 horses and mules.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

General.

LOUISVILLE, August 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I could put in the field 4,800 cavalry if the arms. I have armed one regiment with Enfield rifles and American muskets. There are no arms except Prussian guns and some pistols. The Gallagher carbine is not equal to a bar of iron. All of them returned. Will be returned to Finnell. Secessionists running horses to Indiana. I have sent over and taken them. They are selling to Colonel Swords' agents, and give me some trouble to seize enough.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, August 10, 1862-11 a.m.

Major-General BUELL:

It is believed from the best information to be obtained that Morgan's force at no time exceeded 1,000 men, and that the stampede among our troops was utterly disgraceful. You will cause this matter to be investigated, and report the names of such officers as deserve to be mustered out of service for their conduct on this occasion.

HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 10, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT ATHENS:

Make arrangements at once by means of scouts or spies by which you can at all times obtain certain information of any enemy at any of the crossings between Brown's Ferry and Florence. You can do it by engaging some citizen to establish a line of scouts or informants at intervals of 10 miles or so. You may pay them liberally for faithful service, the money to be charged to account of secret service. The quartermaster

