
will report monthly to the chief quartermaster at these headquarters the amount so expended.

Have Brown's Ferry and Lamb's Ferry examined to-day.

Report what you do. The information should always state whether the force is cavalry, artillery, or infantry.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 10, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM,

Quartermaster, Nashville:

The nails for boats were purchased three weeks ago and sent to Nashville depot, and it is reported could not be sent as Mr. Anderson stated. They have never come. Find them and send them at once or send a new lot of the same kind. You must have the bill. The oakum and pitch had to be sent for to Louisville or Cincinnati. Look this matter up without a moment's delay. The articles should all go to Stevenson, to Colonel Innes, Engineers.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 10, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Telegram received. I found the nails and oakum for boats in the railroad shop this morning. I did not know they were here. They will go forward to Stevenson in the next train. The pitch has not yet been found. I have heard of 8 barrels at some station between here and Huntsville. The conductor will be instructed to find and forward it. Examination is now going on to ascertain if the pitch ever passed through here.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 10, 1862.

General GRANT,

Corinth:

The information seems to be conclusive of the plans of the enemy to make a formidable advance upon Middle Tennessee, but it is not so clear what route they will take. If it were not for the information contained in the accompanying letter, which was found yesterday,* I should certainly expect the main advance to come from East Tennessee; and I think the plan sketched in the letter must have been suddenly changed, for Bragg has certainly been at Chattanooga since the evening of the 28th, and there is no doubt of the collection of a large force there from the Corinth army. You have better means of knowing what force is still at Tupelo.

The passage of the Tennessee by a large army at the point indicated can only be effected by surprising us completely and seizing some of your steamers. I do not believe it will be attempted,but I hope you

---------------

*See Buell to Halleck, August 9,p. 296.

---------------

