
NASHVILLE, June 16, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I send one railroad train loaded with supplies to-day to reynolds', 23 miles below Columbia. One wagon train starts to-day for the same place to haul from Reynolds' to Athens. It cannot reach Decatur in time.

Colonel Swords has not filled my requisitions for wagons yet.

General Negley has 100 wagons at Columbia and General Mitchel will probably have 100 at Reynolds' to-morrow. I have requested that both trains may be used to haul supplies to Athens and Decatur.

The military superintendent of railroads reports that the road can be opened to Huntsville and Stevenson much sooner via Decatur than via Wartrace. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad has not enough rolling stock to bring forward all the supplies.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster.

CAMP NEAR TUSCUMBIA, June 16, 1862.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have rations and forage pushed forward on the Nashville and decatur road as fast as possible to the terminus of railroad. How far will that be? To what station or point can cars run on that road?

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

JUNE 16, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Tuscumbia, Ala.:

Everything possible will be done. Transportation beyond Columbia must be by wagons, as General Mitchel withdrew the force at work on the railroad below there. No exertion will be spared.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Captain NIGH, Quartermaster:

The general supply train of Captain Brinkerhoff must run continually between Eastport and Iuka, hauling rations and forage to the letter point, to be shipped thence by rail to Tuscumbia. See that Captain Brinkerhoff is instructed accordingly and that Captain Darr is made acquainted with this arrangement. The train will continue thus employed until it receives orders from General Wood to discontinue, and it will then march as directed by him.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

