
the movements of all the troops, save those of Price, east, via the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. No troops at or above Grenada, save cavalry at Grenada. Five hundred conscripts and the hospital brigade, formerly there, gone south to west stations. Breckinridge's soldiers wrote two letters, which he heard read, saying our fleet had left for Baton Rouge, and they were ordered there. Corn crops promising and immense. No wheat; little cotton. No cotton destroyed across the country from Tupelo to Grenada. Those who subscribed cotton to the Confederates have orders to deliver it on the railroad and are doing it. This and other things induce the suspicion that they will abandon this country, drive Buell on Chattanooga, and go to Richmond.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 11, 1862-11 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

GENERAL: General Nelson sent a flag of truce to Sparta; it found no rebel troops there and returned to McMinnville to-day. Morgan left Sparta, on the Kentucky road, last Saturday, the 9th, at 10th in the morning, with 1,800 cavalry. Have four pieces of artillery. Please march the troops from Ohio and Indiana into Kentucky as soon as possible. The information from Sparta confirms that from Cumberland Gap, that the enemy is concentrating a heavy force at Kingston.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

General HALLECK,

Washington:

Does your dispatch refer to the Murfreesborough affair?

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

Major HULL,

Commanding Thirty-seventh Indiana, Stevenson:

The trestle about a mile above Tantalon must be guarded. It is reported that Lieutenant Breakey, Company I, at Tantalon, has gone off without leave and that his wife was in camp with him. Inspector and report facts in this case. It is said that some of your men straggle from their posts; if so, you must have it stopped, as we are dependent upon their vigilance.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

General NEGLEY,

Columbia:

General Buell congratulates you on your success in the affair with the guerrillas. It is gratifying and valuable.

