HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION (via MANCHESTER), August 11, 1862.

General THOMAS:

I sent a flag of truce to Sparta yesterday, which has just returned. It found nobody at Sparta. John H. Morgan marched from Sparta on the Kentucky road at 10 a.m. Saturday, 9th instant, taking with him 1,800 cavalry and four pieces of artillery. Savage's brigade is expected to-morrow.

Report says that the enemy are massing a large body of troops at Kingston.

W. NELSON.

DECHERD, August 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Just received dispatch from Nelson. Flag of truce to Sparta yesterday, which had just returned. It found nobody in Sparta. Reports John Morgan left Sparta on Kentucky road at 10 a.m. Saturday, with 1,800 cavalry and four pieces of artillery. He learns by report that the enemy is massing a large body of troops at Kingston. Colonel Wagner reports that all the light parties of the enemy have suddenly left his vicinity. We have not seen or heard of any to the east of us since my arrival. Scouts have been kept all out in the direction of Fayetteville. I learn the country is full of guerrillas. We are now fairly under way with the stockades and intrenchments, and I hope to have the place secure against a sudden attack in a week.

GEO. H. THOMAS,General.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF THE OHIO,

Camp near Pelham, Tenn., August 11, 1862.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

MAJOR:According to instructions I have sent out a party of cavalry and six companies of infantry. They went about 20 miles in the direction of Tracy City and found no enemy, but brought 30 head of cattle and 50 sheep, the property of Captain Reynolds, of the rebel army; they were on their way to Chattanooga. They also brought 8 prisoners, who confirm the army being at that place at a stand-still. No army at Altamont up to this morning. I am here according to instructions of the general commanding, but upon close examination I find my position bad on account of having no water. I would respectfully suggest the removal of my brigade to Elk River, 4 miles in the rear of my present position, if it meets with the approval of the general commanding.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

General BOYLE,

Louisville:

General Nelson sent a flag of truce to Sparta, which returned yesterday. It reported that Morgan left there on Saturday morning at 10

