
o'clock, on the road to Kentucky, with 1,800 men and four pieces of artillery. You must be prepared for him. Avoid public excitement as much as possible, but call on the Governors of Ohio and Indiana to send you what troops they can without delay.

There were no rebel troops at Sparta.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Gap:

General Nelson, at McMinnville, sent a flag of truce to Sparta. It found no rebel troops there; it returned to-day, and brought the report that Morgan left there on the Kentucky road at 10 a.m. on Saturday, with 1,800 men and four pieces of artillery.

Hurry up your supplies and have your troops prepared to concentrate at a suitable point or points if necessary.

It was said that Savage's brigade was expected at Sparta to-morrow or next day.

D. C. BUELL.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I believe my command can hold this place against any force likely to be brought against it. Our defenses are pushed forward with energy. I have the Third Tennessee and Third Kentucky in the rear, occupying Cumberland Ford, Barboursville, London, and Richmond. General Boyle will re-enforce the two latter places. When last heard from Morgan was at Sparta. Humphrey Marshal is said to be at or near Pound Gap with 2,000 or 3,000 men, and it is rumored that a force of 500 cavalry has gone through that point to unite with Morgan. The latter part of the rumor I doubt. Rebel officers at Tazewell declare that your supplies will be cut off and the line of railroad broken up in your rear. If absolutely necessary I would risk sending a larger force to the rear; but if possible to avoid it no more forces should be sent away until the defenses are completed. Every ax and spade is in use. All the timber will be cut from the surrounding hills. Will communicate with you as my scouts come in.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 11, 1862.

(Received Washington, August 11-12 m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

It is nor physically impossible but morally certain that the enemy has about 15,000 troops embraced within the district extending from Bean's Station to Clinton. I know that five brigades are at Tazewell and at least one strong brigade is at Clinton. The last intelligence from Knoxville comes from various sources, all regarded as reliable. I sent the Third Kentucky Volunteers to protect Barboursville. I am surprised to hear that there should be consternation at Louisville or elsewhere. Here it

