
and especially with the inefficiency of some of your forces at the time of Morgan's raid. So strong is this dissatisfaction that I have several times been asked to recommend some officer than yourself to recommend. To-day the matter has been urged on me very hard on the ground that you were accomplishing nothing, and I should not be surprised if a change of command should be ordered without again consulting me.

Permit me, general, to say in all kindness that the Government will expect an active campaign by the troops under your command, and that unless that is done the present dissatisfaction is so great your friends here will not be able to prevent a change being ordered.

There are several outside applications for command who are now urging their claims. Not one of these applications, so far as I have learned their names, is competent to command a single division, much less a geographical department.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Genera-in-Chief.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 12, 1862-12 m.

(Received Washington 6.50 p.m.)

General HALLECK:

I request authority to muster Colonel Moody, of the Ninth Indiana, out of the service. It is absolutely necessary for the good of the regiment and the service.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 12, 1862-4 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General Grant telegraphs me as follows:

General BUELL:

From the best information I can get there are but about 20,000 men, including new levies or conscripts, in front of my left, the main body having gone to Chattanooga. The railroad books at Mobile show that 56,000 men have passed by rail from Tupelo and vicinity to Chattanooga. The same person who gives me this information, and I believe him reliable, says the whole rebel force at Chattanooga and belonging to that command is estimated at 108,000. Price is at Tupelo. Information is that he intends to demonstrate against this place to cover a transportation movement on the railroad and Tennessee east from here. This came in last night just as I had finished making out your dispatch, and seems to confirm your information. I will telegraph you again during the day and inform you what I have done for your support in case of need.

Very truly,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 12, 1862.

General GRANT,

Corinth:

I think it is plain from a mass of information derived from many sources that the main force of the enemy in the west is concentrating

