
in Tennessee, and that no time should be lost in preparing to meet him. Please therefore dispatch at once the two divisions General Halleck authorized me to call for. They should cross under support at Eastport. I wish them to march up the Tennessee River on the north side to about Rogersville; thence to Pulaski, where they will receive further orders. I take it for granted they will have a complete organization of twelve regiments of infantry, three batteries of artillery, and a regiment of cavalry at least to each division.

Please order them to move promptly and by good marches. They should carry ten days' provisions and five of forage, and for the rest get their forage in the country, leaving formal receipts in every case.

D. C. BUELL.

HUNTSVILLE, August 12, 1862.

(Received August 12, 1862.)

General GRANT:

The dispatches were received by your operator night before last. Please see them as soon as possible.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., August 12, 1862.

General BUELL:

The letter referred to in your dispatch is not received; could not be interpreted as telegraphed. I cannot send all the troops called for in your dispatch on account of having been weakened by sending one division to Curtis and the necessity of having to send from here some infantry regiments to Bolivar, which can yet scarcely be regarded as secure. I will place an entire division at Tuscumbia (Paine's) and another on the road from Iuka to Tuscumbia. What is the necessity of guarding the road from Tuscumbia eastward? Do you not think it possible that the enemy are covering a movement of a large portion of their forces eastward to Richmond? I will have the Tennessee River guarded so that none of our steamers can possibly fall into their hands except by gross neglect of our troops. I will keep you well posted of the movements of the enemy, and spare you all the force that can possibly be dispensed with and you may require.

GRANT,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 12, 1862.

Gov. DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

General Halleck informs me that all new troops raised in Indiana and Ohio are placed at my disposal until further orders. Please answer the call of General Boyle, as far as it may lay in your power, without delay. It is no doubt true that Morgan is now on the way to Kentucky. His force is stated at 1,800 cavalry and four pieces of artillery.

D. C. BUELL.

