
NASHVILLE, August 12, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff, Huntsville:

Colonel Boone taken with his whole force at Gallatin without a shot fired before daylight this morning. Colonel Miller will telegraph you for instructions, but it is probable that Morgan has gone elsewhere. Knowledge is derived from train turned back this morning on warning of a negro and now from secession operators of telegraph to boys in this office. I suppose Boone's men are by this comfortably on parole.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 12, 1862.

Colonel MILLER,

Nashville:

General Nelson reports that Morgan left Sparta last Saturday morning with 1,800 cavalry and four pieces of artillery. He thinks he has already crossed the Cumberland at Carthage and gone to Gallatin. Look well to the security of your bridge and if possible defend other important bridges between Gallatin and Nashville. Of course you cannot go far from Nashville, though with the force now in front it is not in great danger. Push your fortifications.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, August 12, 1862-5 p.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY;

The enemy, 2,000 or 3,000 strong, surprised Colonel Boone at Gallatin this morning and captured his force and now holds the place. They came from Hartsville and are supposed to be under Morgan. I propose to move up the road as far as possible with two regiments and four pieces of artillery and attack them, leaving two regiments here. Please answer immediately.

JNumbers F. MILLER,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 12, 1862.

Colonel MILLER,

Nashville:

If you should move to Gallatin Morgan would not meet you there, and you would be too far from Nashville. It would be best for you to move across the river with the force you propose and advance only far enough to cover one or two important bridges and be within a short day's march of Nashville.

Forrest may be expected.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 12, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch to Miller is just received. At the same time another comes from Saundersville, 15 miles from here, that the trestle work

