HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Captain NIGH, Quartermaster:

The behavior of Captain brinkerhoff, quartermaster, since the 12th instant, must be explained at once by him. He was ordered to turn over to Major- Cross certain teams at Hamburg Landing and to make up and come forward in person with the remainder of the teams. He should have started on the 13th instant. It is understood that he is now at Eastport and that his train is somewhere on the road between Iuka and Corint. This method of doing duty will not answer. Captain brinkerhoff must display more energy and zeal and a more rigid and prompt compliance with orders. These neglects of staff officers are ruinous to the prompt movements of large armies, and arrest and trial of the offender will follow a recurrence of these neglects.

It is probably not necessary to impress upon you the necessity of untiring industry and activity in the quartermaster's department, but his must be instilled into those acting under your direction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 16, 1862.

Colonel SEDGEWICK:

The regimental quartermaster of your regiment is required to make out at once and send to these headquarters a detailed statement of the indebtedness of officers of your regiment for subsistence stores and forage obtained by them up to this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

------

,

------

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROGERS', POWELL'S, VALLEY, June 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

My division will be concentrated to-day. the enemy has come out of the Gap and taken up a strong position at Town Creek, 10 miles in our front. My own position could not be better; the rear rests on roger's Gap and the front and flank ar completely masked from view by a forest. It is said that Barton is approaching from Knoxville.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Secretary of War.)

CAMP NEAR ROGER'S GAP, June 16, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

My command is in motion to attack the enemy here. His position is 9 miles from here. I march 6 1/2 miles for breakfast. I may be cut off from telegraphic communication for day or two.

I greatly need two good regiments of cavalry.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

