
of concentrating them in East Tennessee and Kentucky; but I do not believe that the enemy had 80,000, and I doubt his having 60,000 men in East Tennessee.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major Kennedy, with two small companies First Kentucky Cavalry, encountered the guerrillas in greatly superior numbers six times yesterday and last night at various points below Williamsport, defeating the enemy in each affair with considerable loss. Our loss only one wounded.

JAS. S. NEGLEY.

FRANFORT, KY., August 12, 1862.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The indiscriminate arrests making in this State are producing a dangerous state of things. Quiet, law-abiding men, holding State-rights dogmas, are required to take an oath repulsive to them or go to prison-who are willing to take an oath substantially pledging allegiance to State and United States. Two men over seventy years old are arrested in Lexington. An order to arrest only for cause is important. If the State is invaded we want a cool general, able to handle a force sufficient to repel it. See Mr. Holt. Public feeling is in a dangerous state. The Southern sympathizer is made desperate and our soldiery will become bandits.

J. B. TEMPLE,

President Military Boar Kentucky.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

You are authorized to must out of service Colonel Moody, of the Ninth Indiana. Notify the Governor of the vacancy.

The Secretary of War directs me to say that there must be more vigor and energy in the movement of our troops in Kentucky and East Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

There seems no room whatever to doubt that the enemy is concentrating his main force in West in Tennessee. What troops are at home well should come at once. I have therefore requested General Grant to dispatch the two divisions you authorized me to call for. Morgan has crossed the Cumberland River again, and yesterday morning

