
MURFREESBOROUGH, August 13, 1862-2 a.m.

Major-General BUELL:

Have been active all day and night and since Gallatin affair this morning. Have kept Colonel Spencer, with five companies Second Kentucky and one of Twenty-fourth Illinois, at La Vergne water-tank, and will re-enforce him if attack is suspected. I have Hazen's brigade, Cockerill's and Konkle's batteries, Wolford's cavalry, say 400 convalescents here. Don't think Forrest can whip us. Can move the force you state at a moment's notice. Where was Forrest when last heard of? Morgan must have flanked General Nelson's left via Sparta to have reached Gallatin. Can this movement be general?

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

Major F. HARDING,

Commanding Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate to you the following extracts from a letter which has just been received by the general commanding:

NEAR MOORESVILLE.

Major-General BUELL:

Some parties represent themselves as belonging to the Nineteenth Illinois, which, however, is not so, as they (the Nineteenth Illinois) never trespass now upon any one, and are the most vigilant guards we have ever had upon the bridges. * * * The facts as regards the visitation of the regiment on me, and much more than I have stated, can be amply sustained by referring to Lieutenant Bremner, of the Nineteenth Illinois Regiment, who has shown great sympathy for me; has seen the men at my house, and writes to-day to Colonel Harding for relief to his own company from these Wisconsin men being imputed to him.

The general desires me to say that he is much pleased to hear such good accounts of your regiment, and trusts that it will continue to remember, even though others about it may forget it, that this army has a reputation to be sustained, in which every regiment is interested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

Captain MORTON,

Nashville:

Put up a stockade for a guard of one company at the bridge on the north side of the river; have it done speedily, but without leaving your other work.

D. C. BUELL.

CAMP AT SAINT CLOUD'S HILL,

Nashville, August 13, [1862.]

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

The railroad bridge will be fortified against all attack except distant bombardment.

Saint Cloud's Hill will be secure against any attack except regular

