
approaches and investment. Capitol Hill the same. These will be provided each with four pieces and six companies. The building corner of Broad and Spruce will have garrison of two companies; it will overlook a position selected for reserve of one cavalry regiment and one battery of horse artillery. Said works will be completed in order of importance, which is as above. The total garrison will be two regiments infantry, one of cavalry, and two batteries. I lost forty-eight hours by the tardiness of the citizens in answering, the requisitions of the commandant of the city for negroes, teams, tools, cooking utensils, and provisions. Up to this date I have received but about 150 negroes, and to tools, teams, &amp;c., except those I got from Government officers. I was ready to employ 825 negroes at daybreak on the 11th had they been furnished in compliance with my requisitions. Work was begun on the bridge on morning of the 11th; on Saint Cloud's Hill this morning. I am not responsible for any delay the general may remark upon. I made requisition for 1,000 negroes, with tools, &c., without loss of time. My arrangements are in advance of the labor furnished. I have anticipated your order just received for guarding north side of bridge. It will be perfectly safe except against cannonade, that would demolish the bridge from a distance, from pieces concealed from our guns to be located in flanking positions on south side.

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

In compliance with instructions from the War Department, Colonel Moody, Ninth Indiana, will be mustered out of service. This is necessary for the public good. I hope Lieutenant-Colonel Blake will succeed to the vacancy. He is an officer of merit; he has been in no way instrumental in the removal of Colonel Moody; on the contrary it is done without his knowledge or consent and in opposition to his wish to withdraw from the regiment. The date of muster-out will be sent you.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

Major MURRAY,

Commanding Third Kentucky Cavalry, Athens, Ala.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you send, under a field officer, 200 men of your regiment, with their arms and horse equipments, by cars to Nashville, to bring down certain horses for your command, which will be turned over to them by Captain Bingham, assistant quartermaster, and they will march back. They must be prepared in every respect for active service. I have notified Mr. Beggs, the superintendent of trains, of the intended movement, and he will make the necessary arrangements for their transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

