
COLUMBIA, August 13, 1862-11 p.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Fourth Ohio Cavalry left Franklin at 11 a.m. toward Centerville, to disperse a considerable force near that point. After accomplishing this object will ass through Hickman via Centreville to Lawrence, to break up the band there. The Third Kentucky are en route east, north side of Duck River, to Wallace Ford, where they will cross and engage if possible several parties in that vicinity, one of which is the one you refer to.

There is undoubtedly a force of 300 to 500 in that neighborhood, but poorly armed. Their location is favorable for safety and escape unless surprised.

The two companies First Kentucky are en route via Bigbyville and Mount Pleasant to surprise if possible a party of 55 near Potts' Mills, southwest of Mount Pleasant.

The troops along the line to Franklin are expecting an attack to-night, particularly at Carter Creek Bridges. Two hundred guerrillas are reported near that place. I am at a loss to know where they all come from, unless composed of citizens in the vicinity.

JAS. S. NEGLEY.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

General NEGLEY,

Columbia via Nashville:

Send escort with telegraph party to repair wire between Pulaski and Columbia, unless it interferes with important operations. A force of guerrillas, said to be 200 or 300, are reported as camping in a hidden place near Cornersville, which is on the Pulaski and Lewisburg road and nearly east of Reynolds'. A negro at Reynolds' knows their locality. The Third Kentucky Cavalry should return to Pulaski as soon as it has accomplished the special object for which you called it; and it and Fourth Ohio should come by Cornersville and try and destroy that nest. Report what you can do in the matter.

JAMES B. FRY.

McMINNVILLE (VIA MANCHESTER), August 13, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Morgan has taken Gallatin, as I anticipated. Your orders confine me to McMinnville. This I have telegraphed several times and no notice has been taken of it. Is it the intention that the force under my command stop here, regardless of movements around me? A clear understanding of this subject will relieve my mind much.

W. NELSON,

General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Decherd, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF,

Commanding First Brigade:

Mr. George Simons, a Union man, residing about 5 miles out of Winchester, reports that Captain Miller, Thirty-first Ohio Volunteers, took

