
from him not long before the troops of your brigade left here 3,000 pounds bacon and 12 sacks of flour, containing 96 or 100 pounds each, refusing to pay or give certified accounts for them.

The general is determined to put down in his division this wholesale marauding, and directs that hereafter no property whatever shall be seized except by your authority or on orders from these headquarters.

Inasmuch as Captain Miller is not known in the capacity of quartermaster or commissary, it is presumed that he acted upon his own authority, in which case the general directs that you arrest Captain Miller. He also directs that certified accounts be made out for the property taken from Mr. Simons and forwarded to these headquarters. It is also reported to Major-General Buell, and through him to General Thomas, that Lieutenant-Colonel Lister, Thirty-first Ohio, while passing near Mooresville, took 2 mules and a negro driver from Mr. Tucker, a very old and infirm citizen, giving no receipt for the same, nor has the property been returned. Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Lister to make a statement in writing been returned. Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Lister to make a statement in writing of the facts and forward to these headquarters, and to forward the negro and property to the quartermaster here.

Very respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Morgan left early this morning in the direction of Scottsville. The cars have not come through by way of Russellville. The trestle work over Red River was destroyed by citizens. A force has been sent to rebuild it and the cars are expected to go through to-morrow.

Respectfully,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALLATIN, August 13, 1862.

Major SIDELL:

Arrived here about two hours since. Morgan had left with nearly all his force. Our advance guards attacked a small force which had remained to burn cars. We killed 2, wounded 1. As far as known, the railroad bridges are all up, except one 3 miles from this place. Morgan is said to have gone in direction of Scottsville. His force is variously estimated from 800 to 3,000. I think not over 1,000. Colonel Boone is here, and most of his men, who are paroled. I have pickets on all the [roads].

[JNO. F. MILLER.]

NASHVILLE, August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The following is the latest from Colonel Miller, 8 a.m. An earliest one I will send by-and-by. Answer Miller's last questions:

GALLATIN, August 13, 1862.

Major SIDELL:

The trestle work beyond this place and the work in the tunnel was destroyed by the rebels; also one locomotive and 30 freight cars, 20 loaded with Government

