
stores. Citizens did the most of the burning. Morgan took 70 Government horses on the train yesterday. Does the general commanding desire me to leave a force here? If so, what troops and what number?

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major.

NASHVILLE, August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Please answer how many men Miller shall leave at Gallatin or leave it to his discretion. He wants to come back here with the balance of the force, as he ought to do. Shall he bring Boone and the paroled prisoners in here? Major Gano is with the Sixty-ninth at Gallatin.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, August 13, 1862.

Major SIDELL:

Colonel Miller to leave no one at Gallatin. Report at once all the facts and details connected with the surrender of Gallatin. Have the paroled prisoners brought to Nashville and arrest Colonel Boone. Keep him and the other field officers at Nashville and send the remainder of the prisoners on a boat to Indiana under escort, to go direct to Camp Chase. Don't let them stop in Kentucky.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff:

Up to the present no other facts are known in regard to surrender at Gallatin than those first reported, namely, that the attack was made just before day, and that not a shot was fired, and every one asleep or awaiting willingly the coming of their friends.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth Infantry, Acting Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, August 13, 1862. [Received August 13, 1862.]

Major SIDELL:

I do not wish any troops left at Gallatin. I do not object to Colonel Miller's command remaining for a day or so in a position to protect the bridges this side of Gallatin near the Junction; but he must not be more than an hour's reach from Nashville. What direction has Morgan taken? Are the cars running through by the way of Russellville?

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

Colonel STARKWEATHER, Mooresville:

Send a command to destroy the boats completely and any others that may be near there.

D. C. BUELL.

