
DECHERD, August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

General Thomas informs me that commanding general complains that the brigade of my division at this point did not move to day. The order to move came near night-fall yesterday, and I could not have moved this brigade this morning without going in the most slip-shod condition. One of its regiments is absent, having been detached by General Thomas several days since, and I will have to go without it; will be back tomorrow. I will leave orders for it to follow me promptly. I reported the miserable condition in which my division train come back. Materials for the repair of them arrived only to-day, and it was indispensably necessary to put some of the wagons in a condition to transport and preserve ammunition; this is being done to-day. I trust the commanding general knows that no unnecessary grass grows under my feet when I get an order to march or when I am on the road. I had Wagner's brigade at Manchester at 10 o'clock this morning. I move at 4 o'clock in morning.

TH. J. WOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 13, 1862.

General T. J. WOOD,Commanding Sixth Division:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to say that your proposition about putting contrabands who come into camp to driving teams is approved. They will be turned out of camp only as a measure of necessity when they cannot be made useful to the Government and become a nuisance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 13, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The place near Jacksborough is London, not Loudon, the place spoken of in telegram of yesterday. London on the railroad, 30 miles southwest of Knoxville. Maynardville is 8 miles southeast of Locust Cross-Roads, midway between Jacksborough and Rutledge. Maynardville is on my map, but I see that it has been put there by my topographer.

GEORGE W. MORGAN.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 13, 1862.

General BUELL, Huntsville:

To guard against accident I announce in cipher what you may know.

Morgan has taken Gallatin and Nashville is or will be in danger.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

