HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 14, 1862.

Colonel McHENRY, Reynolds' Station:

General Negley has been informed of those bands and will move against them. You must communicate with him and receive his orders.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 14, 1862.

Colonel MILLER, Nashville:

Have you any information in regard to Morgan's movements and plans? Is it true that he has artillery?

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, August 14, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,Chief of Staff:

Have no later information of Morgan's movements. He went in direction of Scottsville, but a loyal citizen overheard conversation among a party of Morgan's officers and men to the effect that they were really going to Carthage and from thence to neighborhood of Sparta, where they would join Forrest and others with large force preparatory to making a raid on Nashville. They talked freely of attacking Nashville with a large force, and expressed the determination to take this place. They openly declared Morgan was heard to say in talking of Colonel Bruce and Bowling Green that he did not intend to go there. They swaggered and boasted a great deal. Some of them talked of going through Kentucky again. They had no artillery at Gallatin, but say thy had left a battery at Carthage.

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 14, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Nashville:

Let Colonel Miller send a force to protect repairs on the bridges, but it must be ready to return to Nashville at moment's notice. Can't spare guards for all those bridges.

Colonel Miller to ascertain and report what amount of property was destroyed by or through instrumentality of citizens at Gallatin and give names of such as took part or encouraged the destruction.

JAMES B. FRY.

STEVENSON, August 14, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

On the 12th there were no troops this side of the Tennessee as far up as 22 miles above Chattanooga. They have but one small steamboat, the Tennessee. She makes trips from Chattanooga and Kingston. I

