
will try and have her and the flat-boat destroyed. I don't believe they will use them near me. I fear I can't send the letter to Chattanooga. They have a company stationed at the creek, 4 miles below. Their pickets are still immediately opposite me. I made a reconnaissance above Jasper last night; no enemy on this side.

McCOOK,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 14, 1862.

General NELSON, McMinnville:

[By courier from Manchester.]

My dispatches of the 10th, if you have received them, will answer your inquiry of yesterday. In fact the original and all instructions to you were meant to indicate the policy you were to pursue. It was impossible to give more than a general rule for your action. Your main object at present was to cover Nashville and control as much of the country about you as possible without separating yourself from connection with the main body of the army and its object.

I have ordered Wood to join with two brigades, but to protect the repair of the railroad as he goes.

Morgan took only 125 prisoners at Gallatin and started on the road to Scottsville. They talked of going through Kentucky, but I think that doubtful.

A Union man overheard the conversation of a party of officers and soldiers to the effect that they were going back to Carthage, thence to near Sparta, where they would join Forrest and others with a large force, preparatory to making a raid on Nashville; declared their determination to take the place. Had no artillery at Gallatin; said they left a battery at Carthage. You might perhaps intercept the party.

Have you prepared defenses for a small force, as directed in the first orders? It may be very important.

D. C. BUELL.

MCMINNVILLE [VIA MANCHESTER], August 14, 1862-3.30 p.m.

General BUELL:

My cavalry have been within 21 miles of Chattanooga; another party to Sparta. There is no news of the enemy in any direction. Perhaps he intends going into Kentucky from Knoxville, and Morgan is destroying the railroad to prevent any assistance coming from the Army of the Ohio. I sent General Johnson to Liberty and Lebanon with cavalry.

W. NELSON,Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, Decherd, Tenn., August 14, 1862.

Colonel G. D. WAGNER, Manchester, Tenn.:

General Wood's division left here this morning and will be in Manchester in a few days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

