
Nashville. Inform General Johnson accordingly. Don't run Wolford's men down for unimportant objects; get them in good order. You are not expected to re-enforce bridge guards. They must complete their defenses and rely upon them; and where they are not strong enough your re-enforcement would do no good.

If the enemy appears in force you must attack or cut him off by using your infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and by prompt and determined action, and not disintegrate your force by strengthening bridge guards. A force must always be left at Murfreesborough strong enough to hold it. Remember these orders in case telegraph is cut off.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 15, 1862.

General McCOOK, Battle Creek:

Do you get any information of the force now at Chattanooga or anything to justify the supposition that Bragg may be on his way to Richmond?

D. C. BUELL.

BATTLE CREEK, August 15, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

Everything I hear leads me to believe that as soon as troops arrive at Chattanooga they are sent toward Knoxville. I also know that Bragg has gone that way; how far I cannot say. I hope to have reliable news to-day from Chattanooga. A deserter from the Eighth Arkansas, of Liddell's brigade and Wood's division, came in last night. He confirms the report about the troops at Tupelo. All had left before him save Price's. The Louisiana troops had gone to Vicksburg. Price was reported to follow to Chattanooga. Hawthorn's brigade [Alabama] were on the railroad, camped between Atlanta and Chattanooga. He says report in camp was that Bragg was 12 miles above Chattanooga. The deserter is an Indianian and cousin of my provost-marshal; he also states that on the railroad from Dalton to Cleveland the Second, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Arkansas were encamped. Left some at Dalton as we came up. The deserter left on Tuesday morning.

McCOOK,General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 15, 1862.

General McCOOK:

McCook's cavalry is very useful where it is, near McMinnville, and cannot be spared.

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, August 15, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

An employe of the railroad company, who had been up to the tunnel,

came through Gallatin yesterday about noon. He reports no force at

