
catur, and it seems to me the shortest and best route,besides having the advantage of keeping your troops on the same line.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS, FOURTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Iuka, June 17, 1862-8 p. m.

Colonel FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I learn from a pretty reliable source that the enemy, consisting of 900 cavalry and 6,000 infantry, have marched up from Fulton and encamped on Bear Creak, 10 miles east of Bay Springs, which point is 28 miles south of here on the Fulton road. Their camp is at the bridge over Bear Creek, 10 miles east of Bay Spring. The brigade is 18 miles in an air line from the railroad bridge. It is 27 miles from Tuscumbia; it is 33 miles from this place. It appears to be their intention either to destroy the railroad bridge or to attack me to prevent more supplies coming up from Eastport or to go to Wood at Tuscumbia. I sent a patrol that went within 3 miles of Bay Springs, who confirm the statement of the enemy's presence and numbers. They questioned everybody they met. I have sent two companies to-night down, with orders to stampede their picket at Bay Springs and to bring in a prisoner if possible. It appears to me that if the news is positive, which I will know to-morrow, that Wood from Tuscumbia and I from this point could make a forced march and gobble the whole party. If they advance on me I shall await their arrival to within striking distance and then attack them.

Very respectfully,

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 17, 1862-6 a. m.

Brigadier-General NELSON,

Commanding Fourth Division:

General Buell directs that you halt such of your troops as may have marched and await further orders. It is presumed your leading brigade only has marched and that you can stop that at Buzzard Roost Creek. Continue to haul supplies to Iuka with your division train when it is not otherwise required for your movements.

Let your cavalry watch well the approaches from the south, and take all possible means to ascertain the movements of Van Dorn and other parts of the enemy's force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Florence, June 17, 1862.

Captain BRIGHT, Commissary of Subsistence:

CAPTAIN: General Buell directs me to say that your failure to send by the boats last night the official letter intrusted to you for Captain

