
DECHERD, August 15, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Will have the stockades and intrenchments ready by next Wednesday night, and it will take two days to get the negroes back to their homes. What troops will be sent here to garrison the place? Will be ready for them Thursday morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

TULLAHOMA, August 15, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

Yesterday I sent up into the neighborhood of Hubbard's some small force of cavalry. They report skirmishing near Sparta. Some two days ago they conversed with citizens, who state the object of the movements of the enemy was to get into Kentucky. They took a rebel captain prisoner, who says they are determined to have Nashville or cross the Cumberland into Kentucky. I do not attach much importance to this. I sent your dispatch to General Nelson yesterday. General Nelson sent a force of cavalry to Vervilla; captured 15 rebels and recaptured the horses of couriers shot the day before.

G. D. WAGNER,

Colonel.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 15, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

I have ordered General Jackson to report to you. Concentrate your cavalry as much as possible, with a battery and two of your old regiments of infantry at least, and put him in command of the whole for active operations. Columbia is a good position for this force as a headquarters. If Forrest has taken position at Gallatin or elsewhere north of the Cumberland Jackson must be sent against him without delay. Organize his command promptly. If you cannot get carbines for your cavalry apply to the ordnance officer for double-barreled shot-guns, which in many respects are better weapons.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 15, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

You are right not to expose a detachment while the enemy is in the vicinity in force. Send nothing until you have certain information in regard to the enemy's movements or until you get Jackson's force in pursuit.

Arrest the paroled prisoners and put charges against any whose conduct was particularly disgraceful. Send the charges here.

D. C. BUELL.

