
LOUISVILLE, KY., August 15, 1862-3.45 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Buell recommends that I supply my cavalry with double-barrel shot-guns. The ordnance department here has but 50. Can the shot-guns be furnished if carbines are not to be had?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 15, 1862-3.20 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our State has made no provision for subsisting recruits. I have companies and regiments forming and no means to subsist them. The recent order prevents commissary furnishing anything. Can this be remedied? Colonel Swords has over $70,000 of recruiting fund turned over to him by General Nelson. How can subsistence for the men raising be paid for it the State does not provide for it?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 15, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Gap:

We have some rumors that Bragg's force, instead of concentrating in East Tennessee, is moving to Richmond. If true it is of the greatest importance. Spare no means to ascertain the facts and apprise me instantly even of its probable truth.

D. C. BUELL.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 15, 1862-2 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Two scouts just arrived. Left vicinity of Knoxville last Monday. They report that on the 8th and 9th instant several trains of cars passed Knoxville and Morristown toward Virginia with troops from direction of Georgetown. They report one division only at Knoxville and five brigades at Clinton. Rebels estimate force at Clinton at 30,000, but it is probably not greater than fifteen.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,

No. 26. Tuscumbia, Ala., August 15, 1862.

The undersigned having returned and reported for duty, hereby assumes the command of the First Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Brigadier General James D. Morgan is hereby relieved from said command and will take command of the Second Brigade of said division.

In relieving General Morgan from the command of the division th undersigned avails himself of this opportunity to express his sincere gratification with the efficient manner in which General Morgan has discharged his duties.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

