
HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 16, 1862-10.10 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Kirby Smith is advancing into Kentucky by the gaps west of Cumberland Gap with some 12,000 or 15,000 men, doubtless with the immediate object of getting into Morgan's rear. Morgan says he can with his present supplies hold his position for five weeks, and I have ordered him to hold on and depend on other troops to open his communication. I have repeated my requests to the Governors of Ohio and Indiana to forward repeated my requests to the Governors of Ohio and Indiana to forward troops with all dispatch, and have ordered General Nelson to command. I shall meet him in Nashville to-morrow night to give him instructions. I have no doubt of the importance of having more old troops to meet this emergency, but I am also satisfied of the greater importance of retaining the force in Tennessee. The movements of the enemy and information from various sources leave no room to doubt their intention to make a desperate effort to repossess themselves of this State. I don't know when I may expect troops from General Grant, but they ought to be here immediately. If more troops could be spared they ought to come.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 16, 1862.

General GRANT, Corinth:

Please answer my inquiry of the 14th in regard to the exact force you place at my disposal and where it will cross.

D. C. BUELL,Major-General.

CORINTH, August 16, 1862-5 p.m.

General BUELL:

I answered your dispatch of 14th. Two divisions under Paine and Davis go to Decatur and are subject to your orders when they reach there. Two other divisions are moving to take their places on the road. I have given orders to fortify Iuka and Tuscumbia and will do the same thing at Decatur. Also have ordered block-houses to be built at principal bridges.

GRANT.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 16, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Corinth:

The troops can cross in less than half the time at Eastport, and time is of the utmost importance. Please order them to cross there, unless they have passed that point; and if so then at Tuscumbia. There is no time to lose. Kirby Smith is advancing on Kentucky or Nashville, and other offensive movements of the enemy may from their strength and dispositions fairly be expected.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

