
third be raised? If yes you can come on with the two and leave recruiting parties to make up the third. Lose no time; we want you. Horses will be with Dickerson, quartermaster, Cincinnati. See Captain Benton in ordnance office, Washington, about carbines and horse equipments. Edson, in Louisville, will have sabers and pistols. Let me know if you succeed with Captain Benton.

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, August 16, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Huntsville:

Judge J. S. Brien communicates the following, being also willing to go to Huntsville if desired: Three weeks ago his nephew resigned from lieutenancy Confederate artillery and has now taken oath of allegiance. He says it is the resolved plan of Confederates to get this country within sixty days or will be out of supplies, and to draw force from Virginia if necessary to accomplish it.

Further, Judge Brien gathered, under peculiar circumstances of excitement, from a strong secessionist of Nashville, a representative man, almost necessarily informed of main plans of the enemy in regard to Tennessee, as follows: Cavalry of Forrest, Starnes, and Morgan is, in all 12,000, kept active it various points until required to concentrate, for which they have orders at a certain time and place south of this, there to take part in an attack on Buell's rear, while a sufficient force from Chattanooga attacks in front, and to possess themselves of supplies at Winchester; then to progress northward, conquering the country and this city. They reckon Buell as 40,000 strong, and are prepared accordingly. Judge Brien reports the confidence of his informant and of other prominent citizens as being absolute that this part of Tennessee will be in their possession in two weeks, a confidence which is only recently adopted and doubtless with cause, since which they have become reckless whether the city be destroyed or not.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NASHVILLE, August 16, [21] 1862.

Colonel FRY:

A considerable disaster is just reported by stragglers returning. Our cavalry under General Johnson, about 750 strong, left Hartsville for Gallatin this morning at 4 and 9 met enemy there, fought and was defeated. He retreated to cross-roads not pressed, rested an hour, and continued his retreat a mile toward river. Was then attacked, flanked on both flanks, and sent in a flag; but meanwhile more than half our force continued its retreat to and beyond the river toward Lebanon, under Wynkoop, passing through Lebanon and on toward Nashville; the latter wounded.

Now about 20, including two officers of the Fourth Kentucky, reached here and gave the above information. They say they saw Wynkoop only 9 miles back coming on slowly, and unless attacked in rear will arrive safely. They think that before they crossed the river half of all were killed, wounded, or surrendered, among the latter General Johnson. In the two fights many of our horses were killed, and therefore presumed many men. Enemy had no artillery, but some well-drilled infantry;

