
CUMBERLAND GAP., August 16, 1862-12 m.

General BUELL, Huntsville:

I have good reasons to believe that Smith intends to advance through Big Creek, and possibly through Rogers' Gap, upon Barboursville. Both gaps are observed. His force will be from five to eight brigades of infantry, with a corresponding force of artillery and cavalry, in all 12,000 or 15,000 men. I have ordered a small cavalry force to Boston, with directions that upon the first approach of the enemy at Big Creek or Rogers' Gap to fall back upon Barboursville and to destroy all forage and drive before him all cattle along the route. I have this instant received intelligence that the enemy (probably Morgan's) is at Holt's Gap, near Somerset; it may be Smith's advance. I suggested to General Boyle several days ago to send a force to Danville. I respectfully suggest that I have left one of two plans: to await quietly here until Smith is starved out and forced to fall back, or to concentrate eight regiments at London, and try and form a junction with the troops of Boyle and the new levies at that place. Smith cannot possibly remain three weeks in my rear. I can hold this place five weeks with my present command. I have this moment received a telegram from a person calling himself Lieutenant-Colonel Hazeland, Seventh Tennessee Volunteers, dated Barboursville, informing me that Colonel Clift, of that regiment, was attacked at a place called Huntsville, near Jacksborough, by a force of 2,500 men. He has twice disobeyed my orders to fall back upon Barboursville.

MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, August 16, 1862.

General BUELL:

Just received following dispatch, signed General Morgan, dated Cumberland Gap, August 16:

My scouts give me such intelligence as satisfies me that Kirby Smith is about to invade Kentucky through Big Creek Gap with at least five brigades of infantry, four batteries of artillery, and probably other troops now in Knoxville. He was a day or two since at Clinton with the above-named force. London, Ky., is the point at which to concentrate your forces and at once. Let it be done without excitement if possible. Send two or three batteries of artillery and as many of the old regiments as possible. Keep me advised of all you do and I will act in concert with you. Replace the old regiments by the new levies. I telegraphed Governor Tod to-day. Morgan will probably act in concert with Smith. You ought to send one regiment of cavalry.

BOYLE.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 16, 1862-5.15 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I send dispatch from General Morgan. Governor Tod says he cannot send any troops until next week:

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 16.

General BOYLE:

It is undoubtedly the present intention of Kirby Smith to invade Kentucky by Big Creek and probably by Rogers' Gap. His force will not be less than five or greater than eight brigades of infantry, with a corresponding force of cavalry and artillery.

