
I propose to concentrate eight regiments at London, and ought to have at least ten or twelve additional regiments, with a corresponding force of cavalry and artillery. Smith will advance upon Barboursville, and if I can get a proper force I hope to give good account of him. Most likely Morgan will make a dash about the same time along his former line of operations. Will again telegraph Tod. Consult Buell.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, August 16, 1862.

General BUELL:

I send telegram just received from General Morgan.* Governor Tod says he can send no troops until middle of next week. I fear he will then wait until you can get an order from Halleck and give your order to me.

There is now no doubt of advance of the enemy at several points in our State, but I do not believe it is in the force represented, but sufficient if I do not get re-enforcements.

Enemy stopped the hands at work on tunnel and broke car this morning. They will completely destroy the road.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 16, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

I have telegraphed Governors Morton and Tod to send their troops to Louisville with all dispatch. Forward them by railroad to Lebanon as fast as they come and organize into brigades. Order the staff officers to have the necessary supplies of every description for at least 20,000 men. Don't lose an hour. In sending officers for this force I shall have to send one who will rank you, but there will be work enough and honor enough for all. I am sure you will appreciate this matter.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 16, 1862-6.40 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Dispatch from Somerset yesterday stated rebel cavalry were at Monticello, beyond Mill Springs. Operator has left Somerset. Dispatch from operator at Stanford, this side, says rebels with force estimated at from 1,000 to 3,000 occupied Somerset this morning. They will destroy General Morgan's train. I have ordered Metcalfe's cavalry, with such arms as they can get, to Lexington, thence to Richmond. I have not infantry, except Eighteenth Kentucky, on Covington Railroad, in that part of State. I will order part of it with the cavalry. I send two sections of Andrews' Michigan artillery to Lexington. Enemy occupy Gallatin.

---------------

*See Boyle to Halleck, p. 352.

---------------

23 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

