HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 17, 1862.

General NELSON, Nashville:

I shall not be able to see you to-night as I intended, nor perhaps is it necessary.

Your mission is to meet and repel the threatened invasion of Kentucky, and in that everything must depend on your own judgment and energy. The Governors of Ohio and Indiana have been requested to send in troops as rapidly as possible. Organize them into brigades and divisions, and put them under instruction and preparation without an hour's delay. You will have some old regiments. Concentrate them into an active corps, and where it is necessary supply their places as guards by new troops.

You will have a pretty large force of cavalry, if, as I suppose, it has been armed and equipped. I will send you two more field batteries. Schultz's, now at Nashville, and Konkle's, which is ordered there. General Cruft is ordered to report to and accompany you as you pass Murfreesborough. Gilbert is also ordered to report to you as inspector-general. He will be of great service in that capacity.

It is not necessary to give you any suggestions as to the point for concentrating your forces or the use of them. All this must depend on the movements of the enemy. Your command will include all of Tennessee north of the Cumberland. You have a great work to accomplish and with little means.

The credit of the selection will be mine. The honor of success will be yours.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 17, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Nashville:

It is reported that staff officers in Nashville confine their labors to what is termed business hours. The general directs that some officer in each branch be at all times, day and night, on duty to receive and dispatch the business of the department, and that nothing be laid over for the business hours known to peaceful times. It is also stated that many paroled men are loafing about the city. Direct the provost-marshal to have them all taken up and sent by next boat to Camp Chase, officers and men.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 17, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS, Louisville:

The Journal of the 12th or 13th announces that Lieutenant Ernest is shipping supplies to Decherd. It is wrong in an officer to state these things and wrong in a paper to publish them. Inform them accordingly. Our depots should not be pointed out.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

