
HUNTSVILLE, August 17, 1862.

General THOMAS:

A large wagon train will start from Reynolds' Station to Decherd to-morrow morning; it will move by way of Fayetteville. Send four companies cavalry to meet it and escort it in, and tell them to send back to Athens the Third Kentucky Cavalry, in whose charge the train starts.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 17, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

It will not be safe nor is it expedient to send your few troops on the Cumberland Gap route. You cannot at present attempt to keep Morgan's communications open. Leave that until the greater evil of invasion is averted or removed.

Your whole force should be concentrated at some central point, from which, mainly with your cavalry, you can watch and impede the progress of the enemy and check his depredations until you are prepared to meet him in force. Lebanon and Nicholasville are good points to operate from. If you have not done so, call all the troops down from the Big Sandy; replace your road guards by new troops. I have ordered General Nelson to command.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 17, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

You would be wrong to think that the assignment of another to command implied any dissatisfaction with your services or want of confidence in your ability. I assure you it is quite the reverse. But in the organization of the large force that will be required the assignment of a major-general to command could hardly be avoided.

I should regret exceedingly if you were to take any other view of it. The confidence with which I urged you to retain your commission last winter has been strengthened, not weakened.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, August 17, 1862-11.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Seawell cannot muster the men in as fast as required. Will you authorize me to appoint two other mustering officers to report to Colonel Seawell for duty? Governor Morton has called on me for officer to muster troops at Albany, &amp;c. I do not feel authorized to appoint an officer for the purpose.

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

