
LOUISVILLE, KY., August 17, 1862-5 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Rebels have taken London in rear of General Morgan and captured teams. I have sent Metcalfe's cavalry and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with two pieces of artillery and all the infantry. I have in their rear four pieces of artillery. Morgan will be attacked in front to-morrow or next day by large force. News from Tennessee bad. General Buell will be in trouble. Governor Tod furnishing no troops places General Morgan in great jeopardy.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, August 17, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER,

Manager United States Military Telegraph:

Received the following from Nashville to-day:

Weather looks squally down here. A full battery of artillery arrived from Stevenson last night; two more coming up from Mouthville [?]; one from Columbia, mounted. Rebels in United States uniform between here and Murfreesborough. Judge Brien, a strong Union man here, reveals plans of the rebels to attack General Buell's front with cavalry, then advance rear and flank. New troops arriving in Kentucky.

SAM. BRUCH,

Assistant Manager U. S. Military Telegraph Lines.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 17, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.,

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

Please send troops as rapidly as possible into Kentucky to such places as General Buell may designate.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 17, 1862-9.35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have very urgent calls from General Boyle for troops, but cannot respond before Wednesday, when, if not disappointed in clothing and camp equipage, I will send him four or five regiments.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 17, 1862.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Boyle telegraphs that Kentucky is invaded by large forces at three points. He calls for all troops I can send. I send him 1,000 to-night, 7,000 to-morrow, and 16,000 more in camp that can be sent as soon as armed and organized. At least 5,000 men are recruited and will be in camp this week. Cannot arms be sent immediately? I have

