
General MORGAN, Cumberland Ford:

The general cannot determine your position from the places you speak of. The are not on our maps and not known to any one here. State where you are, referring to localities mapped or generally known.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, June 17, 1862.

General HALLECK:

There is much i would like to say in reference to the management of affairs in Tennessee since I received the State. I left my position in the Senate not for the purpose of obtaining place and emolument, but to give whatever aid I could in mustering my adopted State to the former position in the Union; this has been my sole object in accepting my present position. I was assured by the President of the United States and Secretary of War that i should be sustained in my efforts to do so, and I was authorized to call upon you for adequate force to carry out all measures deemed necessary and expedient. I have not done so for the reason that I did not wish to be importunate or to manifest a desire to exercise power. I will say this much: this palace has been left to a very great extent in a defenseless condition, thereby keeping alive a rebellious spirit that could otherwise have been put down by this time.

Since I have been here there has been a constant struggle between staff officers, provost-marshal, and brigadier-generals left in command, which has paralyzed all the efforts of Union men in bringing about a healthy and sound reaction of public sentiment. I have now to ask of General Halleck, without going into detail or specification, that he will remove some of these impediments. Captain O. D. Greene, a staff officer, who has been assuming much more that either you or General Buell would have done or even allow, should be ordered elsewhere, and I earnestly hope that there will be a change of provost-marshal of this place and one appointed who is not in direct complicity with the secessionists of this city an a sympathizer with the master-spirits engaged in this rebellion. General if it were left to me, I could suggest the arrangements that ought be made for Tennessee, and which would aid, as I believe, in successfully carrying out the designs of the administration and yourself. In claiming to understand the peculiar position of affairs in Tennessee I do not wish to be considered vain or egotistical. I am willing to place my reputation and all that is sacred upon the part I am called to act. I therefore ask you, general, to sustain me in these requests and in taking the action I recommend. Rest assured that any orders or demands you may think proper to make will be implicitly obeyed and carried out. The demonstrations which have been made upon Lower East Tennessee, causing the people to manifest their Union feelings and sentiments and then to be abandoned, have been crushing, ruinous to thousands. I trust in God that when another advance is made upon that section of the State our position may be maintained, at least until arms can be placed in the hands of the people to defend themselves against their relentless oppressors. I hope General Thomas and his division may be sent in that direction. General Thomas I believe to be truly brave and patriotic, and his sympathies and feelings are for that people

