
arms for 8,000 immediately available. The Austrian rifles must be repaired, as the tubes are all too large and otherwise defective-many of them. I shall have it done here, for if I send them to Pittsburgh, under General Ripley's order, I shall not get them back in a month. On the 14th July I made requisition on the Ordnance Department for guns, caissons, and equipments for six batteries. None have been sent or heard from there and not a battery in the State.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 17, 1862-1 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Am hurrying troops to Kentucky under call from General Boyle. Cannot officer the regiment until I know more of the material to appoint from. Have appointed temporarily officers of experience for several. Can Lieutenant-Colonel King, Nineteenth Regulars, have leave of absence for this purpose-say fifteen days? Will you answer at once?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., August 18 [13], 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

There seems no room whatever to doubt that the enemy is concentrating his main force in the West in Tennessee. Whatever troops are to come here should come at once. I have therefore requested General Grant to dispatch the two divisions you authorized me to call for. Morgan has crossed the Cumberland River again and yesterday captured Boone's Kentucky Regiment at Gallatin, Tenn.

I do not know the particulars yet, but I shall either try the commander as soon as he comes within my control or recommend him for summary dismissal.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 18, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville, Ala.:

Governor Tod telegraphs here that he will send five regiments into Kentucky by Wednesday, the 20th. So great is the dissatisfaction here at the apparent want of energy and activity in your district, that I was this morning notified to have you removed. I got the matter delayed till we could hear further of your movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 18, 1862.

General HALLECK, Washington:

My movements have been such as the circumstances seemed to me to require. I beg that you will not interpose in my behalf; on the contrary, if the dissatisfaction cannot cease on grounds which I think might be

