
eral Jackson went to see him this morning about transportation to Louisville and he was not up. I arrived here at midnight last night and was ready to move at 6 o'clock this morning but Captain Bingham was not to be seen by a general sent to call on him. I confess that I am not exactly acquainted with the importance that attaches to Major Sidell and Captain Bingham. My services in the army are too short to judge by my own experience, but I think that it cannot be right that the promptness of execution of the service required of any person should be relaxed to gratify the personal pretensions of any one. A Captain Clarke, of the Sixth Ohio Regiment, fell out on the march and got into an ambulance, and instead of having himself hauled to camp, had himself taken to Nashville-in short, deserted. The next thing I heard of him was after two weeks a letter came to my headquarters detailing him for duty with Colonel Miller. I directed Captain Kendrick to write a note to Major Sidell about Clarke's case, and inclosed an order to the provost-marshal at Nashville to arrest him and send him up under guard. I find that my instructions have not been attended to, and Major Sidell, besides, returns the letter of Captain Kendrick with an indorsement, to which I call your attention. I inclose the paper.* It will be proper to state that upon the report of the officers detained in Major Sidell's ante-chamber I wrote him a very polite and civil note, to which he replied, denouncing as false their statements. It is since then that Major Sidell has used his office so as not to facilitate the business I have had to transact with him. The denial of Major Sidell was referred to the officers making the report, and they reaffirmed it.

I mention these things because I am sure that you wish the public service to go ahead, not to be stopped while this or that man ruffles his plumes.

For my part, in my own limited vision, I estimate the value of an officer in the precise ratio of his zeal for the service, and if anything crosses him to still go on, and appeal to his superior. It seems to me that any other rule would be productive of discordant action upon too many occasions to be tolerated.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

W. NELSON.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 18, 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville via Manchester:

If General Johnson is at Liberty yet or within your reach send to-night two regiments of infantry and a battery to support him, unless you know of his safety. I apprehend that Forrest may be in pursuit of him with his superior force.

D. C. BUELL.

HUNTSVILLE, August 18, 1862.

General THOMAS:

See that Johnson gets the instructions sent him this morning without fail. Note them yourself.

D. C. BUELL.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

