
you any forces to send out? I think of coming down this evening and back to-morrow. Our whole front is crowded with guerrillas.

THO. E. BRAMLETTE.

There is reason to believe the State is invaded with considerable force. I have nothing but raw recruits. The cavalry force, estimated at from 500 to 5,000, passed from Somerset to London and destroyed 100 loaded wagons, and moved toward Barboursville. General Morgan sent a force to Barboursville. The rebel force in Wayne County may pass by Somerset to London in rear of General Morgan. I regard his command in imminent peril. I feel no doubt he will be attacked on front to-day or to-morrow by a much larger force than his own. Could not Governor Yates send some force to this place? Major-General Wallace and General Dumont will be here this evening. I will avail myself of their services, and virtually give control to General Wallace until General Nelson arrives, whom I expect daily.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

General S. S. FRY, Decherd:

Hold your command in readiness to march to-morrow morning. Notify General Sill also to be prepared. See that the field work is occupied by the troops designated for that purpose-the Thirty-eighth Indiana and the reserve battery. See also that the wagon trains are in position to be protected.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, [1862.]

General FRY, Decherd:

Commence at once gathering in forage from the country. Send out wagon trains under escort. Forage will be found in Elk River Valley. Also get all the beef cattle you can. In all cases give formal receipts, and have everything taken in an orderly way and nothing wasted.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

General FRY, Decherd:

Do you know at what point or on what road or in what direction General Schoepf found the enemy; whether cavalry or infantry and in what force? What railroad is meant? Where exactly is General Schoepf?

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, [1862].

General FRY, Decherd:

Move with your command to Tracy City to-morrow and join General Schoepf, who will also move to that point, if not already there. Com-

