
You can advance up the valley and by the road to the river, or through Crossville, or through Pikeville and Sparta, or along the mountain to Spencer and Sparta, after gaining the top by the Therman or some other road. I am told there is a road along the mountain. Inquire about it. A rocket code has been prepared in contemplation of these operations. Study it well in connection with this subject.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, August 19, 1862-9.10 p. m.

General BUELL:

I attempted to go on the business confided me by way of the Cumberland River, but when within 13 miles of Clarksville found that it had been taken by the enemy and that they were expecting me.

Having no one but my staff, and Generals Jackson, Manson, and Cruft, I returned in the steamer to the Shoals, and came in thence on horseback. The roads are all closed now. No communication at all. What shall be done?

W. NELSON,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

General NELSON, Nashville:

Take Colonel Starkweather's regiment, which should arrive at Nashville to-night, and the two batteries ordered to you, Schultz's and Konkle's, and make your way by forced marches to Bowling Green; from there send the infantry and one of the batteries back to protect the working party on the railroad. Your first step must be to open that route. Starkweather's regiment must return to Nashville as soon as the road is repaired.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE, Commanding Division:

SIR: General Buell desires you to cross your division to the north side of the Tennessee as rapidly as possible (if you have not already done so), and much to Decherd, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, moving from Florence by Masonville, Rogersville, Athens, Madison Cross-Roads, Salem, and Winchester.

The troops which start from Florence must have at least six days' rations carried in the baggage wagons and haversacks of the men. On reaching Athens you will replenish with a similar amount of supplies. The troops which march from Decatur should take six days' rations from that point and go through. The greatest care must be taken to prevent unnecessary use or waste of rations and the men kept on about one-half allowance. Forage must be procured from the country on the line of march and formal receipts given to the owners for settlement hereafter.

24 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

