
with capable and reliable guides in all directions. General Schoepf's scouts also report the enemy in the mountains 21 miles beyond him in quite a large force. That is not very definite in any respect. You should, by means of spies and scouts, keep yourselves thoroughly informed of what is going on between you and Chattanooga. There is a road leading along the mountain from Spencer, Pikeville, and other points by which an enemy could penetrate. You should also look well in the direction of Sparta and Smithville, both for the purpose of detecting any advance upon you and any attempt to pass you toward Nashville.

Collect in a day or two all the forage, flour, and beef you can and then send your supply trains to Murfreesborough to be fed until required. The Minnville Railroad will be open Thursday, and at any rate you should not keep on hand more supplies than you can carry away in your baggage wagons and haversacks. The great problem with us is supplies, and that we must solve by management, and starving, if necessary. It will be quite as difficult for the enemy.

I shall concentrate your division and McCook's at Tracy City or near there and send Crittenden up the Sequatchie Valley to about the Anderson road, and we must be prepared either to fight in detachments or concentrate rapidly, according to circumstances. I have prepared a code of rocket signals by which to control our movements and communicate information. Study it carefully.

Call Wood up to you, or at least have him within a few hours' march, which, for the sake of supplies, will be better, as well as give some protection to the road.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

General WOOD, Manchester:

It will be necessary for you to keep a few mounted men at telegraph station at Manchester to act as couriers, the cavalry having been called from that post.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

Colonel ZAHM,Commanding Third Ohio Cavalry, Woodville:

SIR: It is reported that two carriage horses (unsuitable for cavalry were taken by your command a few days since from Mr. Douglas, near New Market. If such is the case the general commanding directs that you return them. If they are good cavalry horses and necessary to you you can retain and give receipts for them. Three other horses and a mule were also taken from same place and no receipt given. This must also be corrected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

