HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, [1862].

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Supplies for this army must be pushed forward to Bowling Green, to be sent on soon as possible. Have them taken care of and protected there and sent forward as soon as road is open.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 19, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

A Mrs. Cross and party have come here with passes from the provost-marshal of Kentucky, ordering them beyond our lines. I shall order them back. If any harm could be done by giving information they are likely to do it. No more passes must be given to persons to pass the lines without the sanction of the district commander.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 19, 1862-12.45 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding:

This State is invaded in force and will be overrun, and if once done I don't believe it can be recovered.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, TENN., August 19, 1862.

(Received Headquarters Army, August 25, 1862.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

At noon to-day eight regiments of the enemy's infantry, two batteries of artillery, and a cavalry force, strength not known, under Rains, reached Cumberland Ford, with the avowed intention of attacking this position. The force in front is full 20,000 strong, and it is said that re-enforcements are arriving from Knoxville. It is possible that the enemy premeditates an attack, but he will not do so until he tries the effect of starving us out. In any event we will perform our duty. If a Union force of 8,000 men will rapidly advance upon Cumberland Ford and a similar force upon Lambdin's by way of Barboursville the entire force of Rains can be captured. I have operated on all these routes and know their practicability. Lambdin's farm-house is 21 miles southwest of Barboursville, 19 miles from Rogers' Gap, and 12 miles east of Boston. It will be found on the map sent to the Secretary of War and General Buell.

It is said that the enemy captured 100 wagons of supplies at London and sent the wagons for salt.

Our troops are in find condition morally and physically.

The enemy's pickets are within hailing distance of ours.

I sent a dispatch through this morning. I will not be idle.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to General Boyle.)

