HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

Colonel MILLER, Nashville:

It is unnecessary to tell you that to open immediately and preserve the Louisville road is a matter of the most vital importance. I hope your force will enable you to do it without danger to nashville, which of course must not be jeopardized. I send you another regiment. Should the railroad fail, other means must be devised of getting supplies. I desire you to interest yourself in the matter. If my repeated orders had been obeyed in regard to defenses for the guards much of this trouble would have been avoided. There is no punishment too severe for those who have disobeyed.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

Colonel MILLER, Nashville:

I have directed General Nelson to take the Ninth Indiana instead of waiting for Starkweather's regiment. It will return and assist to guard the workmen on the road. Push your defenses.

D. C . BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, [1862.]

Captain MORTON, Nashville:

How are your defenses progressing? Answer in cipher. How many regiments do you consider necessary now to protect the city against a cavalry raid?

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

Major MURRAY,Third Kentucky Cavalry, Athens:

The battalion which passed here on return from scout to New Market was ordered to search for 110 beef cattle captured some days ago on Pulaski and Huntsville road. Did they find the cattle or hear of them?

Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, [1862].

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

To open immediately and keep open the Louisville road is a matter of vital importance.

I apprehend that we have not at present force enough about Nashville for it. If that should be the case we must abandon the Columbia line. It must, however, be kept open until we get down supplies to me two divisions, which will come to it at Athens and Pulaski. They ought to arrive in about six days. Unless the road is then open and

