HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

Colonel STANLEY, Manchester:

Get horses in the country and send dispatch from telegraph office at once to General Wood, to be forwarded to General Thomas. Also tell General Wood to send some cavalry to Manchester to act as couriers.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville:

McCook reports a Tennessee volunteer just in from near Chattanooga; says to enemy have crossed there in large force; they say to attack your position; that they are also crossing near Loudon and Kingston; they may mean to advance by way of Sparta. You must ascertain what is going on in that quarter.

McCook marches to-night, and will probably reach the Anderson road to-morrow. We shall soon see how much they are in earnest in crossing. Schoepf will be at Tracy City to-morrow, if he is not the now; that or Altamont may become a point of concentration for us. Be prepared for anything; and remember that supply is the great trouble with us now.

D. C. BUELL.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, Tenn., August 20, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

While at Decherd I made inquiries concerning the various routes to East Tennessee. The information collected there has been confirmed since my arrival here.

There is a practicable road from McMinnville to Kingston by way of Pikeville, one by way of Sparta and Crossville, and another from Nashville to Knoxville by way of Liberty and Montgomery. If our forces should advance on Knoxville arrangements might be made to ship supplies to Gainesborough or Burkesville and haul them by an excellent dirt road to Knoxville, Tenn.

From either of the towns the road could be kept open with a small escort to each wagon train and the army supplied as it advances and after its arrival at Knoxville.

I have seen a letter from General Johnson to General Nelson, in which he says that if Sparta was held with a sufficient force he could keep the country clear to Burkesville.

I have just heard that the rebels are repairing the Chattanooga and McMinnville road preparatory to advancing in this direction. Have sent out a party of cavalry to ascertain the facts. They are reported to have been crossing the river at Chattanooga for three days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

