
McMINNVILLE, August 20, 1862-9 p. m.

General BUELL:

Have just received your telegram of August 19, 1862. Expect to get reliable information of the movements of the enemy to-morrow morning, both from Dunlap and in the direction of Pikeville and Sparta, from scouts and cavalry patrols which have already been sent out. Hope to be prepared for any emergency. General Wood is within two or three hours' march of this place in the direction of Manchester.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 20, 1862.

General WOOD,On the road from Manchester:

The road must be finished; work at night if necessary. The party is imperatively required elsewhere.

D. C. BUELL.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, Tenn., August 20, 1862.

General WOOD, near McMinnville:

You had better send back an escort to Decherd for your train, as I shall be unable to furnish you with one, having been ordered here before your train was ready. Get ten days' supply of commissary stores, and if in good camp remain where you are. If your camp is not a good one you can move to where the Manchester and McMinnville road crosses Hickory Creek, where you will find a good camp and be within a few hours' march of this place. Have the country explored in the direction of Altamont, and report if a strong position can be taken up near that place, and withal be prepared to march within a day's notice.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 20, 1862-11.10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Captain Brown, quartermaster at Lexington, telegraphs me that one of his men from the Gap, left there on Sunday, reports that rebels attacked General Morgan Sunday in force. Scouts say 60,000. Got under the cliff so that large guns could not reach them. Small howitzers were used to drive them back. Three rebel regiments poured through Big Creek Gap and were near Barboursville in rear. Colonel Garrard left Barboursville for the Gap. General Morgan is said to have sent word to Colonel Garrard that he could keep off 100,000. This is substance of dispatch from Captain Brown. I proposed to send three regiments of infantry, two of cavalry, with battery of artillery, to drive out those in rear, but General Buell thought best to concentrate forces at Lebanon and Nicholasville. I have to-day ordered Major-

