
General Wallace, at Lexington, with three or more regiments of infantry, with two regiments of cavalry and artillery, to prepare to move in that direction. General Wright has not yet arrived. Will you give any orders?

J. T. BOYLE.

CUMBERLAND GAP, TENN., August 20, 1862-noon.

(Received August 24, 1862.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

The enemy still envelops, but evinces no desire to attack us, although his force is so greatly superior to ours in numbers. Enemy occupies a narrow defile 2 1/2 miles this side of Cumberland Ford. The position is very strong, and 6,000 men ought to hold it against three times their number. With 20,000 men in my front and 6,000 in the rear prudence compels me to act mainly on the defensive. Should be we attacked no doubt need be entertained as to the result. The enemy has a twofold object: First, to stare us out, which he cannot do. (Rains inquires everywhere as to the extent of our supplies.) In the next place, the enemy takes advantage of our destitution in cavalry and horse artillery to seize our wagons and fill them with salt,f or which he is famishing. Fifteen hundred cavalry, with four cannon, could cut off their salt expedition. My next courier I will send along the mountain ridge nearly to Rogers' Gap.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

JASPER, August 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

A man by the name of Andrew Johnson, intelligent and vouched for as true to our cause, came in this morning from the vicinity of Chattanooga. He says the rebels have crossed the river from 8,000 to 10,000 strong; that they crossed at Chattanooga and at three other points above Chattanooga, the farthest point above being 16 miles from Chattanooga; that he thinks their object is to forage; that he also thinks they expect us to cross at Bridgeport or below, and that only in this event did they expect to advance into Tennessee and Kentucky; that [he understood they thought our object was to attract their attention here while Morgan took Knoxville and cut the road there. Their forces on this side are scattered, having from 2,000 to 4,000 in a body. They are driving up cattle and conscripts and bring out and shoot Union men. All quiet here.

McCOOK,

General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, Tenn., August 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

Will it be possible to relieve the brigade belonging to General Wood's division, now stationed at Stevenson? General Wood needs them very much, his cavalry force being exceedingly light, and if further informa-

