
tion proves true, that the enemy are not advancing upon this place, I wish to send General Wood's division to Sparta, as the enemy will probably go that way to attack Nashville.

I have information from two or three different sources that they are collecting a large depot of forage near Crossville, on the Nashville and Knoxville road.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, August 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

Your dispatch of yesterday was received this morning. The supply train of the Fourth Division will be sent to Murfreesborough to-morrow morning. I will have the troops in readiness for a move at the shortest notice. Sent a party of cavalry yesterday on the Dunlap road to go as far as Dunlap. Another party on the Sparta road, beyond Rock Island Ford, to hunt cattle and a band of guerrillas reported to be there. Shall send an expedition to Sparta to-night; also one to Pikeville by the Spencer road.

Have spies employed to give information from the direction of Chattanooga, Dunlap, Pikeville, Sparta, and Kingston.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, Tenn., August 21, 1862.

Colonel STANLEY:

Send the telegraph operator to this place at once, as the wires will be here this evening and no operator here. Send six companies to guard the following bridges on the McMinnville Railroad, viz: One 8 miles from Manchester this way; one 9 miles from Manchester this way; one 10 miles from Manchester this way; one 11 1/2 miles from Manchester this way; one 12 miles from Manchester this way; one 14 miles from Manchester this way-six bridges in all.

Place one company at each bridge and have a strong stockade built at each bridge, so that the positions can be defended; and give positive orders to the commandants of companies to allow no straggling nor plundering.

By command of General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Camp Taylor, August 21, 1862.

Colonel L. A. HARRIS,

Commanding Ninth Brigade:

SIR: The following disposition of the Ninth Brigade will be carried into effect without delay: One regiment will be stationed at Stevenson, one regiment will be stationed at Decherd, one regiment will be sta-

