
tioned at Battle Creek, one regiment (bridge guards) will be stationed between Huntsville and Stevenson. Each regiment will be in readiness at all times to move in any direction, as it is possible that when the main army advances the enemy may come upon its rear in such force as to make it impossible to hold such extended lines. Each regimental commander will be prepared for such an emergency. The Decatur line in such an event will be prepared for such an emergency. The Decatur line in such an event will be the first abandoned; next the other line as far as Decherd. A determined effort will be made to hold Huntsville, Stevenson, Battle Creek, and the railroad. If the force at Battle Creek and Stevenson should be forced to retire they should if possible go directly to Decherd, which point it may be important to hold for the sake of the road north, but they should be well assured of being able to make that Junction; otherwise they should fall back on this place, bringing with them al road guards. In that case the road guards between Stevenson and Decherd should fall back at once on Decherd. If Decherd should be seriously threatened re-enforcements will be sent, even to the extent of the whole force at Huntsville. If Decherd should be forced, if our force is sufficient a strong attempt will be made to retake it; it not, and it is not retaken by the army in front, it will be necessary for the whole force from Battle Creek to Huntsville to fall back toward Nashville, probably by Elkton and Pulaski, but always making a stand whenever it can be done with advantage.

These suggestions suppose an advance of the enemy which cannot be resisted with any prospect of success, but a determined resistance is always to be made when there is any hope of success. A command should never surrender. It should, if the post is important, resist whenever success is possible, and even when it is not if the safety of the main body requires it, and if not it should fall back if the attacking force is overwhelming.

By command:

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 21, 1862.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Do not move your headquarters to Louisville. I will write you the reasons. Keep them at Cincinnati.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 21, 1862-12 m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I sent General G. C. Smith from Lebanon in direction of London, and Colonel Metcalfe from Lexington in same direction via Richmond. General Smith is at Crab Orchard, from which place he telegraphs me that one of Colonel Munday's cavalry reached there with intelligence that Barboursville is held by 12,000 to 15,000 rebels, and Mount Vernon, this side, by Scott, with large rebel cavalry and artillery. I believe all this exaggerated, but do not doubt thee is rebel force in General Morgan's rear. There is a large force in his front. It is hazardous to attempt

25 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

