
Gallatin, Tenn., yesterday, about 9 a. m., and was compelled to retreat, which he did toward Hartsville, without being pursued. He was attacked again about 4 p. m. and completely defeated. About 450 of his men reached Nashville last evening. The reports come from Colonel Wynkoop, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and stragglers. General Johnson is undoubtedly a prisoner. I cannot tell exactly what his strength was, but it consisted of the main part of three regiments-I suppose about 1,200 men. The disaster is most unfortunate, as it costs us the services of a valuable officer and a large part of the small cavalry force I have. I was apprehensive that his force was insufficient to cope with the force he was likely to meet, and sent instructions to him to strengthen himself with artillery and infantry and keep more within support. I have no means of knowing how it happened that he did not do so.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 22, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Put all your trains at work to bring subsistence to this place from Stevenson and Huntsville. Lose no time. How long will it take you to remove all, say 300,000, rations?

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, August 22, 1862.

General BUELL:

You have no doubt received before this news of capture of General Johnson and most of his command near Gallatin yesterday. To-day at Red River Bridge 100 Federals were captured by the rebels and paroled. Reforms and changes are essentially necessary at this place. I believe it would be to the interest of the country and especially of the middle portion of the State for Ex-Governor Campbell to be placed in command here. I think he would be efficient and would inspire more confidence on the part of the Union men, and * * * with. I hope you will not think it out of place in me when I state that there must be more efficiency imparted to the army in this part of Tennessee or we are doomed to meet with reverses that will retard and protract the war, if not in the end to result in the loss of Tennessee. The conduct of Colonel Mason, Seventy-first Ohio, at Clarksville is not only humiliating, but disgraceful in the extreme. I am gratified to know that your order in reference to paroles was issued before his surrender, and trust we will have some examples now made.

Truly,ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 22, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville:

If Governor Campbell has been appointed I will very willingly put him in command, but it may happen that a senior would unavoidably fall there, and if he were capable I could not keep the senior out of com-

