
mand. I should like Governor Campbell to understand that matter rightly, but as far as possible I would wish to avoid the dilemma. Please answer in regard to his appointment. I had prepared to put General Smith in command, but can find important service for him elsewhere.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 22, 1862.

Colonel HARRIS, Battle Creek:

Have your command (two regiments and two batteries) in readiness to march to-morrow morning upon further orders. You must bring all provisions with you. Leave tents in preference to provisions.

Your movement may depend on the direction which Bragg, whose advance it is said will reach Sequatchie Valley to-day, takes to-morrow. My further instructions may authorize you to act on that point. Therefore take all possible means of informing yourself in regard to it. Send out reliable scouts immediately to ascertain whether Bragg's advance is actually on Walden's Ridge, as reported, and answer at once.

D. C. BUELL.

HIGGINBOTTOM TURNPIKE, August 22, 1862-8 a. m.

General BUELL:

Three of my spies came to me this morning 10 miles from Anderson's and said: Bragg in command; Cheatham's division crossed the river on Friday last; up to Wednesday thirty-three regiments have crossed; six regiments crossed last night. Hardee is there and is crossing to-day. General Withers is crossing at Harrison; had crossed eleven regiments on Wednesday. General Cheatham is in command of Polk's corps. General Polk second in command. Brigadiers Stewart, Slaughter, McNair, and Maney are there. McCown is crossing at Kingston. Brigadiers Hilliard, and Leadbetter are with him. The troops that are crossing are well armed and have good artillery. The advance of the enemy had reached the top of Walden's Ridge, and last night a force was marching from Seeno [?] toward the Anderson road to Tracy City. There is very little stock in this valley. I am fully convinced had I marched to Anderson I would have lost the train. This news is reliable. The enemy intend marching upon McMinnville. I expect to be there Sunday. I now find there is no road for wagons leading from Tracy City to Anderson road except by Altamont.

A. McD. McCOOK,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 22, 1862.

General McCOOK, via Battle Creek:

Your dispatch received. I can hardly credit that McMinnville is the immediate destination. It seems to me rather that they will aim at Battle Creek and Decherd. I may be mistaken. Be careful to send any information that may help to decide the point. At any rate you should not get too far from the valley, so that if desirable we may turn and attack there. Gain and send me all information possible; every-

