
and will at all times take all military precautions for the protection of the train and your troops. You will continue to move with trains to and for between Athens and Reynolds.' In moving to-morrow you must get two competent guides and not mistake the route. Move by the shortest and best road. It is through the road by Lawrecenburg is the best, but of his you must inform yourself. See that no time is the best, but of this you must inform yourself. See that no time is lost in moving to and for with the trains between Reynolds' and Athens.

Report by letter to these headquarters from time to time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1862.

General MITCHELL, Huntsville:

The supplies are only intended for troops in passing. It will be enough to have at Athens 200,000 rations of provisions and 120,000 rations of forage, and 50,000 rations of provisions and 25,000 rations of forage to meet the troops when they arrive at Decatur not be crossed over the river. Work on the road will permit the arrival of the troops somewhat beyond the troops somewhat beyond the 22nd instant.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 19, 1862.

Captain SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: The following trains are put under your charge, viz: One hundred wagons from Wood's division, 75 from McCook's division, and 35 from Crittenden's division. They are now on north side of Tennessee from Crittenden's division. They are now on north side of Tennessee River awaiting your orders. You are directed to take charge of them at daylight in the morning and to report in person to Colonel McCook, commanding Second Indiana Cavalry, for orders. The train is to be taken to Reynolds' Station, on the Nashville

and Decatur Railroad, about 10 miles north of Pulaski. You will there find rations and forage, and will have the wagons loaded with the same, and they will then be conducted to Athens, Ala., where you will have the supplies properly stored and guarded and held subject to issue to the troops of this army. Having deposited the first load at Athens, the train will be at once sent back to Reynolds' for another load. You had better remain at Athens in charge of what is brought-the first load-unless there is a quartermaster from General Mitchell there for that purpose, in which case he can be left in charge and you move again with the train.

Let the trains be loaded at the rate of two rations of provisions to one ration of forage.

You should have some quartermaster's funds with you to pay guides, &amp;c. Colonel McCook is with his cavalry on the north side of the river.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

