
been sent to Chattanooga. I therefore do not apprehend any attempt to seize North Alabama.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 22, 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville:

Have received your dispatches. Johnson attacked Morgan near Gallatin yesterday and was defeated. He and the principal part of his force are doubtless prisoners. Wynkoop and about 480 men got into Nashville last evening.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, August 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Three companies of cavalry that have been organized at Paducah are offered. A regiment can be raised there. Country west of Tennessee is overrun by rebel guerrillas and the Union people are subjugated. I beg that General Strong be authorized to raise the regiment.

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, August 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Under our State laws all persons eighteen years of age are subject to draft and to military duty. They are not in a military sense under our law. It is absolutely necessary to muster them. I have so ordered Colonel Seawell. Any different action will cause delay that will be ruinous. Major-General Wallace is waiting for the men. I hope it will be approved. The Governor and Adjutant-General Finnell are of the same opinion.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 22, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Just received following dispatch from General Carter. I have ordered Major-General Wallace to proceed to relief of General Morgan.

LEXINGTON, KY., 22d.

General BOYLE:

I left Cumberland Gap on Tuesday, at 11 o'clock. The enemy was in front of the Gap in force, but all was quiet. On Sunday eight regiments of rebel infantry and one of cavalry crossed the mountain at Wilson's Gap. On Monday the cavalry entered Barboursville and on Tuesday the infantry occupied Flat Lick. More troops were to follow. It will require great and prompt efforts to save our army at the Gap.

S. P. CARTER.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

