
LOUISVILLE, KY., August 22, 1862-10.10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch dated 19th, via Lexington, from General Morgan, says the enemy envelops him. His picket extends across the mountains on either flank of the Gap, hoping that Morgan will evacuate. General Morgan will never do it. He calls on me to open the road. Cavalry and horse artillery he says must be used; says his supplies are limited. I have ordered General Wallace forward with cavalry, infantry, and artillery.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 22, 1862-4 p. m.

Colonel STAGER,

Superintendent United States Telegraph:

General G. Clay Smith is fighting enemy at Crab Orchard to-day. Says don't know their force. Asks for re-enforcements. Telegraph still down to Nashville. No trains running south of Bowling Green.

SAM. BRUCH,

Assistant Manager Telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., August 23, 1862-11.10 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

I arrived here this morning, in obedience to orders from Major-General Buell, to assume command of the troops arriving in Kentucky, to repel the threatened invasion of Kentucky and Tennessee north of the Cumberland River. I was directed to organize these troops into brigades and divisions and enforce discipline and instruction without an hour's delay. Two batteries of artillery are ordered to join me from Nashville, both of which accompanied me to Franklin, Ky., where I left them last night. Generals Manson, Jackson, and Cruft accompany me on this mission. The rebel General Kirby Smith is moving in the direction of Burkesville, on the Cumberland River, with 15,000 good troops. My business was to meet him and drive him back. I find here Major-General Wright, who arrived in this city one hour before, and is announced to command the new Department of the Ohio. Under these circumstances shall I return to my division? I solicit your orders in the premises.

W. NELSON,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 23, 1862.

Major-General NELSON, Louisville, Ky.:

You and the officers under your command will remain in the new Department of the Ohio, and render all possible assistance to General Wright in driving the enemy from Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

