HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In Camp, June 19, 1862.

General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

I am directed by the general commanding to send to you the bearers of this communication, J. P. Abbot, L. G. Morton, and T. D. Morton,

of those loyalty the general is satisfied. They desire to enlist in the regiment of cavalry attached to your division. You will put them in the way of accomplishing their object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

------

------

,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS, June 20, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The engine sent by the river to this place proves to be worthless. I have ordered an inspection and report on it by competent engineers.

The river between here and eastport is fast falling, and troops here are already dependent on the railroad for supplies. The cars landed here cannot be used to the west until the bridge at this place is finished, and that is dependent on timber, which was to be sent by General McPherson, but has not arrived.

D. C. BUELL.

Confidential] NASHVILLE, June 20, 1862.

Colonel FRY:

I wish to call the attention of the general to the outrageous proceedings of the recent expedition to Chattanooga. I have reports from several reliable officers with the expedition that outrages of every sort were perpetrated on friend and foe alike. The line of march is one scene of pillage and robbery. Officers have aided and encouraged and benefitted by the pillage. General Negley laughed at and did not attempt to prevent the outrages which came under his notice.

As I am informed, hundreds of Union men in East Tennessee have

been transformed into secessionists by this expedition. I am told that all men who declared their Union sentiments on the line of General Negley's march were after his retreat either run out of the country or murdered. The expedition was a miserable failure. i am reliably assured that, all reports official or otherwise notwithstanding, the troops in Negley's and Mitchell's commands, with few exceptions, have become bands of robbers and thieves.

For God's sake let something be done for relief. When you get a little farther east you will hear enough.

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Camp near Florence, June 20, 1862-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs that you commence, not later than 3 a. m. to-morrow

