
cooking utensils. I shall probably leave here with Sill's brigade to-morrow for Tracy City to join you.

Communicate always in cipher by telegraph to this place and by courier through Tracy City. Schoepf sends a report that Hardee is advancing on the Dunlap road. Answer, so that I may know exactly what you do.

Your staff officers make mistakes in the use of the cipher.

D. C. BUELL.

DECHERD, August 23 [22], 1862.

General THOMAS:

Have you any information of the enemy either on the Dunlap or Therman road or any reason to suppose they crossed the Sequatchie Valley?

We must be reasonably sure of being able to form our junction before they reach Altamont. McCook will have 30 miles to march; you will have 22. When can you reach Altamont? Answer.

D. C. BUELL.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, McMinnville, August 23, 1862-10 p. m.

General BUELL, Decherd:

Your dispatch received at 8 p. m. I sent you the result of General Wood's reconnaissance yesterday. Shall be able to start to-morrow morning for Altamont with two brigades of the Fourth Division and two brigades of the Sixth Division. Will try to reach Altamont to-morrow. Will leave one brigade Fourth Division, here to protect the extra wagons and baggage. Have not been able to hear anything further of the enemy's advance by Dunlap.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

*DECHERD, August 23 [22?], 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

From information received from General McCook this morning it seems almost certain that Bragg is marching on McMinnville. His advance was at the top of Walden's Ridge last night.

McCown is said to be crossing at Kingston and Withers at Harrison. Of course they will expect to unite.

What sort of ground can we take by concentrating at McMinnville?

How would it do to fight them at Altamont? Is the ground such as to give us the advantage of our artillery? How many days' rations have you? Are you provided with ammunition? Be ready to march in the morning. Answer immediately.

D. C. BUELL.

DECHERD, August 23, 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville:

Take two batteries instead of one; and if you think it will not retard your progress take three if you think best.

D. C. BUELL.

---------------

*Should follow Thomas to Buell, p. 391.

--------------

