
quarters at Louisville is this: There are two factions there, the Speeds and the Guthries, very jealous of each other. It will be difficult if at Louisville for you to keep clear of these two factions, so as not to offend one or the other. Be on your guard against them even at Cincinnati.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 23, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: General Ripley telegraphs to ordnance officer here that by your directions no further issues of small-arms, equipments, cannon, and carriages will be made except on requisitions approved by the Ordnance Department. This order will seriously delay the equipment of troops here, and I earnestly request that it be countermanded. An Indiana battery now here was about receiving its guns and equipments. It would have been ready to-morrow; it may now be delayed weeks. Some of the Kentucky regiments are not yet armed, and there is an Indiana regiment here to be supplied. Others may yet arrive.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., August 23, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE:

GENERAL: Major General William Nelson, with the brigadier-generals from his late division, having been assigned to duty in this department by order from Washington, goes to Lexington to-morrow, to assume the command of the troops at that point and vicinity and at Lebanon, thus relieving you from the duty for which you promptly volunteered when the services of general officers were so much needed.

In thanking you for the efficient services you have rendered permit me to express the hope that you will continue to aid General Nelson incase he should temporarily require the assistance of general officers.

To Major General C. M. Clay, whose proffered services you accepted, the thanks of the Government are due, and I must ask you to express to him my own sense of the obligation. I trust that he too will render any aid in his power to General Nelson.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., August 23, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Lexington, Ky.:

Stop your advance at Richmond till further orders; ascertain if possible in regard to enemy between Richmond and Cumberland Gap by means of your cavalry force and otherwise. General Nelson reports the

