
morrow, to cross the baggage train of your division, leaving on this side three baggage wagons to a regiment and ammunition (in wagons) enough to make 100 rounds with what the men carry. The men must keep three day's rations with them in haversacks and bivouac on this side, sending their baggage over, except the necessary articles of supplies, which can be carried in the three wagons to a regiment to be retained.

As soon as your train is over the same orders will apply to the Fifth Division (Crittenden's) and then to the Sixth Division (Wood's), and you are required to notify them accordingly to be ready, and then send them word when to have their trains at the landing.

If the divisions can get rations from the boats expected so as to have on this side four or five day's supply it will be preferable to three.

If General Crittenden is unable to get rations from the boats to morrow morning you must share yours with him.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, June 20, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

In obedience to your orders Major Shanklin, Forty-second Indiana, has been placed under arrest. I have investigated the case fully, and it will be shown that Major Shanklin had pickets and sentinels well posted; that he had been anticipating an attack for some days, was notified of the proximity of the enemy that night at 12 o'clock, called his officers around him, and sent out a party of scouts in search of the enemy's camp, who actually found the camp; had his men roused, their muskets loaded, and orders given to sleep upon their arms. Many officers remained up nearly the entire night, the accused among the number.

A short time before day, knowing that a party of cavalry had been sent from Shelbyville to re-enforce them, and supposing these had been mistaken for rebel cavalry, the officers laid down, Just as reveille was sounding the attack was made, the enemy having by a very circuitous route passed from the front to the rear of the encampment and came through a wood and filed between the pickets and the camp and thus effected a surprise, being seen by the picket only after they emerged from the wood and were between the pickets and the encampment. The fight, we all know, was a most gallant one, men rallying rapidly behind some fallen timber, whence, by a well-directed fire, they drove the enemy in confusion from their camp, killing 7 men and 9 horses, who were left on the ground. I hope you will order the release of Major Shanklin, as it is next to impossible to get any witnesses other than those of the Forty-second, five of whom I have examined.

O. M. MITCHELL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 20, 1862.

General BUELL:

Your dispatches of the 16th and 17th just received.

Captain Yates reports that we can cross 300 troops each trip, two trips per hour. We can take 5 wagons with their teams at each trip.

