
McMINNVILLE, August 24, 1862.

[General BUELL:]

It seems impossible to get more reliable information. Reconnoitering parties can get but little information from citizens.

THOMAS,

Major-General

DECHERD, August 24, 1862.

General THOMAS:

Leave no troops.

D. C. BUELL.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 24, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Our flag of truce returned yesterday afternoon. The enemy's officers were very boastful; declare they will have possession of the Gap in ten days; that Price is to invade Kentucky at the head of 60,000 men; that General Buell will be cut off. The enemy has sent 200 wagons to Goose Creek Salt-Works. Of that number 100 were captured between Cumberland Ford and London.

All was quiet on Tennessee front on yesterday, but there was a movement of troops toward our right flank. To-morrow I will send out a short distance a foraging party. We must gain absolute possession of our line to Lexington before we can commence the construction of the military road. I would say more were it not for the danger of my dispatches falling into the hands of the enemy.

Colonel Garrard has verbal instructions.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Cullum, Washington, D. C.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 24, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The order was made to prevent double issues of arms and equipments for the same troops. A battery of guns and equipments have already been sent to the Governor of Indiana for the identical company we were about to supply. Indiana has been authorized to raise six batteries, and supplies for all of them have been sent to Indianapolis. Arms have also been sent to Indiana for every regiment of troops she has raised. Illinois and Ohio and every State in your district has in like manner been supplied. As the ordnance officer at Louisville can telegraph to the Department for authority to issue arms and munitions, there can never be a delay of more than a few hours to obtain authority from here. An order will instantly be sent to Lieutenant Edson to issue the guns and equipments for the Indiana battery and part of the guns on the way to Indianapolis will be stopped.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

