
[CHAP. XXVIII.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 24, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Louisville, Ky.:

Adjutant-General McLean is ordered to report to you at Cincinnati with all the archives of the Department of the Mississippi. I know so little of the enemy's present position in Kentucky that I cannot advise as to your movements. I, however, call your attention to the following: First, to mass your troops on some important points, so as to meet the enemy with superior numbers; second, to re-enforce General Morgan as soon as possible; third, to reopen your communication with General Buell. General Grant has been directed to retake Clarksville.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., August 24, 1862.

Brigadier General DUMONT, Lebanon:

Several regiments will be sent to Lebanon as fast as transportation can be furnished. You will place your force in readiness to march on a moment's warning. The enemy are advancing from General Morgan now and are near Crab Orchard. Major-General Nelson has been assigned to command of troops at Lexington and Lebanon.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., August 24, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

Yours of this date is received. The Seventy-second Indiana Regiment, which came here with me a few days since, is wholly without transportation, and such is the case as it respects the cavalry which has rendezvoused at this place to be mustered into the service. It should I think be mustered in at once. It is utterly without discipline, and disturbances are very frequent. I consider myself wholly without cavalry, though it is here, and beg, if it is possible, that some cavalry be sent forward. I will have my command in the best state of readiness possible. I hear bad news from Bowling Green. If proper, would like to know the facts and the strength of the enemy that took the place.

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General.

General Dumont being wrongly informed as to Bowling Green. No such news by telegraph.-OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lexington, Ky., August 24, 1862.

Brigadier General E. DUMONT:

Your telegram received. Transportation will be furnished as speedily as possible. None here now. Cavalry will be mustered in as soon as reported ready by State authorities, who have been advised of your wishes.

