
[CHAP. XXVIII.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL, August 24, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

I am doing everything in my power to send troops. We have over 50,000 men raised, but the paymasters and mustering officers have but recently arrived, and the regiments have but just completed their full numbers, and have been without tents, blankets, uniforms, &amp;c. We will send you direct to Louisville one regiment by to-morrow, and during this week hope to be able to send off from six to ten regiments and during the next week from ten to fifteen more. One regiment left Chicago on Saturday for Cairo; two more are under marching orders for Cairo, and three for Saint Louis. If you desire to change the direction of these inform me immediately. Also please advise me how many of our regiments you can supply with arms.

I fully appreciate your condition and am working day and night to get our troops off. Please give me positive directions in each case whether to send to Louisville or to Evansville or elsewhere. General Tuttle telegraphs me that General Grant wants six or eight regiments.

RICH'D YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 3. Louisville, Ky., August 24, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. Boyle is assigned to the command of the troops in and about Louisville, Ky., and of such detached forces within the State of Kentucky as are not under the command of Major-General Nelson; and troops arriving in Louisville will be dispatched by him to their destinations under such instructions as he may received from these head quarters. He will continue his headquarters at Louisville, Ky.

All matters not purely military occurring within the State and not taken cognizance of by Major-General Nelson will be referred as heretofore to Brigadier-General Boyle for his action, under such instructions as have been or may hereafter by furnished him..

By command of Major-General H. G. Wright:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 24, 1862-12.45 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There are three companies of cavalry at Paducah, as reported to me, and it seems to me it would be well to authorize the raising of the regiment by the officer commanding at Cairo. The draft is ostensibly the reason with many for joining the rebels, and they are entering in rebel service in that section. The enemy is reported advancing to central portion of the State from General Morgan's rear-supposed to be Kirby Smith's army.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

DECHERD, TENN., August 25, 1862,

Via Cairo, August 26, 1862-3 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The want of cavalry in sufficient force for reconnaissance in the ex-

