
tensive region through which the enemy may approach with mountain intervention to screen his movement makes us mainly dependent on spies and other sources for information in regard to his position until he is actually within reach. I have no doubt that I can concentrate my whole force in advance of this, my present information being that the enemy has not yet passed the Sequatchie Valley in force, although he is certainly on this side of the river. The difficulties of the last two months in keeping open our communications make it plain that no permanent advance into East Tennessee can be attempted without a much larger force than is at present under my command. While the enemy maintains his present attitude and strength every step in advance increases the demand for the main body to protect our lines. For the present no more can be attempted than to keep the enemy back by giving up some of our railroad lines. I hope to have a force about Nashville which will make the city secure against cavalry demonstration, reopen the road to Louisville, and still leave a concentrated force of about 30,000 men, but this force is altogether insufficient to render the State secure or exert much influence and control over the population. The necessity for removing troops from points heretofore occupied is to be much regretted. The whole country swarms with irregular cavalry or guerrillas, who keep down anything like exhibition of loyalty. I attach so much importance to the only foothold we have in Alabama that I have determined to hold on to Huntsville and the road from there to Stevenson even at the great risk to the small force I can possibly spare, trusting to early re-enforcements to make it more secure.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

The Secretary of War directs that you seize in the name of the United States all cotton purchased or shipped by officers and men in the military service of the United States and turn the same over to the Quartermaster's Department, to be sold on account of whomsoever it may concern.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 25, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

I want the Tracy City Railroad tried, to determine whether it can be used with any engines you have. Can it be done to-day? Your other work is pretty well completed.

D. C. BUELL.

DECATUR, August 25, 1862.

(Received August 25.)

General GRANT, Corinth:

Bragg has crossed the river at Chattanooga and two other points above with a very heavy force. Can you do anything to help us? It should be done quickly. Can you not at least throw a division across

27 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

