
This enables us to cross a regiment (700) with 15 wagons in six trips or three hours. Our train of wagons passed the tunnel to-day, making our haul but 23 miles. We will have in Athens to-morrow for the use of your troops about 150,000 rations of provisions, though the invoice is not received. We can transport by rail 18 wagons and their horses and 1,500 men at each trip. The running time from Athens to Stevenson will be about six hours.

O. M. MITCHELL,

Major-General.

FLORENCE, June 20, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM, Nashville:

About 200 wagons with two battalions of cavalry start for Reynolds' Station to-day to carry supplies to Athens.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Florence, June 20, 1862.

General MITCHELL, Huntsville:

About 200 wagons, under escort of two battalions of cavalry, start this morning for Reynolds' Station to carry supplies to Athens. Continue your guards, which need not be very large, at the ferries for the present. Our troops are working at Town Creek Bridge. It will take seven days yet to complete it. A few companies are at Courtland to guard the trestle work there. The telegraph is being carried forward. You can judge best whether you can send a party from Decatur to meet it. The dancer, I think, is only from guerrilla parties. Can timber be procured conveniently at Stevenson?

D. C. BUELL.

[JUNE 20, '62. - For strength of Buell's army, as stated in Tri-Monthly Return of this date, see statement for June 10, p. 5. The two reports are identical except as to dates.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

General Buell directs that you send out and keep at Frankfort and Russellville a party of mounted men (one company at each) to observe the movements reported upon to-day by Major Paramore. The companies on duty at these points should not leave there until regularly relieved, and should be instructed to send you prompt information of everything that transpires. The general does not deem it best present to order in the regiments of your division now to the eastward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

