
[CHAP. XXVIII.

he speaks of four brigades of infantry and 1,500 cavalry-in all about 9,500 men-having passed through Rogers' Gap, but does not say whether this is the same force as that referred to in previous dispatch. I am inclined to believe it is a distinct one. His men are in good spirits. I am urging the sending forward of new troops by every means in my power. Shall leave at 4 o'clock for Frankfort and thence to Cincinnati, where I expect to arrive to-morrow.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., August 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Have I authority to call for troops from any State in the department except Michigan, without regard to the wants of other departments, or have they been distributed by order from Washington? Governor Yates notifies me, in answer to my urgent appeal for troops, that General Grant wants six or eight regiments. He has sent one regiment to Cairo. Two more are under marching orders for that place and three for Saint Louis.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 25, 1862-10 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

You, as commander of the department, have control of all the troops raised or to be raised within it unless their employment elsewhere be directed by the general-in-chief or by the War Department.

The general-in-chief, before you entered upon your command, ordered three regiments from Illinois to Saint Louis. All other troops in that State are subject to your order. I will so instruct Governor Yates.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 25, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Gap, Tenn.:

You will hereafter report to Major-General Wright, at Cincinnati or Louisville.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND GAP, TENN.,

Via Lexington, Ky., August 25, 1862.

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

A soldier from Houk's regiment arrived last night. He reports that at noon on the 17th instant his five companies were attacked at London, [Ky.], by 1,500 cavalry. The affair lasted one hour and a half,

