
[CHAP. XXVIII.

road is very good and the mountain quite easy of ascent. The descent on this side is easy enough by four roads, all diverging from Altamont, the first going by Beersheba to McMinnville, the second by Hickory Creek to McMinnville or toward Manchester, the third also to Manchester and to Decherd by Pelham, and the fourth to Cowan. The Beersheba road is excellent for a mountain road.

The question is how to meet an advance which may take either of these routes through Altamont. The best positions we could take would be McMinnville, Altamont, and on the Therman road just this side of the Sequatchie Valley. We should not only be able to concentrate against an advance on that road or the Sparta road, but also threaten his flank if he should attempt to go into North Alabama by Battle Creek; a not improbable thing on many accounts.

The difficulty of supplying ourselves on the mountain is I think the only objection to the disposition I mention.

Did you leave any force at Altamont? McCook, Crittenden, and Schoepf are at Pelham. I have ordered the railroad and telegraph re-established immediately.

Be sure to be informed the moment the enemy enters Sequatchie Valley and which direction he takes.

Forrest and Morgan are reported at Lebanon, to attack Murfreesborough or Nashville. Give me all the information you can obtain. If the telegraph fails send couriers with cipher dispatches without delay. Gather all the supplies you can from the country. I directed Nelson to build a small redoubt or stockade, which would protect the depot with four or five companies. Has it been done? A strong stockade would be the best.

Did you send any of our force to Murfreesborough when you left McMinnville? Davis' division crossed at Eastport four days ago and Paine's is across or crossing at Lamb's Ferry and Florence. Do you know a colonel fit to command a light brigade of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, to operate against Forrest? McCook, Crittenden, and Schoepf are at Pelham.

D. C. BUELL.

NOTE.-The foregoing dispatch is in answer to General Thomas' dispatch of the 27th and should be dated the 27th.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 26, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN, Cumberland Gap, Ky.:

Your dispatches to the 21st are received. Every exertion is being made to accumulate the force needed to open communications with you. Governors of States respond promptly to call for troops, which are arriving rapidly. Husband your subsistence as far as possible. The good spirits of your troops is most cheering.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 26, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Forces ordered from Henderson attacked rebels under Johnson at Madisonville; killed 6, captured 17, others field; Johnson giving out that

