
he would return with the forces that took Clarksville. Home Guards of Boyle County attacked rebel band over 200 at Shelby's farm near Danville, killing several and capturing 20 horses. Morgan robbed the stores at Scottsville of several thousand dollars' worth and returned to Hartsville. No reply to Secretary of War.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CATLETTSBURG, Tuesday, August 26, 1862-12 m.

General J. T. BOYLE:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Bowman has just come in direct from the camp of Colonel Cranor, and I advise as to the state of affairs as they there existed on last evening. The colonel has at his command, including cavalry and infantry, not to exceed in all 1,100 men, and horses and mules, all told, not to exceed 300. The forces which he has good cause to think are about to be brought against him greatly exceed his own, and aid is urgently desired. He will be able to hold his position against very superior numbers, but it is very desirable that an advance be made by him to check the enemy in their progress down the Sandy. Colonel Cranor desired of Mr. Bowman to have you made acquainted with the necessities of the case.

Mr. Bowman has been active among the enemy and made the acquaintance of many, and most particularly one Charles Ferguson, who detailed a plan by which they intended much mischief. The intention of Menifee, Witcher, and Jenkins, noted leaders, is to attack first Ceredo, in Virginia, which is within sight of this city, plunder that town, cross the Sandy and rob and plunder Catlettsburg, and thence proceed to Ashland for the plunder of the bank there located, and thence cross the Ohio to the town of Ironton for the same purpose. This scheme is well devised and can be readily executed, as there are no forces here, Captain Matchett and his command having been withdrawn last week, and this vicinity being without any protection whatever.

Menifee, Witcher, and Jenkins have a command of 500 horsemen, as well as an amount of footmen whose numbers cannot be ascertained, although it is known not to be large.

William Damren, a scout from Pike County, and who was captured five months since by some of Colonel Jack May's regiment and taken to Tazewell County, Virginia, returned last evening. He was paroled some few days since and remained a day or two afterward among the enemy. At about the 16th or 18th instant, as far as his memory serves him, he overheard conversation between officers there present what designs were had upon this region of the Sandy.

In about ten days from that date Marshall, with his division, was to enter Kentucky by the Sounding or Pound Gap, as sometimes called, and May, with the forces at his command, was coming down the left fork of the Sandy and overrun the entire valley to the mouth, and between the two the force would be formidable. The number of the enemy now under arms in Pike does not exceed 1,000 men, but may be increased at any day. These are as near facts as may be known.

In running this country a horse is indispensable, and Colonel Cranor, who is well pleased with the project and desires to aid to his utmost, asks that inasmuch as he has some captured horses an order may be made allowing him to give to Bowman the use of one or two of them as circumstances may require, and he requested particularly that you

