
[CHAP. XXVIII.

might be addressed on the subject. Our expenses for horses thus far used have been $1 per diem, and circumstances might arise when they could not be obtained for hire, and thus some good object frustrated. Colonel Cranor desires that some paper may be sent by which he may be enabled to know that Bowman is acting legitimately. At the time I saw you in person I was not aware that such would be necessary, for the reason that in other cases of the same nature and of which I am cognizant such was not demanded. Bowman's services will be very valuable, and Colonel Cranor desires to avail himself of them, as he told him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

CHARLES R. SMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Decherd, Tenn.:

Yours of the 25th just received. Two divisions of Grant's army were directed to report to you some time ago, and two more placed at Tuscumbia and Decatur as a reserve, if required. He has also sent troops to reoccupy Clarksville and the Cumberland. I doubt if he can spare more, but will try. For want of cavalry, take all the horses you can find in the country and mount infantry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In Camp, August 27, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, [C. S. Army]:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of the 21st instant. The reports of the killing of certain prisoners of war by my troops, as stated in your communication, have never before come to my hearing, and I cannot but believe but you have been misinformed. I will immediately investigate the matter, and if the facts should prove as you suppose I shall most assuredly bring the offenders to justice. That steps should have been taken for investigation before proceeding to retaliatory measures for reported acts of atrocity resting on any other than the most positive evidence is only what would have been expected from every commander who recognizes any rule of humanity in the conduct of war.

With reference to the rule which I have adopted for the parole of prisoners, my Orders, Numbers 41, were published before the arrangement entered into between Major-General Hill, C. S. Army, and Major-General Dix, U. S. Army, came to my knowledge. The rule which I adopted is to recognize no parole which is not given with my sanction, and to require no parole which is not given with my sanction, and to require no parole from prisoners whom I cannot hold, but release them unconditionally. It became necessary from the fact that paroles were demanded and secured from individual soldiers in the army by persons not in the military service of the Confederate States. I cannot see how consequences of a dread character should follow the observance of such a rule, except to those who violate a duty which their Government deems it necessary to enforce upon them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

