HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Gap, June 20, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

It is rumored that General Stevenson has retreated to Abingdon, and that Smith and Barton, with their concentrated forces, are at Knoxville. My telegraphic orders from Major-General Buell of the 10th instant do not permit me to advance upon Knoxville, and I will not until further instructions advance farther than Tazewell, through which General Carter will proceed to-night with his brigade and a battery of artillery. On the 9th instant I directed General Spears to send a force to burn the railroad bridge over the Tennessee River at Loundon. It is rumored that the bridge has been burned. On the night of the 11th instant I was prepared to send a force to destroy the railroad bridges at Strawberry Plains and Mossy Creek. Canteens were filled with oil and turpentine, and bundles of fagots were soaked in the same substance. I was in the act of giving orders for the execution of that design at the time I received General Buell's orders. The enemy greatly exaggerates my strength, and reports my force to be 50,000 strong. Gladness prevails in East Tennessee, and old men and children alike weep with joy at the entry of our troops.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

(Copy to Secretary of War.)

CUMBERLAND GAP, June 20, 1862.

Colonel FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have great need of two regiments of cavalry, and hope that they will be sent me immediately.

The rebel cavalry are committing atrocious outrages, and I have not the means to protect the people. With one regiment much could be done, and with two I could give immediate security to the people of this portion of the State.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 21, 1862.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

General Buell's column is at Tuscumbia. As soon as the bridge at that place is rebuilt he will move east more rapidly. the enemy has evacuated Cumberland Gap. Must very soon leave all East Tennessee. Our troops have reached Memphis, and the railroad connection will be complete in a few days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Tuscumbia:

Yours of the 20th just received. I am still of the opinion which I expressed to you verbally and by telegram, that you should rely upon the railroads rather than the river for supplies. There has not been

