
[CHAP. XXVIII.

Whatever it is necessary for you to take from the country to secure the efficiency or provide for the wants of your command must be taken in an orderly and proper manner, receipts being given in all cases.

Report without fail your own movements and those of the enemy as often as possible, using the cipher in your communications.

You are authorized to take with you any officers not connected with the general supply departments of the army who have been serving on your immediate staff as commandant at Nashville. Report names of any you propose to take.

Do not march from Nashville until you get your infantry regiments both at that place. You must lose no time in concentrating your brigade and taking the field.

You must chastise guerrillas and marauders, but do not make detachments such as would render you liable to be defeated by Forrest or Morgan before you could concentrate.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 27, 1862.

Colonel SHOEMAKER, Stevenson:

Direct Colonel Hunton to leave one company of Michigan Engineers under a good captain at Stevenson to do such work as may be required, and give him instructions then to march to-morrow for this place by the road along the railroad, bringing his empty wagons; the baggage to be left in charge of the company which remains, and to come up with it by rail when ordered.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

McMINNVILLE, August 27, 1862.

General BUELL:

I wrote you this morning by messenger. Forrest was at Woodbury day before yesterday. I shall send two brigades toward Woodbury to-night to try and catch him, and afterward escort the wagon trains from Murfreesborough here.

Was told yesterday on my arrival that Morgan was in Sparta, but a soldier who escaped from Captain McMillin's of Forrest's cavalry returned here last night, says no Confederates are in Sparta except McMillin's company.

Please send me a telegraph operator to-morrow.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 26 [27], 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville:

Thirty thousand rations will go to you by rail to-morrow. Do not fall back from McMinnville. Forrest is said to have but 1,200 at Woodbury, having sent two regiments back to Bragg; Morgan not with him. Two brigades would seem to be a large force to send against him. You

