
The Southern Congress met yesterday. What they will do no one known, but I guess the large force Lincoln is calling into the field will not deter them any. Jeff has the best organized army in the world, and Bragg's especially will do service in Middle Tennessee when they once get turned loose properly. I have not seen any account in the United States papers of the whereabouts of Bragg, but you will soon hear of him in the vicinity of M----. The army is being filled or augmented by renegade Kentuckians. Joe and Tom Barlow, Tom Bibb, and several others are in this neighborhood. No more at present.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. M. McMILLIN.

Black is with me.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 27, 1862.

Major FOX, Tullahoma:

Send tents and camp equipage. Your man should not have been detained at Murfreesborough except in emergency, nor should you have sent him there. In relation to men claiming to be on parole, send facts to General Rousseau, commanding at Nashville, and have them arrested as deserters and returned to you.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 27, 1862-6.10 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch from General Buell has just reached me. The emphatic tone of it, so unusual in General Buell, causes us the greatest uneasiness, and I forward it for your information:
HEADQUARTERS, Decherd, August 25, 1862.

General NELSON:

The most momentous consequences depend on your opening our communications with Louisville without delay. Rousseau is placed in command (without his division) in Nashville, and will co-operate with you as far as his limited means will admit, but the force to protect the road must come from Kentucky. Bragg is on this side of the river with a greatly superior force. The movements of Kirby Smith I consider are aimed immediately at Cumberland Gap.

The relief of Morgan is of course important and not to be neglected, but he feels able to repel an attack, and has supplies from some three or four weeks. There is therefore more time for that, though none to lose, that for the other object, besides the vastly greater importance of the latter. Let me know what you are doing.

You must return the regiments which you took from Nashville.

It may be proper for me to say that General Halleck directs me to exercise authority in Kentucky until the arrival of General Wright.

D. C. BUELL.

Respectfully,W. NELSON,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 27, 1862-12 m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Yours of yesterday to Secretary of War is received. Take horses and horse equipments wherever you can find them. As soon as you get a company muster and arm it. You have control of everything in your

