
department and must act when necessary without referring them, here, as we cannot attend to these details in the different departments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 27, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date is received. I should not have referred the matter of issue of arms to you or to the War Department, but have continued to control the matter myself had not an order been received by Lieutenant Edson from the Chief of Ordnance prohibiting the issue of ordnance and ordnance stores without an approval of the Chief of Ordnance to the requisition. As this order was given with the sanction of the Secretary of War I was bound to observe it, and as it was creating much embarrassment and delay at a time when mounted men were being sent off as fast as they could be raised and armed to break up bands of rebel recruits forming all about me I felt bound to ask its recall. It is now as it should be and was before that order was issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Richmond, August 27, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The enemy have fallen back beyond Rockcastle River. Kirby Smith is at or near Cumberland Ford. He has fifteen regiments of infantry, which cavalry and artillery in proportion. It seems to me that he designs only to cut off the retreat of Morgan, and will remain where he is for that purpose. If this really be his intention he is a much smaller potato than I took him for, for he could have done that just as effectually by coming here, and fed his army in the bargain.

I find that there is no discipline among these troops. Straggling, marauding, plundering is the rule; good conduct the exception. I find this town literally overrun. I have ordered everybody to their camps, and shall enforce the strictest discipline. I shall establish the two brigades here in camp on Paint Creek, half-way between this and Lancaster. Inclosed is the organization of the brigades. I inclose also an order which I have published concerning the conduct of the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry in the skirmish on Saturday.* The cavalry is miserably armed as far as fire-arms is concerned. I will forward the reports of the inspector-general as fast as possible.

I shall require transportation on the scale of 15 wagons to a regiment-one for each company, three for officers, two for ammunition. This allowance we found ample during the campaign of Shiloh. I will direct that the telegraph wire be extended to the different camps. Operators will be necessary.

---------------

*See August 23, 1862. Action at Big Hill, Ky. Page 885, Pt, I.

---------------

