
Permit me to remind you that the cutting of the railroad from Bowling Green to Nashville isolates Buell's army and leaves it without supplies. General Buell's directions to me were to open that road the first thing.

Very respectfully,

W. NELSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Organization of the brigades at Richmond, Ky.

First Brigade.

Brigadier-General MANSON, commanding.

16th Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Lucas.

55th Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Mahan.

69th Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Korff.

71st Indiana Volunteers.

Battery.

Second Brigade.

Brigadier-General CRUFT, commanding.

12th Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Link.

66th Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Elston [?]

18th Kentucky Volunteers.

95th Ohio Volunteers, Colonel McMillen.

Andrew's (Michigan) battery.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 27, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

In addition to the want of tents for my men now going into Kentucky I learn that the Government is unable to supply knapsacks and other articles of less moment. Is the service to be promoted by sending the men in this condition into the field? I fear they will all be returning home sick.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 27, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Colonel Bruce, at Bowling Green, says Captain Atkinson, who came through Gallatin under flag of truce, says Morgan, Forrest, and Starnes have combined their forces and combined force will attack Bowling Green in thirty-six hours. I have directed Colonel Bruce to order Lieutenant-Colonel Bristow's cavalry from Russellville to his relief and I send a regiment from here to him.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 27, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Sent Seventy-fourth Indiana to Bowling Green. Do not believe attack will be made. On Colonel Bruce's dispatch feel it proper to send regiment. General Buell has evacuated McMinnville, Tenn., and burned stores. Bragg and Kirby Smith threaten attack on Buell's army. Smith is likely not in rear of General Morgan. The road interrupted to cut off re-enforcements for Buell. Kentucky will need force faster than it is coming. They come without arms or equipments. Can you not

