
[CHAP. XXVIII.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 28, 1862.

Colonel SHOEMAKER, Stevenson:

A brigade cannot dislodge you. Hold the place. The property must be got away. Lieutenant-Colonel Hunton can remain with you.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 28, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Nashville:

In the order for Miller' brigade I meant to say Bayles' Fourth Kentucky Cavalry and not Haggard's Fifth Kentucky. Bayles is now at Murfreesborough. Retain Haggard's cavalry in Nashville and try and improve it.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 28, 1862.

General THOMAS, McMinnville:

The commissary reports your command rationed to include the 31st. The general directs that no exception or abatement be made in the order to live on half rations, and therefore the 30,000 rations sent you to-day should not be issued for use before the 1st proximo.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,McMinnville, August 28, 1862.

General BUELL, Decherd:

Saturday three regiments of cavalry were at Pikeville, but fell back to Robinson's Cross-Roads, hearing that I was advancing on that road. About one regiment was reported to be at Dunlap, but since learned from a brother of Smith that there were no troops there. He went to Dunlap on Saturday. It was reported to him that Bragg was at the foot of Walden's Ridge, in the valley of the Tennessee, with 40,000 men, awaiting train to cross the mountain.

Smith will bring or send me information by to-morrow of the truth of Bragg's position. He then purposes to go toward Pikeville and endeavor to establish an express line to convey information. I have sent a brigade of infantry on the Murfreesborough road after Forrest, who is at Woodbury with something over 1,000 men. I have also directed the commanding officer to escort a train of provisions through to this place from Murfreesborough. Our provisions will be out in three days and none to be had in this region. Will your order supplies here immediately by the cars? We can get fodder here, but no corn. Troops at this place can watch the direct Chattanooga road, the Dunlap and the Harrison and Pikeville roads, and by the system of expresses to be established by Smith I think I can give you intelligence of the enemy before he can cross Sequatchie Valley.

Would not colonel Harker be a good light-brigade commander? I was favorably impressed with him.

Please send the First Ohio Cavalry; it is very much needed.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

