
the same efficiency in repairing the road to Decatur as has been exhibited between here and Memphis and toward Columbus. I am not satisfied with the progress which has been made. There has been a negligence somewhere which I wish you to investigate and correct immediately. I repeat, the road to Decatur must be put in running order with all possible dispatch. That being done, supplies can be sent to you in abundance. There must be no delay in this matter. Don't wait for timber, but cut it in the forest. McPherson's hands are full and be has no timber at present to furnish you. You already have more than your share of the rolling stock on hand.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FLORENCE, June 21, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am equally dissatisfied with the slow progress in repainting the road. On morning into it a day or two ago I learned that the bill of material sent to General McPherson and which he was to till had been mislaid; parties were at once ordered out to cut timber, which is, however, inconvenient, as it will have to be hauled some distance. The road will be completed beyond this point to Decatur about Wednesday. The work has been much greater than was supposed. Our share of rolling stock could not have been less, and any advantage in that way has been neutralized by some conflict of orders or bungling in the execution at the other end of the line. We have derived no benefit from the road worth naming. The first train of any consequence was interrupted by the depredation on the track yesterday.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Governor Johnson complains bitterly of Captain Greene, assistant adjutant-general, the provost-marshal, and others, at Nashville and asks that they be removed. I hope you will inquire into this, as it is not the first time that such complaints have been made. None but undoubted Union men should be in office in Nashville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

In crossing your division over the river the general commanding directs that you will see that all unauthorized persons are expelled from your command and prevented from crossing with it. By these are meant fugitive slaves and all other hangers-on, white or black, who have not some legitimate connection with the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

-------

-------

,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

