
[CHAP. XXVIII.

General Grant's two divisions to have crossed the river, but I can get no information of their movements. I sent a division to Altamont yesterday. A flag of truce which went from it found the enemy's cavalry outpost about 11 miles. His advance guard was supposed to be about 15 miles.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

DECHERD, August 29, [1862].

Colonel HAZEN:

Could a good battle-field be chosen about Murfreesborough, affording position for [flanks] and rear for a large army?

Report in as much detail as possible in the cipher.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 29, 1862.

Colonel LYTLE, Huntsville:

Your communications are rendered so uncertain by the necessity of concentrating the army at a point beyond supporting distance from you that I deem it proper to withdraw your force from Huntsville. I will give orders for withdrawing the public property, and as soon as that is effected, or if before that time the railroad should be broken so that the stores cannot be removed, you will destroy what stores remain and move by forced marches through Fayetteville to Murfreesborough. You must make the march to Shelbyville in four days at the outside from the time of starting.

Make your preparations quietly and secretly. Do nothing in hurry or confusion. Your intention must not be made known even to your own officers. Inform yourself of the movements of the army as you proceed. It may be necessary for you to govern your movements accordingly, unless you get other orders.

Inform me in cipher of your movements whenever it is possible.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 29, 1862.

Colonel LYTLE, Huntsville:

Two trains are ordered to Nashville to-morrow. They must bring away what commissary stores you do not want, leaving two weeks' supply at least for the hospitals. The sick must be left, and also such convalescents as would be unable to take care of themselves in case the cars do not get through and the troops have to march. The Tenth Wisconsin must be relieved by last train. It is not worth while to bring away by cars old tents and other useless hospital property, but send medicines and hospital stores. A surgeon must be left in charge of hospital. March on 31st, as ordered.

JAMES B. FRY.

