
batteries. Supposed to be twenty-four guns in the rear. General Paine's division supposed all across. Your dispatch directs Mitchell to take post at Antioch, on McMinnville road. Mention the point plainly. I will know what road it is on. I understand the other position in your dispatch perfectly.

Your words to represent places in no instance correspond with those in your key. Will this cipher do to send to Florence? I have no other.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 29, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Columbia:

Direct General Mitchell's division to continue to advance by forced marches. It must take the road to Nashville, but not pass through the city, but leave the city to the left, and take position and Antioch, on the Nashville and Murfreesborough road. Send citizen scouts to Florence with instructions in cipher to move with all possible haste to Nashville. Not a moment must be lost. As soon as those trains go up you must move rapidly to Nashville and take in all the troops on the road.

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 29, 1862.

Colonel SHOEMAKER, Stevenson:

Trains will go to Huntsville to-morrow to bring over the last stores from that place. When they get into Stevenson to-morrow night you will have Simonson's battery loaded on the cars and also all the baggage then at Stevenson an send all the trains up together. The horses with harness of Simonson's battery and your regiment must come here by land, and you should all start, if possible, before daylight on the morning of the 31st.

Direct Major Hull, Thirty-seventh Indiana, to prepare a note for each of his detachments on the line, telling them to march to the north along the road, and let these notes be delivered by the last train. Be particular on this point, as the guards must not leave until the last train passes, and that train should take the baggage of the guards. Old tents may be destroyed. If Major Hull is not at Stevenson some other officer must see to this. It is the intention to evacuate the place, and leave nothing to fall into the enemy's hands which would be useful. The pontoons should be fired just before you start. No locomotives or cars should be permitted to fall into their hands.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &amp;c.

McMINNVILLE, August 29, 1862.

Colonel FRY, Chief of Staff, Decherd:

I wish to fortify at this place, and desire Captain Michler sent here to direct the work. I would suggest to General Buell that a trip to

