
[CHAP. XXVIII.

Green to guard roads, and one is at Cynthiana, on Covington and Lexington road, for same purpose.

The troops are being disposed there upon the line leading to Cumberland Gap and the one to Nashville with a view to operations along both. Till to-day I conceived the first the most important; but an officer (Colonel Garrard) just in from the Gap says Morgan has supplies for sixty days from the 20th. Buell's case therefore seems to demand the first attention, and I shall increase the force on the Nashville line as fast as may be possible. Nelson thinks Buell's case critical, and has urged to-day an immediate opening of the road. Perhaps we could do it, but I don't think so, judging from Johnson's failure at Gallatin. Our troops are utterly raw, remember; don't know how to march or fire, and can't be expected to do much in the way of fighting. Bear in mind that I have not been week in the department as yet, and that an army can't be made in that time out of the raw material. If you say go, they go; but I shall not expect success except by chance, and I don't see yet that we won't gain by a little delay for necessary preparations. This of course supposes Buell not to be in extremities.

Nelson don't like serving in the department; it would be well to relieve him as soon as he can be replaced. In many respects he is a good officer, too changeable however, being influenced too much by every report that reached him. This could be all overlooked if it were not for the rank and his consequent dissatisfaction.

I shall do all I can, and any suggestions or orders you may have to give will be most gladly received.

Very truly, yours,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 29, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I learn from information not entirely reliable that General Buell is in imminent danger from Bragg's superior force. Is it so? Have you been informed? If true, cannot aid be given from Illinois, Indiana, or Ohio? Buell's army is the outer defense of Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana.

JAS. F. ROBINSON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 29, 1862.

Gov. J. F. ROBINSON, Frankfort, Ky.:

I do not believe that there is any immediate danger to Buell from Bragg's force. I have considerable information which leads me to that conclusion. I shall not, however, omit any exertion toward getting troops in Kentucky to make a diversion in his favor or to afford him if necessary material support. Regiments do not come in as fast as I could wish, owing to lack of arms and equipments.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

