
IUKA, June, 1862.

General BUELL and General WOOD:

Last night I sent Jackson's cavalry by way of the bridge of the bridge over Life Creek, on the old Natchez track, to pass to the south of Frankfort, Ala., to intercept the marauders that come up the railroad. If General Wood's cavalry would move on Frankfort I think we can catch them.

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

IUKA, June 21, 1862.

General WOOD, Tuscumbia:

The following communication has just been received at these headquarters. Send to General Buell:

BUZZARD ROOST, June 21, 1862.

General NELSON, Iuka:

Mr. Fox, who is here, says Beauregard is two days' march south of this, with a large force, with the intention of marching to Eastport to destroy public property. They will come into this road between this and Dixon's, as they consider this our weak point. The cavalry are about 15 miles from here-a very large force. I give this not knowing what it is worth, but several persons acquainted give nearly the same story. This was the position of the enemy yesterday. The infantry of the enemy is said to be numerous. They think the force at iuka too strong to attack.

J. AMMEN,

Colonel.

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, June 21, 1862.

Colonel FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff, Tuscumbia, Ala.:

Cars run on Decatur road to Reynolds', 8 miles north of Pulaski. Will push forward supplies. Wright is in Louisville, anxious for something to do. Had he not better inspect the barracks. Only a gap of 22 miles unfinished on Nashville and Decatur road.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 21, 1862.

General BUELL:

The following has just been received from Colonel Sill:

JASPER, June 21-noon.

The enemy crossed in force last night both above and below Rankin's Ferry. Colonel Mihalotzy is certain that they had previously evacuated, but that they returned during the night.

Trains of cars ran all night. I do not know what it means. A cavalry force is also reported in our neighborhood. I regret to fall back, but my position here is untenable, and the voice of all the regimental commanders is that we should proceed to Battle Creek.

It would be well perhaps to accumulate more force at Stevenson. If we ascertain that we are mistaken as to the strength of ;the enemy we will again advance; the distance is only 5 miles.

J. W. SILL.

