HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 29, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM NELSON, Lexington, Ky.:

(Care of Colonel Daniel McCook.)

I have telegraphed to Halleck your views regarding an advance at once to Nashville and requested immediate reply. I don't think we are yet in condition, hence the reference. Am doing all I can to hasten troops forward, but troops I can't make. Prepare your troops for the proposed movement and hold them ready. Where do you prefer having those sent which arrive at Louisville? There is but one regiment there armed. Guthrie will be instructed to have transportation and mechanics ready. Have you any definite information in regard to Kirby Smith and his movements? Garrard says he is in rear of Morgan. It won't do to defeat force send to Nashville, as that opens Kentucky to him and not help Buell.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 29, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Commanding Department:

General Dumont has at Lebanon three regiments of infantry, 400 Indiana cavalry, Konkle's battery, and four guns of Nicklin's battery; part of Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, without arms and equipments, also at Lebanon. At Louisville there is Seventy-fourth Regiment of Illinois, unarmed and without other equipments, and two companies of Sixty-seventh Indiana, waiting transportation to Bowling Green; five companies of Seventy-ninth Indiana and Nineteenth [?] Illinois Battery; the provost guard of Louisville, seven companies-three others partially organized and without arms. One Indiana Regiment at Bardstown.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 29, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

General Ward telegraphs that Morgan is at Glasgow with 2,000 troops, Colonel Bruce despatches from Bowling Green that Morgan passed through or is at Glasgow with 2,000 men. General Ward asks for two pieces of artillery; he has one piece. War has about 1,400 men, I think. He has made no report since in command. Stockade is complete; field work not completed.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Decherd, August 30, 1862.

Colonel LYTLE, Huntsville:

You must march as ordered to-morrow morning and must reach Shelbyville in three days. When you get there, if you learn the army has passed there you must march direct on Nashville and reach there on the evening of the 6th instant. If the army has not passed when you reach Shelbyville you will continue your march to Murfreesborough.

JAMES B. FRY.

