
but retain the guns to march with you. The gun-chests should be filled with shells, not solid shot.

In case the trains should not get in from Huntsville to-morrow you will hold your position until night and then march with your whole force, unless you know that by delay you can cover the movement and, if opposed, force your way through. Colonel Chapin will be instructed to wait until 12 o'clock to-morrow for the train and then force his way to you with what detachments he can pick up on the road. You may not have any trouble, put prudence and resolution will carry you through in any event. Put your baggage on the cars, so as to let your wagons move light. Keep the horses and harness of the caissons to help your guns over the mountains.

I will send two battalions of cavalry down to-morrow to meet you.

Colonel Chapin's regiment will march with you, and the train must take up all the brigade guards this side of Stevenson.

D. C. BUELL.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,McMinnville, August 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Decherd:

A citizen of Livingston came in this morning. He reports that he saw a large force of cavalry coming from Knoxville 6 miles the other side of Sparta. they told him they were on their road to Dixon's Springs, near Hartsville, on the road from that place to Smithville. A citizen of Sparta told him that provisions were being hauled from Sparta and neighborhood to Marmaduke's brigade, in the mountains southwest of Spencer. He also saw six or eight pieces of cannon with the cavalry. They told him they were going to Smithville to get on my flank and rear, ready to attack me from that direction as soon as Bragg and Marmaduke attacked me in front. He saw them on last Thursday. He was a Mexican was pensioner before this rebellion broke out; belonged to Iowa; Thomas' regiment Tennessee cavalry; his name is J. W. Hall. His story seems truthful.

Will send dispatch again to-day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,McMinnville, August 30, 1862.

General BUELL, Decherd:

Sent report of citizen from Livingston at 12 m. to-day. Received dispatch from Captain Miller about 11 o'clock last night from the railroad bridge 8 miles from McMinnville. He was attacked by Forrest's cavalry, 1,500 strong, men dismounted. they were handsomely repulsed and fled, leaving 15 dead on the ground. Sent General Wood with a brigade and some cavalry on the Chattanooga road. He sent cavalry under Major Foster to within 5 miles of Dunlap. Reports that he encountered the enemy's pickets 8 miles this side of Dunlap, which he drove in for 3 miles, coming in succession upon different outposts. Learned that General Bragg was there with three brigades encamped

