HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,McMinnville, Tenn., August 30, 1862.

Captain HENRY R. MILLER,

Commanding Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers:

Major-General Thomas, commanding the United States forces at this place, takes pleasure in commending your gallantry and the heroism of the men under your command in so nobly repulsing the superior force of the enemy brought against you yesterday.

Examples like Captain Attkisson's at the Edgafield Junction and the brilliant achievement from your stockade on the 29th day of August, 1862, gives inspiration to our troops and fresh confidence in their leaders. The example so nobly set is commended for imitation.

Very respectfully,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

ON THE MARCH RETURNING, August 30, 1862.

Major G. E. FLYNT:

MAJOR: My cavalry has returned, having gone within 5 miles of Dunlap.

Major Foster, in command of the cavalry, reports that he encountered the enemy's pickets 8 miles this side of Dunlap, whom he drove in for 3 miles, coming in succession on different outposts. He learned that General Bragg was at Dunlap with three brigades encamped up and down the Sequatchie in the neighborhood. There is also another force some 7 miles higher up the valley.

The people.e with whom Major Foster conversed thought the enemy was working up the walley, but of course they know nothing certainly on this point nor can they be relied on as to numbers. There may be more than three brigades encamped at Dunlap.

Major Foster also reports no water from the foot of the mountain on this side to the foot on the other side, a distance of 15 miles.

I sent a small party yesterday afternoon to Beersheba Springs, who report that they were told by a citizen that a rebel force of 15,000 cavalry was encamped yesterday on Big Creek, 6 or 7 miles from Altamont toward Dunlap.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, DECHERD, August 30, 1862.

No.--.

The following movements of troops are ordered, viz:

1st. The wagon trains and artillery, under escort of the First Brigade, Colonel Walker commanding, to move as follows, to wit: To Tullahoma on the 31st instant; to Keats' on the 1st of September' thence to within 5 miles of Nashville on the 2d; on the 3rd on the Nashville pike; then to halt and encamp, and the commanding officer to report to General Rousseau in person in Nashville for further orders.

2d. The Fifth Division (Crittenden's) will march to Manchester, and there draw 18,000 rations, on the 31st; to Hoover's Gap on the 1st of

