
arrangements for a forward movement in that direction, organizing your forces directly, the making out of the necessary requisitions for supplies, getting information regarding force and position of the enemy, in short anything that can be done when you alm toward getting ready promptly. Let us hear from you in regard to the requisite force for the enterprise, bearing in mind that your troops will all be utterly raw.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., August 30, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The following is a dispatch I have just sent to General Boyle. I send you a copy for information. I received your dispatch this evening and shall act accordingly:

I start in the morning for Danville, Ky., and take all the troops with me from this place except the Seventy-fifth Indiana Regiment, foot, a section of Thirteenth Indiana Battery, and Halisy's [?] Kentucky men, not mustered in. The troops, except the battery, have seen no service and cannot be regarded as efficient troops - officers or men. Such indeed is the case with the troops I take away, with the exception of Colonel Owen's regiment, 400 men. It was a simple choice of evils, and I have made the best distribution I knew under my orders. I notify you of the condition of things, hoping that you may send forward some officers and men that have seen service without delay. Would it not be well to forward the regiment at Bardstown also? This is an important point and I fear the enemy may make a dive for it; but my orders are imperative to march to Danville.

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 30, 1862.

Brigadier General E. DUMONT, Lebanon, Ky.:

I don't know enough of General Nelson's necessities to be willing to countermand his orders. Send mounted messengers to him at Lancaster for further instructions. He left Lexington last night. General Cruft reports severe battle this morning at Rogersville, in advance of Richmond, and asked for re-enforcements. Be on your guard in consequence.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FRANKFORT, August 30, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

The news from Richmond is very unfavorable. Nelson is falling back before a largely superior force. It is feared his forces, untrained, are becoming demoralized. The road in rear is represented as filled with panic-stricken soldiers. Cannot re-enforcements be sent from your city and Louisville?

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor.

