
The War Department having ordered all the troops from this State to Washington, shall I obey the above?

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 30, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Some regiments were ordered here from Michigan and three from Illinois to Saint Louis before you took command. Those orders should be carried out. No others will be given without notifying you. All Illinois troops, except the three regiments ordered to Saint Louis, will move as you may direct.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LEXINGTON, August 30, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

I send you the following dispatch, received a few minutes ago:

ON THE FIELD, ROGERSVILLE, KY.,

Five miles south of Richmond - 11 a. m. to-day.

General NELSON:

We have had severe battle this morning from 8 to 11; had to fall back, but are in good shape now; will fall back farther, near to town (Richmond). Enemy in large fore and perhaps flanking us; some regiments heaved well, some badly. You should come at once with all re-enforcements you can.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

General Nelson started this morning to Lancaster, ordering Anderson's, Hall's, Seventy-third Indiana, and Webster's regiments to follow him via Nicholasville. I have telegraphed above dispatch to him and asked for instructions, but the message must go to Stanford and [be] carried 10 miles to him. I do not know what to do. The regiments have been held by me until I hear from you or him.

DANIEL McCOOK,

Colonel Fifty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 30, 1862.

Colonel DANIEL McCOOK,

Commanding Post, Lexington, Ky.:

Send all remaining force except one regiment to Richmond in answer to General Cruft's call. Go yourself, unless you have a good colonel for the command. Send messenger ahead to General Cruft for information, as it may not be necessary to cross the Kentucky River. Say to General Cruft that he must make the Kentucky River his line of defense and hold it if he is not strong enough for a position in advance. Communicate with General Nelson by several messengers, so that there be no failure, in order that he may act in concert with force at Richmond. Give me all the information you get regarding every force. Send copy of this to General Nelson if possible.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

