
sent the friction primers for Terrill. I have ordered General Burbridge at Louisville to report by telegraph to you. Honorable J. Guthrie informs me there are 1,000 convalescents at Bowling Green and half as many more at Louisville, and I have advised General Boyle to see if Lieutenant Edson can arm and he (Boyle) officer them for protection on Nashville road. General Ward reports that yesterday evening 6 o'clock Morgan left Glasgow, taking the road leading to Greensburg and Columbus Station, at the latter place expected to form junction with forces under Forrest and Buckner, both marching in that direction. Morgan had about 1,200 cavalry. Please let me know caliber, description, and quantity of ammunition you most need.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, August 31, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I have just returned from the river 10 miles this side of Richmond. I received information, which I think reliable, that our forces are completely routed; we lost our cannon. The indications are that General Nelson is captured. Met Colonel McCook going to hold the crossing of the river. There is another crossing 12 miles below, which is more desirable than the one Colonel McCook has, for artillery and men, &amp;c., can cross without a boat. There is also another crossing 5 miles above the one Colonel McCook has; goes to the road crossing the different places. All concentrate at this place, and there is but little difference from Richmond to this by either road.

T. T. GARRARD,

Colonel Third Kentucky Volunteers.

LEXINGTON, August 31, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

General Manson yesterday morning marched his forces to Rogersville and attacked the enemy contrary to my instructions, which were that he should retreat by way of Lancaster. I received dispatches from him at 2 o'clock the previous night, and immediately dispatched him the above instructions and proceeded in a buggy to Lancaster; from there I went on to Richmond, and arrived upon the field about 2 o'clock and found the forces entirely disorganized. After much labor I succeeded in rallying them and forming a new line of battle, but the enemy again attacking vigorously, the line was hopelessly broken and scattered and I was left on the field and am now here having a ball cut out of my leg. I should like to have you come here immediately and give and eye to proceedings, as I am wholly unable to take my saddle.

W. NELSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, August 31, 1862.

General E. DUMONT, Lebanon, Ky.:

Don't move from Lebanon to Danville without further orders.

Nelson

