
has been beaten at Richmond, and it would not be safe for you to march in that direction. I leave for Lexington in an hour or two.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., August 31, 1862 - 12 m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I have received a dispatch from you, dated Cincinnati, August 31, 5.30 a. m., directing me not to move from Labanon to Danville without further orders, saying that you would start to Lexington in an hour or two. I have also received a dispatch from Charles C. Gilbert, colonel and inspector, purporting to be issued by your order from Lexington, dated August 31, 7. 30 a. m., directing me to move forward to Hickman's Bridge via Danville. It is manifest that you could not have reached Lexington at the time the second dispatch was sent, and in point of fact to was sent without your order. Which order am I do obey, and if I march do I take all the troops at Lebanon?

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,

No. 33. Tuscumbia, Ala., August 31, 1862.

I. Brigadier General John M. Palmer, having returned and reported for duty, is hereby placed in command of the First Division, Army of the Mississippi.

II. Brigadier General James D. Morgan will resume command of the Second Brigade of this division.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Paine:

W. H. COONER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, September 1, 1862.

Colonel FRY:

Stock and stores all safe. Thus far have secured at this place 18,000 bushels corn, a quantity of flour, and bacon. I shall need twenty cars to transport these articles to Nashville. I have sent forward a number of cattle and mules. Permit me to respectfully suggest that a small force be left at this point to collect forage, &amp;c. If you require any quantity there is still a large supply in this country. The place is easily defended against cavalry. I shall march all the troops to-morrow unless otherwise ordered.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,McMinnville, September 1, 1862.

General BUELL, Murfreesborough:

Smith has returned from Dunlap. He saw four regiments of infantry and four pieces of artillery - 12-pounders - march up the Sequatchie

