
Valley toward Pikeville Saturday afternoon. Three regiments of cavalry and two small pieces of artillery had previously marched for Pikeville. He was told that this was the advance of a force of 45,000, which was to march on this place by the Dunlap and Therman roads; also by Spencer and Sparta. He was also told that they were on their way to Kentucky. From what he could see these troops were not well provided with provisions. Their arms seemed to be good, but many had shot-guns. they appeared to be in low spirits. Cheatham was in command. Hardee was there; his troops were expected the next day. Smith heard drums beating below Dunlap sunday morning before he left home, but did not see any troops. He met with the same cavalry force on the mountain which has so often been reported to you. He was informed that Bragg had two steamers and one horse-boat at Chattanooga constantly engaged in crossing troops, and that they would bring with them fifty pieces of artillery.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 1, 1862.

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

The reports by members of Legislature that General Wright had fallen back from Lexington not true. General Wright is still at Lexington.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, September 1, 1862.

General ROUSSEAU, Nashville:

The battle near Richmond was more disastrous than first reported here. Enemy at least 20,000, probably 30,000. They will have Lexington and Frankfort and the central towns and this and other cities on the river if aid is not sent. Tennessee and Kentucky can't be held with the forces we have. Morgan and Forrest will take Bowling Green, with all the public stores sent there by General Buell's order, unless you can aid Colonel Bruce. Can you not send aid promptly? Artillery required.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 1,. 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

From information received General Nelson in the fight at Richmond lost all his artillery. It is of the utmost importance that at least six well-trained batteries be sent immediately to Kentucky from Saint Louis or elsewhere. We ask you to order them without an hour's delay. We are back at Louisville in consultation.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

