
NASHVILLE, June 21, 1862.

General HALLECK and

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There is great need of two cavalry regiments in East Tennessee, and I trust that it will be in your power to have them sent. The rebel cavalry are committing the most atrocious outrages upon the people, and there are no means to protect them. With two good cavalry regiments immediately security and protection could be given to the people.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Governor of Tennessee.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 21, 1862.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville:

You are authorized to raise two regiments of cavalry for three years or during the war. The Government has not a single regiment a tits disposal that can be sent to you. A premium of $2 for each recruit accepted and one month's pay in advance upon the company being mustered in is now authorized.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Under the circumstances, and in the view of the Secretary's dispatch of the 17th* to you, and of a previous day to me,* which I mentioned to you, I understand that General Boyle is assigned to the duty of raising troops in Kentucky and not to the command of them. I suppose that to be the meaning, and request to be informed if I am wrong.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 22, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

You know everything about General Boyle that I do; deal with him as you may deem best.

Captain Greene and the provost-marshal at Nashville are very much complained of by Governor Johnson, and he demands that both be removed. Perhaps it would be best to make some change. I leave it, however, for you to determine.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

General Morgan reports that he trued the enemy's position at Cumberland Gap and occupied it at 3 o'clock p. m. on the 18th. The enemy evacuated at 10 o'clock a. m., leaving a number of pieces of artillery and some stores.

D. C. BUELL.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

