
suggest that a force of disciplined troops, who have seen service, be sent to this department. I know too little of the operations elsewhere to speak with confidence as to the source from which such troops should be drawn, but I would suggest the army of General Curtis at Helena, and perhaps some regiments from General Grant's. We have an active, enterprising enemy now within the State of Kentucky, and from reports, more or less reliable, they are still coming. New regiments may be sent, even in increased numbers, to supply the places of those thus withdrawn.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 2, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Granger's division has been ordered from Corinth to Louisville, Ky. General Grant reports that this is the only division which can be spared from West Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Pursuant to General Wright's instructions I telegraphed the commanding officer at Alton as soon as companies of the Thirteenth Infantry were relieved to send them here instead of Memphis and to notify the quartermaster at Saint Louis of change of orders. Colonel Kelton's letter of the 28th directs all papers not relating to the Department of the Ohio be sent to the Army Headquarters. I so notified the postmaster at Saint Louis, and requested General Schofield to notify General Grant and the Army of the Southwest. Your dispatch, to dispose of such papers as I could, received last night. I will now notify parties to continue sending the mail for the Department of the Mississippi. Please telegraph if I am not right. I will date indorsements here, and by order of the general-in-chief. My hands are full, but health improves, and I cheerfully labor for you all I can.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 2, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Louisville, Ky.:

Collecting troops fast as possible. A telegram from Colonel Runkle, Forty-fifth Ohio, Cynthiana, Ky., says enemy is advancing from Lexington via Paris. Runkle has 1,700 men, three days' rations, no artillery; asks if the enemy is in overwhelming numbers what he shall do.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

