
of the heart of Kentucky and leaves the road open to the Ohio River. I want artillery and equipments for six additional batteries.

O. P. MORTON.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have had a short interview with General Wallace, but matters are so confused that I cannot give you any definite information. I doubt not a large force is making toward this place. It will be successfully met. Major-General Wright is at Louisville. Fearing invasion at all points on the Ohio I have called on the loyal men in the surrounding counties to organize themselves into companies and regiments for their defense.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 2, 1862 - 11.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Copy of dispatch just received from Colonel Runkle in answer to one to inquiry from me:

BOYD'S, KY., September 2, [1862].

DAVID TOD, Governor:

If I believe half I hear the enemy is near Cynthiana. Officers of the Ninety-ninth and Ninety-fifth brought me intelligence which induced me to fall back this far. I could not keep the Ninety-ninth with me, and I could not fight one-fourth they said were coming. I believe I am deceived, and am going back as soon as I can get something for my men to eat. Such discipline is terrible.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-fifth Ohio.

From the above you will be glad to learn that the officers in command here have been unnecessarily alarmed. Boyd's is about 50 miles from here.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1862.

General McCOOK, at or near Manchester:

Move forward promptly, so as to close the distance between you and Schoepf to 4 or 5 miles. Keep your command in good order. You may have to make long and rapid marches. We must get the enemy out of Kentucky. Observe strict secrecy. Do you require any clothing - particularly shoes?

D. C. BUELL.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1862.

General WRIGHT, Cincinnati or elsewhere:

I have heard of reverses to our troops in Kentucky. I need not tell you that the security of Louisville above all other points is of the most

