
vital importance to our position in Tennessee. It is the point the enemy will aim for, and should be protected by every possible means. Please answer quickly.

D. C. BUELL.

MURFREESBOROUGH, September 3, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

Huntsville was evacuated in strict compliance of orders. The movement was kept a found secret from troops and citizens. Nothing was destroyed but a small portion of stores and machinery. I struck tents on the morning of the 31st and marched here last night with a long train and driving 400 head of horses and cattle.

The command is in fine spirits and condition.

Are there further orders to-day?

WM. H. LYTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., September 3, 1862.

Major General C. C. GILBERT,

Commanding Army of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: On your arrival at this place with the forces under your command you will combine them with the troops now here, placing them in such convenient positions in advance of the city as may be best suited for its protection.

The troops as they arrive will be sent to you by Brigadier-General Boyle, commanding in Louisville, to be by you organized into brigades and divisions, the temporary commanders for which you will also designate.

Your command will embrace the troops at Lebanon, the commander of which has been instructed to hold himself in readiness to fall back on this place in the event of his being threatened by superior force.

It is my intention to mass the troops of the department as far as practicable in advance of this place and of Convington, with a view to covering those two points and to make the requisite preparations for a forward movement.

Large re-enforcements are promised by the Governors of the States of Indiana and Illinois in the next few days, and General Granger, with his division from General Grant's army, has been ordered by the general-in-chief to this point. Communicate with me freely by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., September 3, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Am not prepared to send forward the force Governor Tod suggests,

