
rebels. Unless the State is re-enforced with veteran troops Kentucky will be overrun.

THOS. H. CLAY.

CUTHBURT BULLETT.

HENRY HARTILE.

DAVID LOONAY.

S. W. WILLIAMS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., September 3, 1862.

Governor TOD, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I am doubtful as to sending to Cynthiana the force you suggest. If sent, it must come from Covington. Will instruct General Wallace to have forces in readiness. Shall leave here at 3 p. m. for Cincinnati. Think I inadvertently included Paris in my dispatch of yesterday as occupied by rebel forces. Hope to see you at Cincinnati on my arrival. One regiment at Cynthiana will answer for observation as well as a large force. From present information we had best not hold strongly any points in advance of Falmouth. We shall save the Lexington force beyond doubt. I think by energy we can hold our present actual occupation of Kentucky and in a few days regain what we have lost.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 3, 1862.

Governor TOD, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I am much obliged by your copy of Runkle's telegram, and am much gratified at the course you have taken in calling upon the people to defend themselves. If we in the Northern States cannot guard our borders against marauding bands, but must get into a spasmodic panic on every occasion that threatens, the contest is hopeless. Pray go on and awaken the people to their capacity for self-defense. The panic in Kentucky is no doubt exaggerated. In regard to the request of Senator Davis it will be attended to, but I have reason to believe that movements to that end are now in progress.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 3, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER:

Prospects look better this morning. General Gilbert's missing command turned up safe last night at Frankfort. He has about 10,000 men. This, with new troops now arriving fast, will save us. Operator at Boyd's made his appearance this morning after some unaccountable disappearance for several hours, but gives no new information. Nothing has been heard form rebels since their arrival at Cynthiana. A rebel operation amused himself all day yesterday at Lexington. He is closely watched.

STEVENTS.

