HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Has any charge of disloyalty been made against col. Stanley matthews and Captain Greene? I should have no hesitation in believing such a charge frivolous and absurd. It is difficult to make inquiry without knowing the matter complained of.*

D. C. BUELL.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION ARMY OF THE OHIO,June 22, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

Following copy of telegram to General Buell:

IUKA, June 22, 1862.

A lieutenant of cavalry has just arrived from Colonel Ammen, who is on Buzzard Roost, and states that all the country people who are Union men report that Price with 10,000 men has advanced to Pleasant Site, 18 miles south of Ammen's position; that they will advance upon Eastport by the road than crosses at Buzzard Roost on Monday or Tuesday. I have the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Brigades with me. The tenth Brigade, under Ammen, is at Buzzard Roost. The enemy have two roads to Eastport; one by way of Buzzard Roost, the other by Iuka. If General will move to the support of Ammen there will be four brigades to hold that point and if the enemy attack there I will go to his support; also if the enemy attack me they will come to my support. If Ammen falls back the railroad bridges all will be destroyed. If leave here then Eastport and the supplies are lost. If Wood and I both stand still then we will both be beaten in detail. I solicit instructions.

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

For several days reports have come to me of the advance of a large force, say at least 10,000 men, toward this line at different points. General Nelson sent such a report this morning. They have been so positive and frequent that I have deemed it proper not to expose Wood's division alone scattered along the road. In fact our means of crossing the river have not enabled us to advance beyond this point until now.

I could move two divisions to-morrow morning east from the other side of the river, and I shall do so at once if, as I hope, the reports in this quarter turn out less serious than at present. I hope Mitchell's situation is not as serious as his dispatch, which I sent you, would indicate, but i am fully impressed with the importance of getting a large force over there as soon as possible. Wood's position is far more exposed than Iuka, and anxious that his work shall not be interrupted. I will post Thomas to the best advantage and advise you.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, June 22, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

On receiving a copy of General Nelson's telegram to you I this morning ordered General Thomas' division to Iuka and a division under General Rosecrans to move against the enemy's flank by the Jacinto

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

