
stored in the depot at Ford's Station, about 2 miles west of Red River Bridge. No one in charge they report the wire badly cut at Red River. They fortunately found enough wire at the bridge to make connection, and pushed forward within 7 miles of State Line Junction. They having used all their wire, then returned. They make the trip on foot. The wire is not yet working, though they were told that a party had passed down from Russellville to Red River Bridge repairing the line. They saw no enemy, and believe there is no open enemy in the country. The secesh attend their farms in the day time and go bushwhacking at night.

Very respectfully,

C. DWYER,

Manager Telegraph Office.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,

No. 1. Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 5, 1862.

In conformity to orders received from Major-General Buell, commanding; Second Indiana Volunteer Cavalry; First Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel Frank Wolford; Fourth Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel Bayles; First Battalion [Seventh] Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Major John E. Wynkoop; Third Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry.

Second Brigade. - Colonel Lewis Zahm, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding; Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Major H. C. Rogers; Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry; Fifth Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry.

Consolidated morning reports will be sent to these headquarters by 10.30 a. m. each morning.

By order of John Kennett, colonel, commanding:

M. B. CHAMBERLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 5, 1862 - 10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our forces are concentrating at Louisville and Cincinnati and are being massed just in advance of these places. Some scattered commands through the State. Force at Louisville 17,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and seven pieces of artillery, which will shortly be re-enforced by about 6,000 men and nine guns, drawn from Lebanon, Munfordville, and Bowling Green, if these places are evacuated. At this place I have not yet been able to get returns. They will be sent as soon as received. Enemy is in neighborhood of paris and Georgetown, and reported to have from 20,000 to 30,000 men, with a large force of artillery. Am using every possible exertion to increase the force by fresh troops and provide defense of this city.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

