
provision dealers, railroad companies, express companies, transfer companies, and all persons doing business connected with the Government will be allowed to pursue their vocations without interruption.

At the hour of 4 o'clock p. m. daily, Sunday excepted, all military organizations remaining in the city will assemble for drill.

The members of such organization will hold themselves in readiness to rally at their places of rendezvous at a moment's warning, and you will make the necessary arrangements for signals to give such warning.

The organization of al able-bodied citizens into working corps will be perfected with the aid of the city authorities and details made form day to day, as may be necessary, so as to equalize the burden and require from each man a proper amount of labor.

Milkmen and wagons attending market are not to be unnecessarily interfered with in coming to and returning from the city; and the teams of milk and market men and hucksters are not to be impressed except in cases of extreme necessity.

Permanent passes may be issued to persons of undoubted loyalty, who have daily or frequent occasion to leave the city and return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

COVINGTON, KY., September 5, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

Colonel Berry says there are no rebel forces in arms at Paris, and he thinks there is at present no inducement for them to come there, although they may be within striking distance. From other sources I learn that Brent, of Paris, has recruited a regiment in that neighborhood. I cannot hear that they are armed and equipped. Stragglers report at Boyd's that thirty-five regiments of infantry had passed Richmond up to Tuesday night and 4,000 cavalry; also forty-four pieces of artillery, besides twelve pieces captured from our forces, six of which were in working order and none spiked. I also learn that at 2 p. m. on yesterday Kirby Smith's forces occupied Georgetown and that Morgan's command came into Lexington on yesterday morning. Our reconnoitering engine has passed Boyd's; will reach Cynthiana soon, when I will report to you immediately.

Since wright the above I have received the following from Boyd's:

I am informed by Dr. Hopson, of Paris, who I refer you to, General Nelson, or C. S. Brent, that 30,000 rebels were in Paris this morning, moving toward Maysville or Cynthiana. It is also reported by him that another brigade is moving toward Georgetown.

G. W. BERRY.

G. W. FULTON,

Superintendent K. C. Railroad.

MAYSVILLE, KY., September 5, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

GENERAL: The Tenth Kentucky Cavalry left before the arrival of your order by Captain Brown, steamer Lavinia Logan. I detained Captain Brown a few hours in hopes to send you accurate news of the enemy, but my scouts have not yet come in.

