
The enemy did not occupy Paris earlier than yesterday, if then. I am told, however, by Mr. Cunningham, of Bourdon (whom I know well), that he left Bourdon County yesterday evening at 5 o'clock, and on his way overtook a man he believed honest, who said he had seen at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon 60,000 infantry and cavalry of the enemy file across the bridge at Paris and take the maysville road. I doubt it, but have sent up to see. It may be a move on Cynthiana or a canard.

I also hear rebel bands under John S. Williams have occupied mount Sterling. had their pickets out yesterday evening this side of that place. But I hear so many such tales that I doubt that.

I have no force here at all. I have 250 recruits never mustered in, who field here form Mount Sterling, and some 200 Home Guards. I shall not but them into Ohio, if I can.

I would like to receive your orders. We have no guns or supplies to form a camp, but plenty of good men.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient,

W. H. WADSWORTH,

Commanding State Forces at Maysville.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 6, 1862.

[General HALLECK:]

I have directed Mr. Thatcher to proceed to Washington, to give you information in regard to the movements of the enemy and the condition of things in Tennessee. He has rendered valuable service,and has great facilities for obtaining information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

McCOOK'S HEADQUARTERS,

Two miles North of Murfreesborough, September 6, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

My calvary just in from Lebanon. They patrolled the roads 6 miles toward Sparta. Saw nothing of the enemy comes I am ready. If my cavalry do not fight you will never hear form them. I have given my infantry orders to shoot every one of them of them that runs to the rear.

McCOOK,

General.

McCOOK'S HEADQUARTERS,

Two miles North of Murfreesborough, September 6, 1862.

General BUELL:

My cavalry in from Woodbury and men from McMinnville and Sparta.

On Wednesday 1,500 infantry and artillery arrived at Sparta. Infantry by Altamont arrived at McMinnville yesterday. One thousand six hundred cavalry encamped 1 mile beyond Woodsbury and expect infantry there to-day. The infantry from Sparta marched by the Liberty

