
road. Should more troops be required they will be immediately sent forward.

General Thomas has orders to report to you, but at present his division should not be moved beyond Tuscumbia, but should guard the road from Iuka. The Tennessee is falling so fast that nearly all the boats are leaving.

No effort must omitted to open the railroad as soon as possible. General Allen, chief quartermaster, has arrived at Pittsburgh, and I hope soon to relieve Captain Chandler.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

IUKA, June 22, 1862.

General BUELL:

The cavalry have returned after an absence of thirty-six hours, having gone way of the old natchez track to Frankfort, in Franklin County, Ala., and returned by Chickasaw Station. Found no troops.

Three hundred and fifty rebel cavalry made the raid and the alarm.

There is no danger of any disturbance.

W. nelson,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

General NELSON, Iuka:

Your dispatch received. Move your brigades forward with intervals of about 5 miles to-morrow and reach this point in three days. Left the rear brigade wait at Iuka until Thomas' advance comes up. Leave guards at all bridges until- relieves them. Bring five days' rations and forage in haversacks and baggage wagons.

Leave your supply train to cross at eastport with two companies of cavalry. The rest of your cavalry had better march day after to-morrow and come through in two days, to save transportation of forage. You will receive further orders when you get here. Where is General Thomas to night? See that he gets the instructions sent you and him by telegraph to-day.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Have you such facilities that you can in ten days build 100 boats similar to those you made at Louisville? Your road party get through by Decatur easier than by any other route.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

J. B. ANDERSON, Nashville:

Organize a party sufficient to run one train and have the party here in four days from this time.

D. C. BUELL.

4 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

