
LOUISVILLE, KY., September 6, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

General Buell telegraphs from Nashville for supplies to be sent to Bowling Green. He is undoubtedly falling back by way of the road. force will be left at Bowling Green and Munfordville and supplies sent forward. Part of Buell's force reported on this side of the Cumberland River. Never has been any rebel infantry at Lexington. It is all in Richmond and Madison County. Nothing but cavalry ever crossed the Kentucky River; many regiments arriving, some unarmed. It is best to retain them on the other side of the Ohio River. Will you extend my command so as to embrace New Albany and Jeffersonville and 10 miles back, so that we may retain the troops there until ready to move in the field, so as to be convenient to rive for water?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 6, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

General Gilbert has been instructed to make such disposition of his forces as he may judge best, and to use the Indiana side of the river if necessary.

By order of Major-General Wright:

AND. C. KEMPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 6, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to say that the necessity for a competent officer of high rank to take the immediate command of the large forces assembled on the opposite side of the Ohio River induces him to issue the order, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose herewith, assigning you to that command and to the organizing and distributing of those forces. In order to enable you to give your personal attention to this the commanding general deems it imperatively necessary that you should be relieved from the duties of a civil character in Cincinnati, which are in themselves as much as one officer can perform. This is done in the order, as proposed in the conversations held by the commanding general with yourself on this subject. The restrictions imposed by you on the proclamation of material law have been somewhat relaxed, on the belief that, however necessary at the time, the objects sought to be obtained through them can now be gained without them. The interest of the city and of individual citizens required this as soon as it could be safely done.

The general commanding also instructs me to say that the zeal and energy you displayed at a time when the city was almost without defense has gone far toward providing for its security, and that you will, by taking the immediate command of the forces at Covington and its vicinity and promptly organizing them for action, accomplish what yet remains to be done to that end.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

