
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 11. Cincinnati, Ohio, September 6, 1862.

I. Major General Lew. Wallace is relieved from duty at Cincinnati and will repair to Covington, Ky., where he will make his headquarters for the present, and proceed to organize into brigades the troops mustered into the service and concentrating at and in the vicinity of Newport and Covington. As fast as the brigades are organized Major-General Wallace will report their composition and strength and the positions to which they are assigned.

II. Major James H. Simpson, United States Topographical Engineers, having reported to the major-general commanding, is hereby appointed a member of the department staff and announced as chief of topographical engineers. He will be recognized and obeyed as such. Major Simpson is charged with the construction of such field work as may be deemed necessary for defensive purposes in the vicinity of Newport and Covington, Ky. He will proceed at once to examine and repair the entrenchments already thrown up, and will extend them if it should be deemed advisable. Major Simpson will submit to the commanding general as early as possible drawings of the works, accompanied with a report thereon.

III. Lieutenant Colonel S. Burbank, Thirteenth Regiment United States Infantry, will continue to discharge the duties of military commander of the city of Cincinnati; and from him all ward organizations for military purpose and independent military companies in the city will receive instruction.

IV. The resumption of all lawful business in the city of Cincinnati, except the sale of liquor, is hereby authorized until the hour of 4 o'clock p. m. daily. All druggists, manufacturers of breadstuffs, provision dealers, railroad, express, and transfer companies, persons connected with the public press, and all persons doing business for the Government will be allowed to pursue their vocations without interruption.

V. At the hour of 4 o'clock p. m. daily, Sundays excepted, all miliary organizations in the city of Cincinnati will assemble for drill. The members of such organizations will hold themselves in readiness to rally at their places of rendezvous at a moment's warning, the signal for which will be the tolling of the city bells.

VI. The organization of all able-bodied citizens into working corps will be perfected with the aid of the city authorities, and details made from day to day, as may be necessary, so as to equalize the burden and require from each man a proper amount of labor.

VII. Ward organizations and independent military companies intended purely for purposes of home defense will be expected to provide their own arms, clothing, and subsistence, with such aid as the city authorities may see proper to afford.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 6, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Let the two regiments come here. Cincinnati is less strongly re-enforced than Louisville and is more seriously threatened.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

