
NASHVILLE, September 7, 1862.

Colonel PENNEBAKER,

Guarding the road north of Nashville:

Turn out of your camp all persons, white or black, who are not there in compliance with orders, or whose presence in any way interferes with the discipline, efficiency, and safety of your command. Command and control your camp and everything pertaining to it thoroughly.

D. C. BUELL.

ON THE MARCH, GALLATIN ROAD,

Seventeen miles from Nashville, September 7, 1862.

General BUELL, Nashville:

I halt here for the night. Water not very good nor abundant, but the men must be allowed to close up. A negro of the neighborhood whom I have as a quite says there is a considerable cavalry force in the hills south of Three Springs, lying there to attack trains and retreating Yankees. Every piece of information I get indicates Bowling Green as the destination of Bragg's command.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,No. 154. Nashville, Tenn., September 7, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

VII. Major General George H. Thomas is assigned to the command of all the troops in and about Nashville. Commanders of divisions, detached brigades, regiments, and battalions, and chief of staff departments in the city will at once report accordingly.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 7, 1862 - 3.45 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I could not communicate with the Department before making the appointments of Gilbert and Terrill, or I should of course have done so. Nothing but the necessity for immediate action, to save a disorganized force and a large train, justified my action, and that did justify it. Please see my letter on the subject written from Louisville. I want good general officers sadly. Major-General Wallace has volunteered his services, and is now in the immediate command of the forces on the Covington side. Of the other two generals, Judah and G. Clay Smith, the latter is sick and the former I have directed to be relieved, under charges od drunkenness. Colonel Burbank, Thirteenth Infantry, is here. I think he would make a good brigadier and would recommend him for the appointment. Send me any good generals you have to spare.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

