HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 22, 1862

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs that you have your division ready to march to-morrow morning with four days' rations and forage. The artillery of your division will not cross until you march, and will then probably be able to overtake you the first night out.

Report for instructions to the general commanding at headquarters this evening after the preparations are made.

you will move on the road to Athens.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 22, 1862

Generals THOMAS and NELSON:

If the enemy should advance toward the railroad between Cherokee and Iuka your force will, under General Thomas' command, be posted in the best position to oppose him leaving him suitable guards for the stores at Iuka and the bridge this side. In case the reports of an advance should prove untrue, or if the danger should not be serious, General Thomas will leave one regiment and four additional companies at Iuka to guard stores, one company at eastport for the same purpose, four companies to guard Bear Creek Bridge, and one at Buzzard Roost Bridge, and establish the remainder of his division at or near Cane Creek, on the road to Tuscumbia. His cavalry will be actively employed in patrolling the roads at Frankfort, Russellville, and other roads by which the enemy might advance. In the same case General Nelson will at once move his entire division point, where it will receive further orders. Its supply train now hauling from Eastport will probably cross at that point; but further orders will be given in regard to that.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The following is received from General Mitchell this morning. I will telegraph you on the subject at once:
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Huntsville, Ala., June 22, 1862.

General BUELL:

I have news from Colonel Sill, dated 21st, 9 p. m., mouth of Battle Creek. He is still confident that the enemy has crossed in large force. he says that for some days a rumor has prevailed that Breckinridge's command was expected to arrive at Chattanooga and that Price was opposite Bridgeport with a remnant of the Corinth army. He adds, " I am quite sure that the enemy has crossed for something more important than my small command." Colonel Sill's troops, in moving from Jasper to Battle Creek, were fired upon from across the river by artillery and infantry. I know that the enemy have recently been passing Gunter's Landing in very considerable numbers, moving east. Pardon me, general, but I think everything depends upon celerity of

