
the public schools in this city will not be required to close at 4 o'clock p. m. daily.

The company of teachers can assemble for drill after the dismissal of school.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel S. BURBANK,

Military Commander, Cincinnati, Ohio:

COLONEL: According to the statement furnished by Major McDowell to these headquarters there are three regiments remaining in the city which are arrived.

The commanding general directs that you will send them across the river to report to General Wallace at 8 o'clock in the morning. He also directs that you will send 3,000 citizens at the same hour to report to General Wallace. They will remain on fatigue duty until further orders. You will, if necessary, impress citizens to the number stated.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 9, 1862.

Captain DUBLE,

Commanding Flotilla Steamer Emma Duncan:

CAPTAIN: Please dispatch another of your boats down the river to meet the one first sent, and then let the two patrol the river between Rising Sun and Carrollton till further orders.

The crossing ground of the third boat may then extend no farther down than Rising Sun.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 10, 1862 - 12 m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

Bragg is certainly this side of the Cumberland Mountains with his whole force, except what is in Kentucky under Smith. His movements will probably depend on mine. I except that for the want of supplies I can neither follow him nor remain here. Think I must withdraw from Tennessee. I shall not abandon Tennessee while it is possible to hold on. Cut off effectually from supplies, it is impossible for me to operate enforce where I am; but I shall endeavor to hold Nashville, and at the same time drive Smith out of Kentucky and hold my communications.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

