
and C. [Cheatham?] 35,000 strong, crossed the Cumberland Sunday and Sunday night, and is moving by forced marches toward Glasgow, Munfordville, and on to Louisville. I regard the information as entirely reliable. I cannot mention all the corroborative circumstances in this brief note. I have written Rousseau urging hi to move forward and get out of my way. I send this note back to McCook and have him forward.

I will go to Bowling Green to-night, though I have marched 22 miles to-day.

Very truly, yours,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, September 10, 1862.

Colonel BRUCE, Bowling Green:

The enemy have advanced on Cincinnati and treated an attack. Major-General Wright has ordered forces from this place.

The enemy are around here. Buell must hasten his movements if he would save the State. Rousseau was at Franklin last night. Can he not hasten forward his command? See him. Desperate efforts will be made to cut the wire, destroy the bridges and trestle work at Muldraugh's Hill. What more do you know of Bragg or other rebel generals with force entering the State? Give me the news. Hurry this to Buell.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 10, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Covington, Ky.:

The following just received:

LOUISVILLE, September 10, 1862.

I have ordered Twenty-fourth Wisconsin to move by train at 2 o'clock to Cincinnati. Will send others as soon as transportation can be had. The forces of the enemy cannot exceed 8,000 or 10,000. If your force is not panic-stricken you can whip them without doubt. Their whole force does not exceed 15,00 in the State, and they are scattered from your front near Lebanon.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 10, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

There are three Illinois regiments at this city unarmed, waiting for their arms. By telegraph from General Wright of this a. m. there is urgent necessity for troops at Cincinnati, and the general has called on me for some of my regiments. I respectfully request that Lieutenant Edson, ordnance officer, be directed to arm these regiments. The emergency demands it.

C. C. GILBERT,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

