
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Louisville, Ky., September 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We protest against the withdrawal of any of the forces from this place for Cincinnati. There is reliable information that this city is the object of the enemy. there are defenses at Cincinnati, natural and artificial, also an ample force; and there are none here and none ordered. If Louisville is taken the State is gone. Our officers here deplore any order to take away our troops. We insist that it shall not be done. We make this communication because we learn that preparations for the transportation of troops from here to Cincinnati are being made. The force here at this time is scarcely sufficient for its defense, but, if not removed, can and will defend the city with it. Please communicate with the commanding general of this department in regard to this matter.

JAS. FOR. ROBINSON,

Governor.

J. J. CRITTENDEN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 10, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

As requested in your dispatch of this morning, I have called upon all the armed Minute-men of the state, requesting each to take two days' cooked rations and a blanket. They will pour in upon you by thousands. In addition to this I have ordered ten incomplete regiments to report to you. They will number about 8,000 men, and will be armed, but of course green, both officers and men.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 10, 1862-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At 2,30 this a. m. i received orders from Major-General Wright to send forward to Cincinnati all the armed men of the State. I shall send him to-day and to-morrow at least 50,000. It is proper to add that General Wright commands my fullest confidence. I have reason to fear, however, that he has some difficultly with our Indiana friends. Did my health permit I would go to cincinnati, but I am not able to do so.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 10, 1862.

His Honor Mayor HATCH, Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding the department to say that you will instruct the city police to arrest negroes only for crimes or disorderly conduct, or when directed to be arrested by orders from these headquarters, or the orders of the military com

