
reversal of this policy. If not done, in my opinion this city is lost and with it Kentucky. With all respect I am confident that you are misinformed and misled by those interested in and alarmed for Cincinnati. As the Governor of Kentucky I feel constrained to protest against a course which will result in an unnecessary sacrifice of this city and of my State. My deep interest is my apology for this, my dispatch of yesterday being unanswered.

JAS. F. ROBINSON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 11, 1862-10.5 p. m.

Gov. J. F. ROBINSON, Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch received. I stopped the further sending of troops from Louisville this morning in consequence of your dispatches of yesterday, and not from a conviction that the information you forwarded was correct. We certainly have a large body of the enemy a short distance in our front, if the reports of our scouts and of twenty others, said to be reliable, are true. I had communication with General Heth yesterday within 7 miles of our lines. It is scarcely possible that the enemy is in force enough to attack both places at once or to attack Louisville, making so strong a demonstration here. I can send you twice as many troops from here in case of an attack on Louisville as I have withdrawn between the time his advance is detected by

Gilbert's cavalry and the enemy's appearance before the place.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

There are now at Cincinnati not less than 45,000 troops. There are at this place 25,000. I have information which is reliable that the demonstrations made and making at Cincinnati are a delusion, while the attack is preparing to be made as quick as possible on this city. General Smith is concentrating his forces at Frankfort for the purpose of marching here. I have a special messenger this morning from there. General Wright is ordering from this city to Cincinnati the troops as fast as they can be transported. This will be known to the enemy and will hasten his attack on this place. This army will be lost and with it the State if General Wright's order is not countermanded forthwith. I feel constrained to appeal to you as my last effort to save Kentucky.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 11, 1862.

Governor ROBINSON, Louisville, Ky.:

I have telegraphed to General Wright, as you requested, and am waiting his answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

