
You will find the best watering places at tyree Springs and at a creek 5 miles north of Mitchellsville and at Cave Spring, 3 miles south of Bowling Green, and it is expected you will be able to make these marches. Explain the urgency of the matter to Governor Johnson. If Bragg's army is defeated Nashville is sage; if not, it is lost. At any rate bring forage for your animals on the march for three days.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., September 13, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I think there is very little room to doubt that the enemy in force are advancing in Kentucky on the Tompkinsville road. I have sent you by various messengers and by different routes the facts on which this opinion is based. It is certain that troops are at Scottsville, Tompkinsville, and Glasgow claiming to be the advance of the enemy. It is said at least 20,000 are at Tompkinsville and that between that place and the mountains the roads are filled with soldiers. The force of the enemy of course will be exaggerated, by they must have a pretty good one there. About 500 are reported to have passed through Scottsville on yesterday at 12 o'clock and went on to Glasgow. It must be that his is the advance of a large force. This was a part of Helm's cavalry, known to be such by Union men in the vicinity of Scottsville. It said that Bragg crossed the Cumberland at Burkesville and staid in Tompkinsville, Monroe County, Ky., on thursday night last, and this is believed reliable. I sent you this information on last night by a Mr. Ray, and also that General Wright had telegraphed you that Kirby Smith was in front of Cincinnati with a force variously estimated at 15,000 to 30,000, and asking you if you cold not go via Somerset and attack him in the rear.

I hope you received this information, but send it again for fear you did not get it. I am repairing the fortifications on College Hill and will soon have them fit for use. They are dilapidated and of little use in present condition.

Very truly,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., September 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, near Franklin, Ky.:

It is certain that Generals Polk, Cheatham, and Donelson are at Glasgow with a force not accurately known to me and that a cavalry force is with them. This I hear from a deserter not to be doubted and from others. Bragg entered Kentucky in three division, or army corps, one by way of Tompkinsville, Monroe County, Ky., another between that and Cumberland Gap, and a third between that and Nashville. The central force is doubtless now at Glasgow, and its cavalry has menaced the train at Bell's Tavern to-day and forced it to return. Our supplies are small here, and we must fight in a few days. May I suggest that the forces at Louisville should be moved rapidly down on the rail

