
CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 13, 1862-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Have not been able to find General Crook. It is said he is with General Cox. I am much in want of good brigadiers. Organization is slow without them as officers and men are raw. General Love is now here rendering efficient service. He is good man and I can confidently recommend him. R. S. Granger, now at Louisville, and just exchanged, has the reputation of being a good soldier. His name should be considered for promotion. General Gordon Granger has arrived with four regiments of infantry and one battery.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 13, 1862-10.45 a. m.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Minute-men, or Squirrel Hunters, responded gloriously to the call for defense of Cincinnati. Thousands reached the city and thousands more were en route for it. The enemy having all have been ordered back. This uprising of the people is the cause of the retreat. You should acknowledge publicly their gallant conduct.

Please order Quartermaster Burr to pay all transportation bills upon my approval.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 13, 1862.

[CIRCULAR.]

It having come to the knowledge of the major-general commanding the department that articles of a seditious and treasonable character, also statement of facts conveying information of military movements, position, &amp;c., to the enemy, have been published in some of the papers of the city, notice is hereby given that no such articles will be permitted hereafter, but that the repetition of such offense will necessarily be immediately followed by the suppression of the paper in which such article shall be published and the arrest and confinement of the proprietors and writers concerned in the same.

The press is also requested to exercise great caution in the publication of any articles calculated unnecessarily to disturb the public mind.

By command of Major-General Wright.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(Sent to editors of Gazette, Commercial, Enquirer, Times, Volksfreund, and Volksblatt.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 13, 1862-11.15 p. m.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

If you can't furnish force for Gallipolis I must send them on your re

