
*BOWLING GREEN, September 14, 1862.

General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

There is very little doubt that Bragg has thrown his whole force into Kentucky, and the main body is now concentrated at Glasgow, or nearly so. The danger is that he will form a junction with Kirby Smith between me and Louisville. I apprehend that Smith is now moving for that object. It is of the highest importance that it should be prevented. If you have it in your power you should take steps to do it at once; not an hour should be lost. The destruction of the bridges over the Kentucky River would do it. I do not believe that Cincinnati is in danger, but Louisville certainly is, and I should think you ought to prepare to re-enforce that place with your whole force.

I shall have the principal part of my force up to this point on the 17th, and shall commence to move against Bragg's force on ;the 16th. I learn that the command at Munfordville was attacked this morning and I fear it has been overpowered.

D. C. BUELL.

STATE OF TENNESSEE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, September 14, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Commanding District of the Ohio:

GENERAL: It is all-important that Major-General Thomas and his forces, as now assigned, should remain at Nashville. There is the utmost confidence in his bravery and capacity to defend Nashville against any odds. I am advised that, including your division of the number increasing,so that you will be enabled to meet Smith and Bragg successfully. I was reliable informed on yesterday that a portion of Bragg's forces were lingering about Carthage and the cumberland river. Bragg, no doubt with them, daily informed as to the number of our forces passing into Kentucky and the force left here. If our strength is much reduced at this point he will induced to attack Nashville as a matter of course. In conclusion I express the strong and earnest hope that the present assignment of forces under General Thomas for the defense of Nashville may not be disturbed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 14, 1862-7 a. m.

General BUELL:

Received your order of Tuesday 8 p. m.

It is certain a large force of the enemy is near Nashville awaiting an opportunity to attack it. I shall therefore leave Paine's division here. Will march with my division at the time ordered and reach Bowling Green as soon possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*See Gilbert to Wright, p. 523.

---------------

