
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. S., September 14, 1862

General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Thanks for your dispatch. Can you not pursue the retreating enemy and relieve cumberland Gap?

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 14, 1862.

LARZ ANDERSON, ESQ., Chairman, &amp;c.:

I am anxious to allow the city to resume business, but there is, in my opinion, a pressing necessity for further labor on the fortifications.

I am not willing to make a requisition on the city for the money to be expended for this labor, but I consider it a necessary expenditure, and will recommend that the General government refund it. If you can in any way furnish this labor promptly there need be no further interruption of the business of the city, and in my opinion your expenditure will be refunded by the General Government.

The expenditure may reach $30,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 14, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires that you will furnish such daily details from the forces under your command to work on the entrenchments near Covington as may be required by the engineers in charge of the works in addition to the aid that may be furnished by the citizens of Cincinnati, covington, and Newport.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 14, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding, &c., Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, submitting proposition of Colonel Berry to proceed to Falmouth, and perhaps Cynthiana, with 600 horse. I have no objection to this force being sent to reconnoiter and scour the country in advance; indeed it is what we have been endeavoring to accomplish for several days. If therefore ;there be no present objections to it I would advise your sending out, say, 600 of the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, under the lead of Colonel Berry, to go as far as can be done with safety from being cut off.

