
The sending of a body of men by rail as proposed by Mr. Heitman is a hazardous step, as shown in the Vienna affair, and should not be adopted without a certain knowledge of the position and strength of the enemy along the road or within striking distance of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 14, 1862-1.15 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Bragg is at Glasgow and Cave City in force; others are marching to join him. Sent in flag of truce demanding surrender of Colonel Wilder at Munfordville, who relied they must fight and take them. Buell's army are not up. You will have to send forces here. It is all a feint before Cincinnati to draw off forces from here.

J. T. BOYLE.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., September 14, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Colonel Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry, has summoned Colonel Wilder to surrender, and this morning Colonel Dunham reports from Bacon Creek, 8 miles north, that a fight is going on at Munfordville. Colonel McCook, who knows Colonel Wilder, says Scott cannot take him unless it is an attack in very strong force; if so, the enemy will probably close on Buell, who must be at Bowling Green, or Buell will attack. I look for a battle not far from Bowling Green or Glasgow.

[Copy of the telegram from Colonel Wilder.]

Colonel Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry, has just summoned me to surrender unconditionally. I peremptorily refused. He claims to have me cut off and surrounded. I shall fight anything that comes. Scott claims to be the advance of Kirby Smith's division. Rebel forces have been coming from the direction of Lebanon to-day.

C. C. GILBERT.

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, UNITED STATES FORCES,Fort Mitchell, Ky., September 14, 1862-2 a. m.

General LEW. WALACE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: Captain Worthington, commander of the Wallace guards, has just returned from the front, and reports the enemy in force at a small lake about 7 miles south of Florence, on the Lexington pike, and re-enforcements arriving from toward Lexington.

Colonel Tevis has not gone beyond Florence this day, but camped near that place with his whole force, leaving the Indiana pike and the country entirely unguarded between the Ohio and licking Rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

