
NASHVILLE, June 22, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Telegram received. I have a train of cars loaded with supplies at Athens waiting orders. The wagon trains that hauled them from Reynolds' to Elkton returned yesterday to Reynolds' for another load. All the available rolling stock is employed in forwarding supplies to Reynolds'.

I am informed that sufficient guards have not been furnished at Reynolds' for the stores there and en route.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CUMBERLAND GAP, June 22, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I might as well be without eyes as without cavalry. The enemy is said to have taken up a strong position in the Clinch Mountains, in the direction of Morristown, but not on the route I would advance if authorized to go forward; but this place would be threatened by the enemy's position were I do pursue another route. One strong brigade, with six heavy guns and 500 cavalry to act as scouts and foragers, should be left here, and I should be strengthened by two brigades of infantry, one battery of artillery, and two regiments of cavalry. With effective force is about 7,500 men of all arms. The people flock in and implore protection.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

(Duplicate to Secretary of War, June 23, 1862.)
HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Gap:

It is impossible at this time to send you any cavalry. The general has not intended his orders to prevent such expeditions for special purposes as you refer to in your dispatch of the 20th; on the contrary, he approves them. His wish is for you to make yourself secure in the Gap and accomplish all the results you can by rapid expeditions, but not to attempt a deliberate advance on Knoxville as long as it seems probable that you would not be able to maintain your position there. The general wishes to make no actual advance which he cannot maintain. It brings our friends among the people into trouble, and the reaction is injurious otherwise to our interests.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, June 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I learn from Corinth to-day that General Buell with forces about 40,000 strong is on the Charleston Railroad near Decatur. Another

