
pieces of artillery. Several prisoners give 20,000 as their strength in my front. It is possible he may have divided his force, sending part of it to Frankfort. You must watch him closely. Do you hear anything from Buell? Am anxious to communicate with him. What of Munfordville? If questions of rank embarrass you hint that officers can be detached. I have no general officers to send you.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 15, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Following received from Elizabethtown 12 m.:

Messenger just arrived from Colonel Dunham at Green River Bridge. Dunham says they must have re-enforcements and ammunition immediately. Messenger left Green river at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Messenger was stopped at Bacon Creek. Says Bacon Creek and all cars were burned. Messenger says rebels have four pieces artillery and from 500 to 900 cavalry, and are pushing for us here. My lieutenant in command at Bacon Creek, just arrived, says rebels chased him to Red Mills, about 8 miles from here. My squad at Bacon Creek all taken and paroled; all now on way here; part have arrived. My company at Nolin have arrived. Have sent out scouts, and if they are advancing with artillery shall fall back on Muldraugh's Hill, as ordered by General Dumont. Messenger says we lost 7 killed and 27 wounded. Rebel loss from 500 to 700 killed; wounded in proportion; were all carried off the field.

L. G. KNOX,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fourth Indiana.

C. C. GILBERT,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 15, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN:

There are at present in and around the city the following effective men: Eighteen thousand two hundred and fifty infantry 1,930 cavalry, 550 artillery.

J. EDWARD STACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 242. Washington, September 15, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Q. A. Gilmore, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Wright, at Cincinnati, Ohio.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., September 16, 1862.

Colonel BRUCE, Commanding Forces:

SIR: Major-General Buell directs that you post the main body of your troops at Bowling Green, with a view to holding College Hill, and that

