
you keep in readiness to march with the entire command and all the trains at a moment's notice. You must, however, be prepared to make a vigorous defense in case you are attacked. Keep your cavalry out on the principal roads and keep yourself fully informed of all the movements of the enemy by this means and by scouts. Have all the subsistence stores loaded into the wagons, and these, with the ammunition train and all the trains of the troops, parked near the Hill, within direct control of your command. Be especially careful of the ammunition and provision trains and be prepared to send them forward at any moment. Have foraging paries sent out under proper officers to secure forage for all the animals, and see that this is done in a proper manner, receipts being given for payment made to loyal citizens in all cases, and that no depredations are committed. Send parties at once to repair the telegraph wire from this point toward Louisville, and keep in communication by telegraph with General Buell's headquarters, on the Louisville

and Nashville Railroad south of this place. Grant no leave of absence, and preserve watchfulness and discipline throughout your command.

Report anything of interest that comes to your knowledge and inform yourself fully all the roads leading to and from Bowling Green.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Bowling Green, September 16, 1862.

Colonel JOHN KENNETT,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The general commanding directs that you have your command ready to march at 2 p. m. to-day. You will please publish no orders for the move, but instruct your brigade commander to inform the regimental commanders. The object is to go as quietly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 16, 1862.

Major-General GILBERT, Louisville, Ky.:

I do not believe Smith with his forces, or any considerable part of it, is at Munfordville, yet I may be wrong in all except the portion in advance of this place. You must keep yourself informed regarding the enemy in the best way you can by spies, cavalry, &amp;c. Have ordered all troops to be sent to you from the different States till further notice.

Where is Dumont?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio September 16, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.; Governor YATES, Springfield, Ill.; Governor SALOMON, Madison, Wis.; Governor BLAIR, Detroit, Mich.:

Please send your troops till further notice to Louisville, Ky., and

