
hurry them on as fast as they can be mustered and armed. The rebels are passing rapidly northward and must be met with larger forces than we yet have. Every day is of importance.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 16, 1862.

Major R. M. CORWINE, Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c.:

The general commanding the department desires me to express his appreciation of your labor in organizing the forces for the river defense.

The objects having been accomplished for which those forces were collected it is proper that they and you should be relieved from your present duties.

Accept the thanks of the general for your efficient management and return the same to the forces under your command.

The general particularly desires that the military organization and drill of these forces kept up, that they may at all times be ready and prepared for any emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AND. C. KEMPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, September 17, 1862.

[General THOMAS:]

GENERAL: General Buell desires you to await orders at Bowling Green, but keep your command in readiness to march at a moment's notice. When you advance from Bowling Green bring no baggage, and only the wagons absolutely necessary to carry your ammunition and rations, to include the 24 th instant. Get the rations on the wagons at once, and put the cooking utensil with them, and have all your other wagons parked as Colonel Bruce, commanding post, may designate, and send the quartermaster left in charge of them to report to Captain Guabert, post quartermaster in Bowling Green.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

I inclose a map which we are using. Report to headquarters from here by telegraph. We go to Dripping Springs to-day.

J. B. F.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1862.

General THOMAS, Commanding:

GENERAL: After getting rations, to include the 24th, the General desire you to move your command as far as practicable on the pike in this direction to-morrow afternoon. He directs me to say that you must give your personal attention to seeing that no baggage wagons are brought by the regiments, and that they bring no vehicles whatever,

