
except ambulances, ammunition wagons, and wagons with rations; these last carrying also the cooking utensils. Bring with you those wagons of the general ammunition train which contain artillery ammunition. The train is parked at College Hill, and Lieutenant Wills, the officer with it, knows which wagons contain artillery ammunition. Leave the rest of the train there. Unless you get further orders march at day-light next morning, keeping the Louisville pike.

Report frequently your position and anything of interest. Headquarters to-morrow night will be at Bell's, on the pike.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 17, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Major-General Gordon Granger and Major- General S. A. Hurlbut will be assigned to your command. Joseph J. Reynolds is brigadier-general, and also assigned to you. Several others will probably be assigned to you to-morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 17, 1862-1.15 p. m.

General C. C. GILBERT, Louisville, Ky.:

Have sent you a dispatch just received. Buell may want your force to move to his support. Get it ready. Enemy reported in full retreat. Have sent to ascertain the facts and will communicate further. Advise me freely by telegraph. Make Gay your chief of cavalry, and thus put him in control of that arm.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 17, 1862-7 p. m.

General C. C. GILBERT, Louisville, Ky.:

An advance of all the troops now at Louisville with a strong force from this point will be made at once in the direction of Munfordville, to co-operate with General Buell. You will get your force ready to march with the least possible delay. Further instructions will be given. Forces from here leave immediately. Cincinnati is sage probably.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 17, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The following has just been received:

There is very little doubt that Bragg has thrown his whole force into Kentucky and it is actually at Glasgow or nearly so. The great danger is that it will form a junction with Kirby Smith, and I apprehend that the latter may already be in mo

