HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Covington, Ky., September 17, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

SIR: Mr. B. E. Bradford, a citizen of Georgetown, indorsed by General G. Clay Smith as perfectly reliable, just arrived from Georgetown, reports having passed through the enemy's column on the full retreat.

Their rear guard stopped him yesterday about 4 o'clock or the would have been in sooner. Their main body, he says, is now beyond Crittenden.

Respectfully,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, &amp;c.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 17, 1862.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

After more than two day's fighting and great slaughter to the rebels I think our force at Munfordville has had to surrender. bragg is in force at Glasgow and near Munfordville. Kirby Smith has formed a junction with him. There may be a small force in front of Cincinnati. General Buell is at Bowling Green; his force not sufficient to attack Bragg. We have heard from buell, but he is cut off from re-enforcements from here if we had them. The rebel force in Kentucky much larger than at first supposed.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, September 17, [1862]-9.45 p. m.

(Received September 18, 1862.)

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

I have instructed dumont already as you describe, excepting as to disputing ground. He has not force enough to dispute ground. The re-enforcements for Munfordville were largely drawn from him. I have not quite transportation for my present force, and certainly none for additional forces. My leading division can take the road by noon to-morrow at daylight and will have to go back to camp to get ready. If you wish me to move by 8 a. m. to-morrow I will not have this division to work on the traverses.

C. C. GILBERT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO

Numbers 12. Cincinnati, Ohio, September 17, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Henry Van Rensselear, inspector-general, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters, is announced as inspector-general of this department.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

