
CINCINNATI, Ohio, September 18, 1862-3.20 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Enemy has retreated from front of Cincinnati. Have received dispatch from Buell, at Bowlington Green, that his forces would all be up on the 17th, and that on the would move on Bragg, who had entered Kentucky and was in force at Glasgow. He feared a junction between Kirby Smith and Bragg and called for co-operation. Have sent Granger's division from here to Louisville and have ordered the whole force at that place to move forward at once under Nelson. Instructed him to take up strong position before fighting, and think he may be able to occupy Muldraugh's Hill or form junction with Buell The latter will have his hands full I fear, but his troops are all veterans. Morgan has supplies for from seventy to eighty and feels secure. His last dispatch was dated the 11th instant.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General S' OFFICE,Numbers 248. Washington, September 18, 1862.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Daniel Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Wright, at Cincinnati, Ohio.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 19, 1862.

General BUELL:

yours of 15th, via Evansville, received. I have a force of about 30,000 men at Louisville, mainly raw troops, with which I will co-operate with you I can learn of your movements. it is of the first importance to know what your plans are, that there be no mistake. Nelson is at Louisville in command. Notify him at once. He has orders, so far as I can give them under the uncertainty of your movements. They are to retard enemy as far as he can and to form junction with you, if desirable and practicable. With united forces we ought to whip Bragg, and acting separately, but in concert, we ought, to be able to protect Louisville till movements can be arranged. Will re-enforce Louisville by 10,000 men, and expect addition of five regiments this week and ten more next. Don't fail to communicate; it is of utmost importance.

Yours, most truly,

WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS, September 19, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Evansville, Ind.:

Send accompanying dispatch to General Buell, by trusty courier, without delay. He was at Bowling Green at last advices.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

