
LOUISVILLE, KY., September 19, 1862.

General WRIGHT:

General Bragg has crossed the Green river in force. General Buell was at Dripping Springs on the 17th. He should be at Munfordville to-day. He is following close on the heels of Bragg, with the intention of bringing him to action, but Bragg may be here before that is possible. I want troops. The messenger from Buell has just arrived.

W. NELSON,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 19, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I beg leave to send the following message just received from General Buell. Send me all the troops you can at once; it is of the most momentous consequence.

W. NELSON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

DRIPPING SPRINGS.

General GILBERT:

I learn that the garrison at Munfordville surrendered this morning and that Bragg immediately threw his entire force across the river. The opinion prevails that he will post rapidly for Louisville, expecting to overpower your new troops without difficulty. If that is his purpose I shall be close upon him, and you should be prepared either for that contingency or to come out if he should take a position to oppose me. My expectation is that he will do the latter, either at Green River or at Muldraugh's Hill; probably the former. I expect to be at Green River early to-morrow. It is impossible to ascertain with any certainty what Bragg's force is; probably between 30,000 and 40,000 independently of Smith, with whom he will expect and no doubt will be able to form a junction. Troops should be concentrated without a moment's delay at Louisville. Cincinnati is not the point of attack.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 19, 1862-8 p. m.

General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Covington, Ky.:

Get ready to send off speedily as possible eight or ten regiments of your command to Louisville, making use of all available transportation by river and railroad. Don't lose a moment in doing this. Bragg crossed the Green River with Buell behind him, and we must meet and check him if we can get the force. Call upon the quartermaster's department and any of my staff for such aid as you may need. I return to-morrow morning.

H. G. WRIGHT.

