SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General S' OFFICE,Numbers 250. Washington, September 19, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General C. C. Gilbert, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Wright at Cincinnati, Ohio.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 20, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Kentucky:

Your telegram of the 14th is just received. Unquestionably the condition of affairs has so changed since that time as to render any instructions based on your then representations entirely inapplicable. After Bragg had turned your left your movement into Kentucky was probably the best thing you could do; but I fear that here as elsewhere you move too slowly, and will permit the junction of Bragg and Smith before you open your line to Louisville. The immobility of your army is movement of Price into Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 20, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to give you the following instructions, which he desires you not to publish in orders to your command, but to have executed as promptly as possible:

You will cook rations to-day so as to have enough in the haversacks to last three days, including to-morrow. Be ready to march at day-light in the morning, taking only the hospital wagons and one ammunition wagon to each regiment. The rest of the train will move forward at 6 o'clock precisely and stop and be properly parked at a point which will be designated. Order every soldier to his company. No wagon guards or assistant teamsters will be allowed.

Those who are unable to march will stay with the wagons and will be required to carry their arms and be ready to use them. An officers from each regiment will remain in charge of them. All assistant teamsters will be returned to their companies forthwith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September, 20, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Thomas A. Morris is appointed brigadier-general. I suggest that he be placed in command of troops on the Kanawha. That force should

