
be increased as soon as possible. It seems to me of vast importance that the junction of Bragg and Kirby Smith should be prevented, or at least you and Buell should unite first.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 20, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus:

If General Wright, by direct communication with you, requests a three-months' regiment at Cincinnati for provost duty you are authorized to raise it, although own opinion is against it. I have all confidence in your own discretion, but not so much in that of unofficial persons; and when General Wright wants anything he should say so officially, and not through a third person or a town meeting.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

IN THE FIELD, September 21, 1862.

General GILBERT, Louisville:

It is just reported that Bragg has left Munfordvile. I am not advised of the road he is on, but it is understood that his destination is Louisville. At all events you cannot be too well prepared. I am following rapidly. I requested you to have a bridge ready to be thrown across the mouth of Salt River. I hope you have attended to it, though it will depend upon the movements of the enemy whether I go that way. We shall need supplies. Please have them ready.

The messenger (Eaton), whom I sent to you from Dripping Springs, was captured returning, and I have no answer to my dispatch.

endeavor to communicate with me on the Louisville road.

D. C. BUELL.

SEPTEMBER 21, 1862.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The general expects that the provisions will all be up so that you can march early to-morrow. It is however of the first importance that they should get through safely, and if there should be any little delay which your remaining would remedy you must attend to it and get the supplies through. March to this place as soon as the supplies reporting.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &c.

SEPTEMBER 21, [1862]- 6 p. m.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The provisions at Bowling Green are ordered forward by rail, to come as rapidly as possible. They should get through to-night or to-morrow morning. The general directs that you send one brigade

