
back to Bell's, on the railroad, to guard the road, and that you keep one brigade where you now are, with a regiment or so at Cave City until the provisions are sent up.

The Third Brigade send forward as early as possible in the morning with your trains, and see that all trains are brought forward to whomsoever they may belong. Keep the telegraph open at Cove City. Hurry up the rations from Bowling Green, and have repairing party sent forward to put wire in order to Murfreesborough [Munfordville?]

Communicate frequently. There is rebel cavalry toward Green river, probably to destroy the road.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 21, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM NELSON,

Commanding, &c., Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch giving report that Buell's forces at or near Horse Cave and that latter had recrossed Green River is received. It is too late to re-enforce Buell from Louisville for this battle now going on, and you can only hold command ready to move in the direction in which you can best co-operate with him on getting further intelligence. Say what action you propose in the matter. Buell's movements ought to to govern yours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 21, 1862.

General WILLIAM NELSON, Louisville, Ky.:

I will send you six gunboats. You have now or on the way eleven steamers, which you should keep. Four more are there, if they have not started back. Do you want more? How ;many more troops do you require with which to make successful defense of Louisville? We must not give it up while a chance of holding it remains. Eight regiments from here have been sent you, which with those promised form Illinois will give you a large force. A few more might be sent from here if absolutely necessary. Only ne ferry-boat can be sent. Others of too deep draught.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 21, 1862.

Captain J. A. DUBLE,

Commander Gunboat Flotilla, Cincinnati, Ohio:

CAPTAIN:

I have the honor to request that you send the following gunboats to Louisville, Ky., to report to Major General William Nelson, com

