
manding at that place. The boats to be sent are the following Emma Duncan, New York W. A. Healey, Izetta, Lady Jackson, Cottage.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

MUNFORDVILLE, September 22, 1862.

General THOMAS:

We must be at Nolin probably at 11 to-morrow. You must come through to-morrow night, notwithstanding the march will be long. The last train will soon pass you, and will be safe to return without your being on the road. You had best therefore march at dusk this evening, except perhaps two regiments at Cave City to put the sick on the return train for Bowling Green.

Your wagon train is, I presume, there by this time. It must be reported to-night, so as to start by daylight in the morning with the remainder of the supplies.

Let two regiments, a section of artillery, and a regiment of cavalry, which will wait here, bring up the rear of the wagon train.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 22, [1862]- 5 P. M.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: Send your wagons forward at once to-night to report to Captain Darr on the railroad at or near Rowlett's Station, to be loaded with provisions. The order was to send your train forward this morning, and we have been looking for it. Send escort with it.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &c.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Woodland, KY., September 22, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: The provision train will not reach this point before 5 p. m. I will therefore make arrangements to start early to-morrow morning. I have reports of cavalry and infantry near Mammoth Cave, the same probably referred to in your note of this morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 22, 1862.

Major-General NELSON:

I dispatch to you last evening from Horse Cave, but the courier did not leave until after I arrived here last night. I learn since, with tolerable certainty, that the enemy marched din force toward

Elizabeth

