
troops under your command, and give me your opinion as to how many regiments you can spare to go to louisville, which is evidently the point at which Bragg is aiming.

The force at that point should be strengthened to the fullest extent in our power; at the same time your lines should be maintained in sufficient force to repel any probable attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Maysville, Ky., September 22, 1862.

N. H. McLEAN,

Major and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Humphrey Marshall, with his command, was yesterday at Mouth Sterling. His command consists of about 3,000 men and he has ten pieces of artillery.

The information is derived from Mrs. McGowan, a daughter of Honorable Garret Davis, who resides in Mount Sterling, and dined with Humphrey Marshall there yesterday. She counted his pieces of artillery. There is no doubt of the truth of her statements except as to his force, which she estimates at 3,000.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. WILSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-fourth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, a September 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just received the following:

EVANSVILLE, IND., September 22, 1862.

The United States officer in command at Owensborough, Ky., calls for re-enforcements. We can send State troops: The commissary will not issue rations without an order. The State has no rations. Will your order the issue of such supplies as are necessary? Answer at once.

JNumbers LOVE,

Major-General, Indiana Legion.

During the present emergence am I not authorized to order the issue, not only of subsistence but other necessary supplies, to such State troops as may actually take the field?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 22, 1862.

General WHELLER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Buell to say, in answer to your request to admit the brother of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, killed in the affairs of yesterday, within our lines, he regrets he cannot, on account

