
of the present state of the service, accede to your wishes. General Buell has referred your note to me to give you the desired information in regard to the fate of Colonel Brown. He was killed outright in the handsome cavalry charge executed by your troops yesterday afternoon. His body was taken to a neighboring house and cared for. He will be interred to-day, and doubtless in the vicinity. His watch was taken charge of by an officer of rank in our service, and I will make it appoint to have it forwarded to you. I am not now informed whether there was any other valuables on the person of Colonel Brown.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 23, 1862.

General McCOOK:

March to the mouth of Salt River and cross to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL.

[SEPTEMBER -, 1862.]

Colonel FRY:

I will be at the mouth of Salt River to-night, but must march so as not to leave my men upon the road.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

BOWLING GREEN, [September] 23, 1862.

J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dr. Walter, a reliable man from Scottsville, reports that Breckinridge and his force were expected in Tompkinsville last night. This information is derived by scouts from Tompkinsville direct and from a family escaped from that place, and that men purporting to be quartermasters wanted to press wagons to haul corn, as they alleged, for Breckinridge's an Van Dorn's army, which would be along in a day or two. Everything which can be discovered tends to confirm this news. The secessionist of this part of the State are expecting a force form some source. I am scouting the country well and hope to know their movements before they are upon me.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Elizabethtown, September 23, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you leave your trains and push forward with your command as rapidly as possible-without regard to any trains you may meet on the road-to Louisville by way of the mouth of Salt River. You will only take with you your ambulances

