
[Inclosures.]

WASHINGTON, September 24, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You will receive herewith the orders of the President placing Major General G. H. Thomas in command of the Department of the Tennessee. You will therefore turn over your command to him and repair to Indianapolis, Ind., and await orders. All officers of your staff except your personal aides will report for duty to Major-General Thomas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE,

Numbers 138. Washington, September 23, 1862.

I. By direction of the President, the State east of the Tennessee River and such parts of Northern Alabama and Georgia as may be taken possession of by our troops will constitute the Department of the Tennessee.

II. Major General George H. Thomas is assigned to the command of the Department of the Tennessee.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 23, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: You will receive herewith the order of the President placing you in command of the Department of the Tennessee.

I am directed to say to you that the Government expects energetic operations by the troops placed under your command. In you movements you will pay no regard to State or department line, but operate against the enemy; find him and give him battle. If you form a junction with any troops belonging to the Department of the Ohio take command of them and use them.

Look well to the amount of your transportation and carry nothing with you which is not absolutely necessary. So far as you can subsist your army on the country passed over, paying or receipting for supplies as directed in general orders. The immobility of our armies results from the excess of transportation. This evil must be immediately remedied.

Send dispatches as often as possible giving information of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,September 24, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Or Commanding Officer U. S. Forces Munfordville:

It is reported to me that a courier in my service,a regular soldier of this army, by the name of I. N. Cory, was captured when bearing dispatches from Munfordville to Glasgow, and that he is now held in irons

