
was necessary on account of the absence of wood to use rails for the purpose.

This order, though general, applies more particularly at this time to the case of Mr. Patterson, on whose plantation you are now encamped. Give prompt attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near Florence, June 23, 1862.

General NELSON,

Iuka:

Have your division crossed at Eastport loaded with rations, each wagon to carry five days' forage for its own animals. The train will move forward on the north side to join you when you cross. Send an officer in charge and a detail with your train. Answer.

JAMES B. FRY.

DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Camp near Florence, Ala., June 23, 1862.

Captain GREENE:

We want supplies thrown forward Athens as far as practicable.

The object is to get them on the line of Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, June 23, 1862.

Colonel FRY:

Telegram received. I am sending supplies to Athens as fast as they arrive from Louisville. The river is too low for use. I have asked Colonel Swords to send forage by river if possible.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

EASTPORT, June 23, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your telegram of yesterday received at 10 a.m. to-day. I arrived here this morning after receiving my orders and at once made requisition on General Nelson for assistance. A detail reported to me this morning, but has been withdrawn, the regiment being ordered to Iuka. The work can hardly be begun and I cannot estimate when it will be done. I have got two good barges. When they are decked and the other arrangements completed teams can cross afloat as fast as at Florence. I request written authority to occupy as a depot for my --- and to use as a ferry during the progress of the work one of the stern-wheel boats at this place. The boat to be subject to my control exclusively till the crossing is effected, and also that a guard be placed

