
you might easily be cut off. Your first movement should therefore be on the former place it the rebels are in considerable force there. Whether you should then proceed to Cynthiana will depend upon the information you may there receive.

Colonel Berry has been informed as to my views in regard to the conduct of the expedition. Please confer freely with him in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 24, 1862.

Gov. DAVID TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

The following just received:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANAWHA,September 23, 1862-8.20 p. m.

Our transportation is interrupted on the Ohio River at Guyandotte. I have no more force here than will hold this point. Could a force be sent there or would it be practicable?

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 24, 1862.

Colonel STAGER:

Great excitement here. Every able-bodied man being impressed to take up arms for defense of city or work in intrenchments. An attack expected to-night or to-morrow. Buell close upon enemy's rear. Pontoon bridge being built move over if necessary.

SAM BRUCH.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I received your dispatch of the 23rd [20th] yesterday. It might seem useless for me to answer the frequent charges of tardiness that are made against the movements of the Army of the Ohio, though I think I could answer them with some effect. It is a mistake to suppose that Bragg has marched a greater distance than I have. The contrary is the case. He concentrated his force by railroad at Chattanooga, and from there has marched in a direct line to Bardstown, a distance of about 200 miles. My army, on the other hand (compelled by the nature of the case to move on outer lines continually), has marched some 300 miles, taking Huntsville as a center, and not including the marching from Corinth. In following the movements of the enemy I was obliged to move on Nashville from the position I had taken near the Cumberland

