
harbors of charleston and Savannah. A detachment of our army could, I think, take Louisville, while the main body would be marching to Cincinnati; but if we could get boats enough it would be shorter to go up the Ohio in them. To keep the command of cincinnati I would construct a strong work, heavily armed, at Covington.

Now for the operations in western Tennessee: The object there should be do drive the enemy from there and resume the command of the Mississippi. For these purposes I would concentrate rapidly at Grand Junction Price's army and all that could be spared form Vicksburg of Van Dorn's; from there I would make a forced march to Fort Pillow, which I would take worth probably only a very small loss. It is evident the forces at Memphis and Yazoo River would then have their line of communication by the rive with the north cut off, and they would have either to surrender or cross without resources into Arkansas, where General Holmes would take good care of them. From Fort Pillow I would compel the forces at Corinth and Jackson, Tenn., to fall back precipitately to Humboldt and Columbus, or their lines of communication would be cut off also. We would then pursue the vigorously beyond the Mississippi at Columbus, or Ohio at Paducah. We would thus compel the enemy to evacuate at once ether State of Mississippi and Western Tennessee, with probably the loss on our part of only a few hundred men. General Price could then be detached into Missouri to support his friends, where his fired, where his presence alone would be worth an army to the Confederacy. The armament and ammunition of the works referred to ought to be collected as soon as possible at Meridian and Chattanooga.

Such are the operations which I would carry into effect, with such modification as circumstances might require, if the President had judged proper to order me back to therm command of that army which I had with General Bragg's assistance collected together and organized, and which I had only left to recover my shattered health while my presence could be spared form it and until he informed me that it was ready to take the offensive.

Hopping for its entire success, I remain, very respectfully, you obedient servant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

(For Brigadier General Thomas Jordan's files (private), Chattanooga, Tenn.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 25, 1862.

General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I shall go to Louisville to-morrow morning, leaving you in command of the troops in this vicinity. Keep good watch over the enemy's movements, as he amy be disposed to make a sudden dash upon you, though I have no reason to suppose he has any large force in your vicinity. Keep General Gillmore supplied with as much cavalry as you can spare and have the Independence road well watched,

buell is in Louisville this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

35 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

