SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General S' OFFICE,Numbers 261. Washington, September 25, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General R. H. Milroy, U. S. Volunteers, with the artillery and infantry of his command, will proceed to Point Pleasant, Va., Department of the Ohio.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, September 25, 1862.

Gov. DAVID TOD, Columbus Ohio:

H. W. Strother, aide-de-camp to Governor, telegraphs Wheeling that Colonel Lightburn reports the rebels advancing on Point Pleasant in force. Can you send him troops? General Wright left for Louisville this morning; he has no troops that he consent to Western Virginia.

N. H. McLEAN

Assistant Adjutant- General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY.,

September 26, 1862-11.40 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

My troops are concentrated at this place. They have made long and rapid marches, and require clothing, which is being issued to-day. I shall immediately advance against the enemy. I suppose his main force to be at Bardstown. Two brigades have arrived within 12 miles of this place to-day. I am not satisfied that tit signifies an advance in force, but I shall be prepared. I am exercising commando the whole force here, but something is necessary to make the command homogeneous.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1862- 2 P. M.

General THOMAS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Boats are ordered to Salt River to bring the infantry of your command to this place. embark them this evening and reach here as soon as possible. Send your artillery and cavalry by land, and let your train also come by land. Lose no time. Send an officer up to Galt House by land to report and receive orders. If there are steamers enough to carry all your infantry you need not disembark till daylight. Let the men get all the rest they can. Make a memorandum this evening of the number of shoes and socks you want, so they may be issued to-morrow if there is time. Try and bring three day's rations in haversacks. There is reason to suppose the enemy is advancing.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY.,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

