
SEPTEMBER 26, 1862-7. p. m.

GENERAL: General Buell directs that you send one regiment as an outpost on the plank road leading past Oakland, on which you came in. Let this guard go out for about 2 miles, and consist of one regiment; also an outpost of two regiments on the Central plank road, which is about one-half mile in front of you and runs nearly parallel to your line of battle; this guard to be about 2 miles out. The division of Generals Crittenden and Wood are ordered to take position to-morrow morning on the line under your direction.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY.,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Louisville, September 26, 1862.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Buell desires the First, fifth, and Sixth Divisions to occupy a certain line of battle which will be pointed out to General Thomas by Captain Gilman, of this staff, and with a view of taking up their positions to -night if necessary or to-morrow. The general wisher Generals Wood and Crittenden to join General Thomas at Oakland this afternoon and examine the ground before dark, and also look at the ground for a mile or so in front. Major-General Thomas will be in command of this line and will give such directions to the three divisions as may be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 26, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Louisville, Ky.:

General Gillmore reports to General [A. J.] Smith that yesterday morning at 11 o'clock 500 rebel cavalry made a sudden dash on his pickets from the direction of California, capturing several small posts, and disappeared as suddenly as they came toward Crittenden. Fifty of his men missing. He fears his pickets will be in constant danger of being driven in unless he has mounted forces to scour the country for miles around.

McLEAN,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS,Maysville, Friday, September 26, 1862- a. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have just received the following intelligence from P. G. Childers, who lives 6 miles beyond Paris on the Lexington pike. He left Covington Monday his home; passed through Falmoth, leav-

