
ing Cynthiana on his left; went through Jacksonville home; saw no rebel force, but heard of 1,200 or 1,500 at Falmouth.

He left T. K. Marsh's on foot yesterday owning about 8 o'clock and traveled the turnpike road to this place. He reports from actual seeing that General Heth arrived at Paris night before last (September 24) with 4,000 or ten pieces, coming in on the Georgetown road, and next morning (yesterday, September 25) took the Mount Sterling road, to re-enforce Humphrey Marshall, who is at Mount Sterling.

Day before yesterday Captain Shawhan passed through Paris for Mount Sterling with a company, and gave out that the was hurrying back to Humphrey Marshall, to whose command he belongs.

There seems no room to doubt that our General Morgan is near Marshall and that the rebels are hastening to envelop hi. I hope he may be supported.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. H. WADSWORTH,

I have sent Childers back to Paris for news. If we had the telegraph to Hillsborough, Ohio, I could send my poor news in time.

W.

By appointment Marshall was to speak at Paris yesterday. He was marching Tuesday from Mount Sterling, but a courier arrived and stopped him.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Maysville, Ky, September 26, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General And Chief of Staff of the Ohio:

SIR: Information was brought in this morning from Paris by a citizen of that place, who left there yesterday and who is said to be perfectly reliable by Colonel William H. Wadsworth and other prominent Union men who reside here, that Humphrey Marshall come to Paris himself, but that his army did not, and that yesterday General Heth, with 4,000 men at least marched into Mount Sterling to re-enforce Marshall. I write this only because I deem it important that the major-general commanding should know the fact, not believing that any movement is contemplated by the enemy in this direction. I think even our prominent Union men here are unnecessarily alarmed on that subject.

I have ventured on sending a well-known citizen to Paris for further information on this subject.

I am, sir very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. B. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 13. Cincinnati, Ohio, September 26, 1862.

First Lieutenant Horace Porter Ordnance Department, u. S. Army, having reported for duty at these headquarters, is hereby appointed a

