
member of the department staff and announced as chief of ordnance Department of the Ohio.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Buell is here with his army, and I have a force here of raw troops, somewhat superior in number. There is no doubt that for operations against the enemy tense forces should be combined into one army. General Buell thinks it his duty to control the entire force, and that I have neither control nor responsibility in the matter of my own troops even. The question of the relations between us (he being my senior in date) should be at once decided, in order that the most effective steps may be promptly taken for operating against the rebel forces in Kentucky.

H. G. WRIGHT.

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, September 27, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

You will by virtue of your rank exercise command of the troops in Louisville until further orders. It is hoped that your force is now strong enough to enable you to immediately advance upon the enemy. there are many reasons-some of them personal to yourself-why there should be as little delay as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 27, 1862.

Colonel J. C. McKIBBIN, Cincinnati:

Dispatches will not be delivered till further orders.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., September 27, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Army of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I received yesterday evening a dispatch from the general in-chief which I submitted to you. It was as follows:

General Buell having reached Louisville will by virtue of his rank exercise command of the army at that place. this, however, will not interfere with your general command of the department. The matter is complicated, but you must endeavor to work harmoniously.

In conformity with these instructions I had the honor to state to you

---------------

*See Halleck to McKibbin, September 24, p. 538.

---------------

