
under my orders to prevent the confusion and delay that will otherwise happen from the presence of idlers.

JAMES ST. C. MORTON,

Captain of Engineers.

PITTSBURG LANDING, June 23, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Have arrested Captain Moe and taken his parole to report to you.

Colonel Gibson, sick in his berth, passed through the lines on boat Fort Wayne. I telegraphed to provost-marshal at Paducah to have him arrested.

F. F. REMPEL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

HUNTSVILLE, June 23, 1862.

General BUELL:

We are now informed from Nashville that our requisitions for ordnance stores require your approval. Can this be so?

If it be necessary I must send my requisition to you promptly, as Colonel Sill is in the face of the enemy and requires ammunition immediately. We are now borrowing from other batteries to supply his immediate wants. I am uncertain as to the result, but am determined to do my utmost to hold my position on Battle Creek near Jasper. Our re-enforcements will commence to go forward to-morrow from here.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 23, 1862.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. CRAIGHILL,

Corps of Engineers, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Cumberland Gap and report yourself to the nearest commanding officer of the United States troops as having my directions to enter at once upon and to push forward with the utmost vigor such works as you may find necessary for a thorough defense of that pass.

The commanding officer, by a letter which you will bear to him,* will be directed to consider the prompt completion of these defenses as an object of very great importance, and to that end will required to protect and aid your operations with all such means as his command will supply.

You will by letter report to the commander of that department your arrival at Cumberland Pass, transmitting to him a copy of these instructions. As soon as you have formed your project of defense you will send a sketch thereof with the necessary explanations, through you immediate commander to the commander of the department, and also to the Engineer Department here for my information, and at short intervals you will report through the same channels your state of advancement.

In order that the necessary ordnance may reach the works by the

---------------

*See of June 26,p.67.

---------------

