
personally than the forces at this point which had been assembled under my orders were at your command, and that anything I could do as the commander of the department to insure your to insure your success would be done, either in strengthening your present force or in supplying the various necessaries for an army. In order, however, than I may act understandingly I have to request information upon the following points:

1st. What additional force from the troops yet to be raised from the various States within the Department of the Ohio do you need for the operations you propose? Any excess beyond your necessities will be disposed of by me. I regret that up to this time I not been able to obtain from the authorities of the respective States the exact number of men or regiments they have been called upon to supply.

2d. What supplies from the quartermaster, commissary, and other branches of service within the department may be necessary for the successful prosecution of your plans? They shall be furnished on your call as far as possible, but the order outside the elicits of your army must come from me, as you will readily understand.

3d. I have sent certain gunboats and steamers to this point to cooperate with the troops. These, I would ask, should be relieved and instructed to report to me at Cincinnati, when I may discharge them or keep them in service, as may seem necessary.

4th. Major General Gordon Granger, with his division, was directed by the general-in-chief to report to me, to use his command as a nucleus about which to form an army of the new troops raised in the various States of the department. This command of General Granger, embracing four small regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two batteries of artillery, I should desire to have if they can be spared; and I shall then order them to report to me at Cincinnati. If you can dispense with them I shall be ready to supply their places with the first new troops raised in the States within the department. I shall leave for Cincinnati to-night by the 9 o'clock train. Any communications will reach me if addressed to me at that place.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -Can you spare me General Sheridan for the cavalry force I hope to raise. I need him much.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have received the dispatch of the general-in-chief saying that General Buell will by virtue of his rank exercise the command of the army at Louisville and that I must endeavor to work harmoniously with him. These instructions I have followed implicitly, having signified to General Buell that the entire force of between 45,000 and 50,000 men I have collected here and had organized are subject to his orders, and that anything further I can do to insure success shall be done. Any troops reported to me by the Governors of States within the Department of the Ohio that can be spared shall be sent to swell his army if he requires them.

