
While this is the important point at the present moment I am far from certain it will continue to be so unless a prompt advance of the forces here be made. I have taken from Cincinnati all the best troops, leaving there for the defense of the long line we are occupying only about ten raw and indifferent regiments. Against that great city the rebels may turn at any moment, and unless I can call the force here or obtain it in the mean time from Ohio I shall scarcely be in condition to offer a very successful resistance; of course I shall do the best I can. With a movement from here within a few days any such advance on the part of the enemy is not to be feared.

Western Virginia claims attention also; but while Louisville was threatened so seriously no troops could be spared from the force at Cincinnati or Louisville for that portion of the department. A division of force would have been defeat. I had ordered General Gillmore there with two regiments from Cincinnati after learning that T. A. Morris had declined and that J. J. Reynolds based his acceptance on the condition that his original rank should be given him, but countermanded it on the notice that General Milroy with his brigade had been sent there. Your dispatch of this evening has, however, decided me to send Gillmore thence for temporary duty at least.

I have also just received through a messenger from General Morgan information that he was at Manchester and proposed to proceed to Portsmounth, Ohio. He asks for a cavalry force and for horses to bring in his artillery. I regret his leaving the Gap. He was holding an important advance to Kentucky, and was keeping in check a force of the rebels of double his numbers. The cavalry I cannot send him, as I have none to spare, and if I had it could not reach him by the route he proposes to follow, as in the present low stage of the river boats cannot ascend it. Moreover, as he was reported to be at Manchester on the 20th he will by rapid marches reach the Ohio before the cavalry and horses for his artillery could join him. His force, if not imperatively needed elsewhere, might go to Western Virginia, where it would be most useful on account of the experience he has gained in mountain warfare. I would remark, however, that I do not fully credit the information above given, as General Morgan in his last dispatch says nothing of any intention to evacuate his position.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 27, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Cannot General Reynolds be sent immediately to Point Pleasant, and cannot troops be sent there from Cincinnati or other points in the West? No time should be lost in this matter. Please answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 27, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Reynolds, in answer to my telegram, says he cannot accept, except with original rank. This he ought not to have, and his appointment

