
should be canceled. Had ordered General Gillmore, but counter- manded it on the dispatch stating that General Milroy, with his brigade, had been ordered to Western Virginia. Will order him there anyhow I have no troops to send to that section at present. Have asked the Governor of Ohio to furnish any he may have in that section. Have just heard from Morgan, who has left the Gap, and is at Manchester. I shall do all I can to help him out. He proposes to make for Portsmounth, Ohio. All right with Buell. He takes full control and responsibility with forces here, and I will give any assistance to him in my power.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 46a. Louisville, September 27, 1862.

The baggage of officers must be reduced strictly to the allowance authorized by regulations. Frequent inspections will be made by inspectors appointed by the division commanders, and any excess will be thrown out. No trunks will be allowed. A valise will hold all the wearing apparel that is necessary for any officer.

II. When troops are ordered to move "light" it will be understood, unless otherwise specially expressed, that they will move without wagons, except ambulances and ammunition train. If ordered to move with "half baggage" they will be allowed one wagon to each division and brigade headquarters and one wagon to each regiment to carry a few necessary articles for the officers. In all cases the men will be expected to have in their haversacks provisions enough to last them three days. If a reserve supply is to be taken the orders will specify the amount and wagons will be taken to carry them.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,September 28, 1862.

Major BUFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to transmit the following list of regiments of cavalry under my command:

Ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Williams, about 600 effective men.

Ninth Kentucky, Colonel Jacob, 800 effective men.

Second Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, 300 effective men.

Sixth Kentucky, Colonel Halisy, 700 effective men.

Seventh Kentucky, Major Faulkner (disorganized).

Eleventh Kentucky, Major Graham, 400 effective men.

Fourth Indiana, not reported, unknown. It is now said to be on the Bardstown road.

With the exception of the Ninth Pennsylvania and Second Michigan these regiments have never been drilled at all and are perfectly raw. The Ninth Pennsylvania and Second Michigan can be depended upon.

This list I have made out here, estimating numbers from memory. Morning reports were ordered to be sent in this morning, but up to the time of my leaving camp had not come in. Some of the regiments do

