HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Maysville, Ky.. September 29, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Ohio:

SIR: Reynolds, Churchill's, Heth's, and Leadbetter's brigades and Kirby Smith himself have united with Humphrey Marshall at Mount Sterling. There are now more than 16,000 men and thirty pieces of artillery there. John Morgan sent there day before yesterday for 4,000 re-enforcements to enable him to hold some point-what point I did not learn. They are said to be fortifying Mount Sterling.

If the above is not all entirely reliable then I don't believe there is a loyal man in Kentucky. It comes from a dozen sources, and the informants are all reliable and agree.

It seems to be understood at Mount Sterling that General George W. Morgan is endeavoring to reach the Ohio River, and it is supposed that he is aiming for the month of Big Sandy. It is further stated, but there seems to be some doubt of its truth, that Humphrey Marshall has sent part of his force back to Hazle Green.

I know that I may be mistaken as to the importance of this information, and that you may be already advised of the movements of all these troops, but I have thought it of sufficient importance to dispatch a special messenger.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MAYSVILLE, September 29, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I believe our General Morgan is at Proctor, in Owsley County, Ky., and will state the intelligence on which I rest the opinion.

Rev. Mr. Adams, a lieutenant in the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, came into this place about dark this evening from Estill County, where he lives. Mr. Adams is intelligent, faithful, and well known to us. He left Estill yesterday, traveling hither between Mount Sterling and Winchester, and within 6 miles of the former town; he passed 4 miles west of Sharpsburg and staid all night at the Upper Blue Licks, and came through Flemingsburg to-day at 11 a.m. Tuesday night last a wagon-maker, who lives at same place with Mr. Adams, arrived home from Cumberland Gap, where he had been mending wagons for General Morgan. He told Mr. Adams that General Morgan left the Gap when he did; that he (wagon-maker) left General Morgan at Manchester, Clay County, Ky; came on to Proctor, in Estill, and there found De Courcy; came on 6 miles farther and found John Morgan (rebel horse-thief) with 1,200 men, he supposed, and so reported by his men. Two ladies arrived here late evening from Paris and Lexington; one with a large lot of wool passed through by order of Kirby Smith. Before she left Lexington a messenger (known to us) arrived from John Morgan, asking a re-enforcement. Mr. S. Steaman, Louisville, Ky., arrived here since dark to-night on his way home from Lexington. He says that our General Morgan is at Proctor fortifying and defying the enemy, and that John Morgan (with his horsemen) is before him. Mr. Adams passed himself off on the rebels yesterday near Mount Sterling as a friend, and learned from them that Humphrey Marshall's forces had been sent into

