
the mountains to head off our General Morgan. Last night a citizens of this county arrived from Mount Sterling, and he reports that 5,000 were sent from that place to heard off Morgan. Kirby Smith, with Heth, Leadbetter, McRae, Reynolds' and Churchil, is at Mount Sterling, and been passing through Paris thither since Wednesday. This we know from twenty sources, friends and foes, Unionist, secesh, and deserters. It is perfectly certain.

I do not believe there is a regiment of rebel infantry between Covington and Paris. There is not a company between Lexington and Maysville. There is some rebel cavalry down the valley of the Licking, ruining and disgracing the country. Six hundred, under Basil Duke, Saturday afternoon attacked and burned Augusta, a beautiful little town, with a loyal and cultivated population. They killed 9 of our people and carried away 40 or 50 of the best people in the United States; they shot some of the people after they surrendered with their own guns. They fired the house with shavings in one hand matches in the other, and burned up 5 of our wounded. It is a poor consolation to state that 30 of these bandits, including 4 officers, were killed and a number wounded. Dr. J. T. Bradford, carried away prisoner after a gallant defense, is worth the whole Confederate pack.

We hope these cruel outrages upon the people of this State are unavoidable. We hope it may fully appear to be so; but if the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, raised around Augusta and this place, had been left to defend them it could not have chanced. We are now threatened by considerable bodies of rebels between here and the Licking River; 150 in Flemingsburg to-day and 400 just behind them, all mounted. We suppose if they will kill us, burn our town, &amp;c. We will put up with this if it is necessary. We have furnished 6,000 men to our army from this district, and not one remains to defend us. You took the last when you called off the Tenth Cavalry. We have begged for help and you have properly refused it, if it was plainly necessary for the public interest, and no one will applaud you in that event more than your very obedient servant,

W. H. WADSWORTH.

Mr. Steaman reports General Stevenson (rebel) with 14,000 men at Richmond, Ky., on Friday.

W.

SPRINGFIELD, September 29, 1862-9 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Twelve regiments under orders for Louisville.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 29, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

We grieve to announce to you that this morning General William Nelson was killed in a rencounter with General Davis. About the same time intelligence was received that General Buell was superseded and directed to pass over to General Thomas his command. These two

