
ovents have caused great regret and something of dismay. General Buell has, in a very high degree, the confidence of this State and of the army. His removal, especially at this critical moment, will be dispiriting to the people and to the army. The latter, be assured, prefer him to any leader you could send them. It is not because they respect General Thomas less, but that, knowing more of General Buell, they confide in and love him more. But one day ago General Wright openly expressed the highest commendation of General Buell and his entire confidence in him. The lamented Nelson entertained the same opinion, and so far as we know do the general officers who have served under him. In our judgment the removal of General Buell will do great injury to the service in Kentucky.

J. J. CRITTENDEN.

GARRETT DAVIS.

R. MALLORY.

G. W. DUNLAP.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 47a. Louisville, September 29, 1862.

The general commanding announces with inexpressible regret the death of Major General William Nelson, which occurred in this city at 8.30 o'clock this morning.

The deceased was bred a sailor, and was an officer of the Navy, while holding a commission in the military service. History will honor him as one of the first to organize, by his individual exertion, a military force in Kentucky, his native State, to rescue her from the vortex of rebellion, toward which she was drifting.

He was a man of extensive information, comprehensive views, and great energy and force of character. By his nature he was intolerant of disobedience or neglect of public duty; but no man was more prompt to recognize and foster merit in his inferiors, and in his own conduct he set an example of that vigilance, industry, and prompt attention to duty which he exacted from others. In battle his example was equally marked. On more than one field-at Shiloh, Richmond, and Ivy Mountain-he was conspicuous for his gallant bearing.

The funeral of the deceased will take place at 3 p.m. to-morrow, at Cavalry Church, Third street.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 158. Louisville, September 29, 1862.

I. Following organization of corps is announced and will be observed until further orders, viz:

First Corps.-Major General A. McD. McCook commanding; Second Division (McCook's), Third Division (Rousseau's), Tenth Division (Jackson's).

Second Corps.-Major General T. L. Crittenden commanding; Fifth Division (Crittenden's), Sixth Division (Wood's), Fourth Division (Smith's).

Third Corps.- Major General C. C. Gilbert commanding; First Division (Schoepf's), Ninth Division (Mitchell's), Eleventh Division (Boyle's).

Division commanders will report in person to their corps commanders,

