
and commanders of corps will report to the general commanding at the Galt House at 9 o'clock this evening.

* * * * * * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Buell:

[J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 30, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I received last evening your dispatch suspending my removal from my command. Out of sense of public duty I shall continue to discharge the duties of my command to the best of my ability until otherwise ordered.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

MAYSVILLE, September 30, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: Since my dispatch last night by Mr. Bierbower I have just received into my lines one of our General Morgan's men (Victor Goldsmith), private in the Twenty-second Kentucky, captured, with two others, on Friday, the 26th instant, between Hazle Green and West Liberty, in Morgan County, Ky., by rebel General John Morgan. Four soldiers (including Victor) were in the rear of our General Morgan's army, driving 80 head of cattle, and the rebels ambushed them; killed one and captured the other three. Victor says General George Morgan left Cumberland Gap on the 18th instant with all his army except the sick, 12,000 men and thirty-odd pieces, and marched through Manchester, Proctor, Campton, and Hazle Green on West Liberty; thence aiming through Grayson to Portsmounth. General Morgan left Hazle Green Friday morning, and Victor was captured same day on the march to West Liberty, beween 4 and 5 o'clock p.m. Distance to West Liberty from Hazle Green 15 miles. Morgan was not attacked on the route, and is no doubt now near Portsmounth, unless cut off since Friday. He marches 20 miles a day. We learned night before last that 5,000 men had been sent through the mountains from Mount Sterling by Kirby Smith to intercept his march, and were ordered if they could not do so to turn around on Maysville. We hear of the enemy's cavalry, reported at 600, marching for May's Lick from Flemingsburg this morning.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

H. B. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-fourth Ohio, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, September 30, 1862.

Colonel H. B. WILSON,

Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Maysville, Ky.:

COLONEL: Your several dispatches of 29th and 30th ultimo were duly received at these headquarters and have had attention. The general commanding desires to express the gratification he feels at the activity displayed by you and the force under your command in operations

