
against the enemy, as evidenced in your very satisfactory report of the expedition from Maysville to Brookville, Augusta, &amp;c.

You have his thanks for the information furnished concerning the movements of our General Morgan and of the enemy.

The general commanding [hopes] that the activity you have heretofore displayed will be continued in watching and circumventing the designs of the enemy.

You will endeavor to keep your force in the best position for resisting, and to the best of our ability will repel any attack of he enemy, unless made in entirely overwhelming force, in which case you will have in view arrangements for a successful retreat, which however, it is hoped will not be rendered necessary.

It will not at present be possible to re-enforce you to any considerable extent from here.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright, commanding department:

J. M. RICE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, September 30, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding, &c., Louisville, Ky.:

The following dispatch just received:

MAYSVILLE, September 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

Our General Morgan is at Proctor, Owsley County, Ky. John Morgan (rebel) is before him. Kirby Smith is at Mount Sterling, with Leadbetter, Heth, McRae, Reynolds, and Churchil.

Gentlemen from Lexington Stevenson (rebel) and 14,000 men at Richmond, Ky., on Friday. The rebels burnt Augusta on Saturday. They are menacing us. We are looking to you.

W. H. WADSWORTH.

Respectfully forwarded.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 159. Louisville, Ky., September 30, 1862.

I. Major General G. H. Thomas is announced as second in command in this army. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 1, 1862.

General THOMAS:

If nothing should have occurred to render a change in our dispositions necessary the troops will continue the march to-morrow as follows:

The column on the Shelbyville pike will go to Shelbyville. The column on the Taylorsville pike will continue on that pike to Plum Creek,

