
which will be near where the pike forks, one branch going to Taylorsville and the other to Shelbyville.

The column on the Bardstown pike will go to Floyd's Fork and prepare the banks to cross. The Mechanics will also at once go to work to bridge the creek with all dispatch.

The leading division on the Shepherdsville road will go near to Shepherdsville. The other two divisions will turn off on the road going to Mount Washington, and halt at the first water on that road. They will push forward an advance guard and prepare the banks of Floyd's Fork for crossing. The cavalry will push well in advance of the columns and clear the way. They must keep the country thoroughly under watch for 6 or 8 miles in advance of the columns. The roads must be repaired where they require it. I shall be on the Bardstown road to-morrow, but wish you to remain with that column unless I get up in time for you to turn off.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 1, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Louisville, Ky.:

I have sent you a dispatch from Colonel Wardsworth in regard to the position of Morgan. It gives me much uneasiness. I have less than 10,000 raw troops to advance upon the rebels, while Kirby Smith has a much superior force of veterans. With Marshall's and Smith's forces I should be largely outnumbered and of course defeated. I see no salvation for Morgan except Morgan except an advance on your part to force Smith to join Bragg. I shall push forward what force I have at once in the hope that this may save him.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 1, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

From information received I am satisfied Morgan is safe. He was at West Liberty on Friday last on his way to the Ohio River via Grayson. The rebels have given up the pursuit and have returned to Mount Sterling and Paris. Reports are also received that Marshall's and Smith's forces are advancing in this direction, but I do not credit them.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 1, 1862-3 p.m.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Louisville, Ky.:

State in detail what troops you have sent to the Kanawha Valley. There is much anxiety here about that point, and forces must be sent there without delay. What news from Kentucky?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

36 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

