
CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 2, 1862.

(Received 6.20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Have communicated with Governors as directed. This I have done over and again since my arrival in the department; but of late troops come in slowly.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 2, 1862.

Honorable W. H. WADSWORTH, Maysville, Ky.:

SIR: Your two communication of this date have been received and I have to thank you for the information therein furnished in regard to the movements of Kirby Smith's force.

As to General Morgan's whereabouts I have no information later than that you brought yesterday. What purported to be intelligence of his arrival at some point on the Ohio River proved upon investigation to be pure speculation.

Your pressing demands for additional force for the defense of Maysville are not unreasonable, and would have been long since complied with had it in my power. As explained to you personally, any detachment from the comparatively small force at this point would be inadmissible this time, and I had supposed the reasons assigned by me for this conclusion were satisfactory to you till your letters, above acknowledge, were received. I regret that it is otherwise, for I had expected you to do me justice, so far as not to expect me to furnish forces which I have not for the protection of all places along the borders liable to raids of rebel bands. Any attempt to do this with the troops at my disposal would entail their defeat, without the slightest compensatory advantage.

Operations to be successful must be made in conformity with the principles presented in our conversation. These will be carried out as soon as possible. Every exertion is being made to that end.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOUNT WASHINGTON, KY.,

Via Louisville, October 3, 1862. (Received 4.50 p.m.)

General HALLECK, Washington:

I have received your dispatch of yesterday. My troops have been in motion since yesterday. They occupy to-day Shepherdsville, Mount Washington, Taylorsville, and Shelbyville. Bragg's force is mainly at Bardstown. He is collecting supplies at Danville, and may concentrate at that point.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLOYD'S FORK, KY.,

Via Louisville, October 3, 1862. (Received 6.20 p.m.)

General H. W. HALLECK:

Brigadier-General Davis is under arrest at Louisville for the killing

