
of General Nelson. His trial by a court-martial or military commission should take place immediately, but I can't spare officers from the army now in motion to compose a court. It can perhaps better be done from Washington.

The circumstances are that on a previous occasion Nelson censured Davis for what he considered neglect of duty, ordered him to report to general Wright at Cincinnati, Ohio. Davis said will reference to that matter that if he could not get satisfaction or justice would take the law into his own hands. On the occasion of the killing he approached Nelson in a large company and introduced the subject. Harsh or violent words ensued, and Nelson slapped Davis in the face and walked off. Davis followed him, having procured a pistol from some person in the party, and met Nelson in the hall of the hotel. Davis fired. The ball entered the right breast, inflicting a mortal wound and causing death in a few minutes.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Salt River, October 3, 1862-9 a.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Ohio:

I have the honor to report the arrival of the head of the train at this place at 7.30 this a.m. I found your instructions here. In accordance therewith I immediately had the train move forward for Louisville. They are proceeding finely; some 150 teams have crossed the river at this time. I had divided the train into three sections. The first section will arrive at Louisville to-night; the second section will reach half way to Louisville; the third section will perhaps cross the river yet to-night.

This morning everything was in order throughout the train; we had not lost a dollar's worth of property, with the exception of a few broken down wagons, which we had to abandon.

I reached Hancher's Ferry on the morning of the 27th; found no wagons there. My courier arrived in the evening; reported that the wagons would cross at Brownsville. On the 28th I proceeded to Mooresville. On arrival there I found the head of the train in the act of crossing; some 100 teams had crossed. I found the coming up on the bank of the river very bad and very slow getting up.

We crossed some 500 teams yet on the 28th. On the 29th worked with a will; kept repairing the roads; kept two gangs of men ready with a long rope and hook to help the teams up. By 6 o'clock we had the teams all across, some 1,700 in number, all told. On the morning of the 30th I set the train in motion in three different sections, with escort properly distributed. We continued our march without any interruption worth mentioning up to this time, over very rough, some places rocky and hilly, roads. It was not possible to have made 25 miles per day over the roads we had to come without breaking down one-half the teams. We worked busily all the while; kept going as far as the mules could stand it to go. We managed to find plenty of feed and water at our camping places for our stock; in fact everything appeared to move off as well as could be wished for. I shall feel very thankful when the rear of the train gets up, of which I think there will not be much doubt. I do not ask it as a favor to shoulder such a responsibility very soon again. I have never heard of a train moving of this large

