
proportion. At 50 feet to the team, which is a small space for them to travel in, it made a column of over 17 miles in length, besides the brigade of cavalry occupying nearly another mile. On the pike I could have made 25 miles per day easier than 15 miles per day the way I came. Up to this point I averaged a daily march of 20 miles and over.

On my arrival here I received your instructions to move to Shepherdsville with my brigade, and to let the train proceed on to Louisville without an escort. As the rear of the train will not be up before night I shall not be able to move to Shepherdsville before to-morrow morning. I was in hopes that we would be allowed to move on to Louisville to give us a little rest, as both men and horses are very much worked down from hard labor performed for four weeks back, and to give us as opportunity to fit out the command in good shape again. As we are now we are in a poor condition to move against the enemy.

At least one-third of my men (Third Ohio) are dismounted, the horses having sore backs and give out otherwise in these long, hard trips of late. The horses we have on band are very much jaded and fatigued. Then the command is without haversacks and canteens; in a great measure many out of clothing. We likewise need more horse equipments of all kinds and arms, as owing to the want of transportation we had to turn over these articles, as fast as they accumulated, at Savannah, Pittsburg Landing, Tuscumbia, &amp;c., having a good many more sick in Nashville, Savannah, before Corinth who had entered the hospitals or were sent home on sick leave who had to leave their arms with the command. A large number of these convalescents have returned and are without arms, horses, or horse equipments. With the other two regiments, the Fourth Ohio and Fifth Kentucky, it is about the same thing. On the whole, as stated above, we are rather in a bad shape to make a forced march. Another thing which I hoped to have brought about: My regiment has now seven months' pay due them; both officers and men need money very much, which I had hoped would be paid them on arrival at Louisville, where they would have forwarded it to their families.

As for myself I am about worn-out and nearly down sick from the hard labors and exposures subjected to for the past month. Our transportation needs repairing very much before going on again with it. The same is scattered. One part of it, which was left at Nashville, is now moving with this train to Louisville; one part of it, which we left at Elizabethtown before going southward, I am not aware of its whereabouts; each part of the same has men and horses with it. Our property is scattered throughout the three parts of transportation. Then again my men ought to have their overcoats, which they had to pack up at Tuscumbia; where they were sent to I know not. Nights are getting wet and cool, and men doing picket duty need their overcoats.

I wish you would consider these matters. Send any further instructions by my courier that you may have for me. He will return to-night.

I am. very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS ZAHM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 3, 1862-12 m.

MAJOR-GENERAL Commanding U. S. FORCES AT SALT RIVER:

GENERAL: I am reliably informed that the forces under your command not only fired upon my men, but that you have crossed Salt River

