
with a large force and taken position while a flag of truce sent by yourself was pending.

You will please give me in writhing such explanations as you deem proper, in order that I may lay them before the commanding general. The bearers of the flag of truce return herewith. As soon as the officer and the escort who accompanies him return to me with your answer I shall consider that hostilities are again to be resumed.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 3, 1862-10.30. p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Morgan has arrived with his command at Greenupsburg. Will telegraph further particulars in the morning.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WHEELING, VA., October 3, 1862.

General WRIGHT, U. S. A., Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: From the best information that I can get there are about 10,000 rebels at Charleston and Kanawha. They have forty pieces of artillery-two 24-pounders; are fortifying at different points in the neighborhood and making and transporting salt, as fast as they can, south. It will take a superior force to dislodge them by going up the river and attacking them from that direction.

The only mode I think practicable is to form a column of 10,000 to 15,000 at Clarksburg, on the Northwestern Virginia Railroad, and proceed via Weston, Sutton, Summersville, and down the Gauley. This route cuts off the source of their supply and the outlet of the salt and is a practicable route for transportation, and secures us against their coming into the northwest part of the State. It was in view of this that I asked that Milroy's brigade be stopped at Clarksburg.

It seems that the order directing West Virginia to be attached to the division of Ohio embraces New Creek, in Hampshire County, near Cumberland, Md.

I learn from General Kelley, who was in command there under General Wool, that he was been ordered to report to you. This places General Kelley in your department, and he is now the ranking general. He is a very good man and can conduct the campaign. Milroy is next to him in rank and has good reputation for fighting.

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

Six regiments more at Point PLeasant I think would be enough for that point. If Milroy is left at Clarksburg eight regiments more will make that column strong enough with what is there.

F. H. P.

