
The brigade at this place be completed on the 26th, from which time the trains will be able to run through to Decatur. The rear of Wood's division will leave here on the 27th. The bulk of Thomas' division will take post here, with a regiment at Iuka and guards at all of the bridges. His cavalry will diligently paroled the railroads and the various roads south.

That we shall have ample employment toward the south and perhaps the east also for all the troops that can be put into East Tennessee seems to me about as probable a hypothesis as can be made, and I hope you will think proper to relieve Thomas very soon, so that he may at once get into position. I shall leave here on the 26th and reach Huntsville on the 29th.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 24, 1862.

Captain CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fourth Cavalry, U. S. Army:

The general commanding directs that you cross the river with your command with General Crittenden and march with him in the morning. The orderlies on duty at headquarters and the company detailed for patrol duty have been relieved and will return to camp this morning. Send to General Crittenden for further orders and instructions about crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WRIGHT,]

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant-Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 24, 1862.

Captain DARR,Eastport:

Gaubert's train starts to Waterloo to-day for rations. Send back with it the cavalry you now have, and any convalescents fit to march, having their equipments carried in the wagons. Cross the cavalry at once. Be prepared to square up at Eastport and go forward and establish new depots in a day or two.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Florence, June 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Sixth Division:

General Buell directs me to say that in accordance with instructions sent you to-day your leading brigade will continue on with the Engineer Regiment, making the repairs to Decatur, leaving the guards as designated. Your second brigade will march to-morrow and go through to Decatur. These two brigades will cross the river as soon as practicable after their arrival at Decatur, and await your third brigade on the north side or orders to proceed. Your third brigade will march for Decatur as soon as General Thomas headquarters and troops reach

