HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 3, 1862.

Gov. F. H. PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, Va.:

General Milroy, not having yet reported, is presumed to be still acting under instructions received from the general-in-chief, but as you deem it so important for him to stop at Clarksburg forward to him my request to do so, if he is not acting under superior authority. Unless he has a large force with which to operate from that point I do not understand the object of his stopping there. Please explain at once.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 4, 1862.

Major General H. W. HELLECK,

Commanding the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will please inform this office whether or not Generals Grant, Buell, and Rosecrans are independent of each other and to whom they are respectively subordinate, and during what time, if any, these officers have been in the exercise of independent commands; and whether, besides these, there are any other officers in your late command, not now included in the Departments of Ohio and Missouri, who are in the command of separate and independent armies, subject in each case only to yourself.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,October 6, 1862.

General Buell is in command of so much of the District of Ohio as is not included in the Department of the Ohio. He has command of the army operating against the enemy in Kentucky and Tennessee.

General Grant commands the District of West Tennessee and what remains of the armies of the Tennessee and the Mississippi.

General Rosecrans is under the orders of General Grant.

Generals Buell and Grant alone command armies independent of department commanders and subject only to the orders of the general-in-chief.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLORSVILLE, KY., October 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

I have just met a man who left Springfield, by way of Fairfield and Bloomfield, this morning. He says there are no organized forces at either place; only a few companies to guard the mills. There were a few moments ago two deserters of the First Louisiana came to my

