
pickets. They left camp at Bardstown yesterday morning after guard mounting. They say Bragg's entire army is there, and that they intend to fight. They have no intrenchments, and the force as far as they know is 60,000. They say they have a great many recruits since they came to Kentucky, and that they have a considerable number not armed. I have my cavalry out on the Frankfort road to see what is going on between Lawrenceburg and Hardinsville. The citizen I spoke of at first says Bragg passed through Springfield to Lexington; that Buckner was with him. Polk is in command at Bardstown, for every report says Bragg passed Springfield on Monday last.

What step shall I take about supplies for the divisions here and the ones at Shelbyville? I hear our train from Bowling Green got up safely.

Please keep me advised timely of any movement required of me. My new division moves very well. I think the enemy can be found in force at Bardstown. The deserters say they heard their captain and their colonel talking when on picket. The plan was to draw Buell to Bardstown; then Kirby Smith to come on our rear between us and Louisville. Sill sends a report, and which was forwarded to him this morning, that General Stevenson had come down through Cumberland Gap, Danville, and Lawrenceburg, and intended to march on Hardinsville. How true I do not know.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

P. S.- 5 P. M. Your dispatch to cross Salt River just received. I will move at once.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,October 4, 1862-12.30 a.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Ohio, Fairfield:

Your dispatch dated October 3, 12 p.m. just received. I have information direct from Frankfort from Mr. Taylor, cashier of the bank there, that Marshall, Heth, and Stevenson were gathering their forces at that point yesterday. Messenger left there at 3 p.m. Aggregate reported at 30,000; at the time the courier left there was cavalry only. It was reported to the courier that Kirby Smith and staff had crossed the Kentucky River in this direction, and that the rebels would await us between Frankfort and Hardinsville.

I have a brigade at Clay Village, and will shape my course according to information received. I ought not to uncover the road to Louisville. I will give speedy information, which will enable you to judge whether I ought to be re-enforced by McCook or hold fast until the result at Bardstown.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-1 P. M. Courier just arrived from Colonel Kirk, commanding Fifth Brigade, at Clay Village, between 11 and 12. He met and drove before him a force of 1,200 cavalry; had 7 or 8 prisoners and a number

