
killed and wounded. Citizens reported to him a large infantry force at Hardinsville. Fight still progressing when courier left. I will wait for another messenger before moving the rest of the division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,October 4, 1862-12.30 a.m.

Major General A. McD. McCOOK,

Commanding First Corps, Bloomfield:

SIR: The following note has just been received from Mr. Taylor, cashier of a branch of the State Bank at Frankfort, Ky., by the hands of a reliable man, vouched for by Henry Todd, whom you know:

All the forces north of Kirby (or Kentucky), including Heth, Marshall, and Stevenson from the Gap, are massing here. They may amount to 30,000. Steven or eight leading generals now here.

The bearer of this left Frankfort yesterday at 3 p.m., and took a circuitous route via Christiansburg, to avoid the enemy's pickets. He says that be himself saw many wagons and cavalry in the streets, and that the prevalent rumor was that the rebel forces from Georgetown, Versailles, and Lexington were all concentrating at Frankfort; that at the time he left, 3 p.m., they had not all arrived. That it was reported Kirby Smith and staff had crossed the river in that direction, and the report was that the enemy would make a stand between Frankfort and Hardinsville.

No news at this time from Colonel Kirk, charged with making a reconnaissance toward Claysville. Lieutenant Moore, who went out last night by the dirt road toward Hardinsville, has not returned as yet.

I will communicate to you rapidly all that I can learn of the enemy. I do not intend to move from here. In view of the above it may be necessary for you to come rapidly this way.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,In Field, October 4, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding United States Forces:

GENERAL: I addressed you a communication yesterday in relation to your men firing upon mine and a general advance of your army during the pendency of a truce inaugurated by yourself. Your flag was not detained one moment, but waited voluntarily for a reply. Your men fired upon mine first, as the general in command of the advance admitted by stating that they should be arrested. Whilst the truce was pending a brigade of your command, by a flank movement, emerged from the woods not 300 yards from my battery and small-arms. I sent to the officer and notified him of the fact, and I would not fire upon his supposed position when the flag returned, but at your advancing cavalry. You took 1 lieutenant and 10 men prisoners whilst this truce was in effect. I respectfully, positively demand their return, and, further, desire to know if it is in accordance with your ideas of military law for

