
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 4, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Unless you absolutely require Morgan's troops for the defense of Cincinnati they should be sent immediately to Point Pleasant. General J. D. Cox has been ordered there to take the command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 4, 1862.

(Received 4.40 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

On receipt of your first dispatch this morning I ordered Morgan's forces to Point Pleasant. His troops are not absolutely required for the defense of Cincinnati.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 5, 1862-2 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Is it your intention to have all the force for operations in Western Virginia concentrated at or in the vicinity of Point Pleasant? Such would be indicated by your orders. With troops now there (those sent from here), with Morgan's command and Milroy's brigade, that force will probably amount to 21,000 men. At and about Clarksburg there are, I understand from Governor Peirpoint, say, 3,700 men, besides some 1,800 men for guarding the road between Grafton and Parkersburg. As the enemy's force in the Kanawha Valley probably does not exceed 10,000 we have force enough for two columns, one from Point Pleasant of, say, 10,000, the other from Clarksburg of 15,000. Should not this be undertaken instead of simply attacking the enemy in front and driving him back? The propriety of this plan depends of course upon the danger of any large force of the rebels crossing the mountains into Western Virginia from the direction of Winchester or Staunton. I have stopped Milroy at Parkersburg till I hear from you.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, October 5, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Grant telegraphed me last evening for re-enforcements. I have two good regiments that could be sent forward and keep new ones here. A few new ones could be used at Columbus and vicinity and send old ones forward. Price attacked Corinth Friday morning with 40,000 men, and after two days' hard fighting was repulsed with great slaughter. Our troops behaved splendidly. I think there is no immediate danger of Grant's communication being cut off with Columbus. If another attack is made soon it will most likely be either at Bolivar or Memphis. He ought to have re-enforcements.

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.

