
CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 5, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Tuttle, at Cairo, telegraphs me that General Grant was attacked at Corinth by Price with 40,000 men, and after two days' fight the latter was repulsed. General Grant called for re-enforcements, and I have directed General Tuttle to draw seven regiments from Illinois for the purpose.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 5, 1862.

General A. C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General, Springfield, Ill.:

I have instructed General Tuttle to call on the Governor of Illinois for re-enforcements for General Grant to the extent of seven regiments if needed. Please furnish them on his requisition, not exceeding that number.

H. W. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bloomfield, Ky., October 5, 1862.

General THOMAS:

My cavalry have occupied Chaplin, on Beech Fork, since daylight. They report Hardee encamped 6 miles south of Chaplin. I cannot credit it. If a part of the rebel force has gone to Frankfort, if I move to Chaplin and get water it will be 8 miles there and 8 back to get to Shelbyville, 16 miles out of my way. if they concentrate at Harrodsburg, Chaplin is my route. The roads from Chaplin to Lawrenceburg and from Chaplin to Willisburg are rough but practicable roads. General Sill, at Shelbyville, advanced one of his brigades to Claysville; encountered about 1,200 cavalry there. He also had information that the enemy is concentrating at Hardinsville, 12 miles in his front. There were about 50 or 100 cavalry in my front on the Springfield pike this morning. They ran at 10.30 back toward Springfield. I informed General Buell that I would not move to-day. Please keep me advised of your movements, so that I can co-operate. I am blissful ignorance.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

BARDSTOWN, October 5, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The enemy retreated from this place yesterday morning on the Springfield road, and my troops entered in the evening after a brisk cavalry skirmish. The probability is that they are making for Danville. We are following. Your advance toward Lexington would decidedly affect the movements of the enemy. It is reported that Smith is concentrating on Frankfort.

D. C. BUELL.

