
to take part in anything which may result from the advance on Perryville to-morrow by the other corps.

If, however, you think the road will not do, then come by way of the Springfield and Perryville road direct and each the Little Beech, 5 miles from Springfield, to-morrow night. General Sill must make forced marches to join you, moving by Bloomfield, Glenville, and Springfield, and the direct road to Perryville. The provisions for Jackson's division, now at Bardstown, in Captain Williams' 35 wagons, should of course he shared with the other divisions if necessary, and your other trains should be hurried forward and the empty wagons sent for more supplies to Shepherdsville unless otherwise ordered. You must of course be prepared for action at any moment. Report your action on this order, stating which road you take and your progress. We will be on the direct road from Perryville to Springfield, leaving our present camp about 7 a.m.

The movement of Sill's division must depend on the correctness of this report that the enemy have left Frankfort.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NOTE BY GENERAL BUELL.- The original dispatch should have added here: "Other information indicates that the enemy will concentrate at Perryville or HarrodsburgJanuary

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

BARDSTOWN, October 6, 1862.

General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The enemy retreated from this place yesterday morning on the Springfield road, and my troops entered in the evening after a brisk cavalry skirmish. The probability is they are making for Danville. We are following. Your advance would decidedly affect the movements of the enemy. It is reported that Smith is concentrating on Frankfort.

BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 6, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX, Point Pleasant, Va.:

Please determine as soon as possible the force you consider necessary for reoccupying and holding the Kanawha Valley, and if, as I suppose, you have more than sufficient in your district, I wish to bring the surplus here. I much desire to have the whole of General Morgan's forces if you can get along without them. A few regiments of new troops may be sent in their place. I have nothing here but new troops, and Morgan's forces as a basis of organization is much needed here. It is probably too late to organize two columns, one from Point Pleasant, the other from Clarksburg. Your troops should move forward as soon as possible, while the weather and roads are good.

Respectfully, yours,

WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

