
Tuscumbia. It is thought General Thomas will get here on Saturday. He has already been ordered to relieve at once your guards west of this point. They will therefore march with your rear brigade. The guards east of Tuscumbia will be relieved by General Thomas and sent forward to Decatur.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, June 24, 1862.

General BUELL:

We still hold our own near Jasper, on the other side of Battle Creek. A large force of the enemy's cavalry entered Jasper on the 21st, expecting to meet there seven or eight regiments of their infantry, with artillery, which were to have crossed at Rankin's Ferry, opposite the mouth of the Sequatchie, but did not cross for some reason unknown to us. The rebel cavalry fell back and our scouts penetrated to Jasper and beyond. I have ordered Colonel Sill to strengthen his position on Battle Creek, which is by nature very strong. His right rests on the river Tennessee and his front Battle Creek, which cannot be forded, while his left rests on the mountains. The Eighteenth Ohio left this morning at 6 by rail for Stevenson. The Nineteenth Illinois and half Simonson's battery will probably reach Bellefonte this evening. On to-morrow General Negley's force will begin to reach Elk River, so we are doing what we can. I have supposed it possible the enemy's cavalry crossing opposite Chattanooga might pass the mountains to McMinnville for a raid on Wartrace and Murfreesborough. I have directed the commanding officer to be ready.

Please give me all the notice you can, that we may be ready to transport your troops.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

IUKA, June 24, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

My division has just arrived; has been delayed by the bad roads. Will send a guard to Eastport to-day, and will send my quartermaster to take charge of the clothing as soon as he arrives here with his train.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 24, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The position assigned your division is with a view to guarding the railroad and telegraph from Iuka to Decatur. The general thinks the orders sent you to-day fixing the position of your troops will accomplish the object.* If, however, you find it otherwise, make such changes as may be necessary.

It is hoped you will soon be permitted to join the rest of this army, and when you are ordered to do so that you will have your division on

---------------

*See Special Orders, No. 85, p.61.

---------------

