
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 6, 1862-11 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

If your force at Point Pleasant is sufficient to reoccupy and hold the Kanawha Valley General Milroy can be sent to Clarksburg. Be careful to avoid dividing your forces and being beaten in detail. The troops should move as soon as possible, while the roads are good. Major-General J. D. Cox has been ordered to take immediate command in the Kanawha.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 6, 1862-3.30 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Major-General Cox leaves here to-night for Point Pleasant. He will have the immediate command of the District of Western Virginia. He agrees with you that General Milroy's brigade should go immediately to Clarksburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HAYESVILLE, October 7, 1862-6 p.m.

Major-General BUELL:

About 2 1/2 miles west of this place I can get a camp on the Rolling Fork where there is said to be an abundance of water. As there is no water here I propose to camp there. It will only throw us about 1 1/2 miles farther from Perryville. It was reported to me on my arrival that the rebels had 200,000 pounds of pork at Lebanon. At first I ordered a regiment to go there and seize it. I afterward learned that it belonged to a company of pork-packers, who profess to be Union men. I therefore concluded not to send or seize it, as we can get it at any time by sending for it.

Maxey's brigade is also reported as leaving Lebanon to-day for Danville, via Bradfordsville and Hustonville, with a train loaded with flour and pork from Lebanon. Shall I send and intercept him now or capture him hereafter?

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS.

OCTOBER 7, 1862-7 p.m.

General THOMAS, Second in Command:

The Third Corps (Gilbert's) is within 3 1/2 miles of Perryville, the cavalry being near, perhaps 2 1/2 [miles]. From all the information received to-day it is thought the enemy will resist our advance into Perryville. They are said to have a strong force in and near the place. We expect to attack and carry the place to-morrow.

March at 3 o'clock precisely to-morrow morning without fail, and if possible get all the canteens filled and have the men cautioned to use water in the most sparing manner. Every officer must caution his men

