
on this point. Send back every team and animal that is not absolutely necessary with the troops, as they will suffer for water. All the wagons which come must move in rear of your troops.

The right of Gilbert's corps is opposite to Gordon's place, which is on the Lebanon pike, and from Gordon's to Gilbert's right is about ` 2 or 2 1/2 miles. When the Second Corps gets up to that vicinity, that is to say about 3 or 3 1/2 miles from town, let the front be halted and put in order of battle, and the whole column closed up and the men allowed to rest in position and made as comfortable as possible, but not allowed to scatter.

The commander of the corps must then immediately have the front reconnoitered and gain all the information he can of the position of the enemy and his strength, and also of the nature of the country, in his front. This must be done by inquiring of the inhabitants and by personal examination of the officers and by reconnaissance.

When the column has got into position you will please report in person at these headquarters with all the information you may have been able to obtain, and instructions for the further movements will be given. Send orderlies back with bearer to learn where our headquarters are. All the usual precautions must be taken and preparations made for action. There is no water near us, and we can expect but little, if any, until we get it at Perryville. Nothing has been heard of you since we parted this morning.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, October 7, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I made yesterday an examination of the Bardstown road. The trestles are destroyed, and it will require at least fifteen days to repair the road. I have not heard definitely from the Lebanon road; will send a party on a hand car to examine and report. My forces are at work on the Bardstown road be our order received on Saturday night. I think time would have been gained by repairing Lebanon road first. If you so direct I will move the whole force to Lebanon road. Bridge will be completed over salt River this week. Frankfort road is in good order to Benson Creek, 8 miles this side of Frankfort.

At Bagdad, 14 miles this side of Frankfort, a good road runs to Shelbyville pike. Distance from Bagdad to Danville about 50 miles. Frankfort Railroad Company can transport daily to Bagdad 350 tons.

J. B. ANDERSON.

IN THE FIELD, October 7, 1862.

General NEGLEY:

Your dispatch of September 30 received. It is not deemed necessary to give you any further detailed instruction in reference to your command. Constant vigilance must be kept up and the labor of disciplining and instructing your troops persevered in incessantly. It is expected that the active operations going on here will soon relieve you and open your communication, though there may be unexpected delay.

