
Secure all the supplies you can and strengthen your position. Look well to the bridge. It might be well for you to prepare a pontoon bridge to guard against accident to the other. Communicate as frequently as possible.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. TWELFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Tuesday, October 7, 1862-10 p.m.

Thomas C. Bell says that on Saturday night, the 4th instant, about 6,000 Confederate soldiers, infantry and cavalry, but no artillery, with about 240 wagons, passed through Salvisa from Frankfort in the direction of Harrodsburg. That on Sunday morning Kirby Smith's forces commenced crossing the Kentucky River at McCowan's Ferry, at the month of Clear Creek; they crossed all day Sunday and Monday and camped above Salvisa as they crossed. They had a train of about 500 wagons. He thinks the forces of Kirby Smith about 20,000 strong, of infantry, cavalry, and artillery.

The following are the names of some of Kirby Smith's officers: Generals Stevenson, Heth, Humphrey Marshall, Leadbetter, and Clayton.

Bragg and his body guard passed through Salvisa Sunday morning at 10 o'clock. Buckner and his guard and staff on same day two hours later.

It was said by some citizens that General Preston passed the same time. About 800 or 1,000 cavalry, started on Sunday evening from Salvisa to Lawrenceburg; thinks they were pickets, to guard the approach of troops from Shelbyville. He thinks that the object of these troops of Kirby Smith is to form a junction with Bragg's army at Harrodsburg, Danville, Muldraugh's Hill, or Camp Dick Robinson; he thinks the latter.

The reason why he thinks the Confederate will make a stand at Camp Dick Robinson is that the major portion of General Bragg's forces passed up to Danville from Bardstown Friday last, consisting of a train of 600 wagons and upward of 30,000 troops-infantry, cavalry, and artillery in due proportion. He got his information from Mat Nash, of Anderson County, who came across the road leading from Danville to Bardstown, and the citizens told him that the above forces passed that way. Another reason is that Camp Dick Robinson is a well-fortified position by nature, for there the Kentucky River, running in a northerly direction, and the Dick's River, running in an easterly direction, form a junction. The place is well watered for both infantry and cavalry. Stupendous cliffs stretch along the banks of either stream, and within the angle formed by the two streams is a rich grain-growing and stock-raising country, comprising the counties of Garrard, Lincoln, and part of the counties of Boyle and Madison; besides, this is situated on the direct to the Cumberland Gap leading from Lexington, Frankfort, and Lebanon. This Mr. Bell is a brother of a Captain Bell in the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, now under my command, and is reliable. It is quite likely you have all the information that he gives. If so, his statement will do no harm; if not, it may be found of value.

Your obedient servant,

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

