
and such protection has not been claimed, refused, or neglected, as far as my information or knowledge extends.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

General Morgan has reached the Ohio, and is on the way to Western Virginia. If Bragg has fallen back on Danville he scarcely intends holding north of Kentucky River. Our forces are advancing from here. What force have you in and about Louisville? I want approximate statement, giving number of regiments of infantry and of cavalry and batteries of artillery.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 7, 1862.

General Q. A. GILLMORE, Point Pleasant, Va.:

Upon the arrival of General Cox or General Milroy at Point Pleasant you will be relieved from your temporary command, and will return to this place and report in person. A special order to that effect will be issued this morning. Finish copy of this dispatch to General Cox or General Milroy.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 7, 1862.- For Wright to Cox, in reference to operations in West Virginia, see Series I, Vol. XIX.]
HEADQUARTERS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 7, 1862.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: As soon as your preparations are completed you will move forward the troops under your command and take positions at Falmouth and such points near the road from Falmouth to Williamstown as may be found most suitable for encampments, Williamstown being occupied by a sufficient force to watch and hold the roads centering to that place.

The first division, including the command now near Walton, will take the Lexington pike; the second, the Falmounth road, passing through Independence.

At least two regiments should be left in charge of the lines in advance of Newport and Covington. These regiments will be designated by you, those lately arrived and not yet fully equipped being selected

