
for this service. The companies detailed as garrisons for the permanent batteries and for provost-guard duty will also be left. Unless the Kentucky Central Railroad Company will undertake the repairs of the road as far as Falmounth these repairs must be executed by the military authorities, and a regiment may be selected and assigned this service. Instructions have already, been given for the necessity repairs of the telegraph line to Falmounth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 51. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 7, 1862,

I. Major General G. Granger is assigned to the command of all the forces now operating in Kentucky on the line of the Licking River, extending from the Ohio River southward in the direction of Lexington, to be known as the Army of Kentucky.

As new regiments, detachments, batteries, &amp;c., arrive from the several States of this department they will be incorporated into and organized with the forces of this command already assembled.

II. All reports, returns, requisitions, &c., from the Army of Kentucky will be made directly to and through General Granger's headquarters, at present at Covington, Ky.

* * * * * * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Rolling Fork, Ky., October 8, 1862-3 a.m.

General BUELL:

Your letter of instruction came to band at the time indicated for the Second Corps to march. Have given the necessary orders to General Crittenden and will take position before Perryville as soon as possible. The roads over which we marched yesterday were exceedingly rough and tortuous, and with one exception without water. Reached this place at 11 o'clock last night, but all the trains are not up yet. I found as night approached that the troops must have water, which could not be obtained short of Rolling Fork, some 2 miles out of our way, to which place the command was ordered and we are now camping.

As soon as I decided to make Rolling Fork I dispatched messenger to your headquarters, who must have reached you before this.

Respectfully, &c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

OCTOBER 8, [1862]-4 a.m.

General McCOOK:

GENERAL: Orders were sent you last night by Captain Williams to march this morning on Perryville by the Willisburg Mackville road,

