
under the guidance of Captain Williams. Nothing has been heard of you, and couriers sent from here to the road above mentioned have failed to find you.

The enemy is in force at Perryville, and you must form a junction with the troops here by the shortest route and in the shortest possible time. As it is not known where you are the route cannot be prescribed. You must get within supporting distance to -day.

Gilbert's corps is on the direct Springfield and Perryville road, 3 miles from Peryville. Crittenden's corps is on Lebanon road, about 8 or 10 miles from Perryville.

Report promptly and move instantly to form junction.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &amp;c.

OCTOBER 8, 1862-6.30 p.m.

General THOMAS, Second in Command:

The First Corps (McCook's), on our left, has been very heavily engaged. The left and center of this corps gained ground, but the right of it yielded a little. Press your lines forward a far as possible to-night and get into position to make a vigorous attack in the morning at daylight. If you have got your troops into a position which you deem advantageous it will not be advisable to make a change for the purpose of complying with the general's instructions for you sent by Captain Mack. It may be as well to halt the division ordered to the center and let it wait where it is for further orders.

The general desires to see you in person as soon to-night as your duties will permit you to come over.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 8, 1862-10.10 a.m.

General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

How many troops are at Nashville and how many at Louisville?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 8, 1862-10.50 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

By what forces is Cincinnati now threatened? Where is Kirby Smith's army?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 8, 1862-2.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Grant telegraphs, through General Tuttle, that he wants at least twenty regiments as soon as they can possibly be got. On getting

