
his first call, for re-enforcements I authorized seven Illinois regiments to be sent him, knowing the importance of sustaining him. To send him thirteen regiments would seriously embarrass my plans; yet they may be of more importance to him than to me. Would you advise me to send them? I have also ordered to Memphis, on the urgent call of General Sherman, the seven companies of the Thirteenth Infantry, sent here from Alton. This takes away my only reliable force.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding,

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 8, 1862-7.35 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I do not number of troops at Nashville; I think from 5,000 to 8,000. I have 3,800 men here. I send one cavalry regiment to General Buell, leaving about 2,600 men, besides convalescents. There are two regiments at Shepherdsville and one at the month of Salt River, 20 miles off.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 8, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have been waited on this morning by a committed of loyal Kentuckians now here, refugees, to request that Your Excellency will order the division under command of General G. W. Morgan to Kentucky. They think this division has done so much and suffered so much in their late march from Cumberland Gap to Greenupsburg that they are entitled to this favor at the hands of your Excellency; and it is believed to be the wish of every loyal Kentuckian that this should be done.

THOMAS H. CLAY.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 8, 1862.

THOMAS H. CLAY, Cincinnati, Ohio:

You cannot have reflected seriously when you ask that I shall order General Morgan's command to Kentucky as a favor because they have marched from Cumberland Gap. The precedent established by it would evidently break up the whole army. Buell's old troops now in pursuit of Bragg have more hard marching recently; and, in fact, if you include marching and fighting, there are scarcely any old troops east or west of the mountains that have not done as hard service. I sincerely wish war was an easier and pleasanter business than it is, but it does not admit of holidays. On Morgan's command, where it is now sent, as I understand, depends the question whether the enemy will get to the Ohio River in another place.

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. ADVANCE UNITED STATES FORCES,Camp A. J. Smith, October 8, 1862.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I sent out 300 men under Captain Lesslie, of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, night before last, with instructions to move cautiously

