
LOUISVILLE, October 9-11.30 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The messenger says there are not exceeding 6,000 men at Nashville. He reports Governor Johnson as urgent for more troops and another commander.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

OCTOBER 9, 1862-10 a.m.

General THOMAS or General CRITTENDEN:

The general commanding in the center reports that the enemy appears to be moving toward our left, and a prisoner confirms this idea, and says he thinks they are moving to Dicksville. This, if true, may be to pursue the advantage they gained yesterday over our left. You will move forward steadily, and when the action commences you must attack vigorously and get possession of Perryville, so as to be able to pursue your advantage by moving over the roads from that place to Dicksville, Cave Spring, or Harrodsburg. If the enemy attack our left re-enforcements will be sent from the center, thus rendering the success of your attack the more necessary. Pursue with vigor any advantage you gain. Report more frequently.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief and Staff.

OCTOBER 9, 1862.

General BUELL:

I have just conversed with a citizen of Parksville. He says there is no enemy at Danville and on the Lebanon and Danville pike. He thinks they have turned toward Harrodsburg. Have sent McCook to Parksville with his cavalry to observe and report. Crittenden's corps is advancing upon Walker's Spring; has met with no resistance for an hour.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

CAMP BEFORE PERRYVILLE,

October 9, 1862-11.20.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

I have already sent forward the cavalry to Parksville, and Colonel McCook reports that he saw a force, supposed to be a regiment of cavalry and infantry, passing toward our left some distance (miles) ahead of our advance. This seems to confirm the report from the center. Some of my troops have been near Perryville for some time.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

PERRYVILLE, October 9, 1862-2 p.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

A citizens living 3 miles from Harrodsburg has just come in, and reports that the enemy's infantry were passing by his house, moving at 3 o'clock; that there is a small party of cavalry still on the road; that

