
they are very much scattered and jaded, and a great many stragglers on the road and in the woods. Other citizens have reported the same state of things on the Danville pike. No infantry on the latter road. General Bragg's body guard were met this morning on the Harrodsburg pike. I have sent a party of cavalry to pursue them on the Harrodsburg pike and also on the Danville pike. They have been moving for several days all their stores to Bryantsville or Camp Dick Robinson, on the north side of Dick's River, and have improved the road by King's Mill to enable them to facilitate their movements. They have a large number of sick; reports say have been sent to Crab Orchard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

OCTOBER 9, 1862-9 a.m.

Colonel FRY:

My right (Mitchel) moved at the appointed time; Wood moving also. Sheridan had his right advanced up to Mitchell, but his left is waiting; retired for McCook to close to the right and be ready to advance.

C. C. GILBERT,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 9, 1862-11 a.m.

General McCOOK:

Gay is ordered to make a cavalry reconnaissance on your left and toward Dicksville, but with orders not to encourage an engagement. Mitchell reports that a prisoner states that the enemy is moving this morning toward Dicksville, and he (Mitchell) thinks he has discovered other things leading to this idea. If true, it may indicate a renewal of the attack on you and an intention to turn your left. You must be prepared. Gilbert is ordered to have the ground on your left and rear examined, with a view to re-enforcing you if necessary. Be cautions in attempting to move out, as suggested in your note just received, but of course get the artillery if practicable and take any advantage you can.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief and Staff.

CAMP, October 9, 1862-2.20 p.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief and Staff:

I have heard nothing of General Gay. I am waiting his information. Lieutenant Buford, Crittenden's aide, reports the enemy passing through Parksville. General Sheridan reports them moving on the Danville road. I have two days' rations issued and am awaiting Gay's information.

Can I send back to Louisville for artillery ammunition; if so, by what route shall it come?

I will remain here until further orders or information. My troops are in good spirits and ready for work. Being in expectation to march, I have requested General Schoepf to bury the dead.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

