
PORTLAND (CALLED OAK HILL),

October 9, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

My entire command and stores have reached this place. To-morrow the advance will move toward Point Pleasant. Four regiments of Tennessee troops have never been paid, and serious difficulties will ensue if it is not soon done. To render my command effective I should be allowed a little time to reorganize and fit. Excessive toil endured for a long time unavoidably demoralizes to a certain extent. If possible, please send us a paymaster and grant me a few days for organization. I will proceed directly to Point Pleasant.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 10, 1862-2 p.m.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The general desires to know whether you are on Salt River or whether you may not have stopped on Dry Fork; the information from orderly would indicate the latter.

Which way was the orderly with the letter from Wheeler to Hardee going and where did he expect to find Hardee? What further information have you and what do you think of the enemy's movements?

Send the First Ohio Cavalry across to the Harrodsburg and Danville pike to ascertain what is going on. Caution them that Wheeler's cavalry brigade is about Danville, and they must be cautious. Report quickly anything you find out.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief and Staff.

P. S.-If you are not on Salt River report before you move.

P. S.-Send four orderlies to these headquarters to carry orders to you.
HEADQUARTERS,Salt River, October 10, [1862]-3 p.m.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your note of 2 p.m. just received. I am on Salt River, at John Harlan's farm, 1 1/2 miles from the crossing of the Danville and Perryville pike.

General Smith is camped in a very strong position on the Danville and Perryville pike; General Van Cleve is camped at Fry's or Mars Reed's Springs, and General Wood's camp extends from Van Cleve's left to Salt River.

Wheeler's messenger was captured near the Danville and Perryville pike, on his way to Hardee's headquarters, in Harrodsburg. The address was on the envelope, and the man said he was going there. Smith says he has driven Wheeler's cavalry before him on the Danville pike, killing and capturing some.

I have already sent Colonel McCook on the Danville and Harrods-

