
burg pike to try and cut off Wheeler's cavalry should it attempt to reach Harrodsburg.

There is a force on the Perryville and Harrodsburg pike. It has not made any serious demonstrations on my cavalry. I have some infantry also on that road at the point where the road turns off.

The citizens all say that the enemy will retire to Camp Dick Robinson if they can.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, &amp;c.

FRANKFORT, KY., October 10, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

General Sill went from here to Lawrenceburg and had a skirmish there with the enemy's picket's, and then, as near as I can learn, bore southwesterly, perhaps toward Taylorsville, Bloomfield, of Springfield, the enemy's pickets hanging upon his rear and harassing him. On yesterday the cannonading was distinctly heard, and I presume there is no doubt of the fact, thought I have no certain intelligence as to the particulars, and cannot inform you where he was last evening. I have not seen him since he left Shelbyville, and he left no word for me at Frankfort when he left, nor has he sent me any messenger.

When I drove the enemy from Frankfort he retreated out the Versailles road, where his main force was camped, a few miles from town. I was compelled to take my main force across the river to fight him and to give pursuit, and after the pursuit was found to be unavailing to station my artillery on that road.

The best position for artillery is found upon the north side of the river. I have now two brigades on the south side. I will do as you direct, but state the fact and my opinion as to position for your information, and ask your instruction in the premises.

I have my troops all out of town.

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In camp near Perryville, October 10, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to submit the following report of the present condition of the Tenth (formerly General Jackson's) Division:

The division is at present under the command of Colonel A. S. Hall, One hundred and fifth Ohio Volunteers, whom I ordered to take command on the afternoon of the 8th instant, he being the senior officer present after the death of General Jackson and the mortal would of General Terrill. Colonel Allen, Eightieth Illinois Volunteers, commands the Thirty-third Brigade; and Colonel Reid, One hundred and twenty-first Ohio Volunteers, is in command of the Thirty-fourth Brigade.

Colonel Hall has made every effort to rally and organize the division since the evening of the 8th instant, and reports to-day an aggregate of 3,456 officers and men present for duty.

One regiment of the Thirty-third Brigade (the One hundred and first Indiana) is detached as wagon guard, and will probably join the command

