
to-day, which will make the aggregate present for duty about 4,200. The infantry men detailed for duty in Captain Parsons' battery have been returned to their regiments and supplied with arms and ammunition. Captain Harris' battery is supplied with horses and ammunition and is in good condition for service.

The regiments are all supplied with ammunition, and every effort is being made to have the command in condition for active service whenever it may be called upon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Willisburg, October 10, 1862 - 9 p. m.

Major-General BUELL:

The rain to-day has prevented our making the march intended. We will be at Perryville without fail to-morrow, I think.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 10, 1862 - 2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Men from Tennessee report Breckinridge moving northward. Some believe his purpose is to attack Nashville; others believe he is coming up to re-enforce Bragg. I have no doubt he is in Tennessee. Terrible battle yesterday near Perryville. Buell drove Bragg 8 miles, with great slaughter on both sides. Generals Jackson, Terrill, Lytle, and Webster killed. No further particulars. I have detained Governor Johnson's messenger until I hear from you.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 10, 1862.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Army of Kentucky, Covington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of dispatch just received from Major-General Buell, from which it will be seen that the rebel forces after the action on Wednesday, the 8th, retired toward Harrodsburg form Perryville. Their line of retreat is in the direction of Frankfort, where General Dumont now is with a division of the Army of the Ohio, and General Buell looks to your army for such assistance as can be rendered.

The army under your command should therefore be pushed forward as rapidly as possible to co-operate with the forces of General Buell. Whether a junction should be formed with him will depend upon circumstances and must be determined hereafter.

The character of your army, composed entirely of new troops, will admonish you to move with the greatest circumspection and to avoid a general engagement with anything like equal number of the disciplined

