HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 10, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN, Point Pleasant, Va.:

All possible time will be given your troops for rest and reorganization. So soon as a paymaster has funds he will be sent to make the back payment to your troops. I have no artillerists to send you except recruits for two batteries, who are now doing duty with our forces in front. They will be sent you as soon as possible. You must continue to man your batteries with infantry soldiers until authority can be obtained from the War Department to enlist artillerists for them. I have no 10-pounder Parrots or James guns, but the exchange you propose can be made if I can get the guns you require. We shall be glad to get your 20-pounder Parrots in this part of the department.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WESTBOROUGH, October 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have just received form Judge Trigg, at Cincinnati, a letter of the 7th instant, saying that the East Tennessee regiments in General Morgan's command that have lately been brought away form Cumberland Gap are greatly troubled at an order to move into Western Virginia, and adding:

They should not go into Virginia, and I hope you will without delay see the President and stop it. Our volunteers hazarded their all to join the Federal Army that they might return and redeem their own country from the rebel oppression, and they should be permitted, &amp;c.

Now, without pretending to criticise an order of whose character and existence even I know so little, I beg to call your attention to that devoted band of soldiers. You doubtless know something of their history and of their services and under what circumstances they joined the army and for what object. And while many, yea, most, of the troops in the service would care little in what particular field they served, it seems cruel, unnecessarily so, to order men away form their own homes when their homes are overrun by the rebels and their families made to suffer as have the families of the Tennessee soldiers in our army. I have written to them urging them by all that is good not to resist any order, however grievous, and promising them to interpose as far as I could in their behalf. One of them wrote me a few weeks ago that they had not been paid in six months, and the newspaper accounts describe them as bareheaded, barefooted, and naked.

I cannot in terms too earnest commend them to your special regard. Remember they can have no State authorities and home friends to look after their welfare.

I am, very respectfully,

HORACE MAYNARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Harlan House, October 11, 1862 - 9.30 a. m.

General BUELL:

Colonel Milliken is now skirmishing with about 1,200 of the enemy's cavalry about 2 or 3 miles this side of Harrodsburg, on the left of the

