
Perryville pike. He reports they have two pieces of artillery. I have directed him to attract their attention to enable the reconnoitering party to flank them on the Harrodsburg and Danville pike, by which move I may succeed in capturing some, if not all.

Has General Gilbert's party marched yet?

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[OCTOBER 11, 1862.]

General [THOMAS]:

My men have had no rest or food since yesterday morning. They came in last night at 9 and went out this morning at 12, and have been in the advance skirmishing (on foot) all the way from Danville.

Can we not have a few hours' relief after coming back from this reconnaissance? They are unfit to fight. Colonel McCook's brigade is in advance of me, having relieved my line this morning.

Very respectfully,

MINOR MILLIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, October 11, 1862 - 10 a. m.

----

-----

,Commanding Officer of Reconnoitering Party from Gilbert's (3d) Corps:

SIR: General Buell does not wish the infantry of the party pushed forward in the reconnaissance so as to become seriously engaged. Let the reconnaissance be made mainly by the cavalry. There are reports to the effect that the enemy is advancing. If such should be the case the brigade must not become involved beyond support.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Inform the commanding officer of the cavalry of this.

J. B. F.

[Indorsement.]

Their right rests near Harrodsburg, on Salvisa road; their center about Cave Spring; their left near Danville. Between Lancaster and Danville they have formed line of battle and appear to be waiting battle. I have not engaged yet and will be careful not to bring on a general engagement. They have warned the families to move. I got this information from people who have been obliged to move. I think the idea as to the line of battle expressed above is correct. This line extends 7 or 8 miles.

Respectfully,

E. GAY,

Captain and Inspector of Cavalry.

ONE-HALF MILE FROM HARRODSBURG,

[October 11, 1862] - 2.30 p. m.

The rebels burned all the bridges across Salt River two hours ago, and are now in full retreat toward Bryanstsville.

