
OCTOBER 12, 1862 - 7 p. m.

General THOMAS or General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: General Buell directs that the Second Corps march for Danville at 6 a. m. to-morrow, or sooner if you hear of movements on the part of the enemy which would render it advisable. It is reported that a large force of the enemy was in Danville, forming line of battle near there to-day. Though this is not credited, it would be well to have the matter investigated to-night.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - The First Corps will go to Fry's Springs, near General Smith's camp of last night, and the Third corps to Cave Spring, where you are now.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, October 12, 1862.

[General THOMAS:]

The general desires you to inform him of what information you have gotten to-day and of the movements and position of your troops, and whether you have sent across to the different roads - Dick Robinson, &c.

Respectfully,J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 12, 1862 - 1 p. m.

General THOMAS or CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: General Buell desires the Second Corps to be halted and camped near the Cave Spring, on the Danville and Harrodsburg pike, as the only water within reach is at that point. Our camp is in Harrodsburg and near Mr. Bowman's house. Send orderlies this afternoon and report the position of the corps. The general does not direct me to say so, but I am sure he would like to see General Thomas this evening.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, October 12, 1862.

Brigadier General T. H. WOOD,Commanding Sixth Division:

SIR: I am directed to inform you that six rebel soldiers presented themselves at these headquarters this evening, representing that they had been paroled at your headquarters, and had been told that they must get something to eat where they could find it. It is presumed that this ia a mistake. If it is not, the commanding general trusts that you will in future provide for the wants of prisoners so far as within your power.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

