
SPRING, DANVILLE AND HARRODSBURG PIKE,

October 12, 1862 - 10 a. m.

General BUELL:

I have reached the Danville pike with the Second Corps. The cavalry is advanced to the front, probably on Dick's River by this time. I have heard no firing, and consequently think there is no enemy this side of Dick's River.

I have conversed with a very intelligent negro at this place, who says that a great many rebels, both infantry and cavalry, crossed at the mouth of Dick's River, over both Dick's and Kentucky Rivers; that all who conversed with him told that they were bound for Camp Dick Robinson. He confirms the story of the large quantity of supplies at Camp Dick Robinson, and things form what he can learn that they are leaving that place also; that a Mrs. Mock, living at Fisher's Ford, on Dick's River, told him yesterday that she saw a large number of wagons piled up to be burned at Camp Dick Robinson day before yesterday. He believes the story, as Mrs. Mock is a secession woman.

The negro thinks, like everybody else, that they are "scared and scattered like pigeons through the country," in other words, demoralized.

Shall I march the Second Corps to Danville?

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

General 	THOMAS:

Mr. Caldwell informs me the rebels have formed a line of battle 3 miles from Faulkner's farm, at the Harrodsburg Junction with the Harrodsburg and Danville dirt road, which we have taken. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyle says he has heard cannonading ever since daylight. Mr. Caldwell says that no force can form a line of battle in this direction (in the direction of Dick's River). The best approach is by way of Danville or Danville and Lancaster road.

The information from a nigger who came through these lines states that they were drawn up in a line of battle, with the artillery all planted. The line of battle is 12 miles long. I send this information as received.

Yours, truly,

JNumbers KENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

This note was received just as I had finished my note to you. I send it for your information.

G. H. T.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 12, 1862 - 4.10 p. m.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

We are very anxious to hear from General Buell's army. We have heard nothing since day before yesterday. Have you anything?

A. LINCOLN.

