
hospital, will be immediately reported by the surgeon of the hospital or by the affidavit of friends to the "Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Ohio, Nashville," setting forth the date of decease and other material circumstances.

4th. All absent officers and soldiers who do not join their companies and regiments or are not satisfactorily accounted for as above by the 10th of July next will be reported on their muster roll as deserters, dating from the time they may have been absent without authority.

By act of Congress every deserter forfeits all claim on the Government for pay and allowances, besides being liable to arrest and trial by court-martial. Any person who apprehends and returns a deserter to the commanding officer of a military post is entitled to a reward of $5.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 85. Camp near Florence, June 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. The First Division (Thomas') will take post as follows: One regiment at Iuka, sending a company to Eastport; three companies at Bear Creek Bridge; one company at Buzzard Roost Bridge; two companies at Cane Creek Bridge; one company at bridges 3 miles west of Tuscumbia; two companies at Jonesborough; one company at Courtland; one company at trestle east of Courtland; two companies at Decatur; one company at the ferry from Tuscumbia to Florence.

The remainder of the division at Tuscumbia, except the cavalry, which will be distributed as follows: Two battalions at Tuscumbia, from which at Bear Creek, Buzzard Roost, and Cane Creek, for patrol and other purposes. One battalion at Courtland, from which a platoon will be assigned to Decatur, and one to Town Creek and a few men at the trestle east of Courtland for patrol and other purposes.

General Thomas will at once sent forward cavalry to relieve all guards of Wood's division now on the railroad as far as Tuscumbia, and to hold these points until the infantry guards herein ordered are established. The guards of General Wood's division when relieved as above will at once join their regiment.

By command of Major-General Buell:

A. F. ROCKWELL,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Gap, June 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On yesterday a.m. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe with a flag of truce, bearing a letter to Kirby Smith. Colonel Monroe has not yet returned, which tends to show that the enemy has fallen back upon Morristown, if he has gone no farther. My letter was to learn the fate of Captain Frye, whom they hold as a spy.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

