
trust I may receive an equal number of regiments form Ohio and Indiana.

The First Battalion Kentucky Cavalry is a mere skeleton, and should be reorganized. With your permission I can get a regiment of cavalry form Governor Tod.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 12, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I can get no information from you in regard to the enemy, and I cannot decide what to do without it. You must report fully and freely, remembering that I have other place than Louisville to look after and re-enforce. I just learn form our front that Dumont has evacuated Frankfort, moving toward Lawrenceburg, the enemy occupying Frankfort and Versailles. Give me any and all the information you get and I shall do for you all that may be necessary to the extent of my means.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 12, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Kirby Smith crossed Kentucky River from Versailles and was at Lawrenceburg Thurdsay morning; attacked rear of General Sill's division and captured some of our men and wagons. I do not know where Smith is now. Rebels here state he was near Shelbyville yesterday. Lawrenceburg is 52 miles form this place and Shelbyville 30. He may have joined Bragg's forces. Sill has joined General McCook. Bragg and Cheatham reported killed. The remains of General Terrill and Colonel Webster were sent to Cincinnati yesterday.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 12, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

Kirby Smith evidently joined Bragg's army. Battle reported yesterday near Harrodsburg; report says Buell drove back enemy and he fell back to Camp Dick Robinson. Reported that Wolford's cavalry captured 1,000 rebels and 150 wagons near Danville. The above all needs confirmation. Dumont is at Frankfort; he sent force to Lawrenceburg and also to Versailles. Colonel Miller took 150 prisoners at Versailles. Colonel Miller says Marshall left Lexington on Sunday last for Camp Dick Robinson with his whole force, 2,000 infantry and 450 cavalry. Miller believes Marshall and the forces he drove from Versailles at Nicholasville. General R. S. Granger is making his reconnaissance form Lawreenceburg toward Harrodsburg. I have not thought there was immediate danger here, but believe a larger force

