HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Harrodsburg, Ky., October 13, 1862 - 11 p. m.

(Received October 14, 7.50 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Our loss in the battle of the 8th will sum up about 2,000 killed and wounded and some 400 prisoners, most of them taken in search of water, for the want of which our men suffered exceedingly. I have purposely abstained from reporting the embarrassment and suffering under which we labored from thirst and dust and the almost total want of water for nearly thirty-six hours previous to and during the battle. The country up to the position which the enemy held was destitute of water for such a force. The position which the enemy holds is exceedingly strong, in fact impregnable in front. Dick's River, from its mouth to Danville, runs between perpendicular cliffs, passable at only a few points, easily defended by a small force. I am moving to turn the position by their left.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 13, 1862 - 11 p. m.

General McCOOK:

March punctually at 6 in the morning via Danville and Stanford; take three days' rations in haversacks, and let the ambulances and one ammunition wagon to a regiment accompany the troops. All other wagons to follow after the entire army. Crittenden's corps is in advance of you; the trains must move in the same order. Gilbert's corps moves over the Lancaster road. The enemy is retiring by Crab Orchard. Detail one of your raw brigades and four pieces of artillery to guard the entire train.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - We wish to reach Crab Orchard to-morrow night. Let two of the regiments detailed for the train and two pieces of artillery come to Danville and take position with Gay's cavalry to guard until the entire train passes and then to follow on after it.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel.

OCTOBER 13, [1862] - 12 p. m.

Captain DARR, Bardstown:

Direct all the wagons coming south and which are now between Louisville and Springfield inclusive to go to Lebanon, and be ready there to move forward at a moment's notice when ordered. Order the Seventeenth Indiana to march to-morrow via Lebanon to join its brigade. Give such directions in Bardstown as seem necessary, and then come in person to Perryville and overhaul all trains there and get them in such shape that you can send them forward promptly with supplies now in them . As soon as Perryville is cleared out join headquarters.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &amp;c.

