
NASHVILLE, October 13, 1862.

Colonel FRY: Inclosed find report* of affair at La Vergne. Did you get my report of success at Goodlettsville? Anderson is superseded; Forrest in command, and is concentrating a considerable force at Murfreesborough. Breckinridge believed to be there; he has certainly been ordered from Seneca. The movements of the enemy plainly indicate an intended assault on this place. They appeared in considerable force on the Lebanon road 4 miles from the city to-day; had a slight skirmish with them, killing several.

Our defenses are in best possible condition. Continue to improve them. Look well to the bridge. Commissary supplies failing. Command in good health and spirits. Have cheering news from Kentucky.

NEGLEY.

LOUISVILLE, October 13, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

Shall I parole and send Colonel Crawford and rest of Georgia cavalry to Vicksburg? Adjutant-General Thomas so orders. President Lincoln telegraphs me for news from General Buell's army. Will you send me such facts as you deem proper?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,October 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville:

Parole all prisoners and send them to Vicksburg. Dispose of those sent back from this direction in same way. Arm the 800 men of Paine's division and push them along toward Nashville. they can protect working parties on railroad. Order regimental quartermaster who are loafing about Louisville to join their regiments in the field. They should be with trains, purchasing forage, &amp;c.

By command:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 13, 1862 - 10.40 a. m.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Before sending troops to other points it is important to know the result of the battle between Buell and Bragg. Can you give anything reliable?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., October 13, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

No battle since Wednesday at Perryville; heavy skirmishing every day since. Rebels retreated to Camp Dick Robinson, between Kentucky

---------------

* See October 7, 1862. Report of skirmish near La Vergne, Tenn.

---------------

