HDQRS. U. S. ADVANCE FORCES, ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Camp Wells, October 13, 1862.

GENERAL: Major Foley ha just returned after having reconnoitered the country within 12 miles of Govergetown and beyond Covington. He found no rebel forces nor heard of them this side of Frankfort, where Scott's cavalry now are. Marshall is at Versailles; no enemy at Georgetown and but few at Lexington. The major heard of 500 Federal cavalry which were at Warsaw, with orders to go to Owenton to-day. This will protect my right. I should like to have you telegraph to General Granger or General Wright to put the cavalry under my command. I can use them to great advantage by ordering them forward on the road from Owenton to the stamping grounds at Georgetown as I move up the pike, which will enable me to watch any movement of theirs from Frankfort on my right. I have six days' rations on hand, and will have 50 wagons up to-morrow or next day loaded with rations; also 10 or 12 with ammunition for the artillery, and 40 additional rounds to make up 140 rounds to the man, as recently ordered, Have sent to ordnance officer at Covington, Ky., a correct list of the kind of arms we have - caliber and condition - and will send you a report in pursuance of Orders, No. 2, from your headquarters. I have not enough artillery or cavalry; would like to have one more battery and two mounted howitzers are indispensable. With two small light guns we could do good service. I have arrangements made to get information from Georgetown every day in the direction of Frankfort and will advise you. There is nothing in the way of my moving to Jones' and Georgetown at once, or whenever you see proper to order me. My command is improving rapidly, and I now have hopes of making soldiers of them. I need some Government funds. Have been paying the expenses of spies out of my private funds on account of not having any other. The division train for transporting provisions and ammunition I need greatly and must have it. Can I retain those sent out? Shall I issue rations to negro men in my camp and furnish transportation for the women and children? What kind of wouchers shall I give to Union men is the Federal service who have slaves now in ouch camp? Must they have their services and value altogether? This is a delicate matter with me. Please advise me.

I am prepared and anxious to go to Georgetown. Mr. Sayers is here and informs me there is plenty of water and forage there, and only 14 miles from here, 6 miles form there to Big Eagle, 12 miles to Osborn's Pond, and 3 miles to Georgetown; plenty of water and forage at each place. A gentleman from Georgetown reports no force there and but little at Lexington or Frankfort. All have gone toward Harrodsburg. Marshall is at Versailles with some 4,000. Water is failing rapidly here; will not last over tow or three days.

I have Colonel [P. T.] Swaine in command of the Second Brigade, consisting of the One hundredth, One hundred and third, One hundred and fourth Ohio, and Twenty-second Wisconsin; Colonel Doolittle, of the Third Brigade, consisting of the Eighteenth, Twenty-second Michigan, and Seventeenth Ohio Battery.

I would be much pleased if you could attach two more regiments to that brigade.

