HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,October [15], 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Corps d'Armee:

GENERAL: The enemy have undoubtedly left Lancester. They were passing through all last night; commenced to move yesterday evening, and their rear was still moving this evening. They are going in the direction of Crab Orchard. Both bridges over Hanging Fork were burned by them this afternoon. One regiment of my brigade (Colonel Wolford's) had a skirmish with them to-day on the Lancaster road, repulsing their cavalry and killing and wounding about 30. The Second Indiana also had a skirmish with them on the Dick Robinson road and drove them back.

The information concerning their passing through Lancaster all last night is confirmed by the statements of 20 or 30 citizens who came to our lines on the road and I think cannot be doubtful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

CRAWFORD STATION, October 15, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

Inclosed please find General Van Cleve's report.* The general desires a fresh division sent forward in time to reach Mount Vernon by daylight, as General Van Cleve's division is completely worn-out and will have to draw rations before marching.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If one of McCook's divisions cannot be sent forward the general will send forward Smith's.

OCTOBER 15, 1862 - 10 p. m.

General THOMAS, Second in Command:

GENERAL: Let the Second Corps push ahead after the enemy at the earliest hour practicable in the morning. The other corps can make no progress, as the road is so crowded, and they will not therefore march to-morrow unless it becomes necessary. If it is possible to collect forage at Mount Vernon have it done. Brigade will move direct to Mount Vernon. The supply trains are being hurried forward.

Division commanders should send to Captain Chandler, chief quartermaster, and get supplies if needed.

Issues must be made so as to give the men three days in haversacks. Captain Williams, McCook's commissary, is prepared to turn over some rations to Wood's division.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

