HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Via Louisville, October 16, 1862 - 8 p. m.

(Received October 17, 12.40 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The retreat of the enemy from Camp Dick Robinson was pretty well ascertained on the evening of the 13th. As I then informed you I was then moving to turn the left of his position. My forces were at Danville, or within 5 miles of that point. The pursuit was taken up at 12 o'clock that night and has been kept up industriously since. The enemy overs his retreat with cavalry and artillery, with which my advance has had daily more or less fighting. He is now beyond Rockcastle River, probably at London, and my advance is to-night within a few miles of Rockcastle River.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., October 16, 1862.

Colonel FRY, Chief of Staff:

Excesses were committed upon the first arrival of the troops; they have been greatly magnified. All the troops were new and wholly undisciplined, and one of the brigade commanders I found encouraging his men to depredate, and stealing and shipping off horses himself. Upon the discovery I put him into the penitentiary and have him now in close confinement.

I have taken and will continue to take the most prompt means to prevent wrong. I have found a wonderful disposition on the part of some professedly Union people here to complain and magnify and to extort from the Government - to kill the goose to get the egg.

E. DUMONT,

Brigadier-General.

OCTOBER [16], 1862.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: Withers' division is reported in position at Little Rockcastle River, 2 1/2 miles from here. My advance has nearly reached that pint and a sharp skirmish is now going on. We have lost 2 men killed and 6 wounded. My other two brigades are going into position at Camp Wild Cat.

Your obedient servant,

W. S. SMITH,

Commanding Fourth Division.

P. S. - My information is from a citizen released by the rebels to-day and from a prisoner. Whether there is more than one division I do not know.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 16, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Army of the Ohio in the Field:

GENERAL: The force assembled at this point has been pushed to the front as rapidly as possible; but the delays have been numerous and

