
worried at the depredations which have been committed by a portion of our troops. I shall spare no pains to correct these abuses. They are such as occur with all undisciplined troops, without reference to the cause for which they fight or the people among whom they are. It would be the same if they were in Indiana or Ohio, and in comparing their conduct with that of the rebel army that is now retiring from the State it should be borne in mind, not as an excuse for plunder and outrage, but as an explanation of the contrast, if there be any, that one army is composed of old troops, under the command of one of the strictest of disciplinarians, while the other contains a large proportion of perfectly raw troops, hurriedly thrown into the field, whom there has neither been time nor opportunity to bring under the restraints of military discipline.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 17, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Governor Yates has been request to send first two regiments ready to Louisville and the third to Henderson. I have no news to-day. How are your progressing with Frankfort Railroad repairs? Those on Central road hang somewhat.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 18, 1862 - 3.50 a. m.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Crab Orchard, via Louisville, Ky.:

The rapid march of your army from Louisville and your victory at Perryville has given great satisfaction to the Government. The great object to be attained is to drive the enemy from Kentucky and East Tennessee. If we cannot do it now we need never to hope of it. If the country is such that you cannot follow the enemy, is there not some other practicable road that will lead to the same time result - that is, compel him to leave the country? By keeping between him and Nashville can you not cover that place and at the same time compel him to fall back into the valley of Virginia or into Georgia? If we can occupy Knoxville or Chattanooga we can keep the enemy out of Tennessee and Kentucky. To fall back on Nashville is to give up East Tennessee to be plundered. Moreover, you are now much nearer to Knoxville and as near to Chattanooga as to Nashville. If you go to the latter place and then to East Tennessee, you move over two sides of an equilateral triangle, while the enemy holds the third. Again, may he not in the mean time make another raid into Kentucky? If Nashville is really in danger, it must be re-enforced. Morgan's forces have been sent to Western Virginia, but we probably can very soon send some troops up the Cumberland. Those intended for that purpose have been drawn off by the urgent appeals of General Grant and Curtis. Cannot some of the forces at Louisville be sent to Nashville?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

