
CAMP WILD CAT,

October 18, 1862 - 11 a. m.

Major General BUELL or THOMAS:

GENERAL: I have ordered one brigade of General Smith's division to make a reconnaissance again this morning on the London road, and to ascertain if the enemy are there in force. Colonel Hazen commands this brigade. I have also ordered another brigade from the dame division, under General Cruft, to make a reconnaissance on the Winding Glade road. I have instructed these commanders that the object is not to bring on an engagement with the [enemy] if they are in position and in force; but if they are not, to drive them along and capture all we can. I ordered one of Van Cleve to send out a regiment 1 or 2 miles toward Madisonville by a road which runs from his position to the Madisonville road. His position is about 3 miles in rear of this.

Respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP WILD CAT,

October 18, 1862 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General BUELL or Major-General THOMAS:

I think there is a good chance to do something. In addition to what I have already ordered I have just ordered General Van Cleve to send a brigade to the Richmond and Madisonville road by the road which runs form this one into Madisonville road 3 miles in rear of this place, and have ordered General Wood to send a brigade to Van Cleve. Hazen had gone out toward London, but from the news I except he will find no enemy in that direction.

Five deserters, Kentucky men and new recruits, are just in, and report that Kirby Smith was sending his trains to Manchester. If this is so, and I can get a brigade in rear of John Morgan and another one in front of him, I hope to capture something or hurt somebody. Cruft's brigade goes in where the Manchester road turns off, and Van Cleve 7 miles in rear, at what I believe is called Big Hill. It is said that there was a camp there last night. I think they are running,and I will at least scare them on.

My instructions are to be prudent and risk but little, unless there is a great chance.

Respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, October 18, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

There was fighting at Lexington, but best information is that Morgan took the city, driving out the Home Guards and two companies of cavalry. I fear he will cut off our trains. General Wright knows nothing of matters except what I have sent him. I have never heard of any forces form Cincinnati.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

