
LOUISVILLE, October 18, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT:

John Morgan is at Lexington, or was this afternoon, with 1,500 men. Where is the head of column from Cincinnati? One thousand infantry could hold the place and whip Morgan. I had hoped your forces had possession.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

IN THE FIELD, October 18, 1862.

General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

I suggest to you the importance of placing a division at Lexington without delay, with two regiment of cavalry, if you have them.

D. C. BUELL.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 18, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

DEAR SIR: It is with regret that after my wish of having command of the First Division has been fulfilled I am under the necessity of resigning. the reason for going so is stated in the surgeon's certificate. I am also almost entirely deaf in consequence of neuralgia in my head.

I have sent to-day to the commander of the Third Army Corps my resignation and application for leave of absence until its acceptance, which I will await at Louisville, where I have good medical aid.

It will always be a pleasing remembrance of having once been a member of the noble Army of the West.

I beg leave to tender my sincere wishes to you that it may always sustain you in executing your plans.

Although not able to participate in future victories, no one will rejoice over them more than your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 18, 1862 - 10 p. m.

T. T. ECKERT:

Morgan with 1,500 guerrillas made raid on Lexington this morning. Met by Home Guards - 300 Federals. Engagement short and brisk. Morgan holds place. Weight's army not at Lexington yet. Bragg still running. Reached Mount Vernon a day or two since. Road to Gap obstructed by trees, &amp;c. Bragg obliged to abandon it an go via Somerset. Crittenden close after him, followed by McCook. Hundreds of rebels falling by the way form exhaustion. Federals picking up large numbers of stragglers. Gilbert at Crab Orchard at last accounts. Office opened at Buell's headquarters, 7 miles from Crab Orchard, this evening.

A. STAGER.

40 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

