HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 18, 1862.

General GORDON GRANGER, Covington, Ky.:

Telegraphic dispatch just receive from operator at Paris, who says Morgan's force, 1,000 strong, came to Lexington this morning and drove out the cavalry - one company of General Dumont's command - and that we have of the force form here only one company at Paris. Message has been sent to Cynthiana for 15,000 men to resist Morgan's advance. You should send order to occupy Paris soon as possible or Morgan will take possession and destroy bridge. Have notice of the above sent to Gillmore from Paris or Cynthiana.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. OF THE ADVANCE, ARMY OF THE KENTUCKY,Falmouth, Ky., October 18, 1862.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding First Division, at Jones', Lexington Pike, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have received your two letters, and in reply state that by order of Major-General Granger you will advance with your command to Big Eagle and Georgetown. A brigade and fifty wagons are on the way to join you.

I have ordered General G. Clay Smith, now commanding at Cynthiana, to relieve the Twenty-second Michigan and order it to join you as soon as your whereabouts is ascertained.

You had better communicate with General Smith or the colonel of the Twenty-second, as General Smith amy be absent from Cynthiana, that he may know at which point to join you. If you march direct of Georgetown would not that be the best point to join?

We were in possession of Lexington yesterday by a small Home Guard force, that will probably be increased to-day.

I have requested General Granger, if he has any force at Carrollton or Warsaw. to advance it to Owenton, to protect your right and rear.

By Tuesday night I hope to have the railroad so far completed as to enable us to run to Lexington. We will work day and night to accomplish it.

General Gilbert, you see, is assigned to your division.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 19, 1862 - 1.33 p. m.

Major-General BUEL, Mount Vernon, Ky.:

Your telegram of the 17th was received this morning, and has been laid before the President, who concurs in the views expressed in my telegram to you yesterday. The capture of East Tennessee should be the main object of your campaign. You say it is the heart of the enemy's resources; make it the heart of yours. Your army can line there if the enemy's can. You must in a great measure live upon the country, paying for your supplies where proper and levying contributions

