
where necessary. I am directed by the President to say to you that your army must enter East Tennessee this fall, and that it ought to move there while be no serious difficulty in reopening your communications with that place. He does not understand why we cannot march as the enemy marches, live as he lives, and fight as he fights, unless we admit the inferiority of our troops and of our generals. Once hold the valley of the Upper Tennessee and the operations of guerrillas in that State and Kentucky will soon cease.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OCTOBER 19, 1862 - 11 a. m.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: A regiment of cavalry is ordered to report to you. It will march from Crab Orchard in an hour or two. The general thinks it had better operate in connection with the troops now in advance and get on to the Richmond and London road by going by Wild Cat or Pitman's, if we get that far, and it can then, if necessary, move back over the Richmond road.

It is not thought best to send the regiment by the Richmond road to occupy it in picking up stragglers; that can be done on its return. The enemy must be crowded in front as much as possible.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CROSS-ROADS,

October 19, 1862 - Sunday, 9 a. m.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I laid here last night in position. Finding a considerable amount of secesh property and a number of stragglers hereabouts I commenced gathering them up. We have now 30 good beeves in camp, a number of captured small-arms, horses, and prisoners. Have quite a large number of details out gathering up prisoners and cattle, and have prospect of getting the cattle up to 150.

In regard to moving, I am [illegible] for some regiments without blankets, haversacks, or rations, and am compelled to wait for arrival of these from rear. On conference with my colonels it seems difficult to determine just which course to take. If two brigades or one is to my rear on Richmond road there is no necessity to move that way. If Hazen has cleared obstructions to his front it may be well to push on to London. There does not seem to be any force near me on that line.

The reconnaissance should be pressed toward Goose Creek Salt-Works, on the Manchester road, 25 miles from here. It seems the rebels have been actively working this establishment and have boasted that it has been worth more to them than all their other spoils in Kentucky. This reconnaissance, however, must be carefully made and should be in force, as it would throw the troops making it a long way from our base and supplies.

