
My officers and troops are in good spirits, and all willing and desirous to undertake any expedition.

If you wish to move me from here send up the traps of the regiment that are at Wild Cat, and send me, say, three days' rations of biscuit, &amp;c. I have meat enough and plenty to send you.

Some 300 or 400 cavalry were seen by Colonel Hanson's command on a scout but on Goose Creek road this morning standing in position about 2 miles east of me; I shall look for them.

Have now about 100 cattle (very fine) in camp and more coming.

Write me fully what you think best to do. If the Goose Creek reconnaissance is adopted it should be made by not less than three brigades.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - Some 2,000 to 3,000 cattle were driven past here yesterday afternoon, taking Groose Creek road. These might be captured or stampeded by pursuit.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 19, 1862 - 8.30 a. m.

[Major-General BUELL or THOMAS:]

GENERAL: I inclose you a note from General Smith, which gives all the information yet received from either of the brigades sent to the Richmond road. I am afraid Cruft came on the last of them and that Colonel Matthews will not see them. General Smith is convinced from information derived from a man who escaped from the rebels on the London road that they have fallen back to London. If so I have no hope of catching them. However, in obedience to orders, I send out a brigade this morning to press on in that direction. We cannot subsist our animals here and it looks like rain to-day. If it should rain and we don't succeed better than I dare hope in foraging we will, in my opinion, do ourselves more damage than we can do the enemy either by pursuing or remaining here. This is my opinion, but I am ready to do with alacrity whatever the general directs.

My command will be out of provisions to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

General GAY, Chief of Cavalry, Crab Orchard:

Morgan passed through Versailles at 5 p. m. yesterday on his way toward Lawrenceburg. He will probably try to cut the Lebanon Railroad; also destroy our wagon trains. He has about 2,000 men. Try and stop him.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 19, 1862 - 3 p. m.

General GAY, Chief of Cavalry, Danville:

Morgan left Lawrenceburg at daylight this morning 2,000 strong and

