
from Memphis to Madison and occupy all Arkansas north of Little Rock.

Pope's army will occupy the plateau from Ripley to Tuscumbia, covering the railroad to Decatur. This is represented as a tolerably healthy country.

General Buell's army is moving east through a healthy region via Decatur, Huntsville, and Stevenson to Chattanooga and East Tennessee. Should he be able to penetrate into Georgia as far as Atlanta he will still be in a dry and mountainous country.

After a full consideration of the matter, on consultation with medical officers, I cannot think of a better disposition of the army so as to guard its health and at the same time make it useful. Of course this plan is based on the supposition that the enemy will not attempt an active campaign during the summer months; should he do so, or should he expose himself so that we can gain some decided advantage by a movement,the present dispositions must be varied to suit the change of circumstances.

In this arrangement I have not provided for a movement on Vicksburg. It is hoped that the two flotillas united will be able to reduce that place. If not, it will probably be necessary to fit out an expedition from the army.

I have no doubt that with all possible care in adopting every sanitary precaution our troops will suffer considerably from sickness. In this climate it will be unavoidable. But under the advice of Dr. McDougall and his medical officers I think we can prevent the mortality from being greater then it was last winter in Missouri, Kentucky, and Tennessee.

If the War Department has any suggestions or instructions to give in the matter under consideration I shall be most happy to receive them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., June 25, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Florence:

Scouts and deserters say that no movement of the enemy has taken place, although one was contemplated some days ago. A large part of the command was directed to prepare cooked rations and be ready to march. This was afterward countermanded. The rumor was that a demonstration was to be made east, while the main force moved to Holly Springs and attacked Sherman. The destruction of the Tallahatchie Railroad Bridge may have frustrated this plan. I cannot replace Thomas' division quite yet. I have been obliged to send a detachment to the relief of General Curtis on White River. Gunboats are unwilling to co-operate. As soon as the railroads are opened to Memphis and Columbus I will withdraw a part of the forces employed in repairing them and relieve Thomas' division. I cannot ascertain that any re-enforcements have been sent from Okolona to Kirby Smith. Prisoners and deserters are unanimous that no troops have left except those sent to Vicksburg.

We must wait for further information before making any new movement except those already ordered. How many locomotives and cars have you this side of Decatur? I want to run a daily train with mail and supplies.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

