
My dispatch of yesterday in answer to your did not get off until to-day, owing to an interruption in the line. It was meant to convey suggestions which could not well be expressed in a dispatch and night easily be misapprehended. If you think it of consequence it might be well and I should be glad of the opportunity to present them verbally.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 22, [1862.]

General McCOOK, Commanding First Corps:

The general commanding directs that your troops do not halt at Lebanon, but move by the Summersville road, camping at Rolling Fork and beyond, wherever you find water, with marching distance, between the division. The men must not be permitted to go to Lebanon.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Send by telegraph to Captain Darr at Lebanon, who will send a courier with this to meet General McCook.

[Indorsement.]

This has been sent by telegraph. It is forwarded for General McCook's information.

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 23,* 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Lebanon, Ky.:

Your three dispatches of yesterday+ are received and will be submitted to the Secretary and President to day. It is the wish of the government that your army proceed to and occupy East Tennessee with all possible dispatch. It leaves to you the selection of the roads upon which to move to that object; but is urges that this selection be so made as to cover Nashville and at the same time prevent the enemy's return into Kentucky. To now withdraw your army to Nashville would have a most disastrous effect upon the country, already wearied with son many delays in our operations. To wait for the rising of the Cumberland for supplies will carry us into the rainy season, when the roads will be almost impassable and the campaign will terminate with no results Neither the Government nor the country can endure these repeated delays. Both require a prompt and immediate movement toward the accomplishment of the great object in view - the holding of East Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

* True date appears to have been October 22, 12.20 p. m.

+ One of these dispatches refers to prisoners of war, and will appear in Series II; the others appear as of October 22, on pp.636, 637.

---------------

