
II. Major General W. S. Rosecrans is assigned to the command of the Department of the Cumberland.

III. The troops under the command of Major-General Grant will constitute the Thirteenth Army Corps, and those assigned to the command of Major-General Rosecrans will constitute the Fourteenth Army Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WASHINGTON, October 24, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The President directs that on the presentation of this order you will turn over your command to Major General W. S. Rosecrans, and repair to Indianapolis, Ind., reporting from that place to the Adjutant-General of the Army for further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 24, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX, Gallipolis, Ohio:

General-in-chief telegraphs that if "General Morgan's forces are not needed in Western Virginia they can be sent to Tennessee." Make your dispositions so that part of your command may be readily relieved as soon as it can be spared.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 25, 1862 - 10.40 a. m.

His Excellency PRESIDENT:

We were to start to-night for Washington to confer with you in regard to Kentucky affairs. the removal of General Buell and appointment of Rosecrans came not a moment too soon. The removal of General Buell could not have been delayed an hour with safety to the army or the cause. The history of the battle of Perryville and the recent campaign in Kentucky has never been told. The action you have taken renders our visit unnecessary, although we are very desirous to confer with you in regard to the general condition of the Northwest, and hope to do so at no distant period.

RICH'D YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

OCTOBER 25, 1862.

General THOMAS, Lebanon:

Crittenden's corps will proceed to Glasgow as fast as it reached Columbia. If its baggage should not have arrived it will follow. It must

