
to which I will keep you advised. The cavalry at Lebanon and Munfordville will operate actively against guerrilla bands and unite with strong detachments of infantry against any serious invasion by large bodies of cavalry. If you have any more new troops at your disposal I would suggest the advantage of concentrating them in a camp of instruction at Bardstown, where they can be conveniently supplied and move in any direction by railroad.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 26, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington:

I respectfully recommend that the following-named officers be appointed brigadier-generals of volunteers. The public interest imperatively demands the services of more general officers with this army. The officers recommended have earned promotions by their qualifications and services. Most of them have been in command of brigades for many months, nearly a year:

Colonel James B. Fry, my chief of staff.

Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio.

Colonel Stanley Matthews, Fifty-first Ohio.

Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana.

Colonel Leonard A. Harris, Second Ohio.

Colonel T. J. Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana.

Colonel H. A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania.

Colonel John Kennett, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

The early appointment of these officers is very necessary for the efficiency of the army.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Lebanon, Ky., October 26, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff, Louisville:

Dispatch ordering movement of troops received and the necessary orders given to all except the cavalry. When shall the cavalry move and in what direction?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

OCTOBER 26, 1862.

General THOMAS, Lebanon:

Order Colonel Kennett to proceed in person to Munfordville and assume command of the cavalry at that place, and move out with it on the Millerstown road until he learns whether Morgan is still in the vicinity of Litchfield or is in any other position which would threaten a wagon train that will start to Munfordville by Elizabethtown on Tuesday. If Morgan threatens this trains it must be covered by Kennett. If he is still at Litchfield, or moving off and within reach of Kennett, he must pursue

