
and defeat or entirely drive him out. If Colonel Kennett is not available at once for this duty assign it to Colonel McCook.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Louisville, October 26, 1862.

Colonel Kennett will proceed in person to Munfordville and assume command of the cavalry at that place, and move out with it on the Millerstown road until he learns whether Morgan is still in the vicinity of Litchfield or is in any other position which would threaten a wagon train that will start to Munfordville by Elizabethtown on Tuesday. If Morgan threatens this train it must be covered by Kennett. If he is still at Litchfield, or moving off and within reach of Kennett, he must pursue and defeat of entirely drive him out.

If Colonel Kennett is not available at once for this duty assign it to Colonel McCook.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Received October 26. Copy forwarded to Colonel McCook. General Thomas directed Colonel McCook to carry out this order.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 49. In Camp, October 26, 1862.

I. All recruits for the rebel army captured or arrested by troops of this command will be regarded as prisoners of war, and sent without delay to Vicksburg and there paroled and left subject to exchange.

II. All persons who have actively aided or abetted in the invasion of Kentucky by rebel troops within the last three months will be immediately arrested and sent to Vicksburg, Miss., and forbidden to return to Kentucky. This order will not be understood as including persons indicted or help by the civil authorities for trial, nor will arrests be made on suspicion or insufficient evidence of guilt.

Brigadier General J. T. Boyle is charged with the execution of these orders, and will give such special instructions as may be found necessary.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 27, 1862 - 11.45 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The renewed rumors of the removal of General Buell I hope are without foundation. If he should be removed a winter campaign with his army - now the best in the service - will be lost, and perhaps Nashville and all Middle Tennessee and West Tennessee in danger, without the possibility of relief to East Tennessee. His army is now again on the

