
march south and good results must be achieved by it. He has confidence of most, if not all, of his generals and of all thinking men here. When he could no longer get supplies by the Tennessee and Cumberland River and the Louisville and Nashville Railroad was destroyed his army was put on half rations. In this condition he could not advance on the enemy. He fell back and saved Nashville; then fell back and saved Bowling Green and Southern Kentucky; then fell back and saved Louisville, and brought through all his baggage trains without loss, and now has driven Bragg and Smith out of Kentucky. The battle of Perryville proves the efficiency of his army and the character of his officers. No reflecting man here believe Bragg would fight Buell's army unless he could throw his whole force on a single division. His retreat is the prof of the correctness of their judgment. No general can now take his place without injury to the service and the cause. The clamors of the press and of unfeeling men for more bloody fields, without regard to results obtained and reasonable future ones, in my judgment should not prevail. The complaint about the organization of his army and the wrong inflicted on the inhabitants are intrude as to the old regiments, but true as to the new ones to a lamentable extent. They are of course being corrected. I repeat again, I hope General Buell has not and will not be removed.

JAMES GUTHRIE.

OCTOBER 27, 1862.

General NEGLEY, Nashville:

An ample force will be in supporting distance of you; and the railroad, which is already open to Bowling Green, will be completed to Nashville in a very short time. Of course you will hold your position at every hazard and to the last extremity. Inform yourself thoroughly in regard to any movement of troops that would seriously endanger your position and report particulars without a movement's delay. If necessary it will be possible by forced marches to expedite the movements for your relief. At any rate endeavor to report your condition every day or so. Is the bridge rebuilt at Bridgeport?

D. C. BUELL.

OCTOBER 27, 1862.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Bowling Green:

Keep yourself carefully informed in regard to the movements of the enemy about Nashville or toward that point and report promptly.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE CAVALRY,Camp near Munfordville, Ky., October 27, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Because of the somewhat unintelligible and apparently unreasonable movements made by the forces under my command in the recent pursuit of Morgan and the fruitless result of the whole affair I

