
suppose it proper, both in justice to myself and because some whole-some inferences may be drawn from them, to state a few disconnected facts:

I was on my way to Bardstown (agreeably to your first order) and had reached a point 5 miles west of Springfield at 2 a. m. Monday morning (October 20); I had marched 48 miles since Sunday morning, and had only 23 miles to march in eight hours in order of reach Bardstown at 10 a. m. This I had fully intended to do, having given the men three hours' sleep at Perryville. But at this point I ran into General Gay's column. Sending forward to know what caused the delay I received an order to remain where I was until morning. Supposing him to have met the enemy or to have received (as the general's staff officer) other information, and greatly desiring to co-operate, I obeyed. When morning came I was ordered on by General Gay, and we reached Springfield at 10 a. m. Monday, 20th. From the time I reached him (Gay) until the morning I left Lebanon (Tuesday, 21st) the same anxiety to co-operate and the same inference as to his better acquaintance with the general's intentions led me to obey his orders.

On the morning of the 21st, having expected orders all night, I was incidentally informed that my command was an independent one, and that I was expected to "catch Morgan" in my own way. Failing to get any information or suggestions from General Gay or any one else, I started as soon as possible to Munfordville, Gay promising to go to Glasgow via Campbellsville. Of this I advised you, but the telegraph not working, you did not receive it promptly.

Reaching Munfordville on Wednesday night (October 22d), having marched 18 miles Tuesday afternoon and 33 miles on Wednesday, O left on Thursday morning, as soon as I had opened communication with Colonel Bruce at Bowling Green, for Brownsville.

I had proceeded 5 miles when the order disbanding my brigade and ordering the regiments to remain at Munfordville turned me back. I left again, pursuant to subsequent orders received from you, for the same place at 2 a. m. of Friday, and was within 4 miles of Brownsville at 3 p. m. same day. I there learned definitely where Morgan had gone, and returned next [day] (via Dripping Springs) to within 3 miles of Woodsonville, where I stopped for forage and sent ion to Munfordville for rations. I would have gone on to Woodbury without rations or rest of any result had suggested itself. Morgan having, by all the testimony of soldiers, scouts, and citizens, left my track, I returned.

Morgan was at Bardstown Sunday morning (19th) at daylight. By unexampled marching I could only have reached there at 10 o'clock a. m., and then in such an exhausted condition as would have made me no match for his greatly superior force and have entirely unfaded me for pursuit. I should have reached him in that time and in tht condition too if I had not been ordered differently.

Morgan was at Elizabethtown on Sunday night and at Litchfield Monday night (20th). He did not finally leave Litchfield until the morning of the 23d, and did not reach Morgantown until the 24th, or leave it until the day of Colonel Bruce's skirmish with him, the 25th. He was in no sort of haste. When at Springfield I urged General Gay to divide the forces, a part keeping higher up through New Haven, Hodgensville, Millerstown, and Litchfield, pressing Morgan rapidly down, and another part sent to Brownsville or Glasgow. This, with the disposition of Colonel Bruce's force at Bowling Green and Russellville, Colonel Craddock remaining at this point, would have made an

