
excellent trap to catch Morgan. If executed, this would certainly have hastened and perhaps destroyed him.

There were 300 of Morgan's men at Brownsville on Thursday, and remained during the day. At 8 o'clock of that day I was 5 miles toward B., and would certainly have struck him there had I not been ordered to return. Arriving at B. I might have pushed on to Litchfield or Woodbury, cutting off Morgan's stragglers, or with Bruce's forces attacked his main body. Starting when I did I knew every step was useless.

At no time has my force been sufficient to cope successfully with Morgan. He is known to have had Duke's and Gano's regiments and Breckinridge's battalion, aggregating, by all accounts, 2,000 men, and two pieces of artillery. Against this I had 575 seasoned troops (375 First Ohio and 200 First Kentucky), and 600 green troops, never under fire (Fourth Michigan), aggregating but 1,175 men, and not a single piece of artillery. In whatever way I might have met Morgan, had he had his back against the wall and shown fight, the result would have been doubtful and could not have been else than partial and unsatisfactory.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MINOR MILLIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 27, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Army of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

General Granger will be instructed to put a brigade at Frankfort and to throw forward from Lexington a force as far in advance as the practicability of supplies will permit. Can you spare him an additional one from your command? The railroad from Covington is now open,, the cars running to Lexington, where General Granger is establishing camp of instruction for his raw troops.

WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, October 27, 1862.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Lexington, Ky.:

General Buell reports that Bragg's army has been pressed beyond London, and believes it ha fled beyond mountains into East Tennessee. He thinks Kentucky may still however be liable to incursions of cavalry, and even infantry, through Cumberland Gap. He has posted a division at Bowling Green, with detached brigade at Munfordville and another at Lebanon, with detached brigade at Munfordville and another at Lebanon, with guards along the road, the last two under Gilbert. This leaves the direct road to Cumberland Gap to be covered by your command, and you should throw a force forward from Lexington for the purpose as far as is prudent and as you can supply it. Also post one of your brigades at Frankfort to cover that place. have requested General Buell to send you a regiment of cavalry from his command.

Truly,WRIGHT.

