HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Florence, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs that you will furnish the commanders of batteries in your division with a copy of the following standing order:

No cannoneer or other person shall ride on any gun-carriage or caisson when on the march; nor shall any knapsack, haversack, canteen, or other article that does not properly belong there be carried on them or in any way be attached to them at any time whatever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Florence, June 25, 1862.

Captain SINTON,

Commissary of Subsistence:

You are directed to take charge of the subsistence train (Captain Brinkerhoff's) now at Florence, and move with it in connection with General Nelson's command. With a view to this you will proceed to the train this afternoon, take possession of it, and the report yourself in person to General Nelson and show him this letter.

The train had probably better move with the leading brigade of Nelson's division, and the rations may be issued to his or any other of our troops found to require them. If the train moves with the leading brigade it would be able to leave rations at any point for the brigades in the rear if it should be found that they were in need of them. Continue with General Nelson's division until further orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 25, 1862.

Captain E. NIGH,

Chief Quartermaster:

The service of the steamer Lady Jackson being no longer required the necessary steps will be taken to discharge her, and as it is doubtful whether she can now get belong the Shoals all superfluous weight about her will be removed so as to lighten her as much as possible, and if then the shoal pilot is of the opinion that there is a reasonable prospect of getting her over she will be ordered to report to the quartermaster at Eastport or Pittsburg Landing for discharge from her charter. If, on the other hand, the pilot is satisfied she cannot be passed over the Shoals the attempt will not be made, and she must be detained at the expense of the Government, inasmuch as she has been kept above without the consent of the captain or owners for the public service. To provide for the contingency of the loss of the boat in the attempt to pass the Shoals an appraisement will be made of her value by a board of competent officers, detailed by General Nelson, to meet to-morrow morning at 7

5 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

