
OCTOBER 28, [1862.]

Captain GAY, Lebanon:

Send detachment of cavalry to Harrodsburg and in the section of country toward the Kentucky River, to pursue any rebel cavalry that may be there and to arrest all rebel officers and soldiers, whether on parole or not. Send them to this place under guard. Arrest also any of our own stragglers that may be found.

D. C. BUELL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General S' OFFICE,Numbers 317. Washington, October 28, 1862.

* * * * *

Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major-General Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio, at Cincinnati Ohio, to assume command of this old division, supposed to be under General Granger.

* * * * *

By division of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1862-8 a. m.

President LINCOLN:

General Morgan's entire command ought to be sent to Tennessee, and if not, all the Tennessee regiments should be sent. They are the troops we need here. Press the importance of sending these regiments to Tennessee upon General Halleck. I know if his attention is called to it he will not hesitate one moment. Let them come and we will redeem East Tennessee before Christmas. East Tennessee must be redeemed. I have much to say upon this subject at the proper time. Let sufficient forces be sent to Nashville. It must and can be held. I will communicate fully all that has transpired as soon as mail facilities are restored.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

LOUISVILLE, KY ., October 29, 1862-11.30 a. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

If, as the papers report, my successor has been appointed, it is important that I should know it, and that he should enter on the command immediately, as the troops are already in motion.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 29, 1862.

General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

The force at Lexington should furnish a guard for the bridge over the Kentucky River and for captured stores at Camp Dick Robinson

