
in terms intentionally, but it must be executed with caution and discretion. No arrest should be made until proof is submitted to you sufficient to justify it, and the arrest should then only be made on your special order in each case. It is intended to get rid of all who have actually aide in the invasion, but the order should not be permitted to serve as authority for improper arrests or persecution of persons not guilty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 30, 1862.

Colonel HALL, Lebanon:

The One hundred and first Indiana and One hundred and twenty- third Illinois are ordered to join you at Lebanon by forced marches. Communicate with them by telegraph. Soon as they arrive march with your entire brigade to Woodsonville, on Green River, and occupy the fortification there and defend the brigade. You must march the first day 5 miles beyond Salome; the second day through Summersville, across Green River to Port Royal or beyond there; the third day down Green river to the fortifications at Woodsonville. Take five days' rations for the entire command and purchase forage on the road; buy all the provisions you can near your station. be vigilant, and drill and instruct your command daily. Your supplies will come from Louisville by rail as soon as the road is open. Acknowledge receipt and report your departure. Where is the rest of the battery? Have everything ready to march as soon as the regiments arrive at Lebanon.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel.

GALL HOUSE,

Louisville, Ky., October 30, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Gall House:

GENERAL: Inclosed I transmit the autograph letter of General Halleck, directing you on its presentation to turn over your present command to me and report at [Indianapolis for orders.* I know the bearer of unwelcome new has a "losing office," but feel assured you are too high a gentleman and too true a soldier to permit this to produce any feelings of personal unkindness between us. I, like yourself, am neither an intriguer nor newspaper soldier. I go where I am ordered; but propriety will permit me to say that I have often felt indignant at the petty attacks on you by a portion of the press during the past summer, and that you had my high respect for ability as a soldier, for your firm adherence to truth and justice in the government and discipline of your command. I beg you, by our common profession and the love we bear our suffering country, to give me all the aid you can for the performance of duties of which no one better than yourself knows the difficulties.

Please name an hour and place most convenient for me to meet you.

Very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Halleck to Buell, October 24, p. 642.

---------------

