
OCTOBER 30, [1862.]

General THOMAS, Lebanon:

I am ordered to Indianapolis to report for further orders. Can I do anything for you privately? I can hardly flatter myself that I can do anything officially, though I would be glad to try.

D. C. BUELL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 50. Louisville, Ky., October 30, 1862.

In obedience to orders from the Headquarters of the Army, Major General Buell relinquishes the command of the District an Army of the Ohio to Major General W. S. Rosecrans.

It is impossible for the general without feelings of regard an a warn interest in their future success to part with troops whom he has been the instrument of converting for the most part form raw levies into a powerful army, honored by common consent for its discipline and efficient organization, for its esprit de corps, and for victories unqualified by single reverse, and whose reserve, and whose fortunes he has followed for a twelve mount over a field of operations embracing considerable portions of four States, thorough difficulties and dangers which its fortitude and courage have mastered without accident or failure. It has recently, by a rapid march of some 500 miles, with limited subsistence, often with an inadequate supply of water, returned to Kentucky and driven from her borders a powerful army; and having re-established its communications, is now well on its way to meet the enemy at other points.

The occasion is not convenient for recounting its services during the past twelve months, but the army may safety recur to them with pride. If anything has not been accomplished which was practicable within the sphere of its duty the general cheerfully holds himself responsible for the failure.

The general reflects with pride that the army under his command had for the most part been free from petty jealousies and intrigues; that it has neither indulged in vain boasting nor tarnished its high character by bickerings and low criminations. I will enhance his gratification if it shall carry to its new commander, who already has earned its confidence and respect by distinguished service the same noble qualities which have characterized it since its organization. He will pray that it may be the instrument of speedily restoring the union to its integrity, and there is no individual in its ranks in whose honor and welfare he will not feel a special interest.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 1. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Louisville, Ky., October 30, 1862.

I. By direction of the general-in-chief the undersigned assumes the command of the Department of the Cumberland and the troops under General Buell's command, which will hereafter constitute the Fourteenth Army Corps.

