
II. The following staff officers are announced, and will act until a permanent organization of the staff is effected:

Lieutenant Colonel Arthur C. Ducat. Twelfth Infantry, Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general and chief of staff.

Major C. Goddard, senior aide-de-camp, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Major W. P. Hepburn, Second Iowa Cavalry, acting judge-advocate.

Captain Samuel Simmons, commissary of subsistence, acting chief commissary.

Captain J. G. Chandler, assistant quartermaster, acting chief quartermaster.

Captain N. Michler, chief topographical engineer.

Captain J. H. Gilman, Nineteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, inspector of artillery.

Captain J. C. Peterson, Fifteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, acting assistant inspector-general.

First Lieutenant T. Edson, Ordnance Corps, ordnance officer.

First Lieutenant Charles R. Thompson, Engineer Regiment of the West, aide-de-camp.

Second Lieutenant Byron Kirby, Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, aide-de-camp.

Surg. Robert Murray, U. S. Army, medical director.

Surg. A. H. Thurston, U. S. Volunteers, medical director.

Reports will be made and business transacted thorough them in accordance with existing orders and regulations.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 30, 1862-6 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Arrived here this morning and assumed command. My baggage will arrive to-night by water. expect to go to bowling Green on the day after to-morrow. Forces moving there and to Glasgow. The Salt River Bridge will be prepared by to-morrow night. Will then be able to cross. Provision trains can then run to Franklin. News from Bragg's force represents it as having scattered over East Tennessee. Rebel force at Murfreesborough said to be 9,000 of all sorts.

W. S. RESECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I find we have here eight regiments of cavalry. Would be able to do wonders under an able chief. Brigadier-General Stanley, besides being an able and indefatigable soldier, is a thorough cavalry officer. He can do more food to the service by commanding a cavalry than an infantry division. I beg you for that reason to send him to me. you know the expense of cavalry, and what the rebel cavalry has done.

Stanley will double our forces without expense.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

