
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 30, 1862,

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

If you have any troops any troops at Cincinnati or Louisville that you can spare send them to General Grant at Columbus immediately. It seems in regard to the disposition of your other forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 30, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

There but one regiment in this vicinity, except detached companies, for guards, &amp;c. The rest of the force which was assembled here has been moved to Lexington, Frankfort, and other points in that part of Kentucky. I can draw upon those for General Grant, if absolutely necessary. At Louisville there are few troops, aside from General Rosecrans' force, the larger half of which was drawn form my command. How much of this he can leave behind I do not Know. Had arranged to meet him at Louisville to-morrow to settle this. If General Grant's needs are pressing part of the force at Lexington or Louisville should be sent him; if not, it would be better to take new regiments from States. How many regiments should be sent him and how soon must he have them? Please answer to-night.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOWLING GREEN, October 30, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Cumberland:

My expedition to La Fayette, Macon County, Tenn., under Captain Welling, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, has just returned. they captured Colonel Young, and several other prisoners, of the rebel army, together with all their papers, containing a list of conscripts for Macon County.

Respectfully,

S. D. BRUCE,

Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, October 30, 1862.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Lexington, Ky.:

Colonel Wadsworth, of Maysville, writes me that some of Marshall's men are still hanging about the country from Mount Sterling and Owingsville to West Libery, committing outrages upon the people and depredations upon their property. The regiment sent to Mount Sterling, aided by some cavalry, ought to break up the gang. See if it can't be done. I shall go to Louisville in the morning.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

