
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 17. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 30, 1862.

First Lieutenant Miles D. McAlester, U. S. Engineers, is hereby appointed a member of the department staff, and announced as chief of engineers, Department of the Ohio.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR CAMPBELLSVILLE, KY.,

October 30, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Soon after coming to Kentucky in 1861 I urged the Government to give me 20,000 men properly equipped to take the field that I might at least make the attempt to take Knoxville and secure East Tennessee. My suggestions were not listened to, bi there passed by in silence. Yet, without boasting, I believe I have exhibited at least sufficient energy to show that I had been intrusted with the command of that expedition at that time (October, 1861) I might have conducted it successfully. Before Corinth I was the command of the right wing of the Army of the Tennessee. I feel confident that I performed my duty patriotically and faithfully and with a reasonable amount of credit to myself. As soon as the emergency was over I was relieved and returned to the command of my old division. I went to duties without a murmur, as I am neither ambitious nor have any political aspirations.

On the 29th of last September I received an ordered through your aid, Colonel McKibbin, placing me in command of the Department of Tennessee, and directing General Buell to turn over his troops to me. This order reached me just as General Buell had by most extraordinary exertions prepared his army to pursue and drive the rebels from Kentucky. Feeling convinced that great injustice would be done him if not permitted to carry out his plans I requested that he might be retained in command. The order relieving him was suspended, but to day I am officially informed that he is relieved by General Rosecrans, yet feeling conscious that no just cause exists for overs laughing me by placing me under my junior, I feel deeply mortified and aggrieved at the action taken in this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO, H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

I do not desire the command of the Department of the Tennessee but that an officer senior to me in rank should be sent here if I am retained on duty in it.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 31, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I telegraphed you that General Grant seemed likely to be hard

42 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

