
o'clock. The board will make a written report, a copy of which will be furnished to the captain. In the event of the boat not being able to pass the Shoals the question of purchase to supersede the charter or of a continuation of the charter will be left for subsequent determination.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Florence, June 25, 1862.

Mr. JEFFERSON:

SIR: It having come to the knowledge of the general commanding that you have presumed to offer a bribe to one of the officers of this army, the permission granted you to purchase cotton in the valley of Tennessee is withdrawn by the general. You will therefore at once return to me the written permit granted you to purchase cotton, and thus render it unnecessary to make public the withdrawal of the privilege extended you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General NEGLEY,

Columbia, Tenn.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett is on parole, and is traveling under the protection which the laws of civilized warfare afford. If he has been guilty of imprudence only, it is an exhibition of bad taste, for which the proper punishment is a dignified rebuke. If he has violated his parole, you would be justified in arresting him. Under all other circumstances his person is sacred. Report in detail what Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett has done. What can be sworn to is what I want to know, not what irresponsible parties say.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Gap, June 25, 1862.

General BUELL, and

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe has returned. He was allowed to pass the lines of Carter's cavalry, but Ashby sent forward to General Stevenson, who occupies, I think, a gap in the Clinch Mountains this side of Morristown. His supposed position will be indicated upon the map accompanying my report, which goes forward to-day. Ashby with this cavalry is on the north side of Clinch River, 20 miles distant. Secession citizens of Tennessee continue to come in to take the oath of allegiance and ask the protection of the brave old flag. Colonel Monroe was treated with great courtesy. Smith's answer will be reported to-morrow.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

