
proposed work (see map) in front of the Kyle and McRae Batteries should be constructed.

Indeed at all the defenses, so soon as the work of establishing the guns is commenced, there will be some further labor required, which has been left unfinished on account of the uncertainty of the kind of guns which would be sent from the arsenals to arm the works. This however can be executed in a short space of time.

For an exhibit of the present and required armament of the forts and batteries I respectfully refer you to the tabular statement marked appendix A. On the 26th September I addressed the general command-appendix a. On the 26th September I addressed the general commanding a letter on this subject, marked appendix B (herewith), and it is presumed that the guns which are now being received here are in consequence of a requisition by Lieutenant Horace Porter, chief of ordnance in the department, based on that letter. From him I learn that he has required thirty heavy guns (twenty 32s and ten 24s), which as the accompanying estimate calls for forty-two, leaves a deficiency of twelve yet to be procured; or,if the three on Price's Hill just below Cincinnati, are used on the south of the Ohio, the deficiency will be nine.

With the sanction of the major-general commanding I have called the batteries after the gallant dead and living of the batteries after the gallant dead and living of the army and those citizens of Cincinnati who have been most conspicuous in furnishing and raising the necessary means for paying the laborers, &amp;c., on the defenses. Forth Whittlesey, having been planned and erected by Colonel Whittlesey, who was the first superintendent of the works, I have deemed it but a proper compliment that it should bear his name.

Captain William e. Merrill joined me September 13, and remained in sole charge of the work on the west side of the Licking till he was ordered to report to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding the Army of Kentucky in the field, and was relieved by Lieutenant John A. Tardy October 14.

Colonel Charles Whittlesey was my assistant from the 6th September the 7th October, when, having no further need of his services, he was discharged. His duties consisted in superintending the operations on the east side of the Licking, and his general knowledge of the works and line of defense I found such as to have been of considerable service.

To all the gentlemen named I tender my most cordial thanks, particularly to Captain William E. Merrill, Corps of Engineers, who most effectually assisted me in taking charge of the operations on the west side of the Licking, where, on account of illness, I could not give them the attention they need. I also acknowledge the valuable assistance I have received from Lieutenant John A. Tardy, Corps, of Engineers, his successor, whose coup d'oeil I have found to be strikingly correct.

I must also express my thanks to my assistants, Messrs. John R. Gillis, A. G. Archbach, Colonel O. P. Ransom, H. D. Paul, Prof. William H. Serles, and Mr. George H. Knight for importance services rendered either in the surveys or prosecution of the operations on the defenses. Captain Merrill also informs me that the public is much indebted to Mr. John B. Earnshaw, civil engineer and superintendent of cincinnati water works, for assistance rendered him.

From the 3rd to the 8th of September the work on the defenses was performed by citizens from Cincinnati, Covington, and Newport, pressed under martial law into the service, the average number per day being about 600. From the 8th to the 13th September the work was done by laborers, hired under the supervision of the mayor of Cincinnati, Honorable George H. Hatch, at $1 each per day, the average daily number being, according to his statement, about 1,780. From the 15th of September to

