
CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 26, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I am informed that General McPherson has ordered the regiment of Michigan Engineers to obey no orders but his. You told me to retain the regiment. It is very necessary to my command and I hope it will not be taken away.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 26, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Florence:

As soon as the road is opened to Decatur the Michigan Engineer Regiment will be transferred back to your command. The superintendent of telegraphs is unwilling to spare Mr. Hammond from his district. It is officially reported that Price, Van Dorn, and Breckinridge are moving a strong force against Sherman at Grand Junction. I am sending him re-enforcements as fast as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 26, 1862.

To the General Commanding U. S. Forces at Cumberland Gap:

GENERAL: This letter will be placed in your hands by First Lieutenant William P. Craighill, Corps of Engineers, who proceeds hence to Cumberland Gap, under instructions from this Department to enter at once upon and to push forward with the utmost vigor such works as he may find necessary for a through defense of that pass.*

You will regard the prompt completion of these defenses an object of very great importance, and to that end you will protect and aid the operations of Lieutenant Craighill with all such means as your command will supply.

The labor required by Lieutenant Craighill in his operations is to be furnished by the troops of your command, who will execute the works under the immediate supervision of their own officers, these being responsible for strict conformity to Lieutenant Craighill's projects and directions and for industry and diligence on the part of the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Athens, Ala., June 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fifth Division:

General Buell directs that you halt and encamp your division at the creek about 4 1/2 miles from Athens, on the Huntsville road, and there await further orders. Keep yourself in constant communication with the telegraph office in Athens. Draw your supplies from the same place. See that the ammunition in Captain Gaubert's train is turned

---------------

*See Stanton to Craighill, June 23, p. 55.

---------------

