
APPENDIX B.

OFFICE TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Cincinnati, Ohio, September 26, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Commanding:

GENERAL: Agreeably to General Orders, Numbers 11, of the 6th instant from the headquarters of this department, the field works in the vicinity of Newport and Covington have been repaired and very considerably extended. The works are nearly completed, and it is intended as soon as they are and the map to illustrate them is finished to give a full report. In the mean time it is proper for me to say that although with their present armament, to wit, twelve guns (24s 32s, and three 30-pounder Parrotts) on the west side of the Licking, six (24s and 32s) on the east side, and three (24s and 32s) on Price's Hill, on the Cincinnati side of the Ohio, in connection with the many accessory rifle pits and felled woods, serving partially as abatis, a very respectable defense may be made; yet prudence distastes that while probably as many as fifty guns will be required to place them in perfect security, as many as twenty-five or thirty should be placed immediately in battery.

The purpose of this letter is to request that while Parrot 30 or 20 pounders would be preferred, in case they are not available 32 and 24 pounders smooth-bore will answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SIMPSON,

Major and Chief of Topographical Engineers.

APPENDIX C.

Reports upon the defenses of cincinnati, Ohio, November 1, 1861, by Colonel Charles Whittlesey.

CINCINNATI, November 1, 1861.

Brigadier-General MITCHEL,

Commanding the Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: As the means placed at my disposal for the defense of this city are exhausted and the work upon them substantially closed I present a brief sketch ow what has been done:

Surveys of the adjacent country were made in May and June last, by order of General McClellan, by Lieutenant Poe, of the Topographical Engineers, and his assistants. A map was furnished me containing the results of that survey, being a copy taken from Lieutenant Poe's original by direction of the city council. I cannot learn that a plan of defense was decided upon, no memoir on the subject being found in the office at headquarters when I reached here, on the 23rd of September.

You assigned me as assistants Messrs. Michael Riteur, Geoffrey Stengel, and D. H. Swiles, civil engineers, whom I have found to be both able and zealous, and who have been engaged in the details of laying out ant constructing batteries.

They have also extended the surveys for minute topography and constructed a new map, showing the position of our defensive line and its earthworks already constructed or proposed. The number of these works and their armament is shown by the annexed table.

On the Cincinnati side there are four, on three of which there are

