
guns, but these also form a part of the defensive system on the Kentucky side.

The line I have selected extends in rear of the cities of Newport and Covington from the Ohio River, at Pleasant Run, 2 miles below Cincinnati, across the bend of the river to a point which is 7 1/2 miles above the city. It occupies the summits and ridges of the hills, which rise front 360 to 420 feet above low water, and is 8 miles in length, including an area of 19 square miles.

I refer to the accompanying map to show positions already occupied and the auxiliary positions proposed for occupation.

This line was found after close examination to possess great natural strength. It occupies mountain crests, along which good roads can be easily made from battery to battery. Beyond these crests are deep and in most cases precipitous ravines, generally crowned with growing timber. When the necessity arises, by felling the timber in these ravines a barrier can be made on very short notice that will render about one half of the line impracticable for the passage of troops.

There are now finished on the Kentucky side eight batteries, occupying the most commanding points, and one bastioned fort. Eight more earthworks of a similar kind are projected as subsidiary to the above, the required armament for which appears in the following table.

The two platforms and the batteries on the Cincinnati side constitute part of the plan of resistance by protecting the river with its shipping and one of the flanks of the line. In these there are five guns mounted.

The only ordnance as yet received here consists of twenty barbette guns, 32 and 24 pounders, all of which are in place.

To complete the armament of the parapets now ready requires four 24-pounders, nine 18-pounders on wheels, four 12-pounders on field carriages and for 12-pounders on field carriages, and fourteen howitzers.

In the proposed batteries twenty-four pieces of various kinds are necessary, and, to complete the preparations for a perfect defense, two batteries of field pieces, one-half smooth-bores. By means of the ridge roads upon any exposed point.

In is presumed that an enemy from the South would not be permitted to cross the Ohio River in great numbers with their trains and equipage. On his approach every means of ferriage would be withdrawn or destroyed by us, and all attempts at a passage met by an immediate attack. His success in such an undertaking would be prevented by so little effort that I have not provided for intrenchments on the Ohio side as independent works. Such a line would increase the circuit of defense to twice the present length and the armament accordingly. Besides the fallen timber referred to, infantry breastworks, rifle pits, and abatis are indicated upon the map as part of the system of defenses. These artificial obstructions will be quickly made by the troops who may occupy the lines when the proper moment arrives.

Another feature of the country south of cincinnati must not be overlooked. The river makes a large bend to the northward, including the counties of Campbell, Kenton, and Boone. Across the base of the peninsula the distance is about 32 miles, which is divided north and south into two nearly equal parts by the Licking River. The two main roads from the interior subdivide these equal parts, occupying on both sides the highlands between the Licking and the Ohio. Two inclosed works of some strength should be constructed at the proper time upon each of these roads 20 to 25 miles from Covington. An enemy could not pass them and maintain his line of communication till they were

43 R R - VOL XVI, PT II

