
CINCINNATI, OHIO, December 4, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

I do not need Colonel Fry at present.

DONN PIATT,

Judge-Advocate.

[Brigadier General J. T. Boyle's report of Confederate prisoners received at Louisville, Ky., from October 1 to December 14, 1862, shows a total of 175 officers and 3,329 enlisted men. A copy of this report bears the following indorsement:]
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, December 16, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Rosecrans, as furnishing evidence of material and strength of rebel army in his front.

The prisoners captured by General Buell's army represent 225 regiments-177 infantry and 48 cavalry-and 32 batteries of artillery.

If General Buell did not receive statement sent him will General Rosecrans exhibit to him?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 118. Washington, March 13, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. Major General E. O C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, and Brigadier General A. Schoepf, U. S. Volunteers, are relieved from duty on the Military Commission convened by Special Orders, Numbers 356 Orders, Numbers 356, series 1862, from Headquarters Army. Major-General Ord will repair to Carlisle, Pa., and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Brigadier General A. Schoepf will report for duty to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 11, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Barton's command here and leaves for Clinton. Glenn's men all left yesterday morning, and must have reached Chattanooga before your dispatches were received here at 11 o'clock last night. Howard reports all boats destroyed as directed. Walworth returned. I have no answer to dispatch to Dr. Smith concerning Major Clay.

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 12, 1862.

Major J. A. BROWN,

Chief of Artillery, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Hasten forward by telegraph the two Florida regiments. Order up one of the unarmed regiments and issue to them country rifles at Chattanooga. Morgan's whole force-infantry, cavalry, and artillery-have crossed into Powell's Valley. Show this to Leadbetter.

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the whole force of the enemy which have crossed into Powell's Valley are moving toward Cumberland Gap. They have also crossed from Virginia and are marching upon the same point. The general directs that you will immediately destroy all the boats upon the Clinch River, and that you will communicate your intentions to Colonel Allston in such manner that they would not be understood by the enemy should your messenger be intercepted. Stevenson, who gives this information by his last courier, excepts some relief from us. Move your command as rapidly as possible to Tazewell. Reynolds' brigade will be ordered to move there from Morristown. The Fifty-second Georgia is also ordered to the same point, and will go up at once by rail to Morristown and thence to the crossing at Powell's River.

Captain Owen's company (cavalry) is ordered to Maynardville, from which point he will observer all the crossings of Clinch River from its

