
over to the quartermaster in Athens for transportation by rail when called for. Lieutenant Messinger and party now in charge will remain with it and bring it forward when so ordered. The train (continuing under Captain Gaubert) to be sent at once to Reynolds' Station to Athens until further orders. Captain Gaubert to attend to this.

General Nelson's division will encamp and await orders about 3 miles west of Athens on the Florence road.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Athens, June 27, 1862.

Captain GAUBERT,

Assistant Quartermaster:

You are directed to assist Lieutenant Messinger in having the ammunition in your train turned over to the quartermaster in Athens and stored, to be sent forward by rail when required. You will then put your train on the line from Reynolds' Station, on the Nashville Railroad, to Athens and haul supplies to the latter place. The general supply train now coming forward under Captain Sinton, commissary of subsistence, which belongs to Captain Brinkerhoff, will also come under your charge for the same purpose, and you will see that it is used and properly run, hauling rations and forage from Reynolds' Station to Athens. The number of trains on the route will probably enable you to have one day's rest at each end for your trains, and you will occupy that time in shoeing your mules and refitting your trains. You will report by telegraph the arrival and departure of your trains and what they are loaded with, and any other facts of interest. Send these reports to Captain Nigh at General Buell's headquarters, Huntsville. As soon as you arrive at Athens have your animals that want shoeing and your wagons, that want repairs attended to, leaving good men to see to it, and take up for the first trip only the teams that are in good order. Keep your trains at all times parked out of town and see that they are orderly and commit no depredations. Do not neglect the reports by telegraph. Colonel Norton will see that you are supplied with escort, and you will apply to him accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Athens, June 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON,

Commanding Fourth Division:

General Buell directs that you halt and encamp your division on the stream about 3 miles before you reach Athens and there await further orders. Draw your supplies from Athens at the rate of five days' at a time. The general supply train now with you under Captain Sinton must be put upon the road to haul supplies from Reynolds' Station, on the Nashville Railroad, to Athens, the stores now in his train being turned over to your division or to the depot in Athens, as you may deem

