
KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD, Okolona, Miss.:

The enemy have crossed the Cumberland Mountains from Kentucky in force. They also they also threaten Chattanooga from Middle Tennessee. My command is operating on the Kentucky line. Chattanooga is it danger. If you are not likely to be soon actively occupied can you not send two brigades or a division under an efficient officer to that point? The fall of Chattanooga opens the way into Georgia and exposes your right flank.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

TUPELO, MISS., June 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

It would be fatal any troops from this army at this moment, when I expect daily to meet such superior forces.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1862.

Colonel BENJAMIN ALLSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: A dispatch from General Stevenson, dated yesterday and received this evening, stated that he is in front of the enemy at Wilson's Gap and will endeavor to hold him in check until re-enforcements reach him. Reynolds' brigade has gone forward by rail

to Morristown and will reach Tazewell to-morrow night. Barton is ordered to push forward his command and effect a junction with Reynolds at that time and place. The commanding general will be at Bean's Station to-morrow night, where he may remain, but will regulate his movements to correspond with those of Reynolds' command. The commanding general directs that you carefully observe the movements of the enemy, especially from Big Creek and toward Clinton. He relies upon your cavalry to defend the crossing of the river and check any advances toward this point until, released from his operations in the valley, he can en-force you. General Barton was directed to leave a small force both of infantry and cavalry at Clinton. This it appears was not done, and the post is left without the garrison intended. You will give proper directions in respect to the security of the one boat ordered to be left there (the rest being destroyed), and will keep it on this side of the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON,

Commanding, &c., Brigade:

GENERAL: A dispatch was sent you by courier at 9.30 a. m. to-day. A communication was received this evening from General Stevenson,

