
stating that he was in front of the enemy at Wilson's Gap and would endeavor to hold him in check until re-enforcements arrived. Reynold's brigade has gone forward by rail to Morristown and will reach Tazewell to-morrow night. The major-general commanding directs that you will push forward your command and effect a junction with him by that time. He also desires you to communicate with him frequently. Nothing has yet been received from you since levying Clinton.

The general will leave here to-morrow morning and be at Bean's Station at night, where he may remain until morning, but the will be governed by Reynolds' movements.

Was the small force (infantry and cavalry) left at Clinton, as directed by letter of 12th instant?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cumberland Gap:

GENERAL: you dispatch of yesterday by courier at 6.30 a. m. received. The general commanding directs me to say that he will leave here to-morrow morning and ;will be at Tazewell on the morning of the following day. Reynolds' brigade has gone forward by rail to Morristown, and also the Fifty-second Georgia, and move thence toward Clinton, with orders to push forward and effect a junction with Reynolds by to-morrow night. Allston is directed to watch the movements of the enemy from Big Creek Gap and the crossings of the Clinch River. Nothing further from other quarters.

Respectfully further form other quarters.

respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 14, 1862.

Colonel A. W. REYNOLDS or COMMANDING OFFICER,

Morristown, Tenn.:

Send a courier forward and order Captain burroughs to cross the Holston River with his battery and escort, and push forward to Tazewell with Reynolds' brigade.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

J. G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 14, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH, Morristown, Tenn.:

The following telegrams received from Chattanooga:

7 A. M.

Colonel Davis reports 1,000 of the enemy at Stevenson, with four guns, coming this way, and 900 at Jasper. Enemy has scouts opposite Narrows, shoving no disposition to attack. No report from scouts over the river.

D. LEADBETTER.

