
9 A. M.

All quiet here. No enemy has crossed the river. Say to the general this flank of his line is, I think, secure. I will try to-day to find where the enemy a forces are and what they are doing.

J. A. BROWN.

Nothing received from Kingston or Clinton.

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

Telegram received from Chattanooga of enemy's advance in force on that place. Mitchell is acting in concert with Morgan. My force is involved in its movement to support of Stevenson. If I can strike a blow in that direction I will move promptly by rail with my whole force to the suppose of Chattanooga. Leadbetter is advised to this effect. Unless the defense of Chattanooga is protracted my command will not reach them in time for its relief. The Florida regiments will leave Chattahoochee to-day.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

BEAN'S STATION, TENN., June 14, 1862.

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON, Tazewell, Tenn.:

GENERAL: General Stevenson reports that the enemy have again retired across the mountains; Mitchell has attacked Chattanooga in force. The general will order the evacuation of Cumberland Gap, which movement you will cover. Details will be sent you in respect thereto. The general commanding leaves Morristown for Knoxville, en route for Chattanooga, to-morrow at 3 p. m. You will order Taylor's brigade forward to Morristown that it may move to Chattanooga. Transportation will be in readiness by daylight on Monday.

respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEAN'S STATION, TENN., June 15, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Cumberland Gap, Tenn:

GENERAL: Mitchell has attacked Chattanooga in force, acting in concert with Morgan by telegraph. The major-general commanding directs me to say that with his small force he finds it impossible to maintain both points, and he is compelled to order the evacuation of the Gap. The road into Georgia is most important. We have large stores at Atlanta, Dalton, rome, and other points easily reached from Chattanooga. You will take your measures for the evacuation of your post promptly and quietly, sending away your ordnance stores and valuable property. The general hopes you will succeed all your

