
essential to you at the present time as the confidence both of your troops and the inhabitants of the town, and he directs that you publish an order stating that the place will not be abandoned, but defended to the last extremity. This you will have made plain, as well to the citizens of the town as the soldiers of your command. Instructions, he informs me, have already been sent you to put the two Florida regiments and Colonel Davis' regiment into a brigade, which will be commanded by that officer. He further directs that the lately arrived Georgia regiments be brigades together and put under the command of the senior colonel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

The 1,500 stand of arms sent early in June just arrived here, and with 900 additional taken from the sick, have been forwarded to Chattanooga. This gives Leadbetter some 4,000 infantry and secures the place. A brigadier-general should be sent to command Georgia regiments just reached there, which will be armed with the 2,400 stand mentioned above. The enemy occupy Powell's Valley in force; my command concentrating between him and the railroad the possession of which I will contest.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., at or near Clinch River, June 18, 2 o'clock, is just received (9.15 a. m.) Reports state that only eleven regiments crossed the mountains, and that they were to have moved on Cumberland Gap this morning. The general commanding directs that you make a stand at Clinch Mountain and Bean's Station. There seems to be no likelihood of the enemy's pressing you. Keep your cavalry at Tazewell, and scout toward Powell's River and the Gap. Barton will march his brigade, with his wagons and artillery, from Beans' Station to Knoxville by road. Supplies (subsistence and forage) have been sent to Maynardville. Dispatches have been sent you daily apprising you of all that has transpired and with instructions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON:

Hold Clinch Mountain and Bean's Station. Keep cavalry in advance toward Tazewell and Powell's River. Have written by mail.

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

