
KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Bean's Station, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your telegram was received this evening. The commanding general directs me to say that Clinch Mountain and Bean's Station form a position you should until at least the enemy make some demonstration in force. From Bean's Station the road is open to Knoxville, the Clinch Mountain covering your flank. If Barton has left Bean's Station he should halt at Blain's Cross-Roads, and with his command watch the roads coming in at that point and the Powder Spring Gap. Ashby succeeds to the command of Allston's brigade, and should instruct his cavalry to give duplicate information here of everything important that transpires in front. You will state the strength of your command and the number of cars required for the transportation of your artillery in case it is necessary for you to move by railroad. Captain Owen's company of cavalry was ordered to Maynardville, with directions to remain there. He is found to have left there without any instructions from these headquarters or giving notice of the fact. Major Harper's command will be sent there to-morrow.

The following information in regard to roads and distances is considered reliable by the commanding general:

From Bean's Station to rutledge is 9 miles, at which point a road comes in across the mountains; this is an indifferent road and stated to he hardly practicable now (if at all so) for artillery. Ten miles farther on, or 19 from Bean's Station, is Powder Spring Gap, through which is another and practicable road. Five miles from Powder Spring Gap, or 24 from Bean's Station, is Blain's Cross-Roads, where Barton's command should be placed.

Barton should be instructed to report to these headquarters immediately upon his arrival at Blain's Cross-Roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 20, 1862.

Captain W. P. OWEN,

Commanding Cavalry Company:

CAPTAIN: Your report* of skirmish with the enemy and capture of prisoners, dated yesterday, has been received. It having been stated to the commanding general that you had quit Maynardville, and no report having been from you, a note was last evening addressed to you upon the subject. It now ;appears that you had gone out to feel the enemy, which was right, and the major-general commanding directs me to say that if you always act with such promptness and energy you will soon achieve a reputation for yourself.

A wagon train with supplies was sent up to maynardville yesterday. If the point of which you speak is more suitable for a depot you are authorized to place the stores at that place.

Major Harper's command of cavalry will be at Maynardville to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

---------------

*Not found .

---------------

