
it absolutely necessary, in the opinion of the President, for you immediately to detach 25,000 of your force and forward it by the nearest and quickest route by way of Baltimore and Washington to Richmond. It is believed that the quickest route would be by way of Columbus, Ky., and up the Ohio River. But in detaching your force the President directs that it be done in such way as to enable you to hold ground and not interfere with the movement against Chattanooga and East Tennessee. This condition being observed, the force to be detached and the routes they are to be sent is left to your own judgment.

The direction to send these forces immediately is rendered imperative by a serious reverse suffered by General McClellan before Richmond yesterday, the full extent of which is not yet known.

You will acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, stating the day and hour it is received, and inform me what your action will be, so that we may take measures to aid in river and railroad transportation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Athens, June 28, 1862.

Captain SINTON,

C. S.:

Turn over the stores in your train to General Nelson's division or to the depot in Athens, as he may deem best. Then put the train in charge of Captain Gaubert, who is now with General Crittenden's division, but who is ordered to haul supplies from Reynolds' Station to Athens with his own train and with the one you now have also. Remain in Athens until further orders, and see to receiving and forwarding of subsistence stores. Your stay at this point may be only temporary, as final arrangements are not yet made. Inform yourself in relation to the condition of the subsistence department at this point and report to Captain Darr at headquarters, Huntsville, and you will receive further instructions. Assist Captain Gaubert with his trains until he gets them to working on this line.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Athens, June 28, 1862.

Colonel [JESSE S.] NORTON,

Commanding in Athens:

General Buell directs that you see to the departure of the wagon trains from this place to Reynolds' Station to haul supplies and that the trains are properly fitted up and escorted; and, in short, to take a general control of the matter. General Nelson, who is ordered to halt his division 3 miles west of town, has directions to furnish two battalions of cavalry to escort trains, and you must call for them when wanted. Captain Gaubert, quartermaster, will have about 160 or 170 wagons to start up in a few days. See that a battalion goes with them, and have them furnished with facilities for shoeing mules, repairing wagons, &amp;c.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

