
KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 22, 1862.

Major HARPER,

Commanding Cavalry, Maynardville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: The enemy were reported to be in force at Tazewell last night, and the major-general commanding directs that you keep your command vigilant and send out pickets in that direction, promptly reporting to these headquarters any information you may get. He has made preparations to meet them in their advance.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

E. WALWORTH,

Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 32, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

(Care Captain Willis, Morristown, Tenn.:)

GENERAL: General Taylor leaves here at to-morrow morning for blain's Cross-Roads. General Reynolds leaves Loudon at daylight to-morrow morning by rail; he leaves the railroad at McMillan's Station, 10 miles above here, and ought to reach Blain's Cross-Roads to-morrow evening. Two thousand infantry leave Chattanooga to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock; they can be placed at New Market Tuesday morning and march to Rutledge, so that if required near 10,000 infantry can be concentrated in the vicinity of Rutledge by tuesday evening. Keep me constantly informed as to the enemy's movements. I presume that you have drawn Barton to Rutledge or in supporting distance. Communicate with me by telegraph and send also duplicate information by courier on the road from Bean's Station here. Communicate with the several brigade commanders also. Should the enemy take the route to Maynardville new dispositions can be made. Have you sent cannoneers for the four pieces here?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 22, 1862.

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Blain's Cross-Roads:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Stevenson reports the enemy at Tazewell in full force last night, shoving indications of advancing upon the Morristown road. General Stevenson was directed to order you up to rutledge, where he supposes this will find you. Taylor marches to-morrow morning early for Blain's Cross-Roads. Reynolds, leaving Loudon also to-morrow morning and getting off the cars 10 miles from here, ought to reach Blain's about the same time as Taylor. Two thousand infantry leaving Chattanooga at 8 to-morrow morning can, if required, reach Rutledge tuesday evening from New Market, so that if the enemy force the passage of the Clinch Mountain at Bean's Station we can be in position near Rutledge with about 10,000 men on tuesday evening or Wednesday morning. Should be maneuver toward Maynardville our disposition can be taken accordingly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

