
KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 22, 1862.

Major J. L. MORGAN,

Chief Quartermaster, Morristown, Tenn.:

MAJOR: It is probable that from 10,000 to 12,000 men will be in the vicinity of Rutledge on Tuesday evening. Make disposition for throwing a supply of corn and provisions to that point form Morristown or New Market without delay.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 22, 1862.

Colonel A. W. REYNOLDS,

At Railroad Depot East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed to McMillan's Station, on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, where you will disembark you men and proceed as rapidly as possible to Blain's Cross-Roads, sending the train back to Knoxville. Ten wagons have been already sent to meet you at the station (McMillan's), 4 loaded with provisions, 2 with corn, and 4 empty, for camp equipage. Colonel Taylor's brigade will meet you at Blain's Cross-Roads this afternoon. When it arrives you will detail 1 commissioned officer and 20 men from Captain Alexander's company of cavalry, now with that brigade, and keep them with you for duty at our headquarters. General Stevenson is at clinch Mountain. General Barton has been ordered up within supporting distance at Rutledge, Colonel Mountain. General Barton has been ordered up within supporting distance at Rutledge, Colonel Taylor's brigade and your own remaining at Blain's Cross-Roads. Orders will be sent you from these headquarters, but should orders be received by you from General Stevenson to support him you will execute them immediately.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, MISS., June 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Halleck has divided his army. Buell is now crossing Tennessee at Tuscumbia, going east, with 25, 000; three or four divisions sent to Grand Junction and toward Memphis, and threaten line Mississippi Central Railroad. I have sent strong corps to Oxford with orders to co-operate with General Van Dorn. This army is rapidly improving in health and spirits. Is should strike enemy's center as soon as possible. Limited transportation presents bar to movement, but I am hopeful. Cannot Kirby Smith be most efficiently aided from Georgia?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, VA., June 23, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Tupelo, Miss.:

Have you not received the President's telegram assigning you permanently to the command of the department? You have full authority

