
to attempt the movement you indicate or any other which in your judgment promise success. We have re-enforced the forces at Chattanooga from Georgia as rapidly as we could arm the troops, and have more men than we can arm. General Smith is still in great need of re-enforcements. Six of his regiments were sent to Corinth and never returned to him. Aid him if you can.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The enemy have pushed their advance to Tazewell. General Bragg telegraphs me from Tupelo, date yesterday, thus:

I propose soon to assume offensive, with hope of success. Will want every man. Have the President to send you aid from Savannah.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS H. TAYLOR, on March:

COLONEL: The following is just received from General Barton:

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS - 6 a. m.

I am just leaving camp; will reach Rutledge by 12 m. General Stevenson reports the enemy endeavoring to turn his flanks and urges haste.

The commanding general directs that you open all dispatches meeting you on the march, reseal after reading, indorse, and forward to headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Send up troops and remove obstructions from the road. Delay will then be short. Try and supply place of broken cars and push on the re-enforcements. The enemy are pressing us.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., JUNE 23, 1862.

Colonel J. W. STARNES:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you will move forward with your command to Maynardville with the least possible delay, and from that point you will throw forward your cavalry and keep back the cavalry of the enemy and prevent their foraging around

