
the country. You will make reports to these headquarters of all movements of the enemy, and also keep the commanding officer at Blain's Cross-Roads advised of all important movements. You will receive from Major Harper such instructions as were given him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1862.

Colonel J. W. STARNES, on March:

COLONEL: The instructions to Colonel Starnes are modified in so much as pertains to his proceeding to Maynardville. He will proceed to Blain's Cross-Roads, at which point he will communicate by courier with Major Harper at Maynardville, and govern himself by such orders or such information as he may receive.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

E. WALWORTH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. B. McLIN,

Commanding Cavalry, Lloyd's Cross-Roads, Tenn.:

COLONEL: No reports of your movements have yet been received at these headquarters. I wrote by courier yesterday p. m., giving you the substance of a report from Major Harper, in the vicinity of Maynardville. The major-general commanding directs me to reiterate the instructions already given you to keep your scouts well advanced, to watch closely the enemy in Powell's Valley as well as in other directions, and to report promptly everything of importance which transpires.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 23, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

General James Wood desires to be authorized to informs all citizens of East Tennessee now in the Federal Army and desirous of returning to their homes, with whom he can open communication, that upon taking the oath of allegiance to the Confederate Government and sending their names to your headquarters they will be exempted from enrollment as conscripts and that any arms which they may bring in will be paid for. I have instructed General Wood to communicate with you immediately, and you will authorize and carry out the proposed arrangement unless in your opinion obstacles exist which render it impossible.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

