
country of Hawkins and Hancock, as Colonel Starnes' command is from Middle Tennessee. If Captain Phipps' company of Partisan Rangers, from Hawkins Country, can be found he might be ordered to report to Colonel Starnes, as they could act as guides for him.

Respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Colonel Starnes is instructed that his movements will be governed by orders from Colonel Ashby, so that all cavalry can act together and work in unison.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 24, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, Bean's Station, Tenn.:

GENERAL: As instructed by the commanding general, I have the honor to say, in reply to your communication of yesterday, that Taylor has been ordered to halt his command at Powder Spring Gap. Reynolds will take his place at Blain's Cross-Roads. The arrangements for couriers and messengers and respecting the lines at Morristown are good. The provost-marshal has received instructions respecting stragglers from your command. Two field pieces, with equipments and horses complete, for Yeiser's command are to leave by this train for Morristown.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 24, 1862.

Colonel J. W. STARNES,

Commanding Regiment of Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you will move with your command via Bean's Station to Rogersville immediately. At Bean's Station you will report to General Stevenson for any instructions he may wish to give you. From Rogersville you will scout in Hawkins and Hancock Counties and toward Estillville. Watch the movements of the enemy at Cumberland Gap, drive back his detachments, prevent him from foraging in the Clinch Valley, and keep them within their lines as much as possible. You will report promptly to Colonel Ashby and General Stevenson any information you may receive, and your movements will be governed by orders form those officers, so that all the cavalry force will be acting in concert. You will find Captain Phipps' company of Partisans in Hawkins County. Direct him to attach him company to your command during your operations in that section. As your draw your supplies form the country you will not require train. You cannot operate successfully with wagons in that country. Send back all your wagons to Knoxville except two, which you can take to Rogersville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

45 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

