
report to the commanding officer at Blain's Cross-Roads, turn over the supplies, and return immediately with the wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: The enemy are collecting, as I have heretofore advised you, a large force for the invasion of East Tennessee. General Morgan with a large command holds the passes of the Cumberland Mountains, and General Buell is reported advancing with a column from Corinth up the Tennessee Valley to co-operate with General Mitchel. My force is not sufficient to defend this department against these two concerted invasions, and I request that you will place such regiments of infantry as you can command at some point on the Western and Atlantic Railroad convenient to Chattanooga subject to my orders. I have assurance from the War Department that arms will be immediately forwarded to me, which will enable me to bring the troops you amy place at my disposal promptly in the field to resist every demonstration that may threaten Chattanooga, the key to Northern Georgia.

Hoping to have your favorable response at an early day, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1862.

Colonel E. P. WATKINS,

Commanding Georgia Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that you will hold your brigade, composed of your own and Colonel Johnson's regiments, in readiness, with one day's cooked rations, to proceed by railroad to-morrow morning at 7.30 o'clock. You will have your command at the depot precisely at that hour. Wagons will be at your camp at 6 a. m. to transport the baggage of your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, June 25, 1862.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Brigadier-General Heth has been ordered to report to you for duty at Chattanooga and I hope is en route. I esteem him very highly and am sure he will meet your requirements. Re-enforcements to a larger extent than the number named by you have been ordered to Chattanooga, and I will endeavor still further to increase your command.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

