
PITTSBURG, June 28, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

General Halleck forbids me to send any wagons from here to Eastport, as they are all actually occupied here. He says you must look out for yourself.

The 100 wagons of General Thomas cannot transport to Iuka all of the stores at Eastport in less than a month.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, Ala., June 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

If, as I hear, the promotion of Colonel Turchin is contemplated I feel it my duty to inform you that he is entirely unfit for it. I placed him in command of a brigade, and I now find it necessary to relieve him from it in consequence of his utter failure to enforce discipline and render it efficient.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, Ala., June 29, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

I arrived here yesterday afternoon, and am engaged in preparations for advancing, the principal of which is the means of crossing.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, June 29, 1862.

Colonel McCOOK,

Commanding Second Indiana Cavalry:

In addition to the command of the post at Reynolds' you are charged with the general superintendence of the wagon transportation of army supplies between the railroad termini at Reynolds' and Elk River. Let the supplies but pushed forward to Elk River and accumulate there and not at Reynolds'. At Elk River you will find Captain Smith, quartermaster, and Captain Sinton, commissary. Captain Gaubert, quartermaster, is in charge of about 200 wagons, and you can make such use of him in this connection as the good of the service requires. The wagons should not be allowed to rest or delay at Elk River, but should do all their laying over at Reynolds' and thus avoid hauling forage for their own consumption any more than is necessary. Try and have some shoeing and repairing apparatus fixed at Reynolds' and put the teams in order as you get a chance. This route will probably not be used for more than ten days longer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

