
Troops in the Department of East Tennessee, &amp;c.-Continued.

Post of Chattanooga.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER.

46th Alabama, Colonel M. L. Woods.

1st Florida Cavalry, Colonel W. G. M. Davis.

7th Florida, Colonel M. S. Perry.

56th Georgia, Colonel E. P. Watkins.

59th [34th] Georgia, Colonel J. A. W. Johnson.

Holmes' company, Captain J. R. Holmes.

Jackson Artillery, Captain George A. Dure.

Lookout Artillery, capt. R. L. Barry.

Leutz's cavalry, Captain B. W. Leutz.

Sappers and Miners, Captain G. R. Margrave.

Unattached.

31st Alabama, Colonel D. R. Hundley.

6th Florida, Colonel J. J. Finley.

39th North Carolina, Colonel David Coleman.

43rd Tennessee Colonel J. W. Gillespie.

59th Tennessee,* Colonel J. B. Cooke.

3rd Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel J. W. Starnes Tennessee Cavalry Battalion,+ Lieutenant Colonel James R. Howard.

Tennessee Cavalry Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Spiller.

Greer's cavalry company, Captain W. S. Greer.

Mabry Artillery, Captain W. C. Kain.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. L. EAKIN, Strawberry Plains; Captain WILLIAM H. THOMAS, Strawberry Plains; Captain W. C. KAIN, Loudon:

Information has just been received from Wallace's Cross-Roads to the effect tht a plan is being secretly formed to burn the bridges at Loudon and Strawberry Plains. It is said Federal soldiers dressed in citizens' clothes have been seen concerning with Union tories, who act as spies and guides and are busy in collecting their friends about those bridges to burn them. The major-general commanding directs that you will be doubly vigilant in your guard over the bridge and watchful of everything that transpires in the vicinity and use every effort to detect the persons engaged in this plot. Should you succeed you will promptly arrest them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 2, 1862.

Major A. R. HARPER,

Commanding Cavalry, Maynardville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to express his gratification at the promptness, zeal, and gallantry of the officers and men of your command in the pursuit and engagement of the enemy beyond Powell's River, on the 30th ultimo. Before crossing the river it would have been better if a reconnaissance had been made by the detail of a few men, whose report would have enabled you to act with accurate information of the position and force of the enemy. To cross a river with the entire force in the face of the enemy is always hazardous, and the major-general commanding congratulates you upon the boldness of your attack, the success attending it, and the skill with which you withdrew your men form a difficult position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY.

---------------

* Two companies attached to Second Brigade.

+ Composed of Alabama and Tennessee troops.

---------------

