
as chief of engineers, and will report to you. It would be well, the commanding general thinks, to give him the general supervision and control of the artillery of your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 2, 1862.

Captain W. C. KAIN,

Commanding Post, Loudon, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: It is reported that the regiment of infantry which threatened Loudon Bridge a short time since retired to strengthen itself, and will return with a like object in view before many days. The commanding general directs that you will redouble your vigilance, send out cavalry pickets, and throw up palisades of cross-ties, &amp;c., on the west side of the river. Secure on the east side of the river all the boats in the vicinity of Loudon, where, if necessary, you can have them guarded, and take every precaution necessary to prevent surprise in the event an attack is made. The detachment of the Thirty-ninth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, now at Charleston, has been ordered to Loudon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Atlanta, Montgomery, and Mobile:

Major-General Smith directs me to ask if Major-General McCown, with his division, has passed your post en route for Chattanooga. Please give him this telegraph, that he may know there is great need of the presence of his troops at Chattanooga now, and that he may push through with all possible dispatch.

J. A. BROWN,

Major and Chief of Ordnance, Department of East Tennessee.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Leadbetter telegraphed yesterday that the enemy are prepared to cross the Tennessee River at Alley's Ferry, about 20 miles above Chattanooga, with pontoons for two bridges. Their artillery is in position to protect their crossing at two points. Their attack may be daily looked for. General Heth arrived at Chattanooga yesterday. Re-enforcements from Bragg's army are en route, but have not arrived. I have directed the enemy to be held in check through mountain approaches, to give time for arrival of re-enforcements.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

