HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, June 29, 1862.

J. B. TEMPLE,

Esq., Frankfort, Ky.:

I have received your dispatch in regard to General Boyle.

Some time ago I ventured to express the hope that the civil authorities of Kentucky would desire some plan by which any attempt to run disunion candidates at your August election would be prevented.

If that subject has received the attention of the civil authorities I will be obliged to you if you will inform me whether General Boyle is co-operating with them in it, and in what manner the military can be useful in furthering an object so desirable.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, Ala., June 29, 1862.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENE,

Nashville:

Following special order published here to-day:

Colonel L. D. Campbell and his regiment (the Sixty-ninth Ohio) will at once relieve Colonel Stanley Matthews and his regiment (Fifty-first Ohio) as provost-marshal and provost guard at Nashville. Colonel Matthews will immediately prepare his regiment for the field.

Make this known to the parties and let them act on it. How do Colonel Stanley Matthews (Fifty-first Ohio) and Colonel Stanley (Eighteenth Ohio) rank?

JAMES B. FRY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, Ala., June 29, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL,

Commanding Third Division:

I am directed by the general commanding to say that two companies of the Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Munday, have been ordered temporarily to Reynolds' Station and two to Elk River. The telegraph operator at Pulaski is ordered to take his office to Reynolds' Station and open there for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WRIGHT,]

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, June 29, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL,

Commanding Third Division:

General Buell desires to know whether any formal reports have been made to you of unauthorized or improper conduct on the part of Colonel Turchin and the troops of his command at Athens, Ala., or elsewhere. If so you will please forward them, with such remarks as you may deem proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

