
that Buell and Mitchel are moving to Washington. I have information that bodies of troops are passing through Nashville on the Louisville road.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 5, 1862.

Captain W. C. KAIN,

Commanding, Loudon, Tenn.:

Forward the following dispatch to commanding officer at Kingston, with instructions to send it immediately to Colonel Morgan:

Colonel JOHN H. MORGAN:

Federal troops in large numbers are reported passing by rail through Nashville to Kentucky. It may be re-enforcements for McClellan. If you verify this you will do great good by burning their line of transportation.

H. L. CLAY.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 5, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Forces, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

If there is a sufficient force of cavalry to form two command under Scott and Forrest, co-operating together and acting on different routed, organize them, after retaining such force as you may require, and push the expedition off without delay. If impracticable to organize two commands, Colonel Scot, as senior officer, must command. It is all-important that prompt verification of reported evacuation of Tennessee by the enemy should be had.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 6, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Division, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Send Colonel Scott's regiment of cavalry to Kingston immediately. Let him report his arrival to these headquarters and await orders at that point. Push preparations in Colonel Wharton's and Colonel Lawton's regiments. they will go to Middle Tennessee under Colonel Forrest. If Colonel Forrest desires it he is authorized to take with him the squadron of Kentucky cavalry which is for the war. The rest of the Kentucky cavalry will remain at Chattanooga.

W. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 6, 1862.

Colonel J. J. MORRISON,

Commanding Regiment Cavalry, Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: You will put your regiment in marching order without delay. Complete your preparations, and on the arrival of Major Harper,

