
KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 8, 1862.

Colonel A. W. REYNOLDS, Fourth Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that your communication of the 7th instant is received. He does not consider it expedient at the present time to commence a destructive and devastating system of warfare. Such supplies as you do not need for your command and cannot conveniently remove had better be left in the country where he will need everything the country can afford for the support of our troops. He further directs me to say that he hopes the same forbearance which he has heretofore urged will be observed toward citizens and their property, as he has in no manner changed his policy in that particular.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 10, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Division, Bean's Station:

GENERAL: Major-General Smith left this morning for Montvale Springs to recruit his strength. He will be absent a few days. He directed me to day, in response to your communicated will depend altogether upon the state of affairs at Chattanooga. General Heth telegraphs that Buell's army, numbering 30,000 men, is concentrating between Huntsville and Bridgeport. Subsequent information derived from officers direct from Huntsville confirms intelligence of the movement. The dispatch from General Morgan, United Stated Army, is received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 10, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, Tupelo, Miss.:

General Heth, at Chattanooga, telegraphs that Buell's army, numbering near 30,000, is concentrating between Huntsville and Bridgeport. Fifteen hundred prisoners paroled by General Beauregard have passed through Nashville, but I cannot verify the report that the Federal Army is passing through that place.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., July 11, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that upon receiving your order to move my infantry to Chattanooga I immediately applied for transportation, and was informed tht some days must elapse before it could

