
be had, as the railroad was preoccupied by troops moving from Mississippi to that point. I urged dispatch, and the very next day after being notified that transportation could be had I proceeded to arrange for my infantry to move. In the meanwhile our dispatch to Governor Shorter, instructing me through that functionary to report to General Shorter, instructing me through that functionary to report to General Kirby Smith and apply for arms for the Legion, was communicated to me, and I forthwith telegraphed that officer for orders. He replied, ordering my entire command to Atlanta, Ga., to await further orders. I have now the honor to report that my entire infantry and nearly my whole cavalry are at Atlanta, waiting further orders form General Kirby Smith. I am about to move my artillery to that point, and shall proceed immediately myself to take command of the entire Legion. I am happy to report to you a decided improvement in the health of my command, and to state that arms will be supplied to us at Atlanta; for sixty days I have energetically sought to obtain them without success. In the course of two weeks more I am confident of being able to take to the field 3,000 troops of the most effective kind. I beg you to believe that I shall do everything within my power to make my command serviceable to the country, and I must thank you for your kind and prompt attention to my wishes in regard to its organization.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. HILLIARD.

[Indorsement.]

Inform him that General E. K. Smith informed the Department that no arms were needed but those called for by himself, and that his requisitions have been filled.

G. W. R.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 11, 1862.

Major A. LAWTON, Commanding Post, Atlanta, Ga.:

Send Hilliard's Legion to Chattanooga to report to Major-General McCown.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTVALE, TENN., July 14, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I inclose you the Knoxville Register of the 13th. The two articles marked in pencil, if you can spare the time, I wish you would read. The accompanying letter* I have just sent to the editor of the Register, with the request that he publish it in the next edition of his paper. This is the first, and I hope the last, time I shall be forced to appear in the columns of a paper. I cannot discover that any troops have passed through Nashville on their way north. Buell's corps is massed between Huntsville and Chattanooga. Morgan hugs the Cumberland Mountains close, and gives no opportunity for an attack. He will not move from the mountain fastness, except in

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

