
KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 20, 1862.

Colonel W. G. M. DAVIS, Commanding, Loudon, Tenn.:

Keep your command ready for service at any moment, with three days' cooked rations. Send the battery of your brigade on to Knoxville without moving it from the cars.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 20, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Blain's Cross-Roads, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to send you the following copy of a telegram received to-day from General Barton, at Bean's Station:

Major CLAY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy's advance engaged Ashby's pickets at Jones' Station at 11 a. m., slowly driving them in. Ashby is ready for them at Clinch River. Am pressed. Will advise you of my movement.

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

The commanding general further directs me to say that he thinks you should draw-in the Fourth and Fifth Brigades before they become involved in Powell's Valley. General McCown telegraphs from Chattanooga to-night that Buell is prepared to attack him. Morgan's movement may be in co-operation with him. If he (Morgan) is advancing in force concentrate your brigades, let him involve himself in the march, and then we can give him battle with a good prospect of success. He further says that in case General Morgan's movement proves a serious affair he will order up the Florida regiment, now at Loudon, to this place, whence it can be sent with the troops here to the point where they may be most needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Tupelo, Miss.:

Buell has completed his preparations, is prepared to cross near Bridgeport, and his passage there may be hourly expected. General Morgan's command moving on Knoxville from Cumberland Gap. Your co-operation is much needed. It is your time to strike at Middle Tennessee.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

On the 19th instant I telegraphed General Bragg as follows:

Buell with his whole force is opposite Chattanooga, which he is momentarily expected

