
to attack. If possible hasten your movement on East Tennessee. The successful holding of Chattanooga depends upon your co-operation.

He answers me on the 20th instant:

I am confronted by a largely superior force, strongly fortified, and menaced on my left. Curtis has reached the Mississippi at Helena.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,No. 4. Tupelo, Miss., July 21, 1862.

I. The Army of the Mississippi, Major-General Hardee commanding, will be transferred with the least delay practicable to Chattanooga, Tenn., in the following order and manner:*

1st. The artillery, cavalry, engineer, pioneer, and wagon trains will move via Aberdeen, Columbus, Miss., Tuscaloosa, through Will's Valley to Gadsden, Ala., and Rome, Ga. The batteries may be sent by rail from Randolph via Talladega, the horses by the ordinary roads, meeting the batteries at the terminus of the railroad.

2d. The regiment of Louisiana infantry will march with the trains as an escort.

3d. Cheatham's, Withers', and Jones' divisions will be dispatched by rail via Mobile in the order named, Wood's division will move in accordance with instructions to be hereafter given; meantime it will be held in readiness.

4th. The several chiefs of staff departments of the forces will take measures to carry out these movements.

5th. Commanders especially and officers of all grades are earnestly called on to enforce discipline, secure good order, and prevent straggling. No delays must occur by the wayside from tardiness on the part of the troops. The high reputation this army had made for itself must not be sacrificed for petty personal gratifications; its efficiency must be preserved in order that it may strike the enemy effectively and decisively in the impending campaign.

II. Major-General Price, commanding Army of the West, will assume command of all troops in the State of Mississippi not included in the Districts of the Mississippi and of the Gulf. He will be charged with all operations within the prescribed limits and Northwest Alabama. This command will be known as the District of the Tennessee.

III. The available infantry force now at Mobile and Pollard will be thrown forward to Chattanooga with all possible dispatch. They will be replaced by a part of Jones' division, Army of the Mississippi.*

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Prepare for large re-enforcements to your command at Chattanooga. They are already en route from Mobile and will rapidly arrive.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Modified by Special Orders, No. 6, July 23, p.733.

---------------

