
KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Re-enforcements having greatly increased the army in this department it has been organized into two divisions, under Brigadier-Generals Heth and Stevenson. Including General McCown's division of two brigades, recently arrived from the Army of the Mississippi, there are eleven brigades serving in the department. Only two of these brigades (Leadbetter's and Barton's) are commanded by brigadier-generals. To complete the organization and increase the efficiency of the command the colonels commanding brigades should be promoted or appointments made to their commands. Should any new appointments be made for this command I would most respectfully recommend to the Executive Lieutenant Colonel Edward D. Tracy, of the Nineteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, and my assistant adjutant-general, Major H. L. Clay. Upright, intelligent, and accomplished, Colonel Tracy, by his services at Manassas and Shiloh, ha attested his soldierly qualities. His integrity, his firmness and decision of character, and the untiring zeal with which he has discharged the laborious duties of his office recommend Major Clay for promotion.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,No. 6. Tupelo, Miss., July 23, 1862.

* * * * * * *

So much of paragraph III, Special Orders, No. 4, Headquarters of the Forces, July 21, 1862, as relates to Jones' division is revoked, and Major-General Hardee will detach from his command the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Regiments Alabama and the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers to form part of the garrison of the defenses of Mobile, and to report to the commanding general of the District of the Gulf.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 24, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Division, Bean's Station, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inclose to you the following copy of a dispatch just received from Colonel John H. Morgan:

GEORGETOWN, KY., July 16, 1862.

General SMITH:

I am here with a force sufficient to hold all the country outside of Lexington and Frankfort. These places are garrisoned chiefly with Home Guards. The bridges between Cincinnati and Lexington have been destroyed. The whole country can be

