
supplying their places by Bragg's troops. Telegraph any information you receive of the enemy's movements, and whether the president of the railroad shall be directed to send transportation for your troops immediately to Chattanooga.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 28, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Bean's Station, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that General James Wood, of Georgia, who was sent to him by the President, has just returned from General Morgan's command. Together with other information he gives the following as the strength of the Tennessee regiments in his army: Johnson's, 160; Shelley's, 500; Cooper's, 310; Houk's, 650. These regiments constitute General Spears' brigade Byrd's regiment, 900; Carter's 700. He says that on Friday, the 25th, General Spears' command was to have started toward Clinton; object unknown to him, but supposed to be a foraging expedition. The general directs that you be on the lookout, and if possible force them in and prevent their foraging. If there are indications of a general movement, or any attempt to form a junction with General Buell, you will make every possible arrangement to intercept them. General Wood will return to General Morgan's camp in a few days. He will go vie Bean's Station and have a personal interview with you.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 28, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Commanding, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Move Churchill's division to Loudon. Let the others remain until Buell's movement is developed.

By command of Major-General Smith:

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 28, 1862. - For Beauregard to Bragg, see Part I, p.711.*]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., July 28, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Bean's Station:

GENERAL: The commanding general has just returned to this point from Chattanooga, and directs me to say to you the Army of the Mississippi

---------------

* Copy of this dispatch was captured by Union scouts at Glasgow, Ky., September 18, 1862. (See Fry to Kelton, September 25, 1862,p.543; also Beauregard to Cooper, September 5; Beauregard to Jones, October 24, and Jones to Beauregard, November 5, post.)

---------------

