
is arriving at Chattanooga; two or three brigades had arrived yesterday (27th); General Bragg comes in person. The offensive will be assumed immediately on the arrival of the whole of his forces. Complete the arrangements from the mobilization of your command so that when the offensive is assumed there will be no delay. The general returns to Chattanooga to-morrow.

Can you employ a signal corps now? If so, would you like for a detachment to be sent up to you? If they are sent you will detail a lieutenant to be instructed in the alphabet, who will act as signal officer of your division.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 28, 1862.

Colonel JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c., at or near Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you remain with your command at Kingston until further orders. If before receiving this you should have passed Kingston on your march to this place you will immediately return, reporting your arrival there to these headquarters by letter. Buell is reported advancing up the Sequatchie Valley in force. This information has been imparted to General Forrest and Colonel Scott. You will of course watch closely their movements, and report promptly everything important that may transpire.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., July 29, 1862.

Colonel J. J. MORRISON,

Commanding First Georgia Cavalry, Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you will select 300 good men, well mounted and with efficient officers, and, placing them infer command of Major Harper, send them to Clinton with as little delay as possible. They will be provided with rations for four days and a full supply of ammunition. If your own regiment cannot furnish a sufficient number of effective men you are authorized cannot furnish a sufficient number of effective men you are authorized to call upon any other cavalry at Kingston. You will report by return courier when the detachment will leave Kingston and at what time it will reach Clinton, at which last place Major Harper will find orders awaiting him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., July 30, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: While in Richmond and since, I urged upon your consideration the propriety of ordering the Tennessee regiments now in service in

