
Virginia to this State. The wishes of the regiment harmonized with my own views of policy. The reasons then presented have heathered additional force. An effort for the recovery of Middle Tennessee is now, as you are advised, upon the eve of being made by General Bragg. It so happens that all these regiments are from that portion of the State, while tow of them are from counties on the line of march from here to Nashville; and hence it is confidently believed that were these regiments here they would in a short time be recruited by voluntary enlistment to their full strength. The ties and association of friendship and locality would induce this result. I need not present to you the washes of these commands further than to say whatever promoted the cheerfulness of the man increases the efficiency of the soldier. But, aside from the wishes of these regiments and their friends at home, i may be permitted to say that their discipline and soldierly bearing among the raw, who will soon fill our army, will be worth much. Their presence among our people will give confidence, faith, and hope to those who, in the oppression of the Federalists, have desponded of our success, and in addition will be by them taken and esteemed a marked token of remembrance upon the part of the Confederate Government.

Since submitting this matter to you I learn that General Lee is debating the propriety of consolidating these regiments into one. I beg leave, with every confidence in the ability, justice, and patriotism of regiments were among the first to volunteer in behalf of Southern independence - one in fact prior to any action upon the part of the State, and it would be unjust to them in dismissing a number of worthy officers, destroying the esprit de corps, sinking the independence of the man, and working detrimentally upon the whole command. the mortification of the command in consequence of such an order would be shared by the people of the State, who feel some degree of pride in the continuance of these organizations, which have won character for themselves and State. It is unfortunate for the officers and men that they cannot muster their original strength. The battle-fields and burial grounds of your State furnish one reason and the occupation of their homes by the enemy another. They desire not to lose their identity, but to recover their homes, recruit their strength, and thus successfully aid the struggle in which we are all involved. I am sure my motive will not be questioned when I renew the request for their removal to Tennessee. It is believed their place may well be supplied without detriment to the public service.

I am, with high respect, yours, truly,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[Indorsement.]

Inform him that it is impossible to detach troops from the army here, an the enemy are moving in greatly superior force. He has been [written] to on the subject of these regiments, and has probably received the communication are this.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., July 31, 1862.

Colonel J. GORDAS:

General Bragg ordered to establish a depot of ordnance and ordnance stores at Dalton, Ga., where supplies should be deposited for 60,000 infantry, 5,000 cavalry, and 100 pieces of field artillery.

At present the

