
army of Tupelo is supplied with 100 rounds each man of infantry and 200 rounds each piece of field artillery. Besides that I ordered to sent from Tupelo 1,342,000 or small-arm cartridges and 50 rounds of ammunition (fixed for field pieces) each. The supplies at different arsenals and depots in Department No. 2, considering demands of armies at Mobile, Vicksburg, &amp;c., is limited, and the deficiency of lead does not permit more rapid fabrication of cartridges. If 34,000 pounds of lead recently purchased at Mobile I was ordered to send 5,000 pounds to General Holmes, 16,000 to Captain Wright, Atlanta Arsenal, and the balance equally divided to major Chambliss and Captain White. It is impossible yet to make full report of necessities at this point, but in a few days I will be able to transmit it to you. I respectfully request that at lest 4,000 muskets be sent to this place. The army is increasing, and the arms out of order should be replaced, as it is impossible to repair them as fast as they are injured. Some gun-carriages, implements, and harness it will be necessary in a very few month's to replace by new, and if the campaign will be prolonged till next spring all accouterments now in hands of troops will be nearly unserviceable.

Respectfully,

H. OLADOWSKI.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,Chattanooga, Tenn., August 1, 1862.

S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In pursuance of my purpose and plan of operations, reported form Tupelo, I reached here on the morning of the 30th ultimo. The troops are coming on as rapidly as the railways can carry them.

Major General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Department of East Tennessee, met me here yesterday by appointment, and we have arranged measures for mutual support and effective co-operation. as some ten days of two weeks must elapse before my means of transportation will reach here to such extent as to enable me to take the field with my main force it has been determined that General Smith shall move at once against General Morgan, in front of Cumberland Gap. Should he be successful, and our well-grounded hopes be fulfilled, our entire force will then be thrown into Middle Tennessee with the fairest prospect of cutting off General Buell, should that commander continue in his present position. Should he be re-enforced meantime from the west side of the Tennessee river, so as to cope with us, then Van Dorn and Price can strike and clear West Tennessee of any force that can be left to hold it.

Our cavalry forces thrown out from Tupelo are harassing the enemy successfully in that region, and I trust will hold him in check until we can drive his forces from Middle Tennessee.

The feeling in Middle Tennessee and Kentucky is represented by Forrest and Morgan to have become intensely hostile to the enemy, and nothing is wanted but arms and support to bring the people into our ranks, for they have found that neutrality has afforded them no protection.

Both Buell at Bridgeport and Morgan at Cumberland gap are now and have been for some days on short rations, owing to the exhaustion of the country and our interruption of the railroads in their rear, which leave them without adequate means of transportation.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[BRAXTON BRAGG,]

General, Commanding.

