
this might seem an unjustifiable intrusion but for your letter of the 24th ultimo, received by me in Montgomery, inviting me to make the move I was then executing. The general order in question, which was duly received on the 6th instant, defines the eastern boundary of my department very differently form my previous instructions, copies of which are herewith. Under these I acted, and should feel much embarrassed in my present position but for the cordial manner in which you have offered co-operation, and indeed placed your command at my disposition. Neither of us have any other object than the success of our cause. I am satisfied no misunderstanding can occur form necessary union of our forces.

Respectfully and truly, general, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 8, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th instant, but the incomplete map spoken of has not come to hand. The general expects to receive it on the arrival of Colonel Carter. Colonel Hilliard has been ordered to report to you with his brigade. He will leave Knoxville to-morrow to join you, proceeding via Maynardville. At this point (Maynardville) you will have guides to point out the positions you wish him to occupy in Big Valley. Further, I am instructed to say that the telegraphic operator has not yet reported at these headquarters; that the commanding general directs that you keep with you all such cavalry as you will need when the troops have closed in on the Gap, but such other cavalry as will not then be needed by you, together with Starnes' regiment Tennessee cavalry and Huwald's howitzer battery, he wishes to be sent without delay either to Rogers' Gap or Clinton, as may be ordered. The commanding general also directs me to say that, being about to carry into effect the arrangements lately discussed with you, he would like to meet you if possible within the next four days at some convenient point on the railroad for consultation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

No. 109. Chattanooga, August 8, 1862.

I. Until otherwise ordered the forces in this department, when taken the field, will be provided with the following means of transportation: One wagon for cooking utensils, &amp;c., for 100 men; 1 wagon for extra ammunition for 100 men; 1 wagon for each regimental headquarters; 1 ambulance or light two-horse for 300 men; 1 wagon each for brigade and division headquarters; 2 wagons headquarters amy corps.

Camp equipage. - One tent to each regiment for medical department; 1 tent to each regimental headquarters; 2 tents to each brigade headquarters; 2 tents to each division headquarters; 6 tent-flies for every 100 men.

