
Ammunition. - One hundred rounds of ammunition of proper description for all small-arms, a full supply for the artillery, and 100 rounds for infantry and 50 rounds for the artillery extra, to be transported by the ordnance train.

II. All surplus wagons and teams and other means of transportation not prescribed in the first paragraph of these orders will be turned in immediately to the quartermaster's department.

III. All surplus tents will be transferred to the division quartermaster's, to be turned in to the nearest depot quartermaster, or for disposition by the chief quartermaster of the forces.

IV. Division and brigade commanders will be held responsible for the prompt and faithful execution of the foregoing orders. They will have a thorough inspection made before taking the field of every regiment, company, and man, to see that these and previous orders fixing the marching outfit of officers and soldiers are complied with.

V. All quartermasters will be required on the march to remain habitually with the rear of their trains, unless specially detached, moving promptly along to the front whenever the train is interrupted, to ascertain and correct the difficulty, if in their trains.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 9, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade, Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you tat in consequence of the movements of the enemy in and around McMinnville it becomes necessary to detach Colonel Wharton's regiment from your brigade, and you will therefore order it to report without delay to Brigadier General N. B. Forrest, at Roddy, Tenn. He directs me further to say that your own regiment and that of Colonel Morrison will accompany you on your proposed expedition, and will be joined on the other side of the mountain by Colonel J. W. Starnes with his regiment of cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 9, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th instant, addressed to Major Clay. The major-general commanding congratulates you and your command upon your success in the engagement with the enemy on the 6th instant, and instructs me to say that the good conduct displayed on that occasion was only what he had reason to except form troops in the state of discipline to which you had brought them. The commanding general approves of the exchanges of prisoners, both political and military, you proposed to make, and which you will effect as son as practicable. Hilliard's command will not be able to move this morning, as was ordered yesterday, but will march to-morrow. It is about 1,200 strong and has a fine battery of artillery (six pieces). The commanding general directs me

