
and instructive, and corresponds with all my information form other sources. From my present information there seems to be no danger from the movement of General Nelson now as far as you fear, and the return of General Forrest, which I am glad to hear from him you have directed, will hold him in check or keep me advised. A portion of my cavalry ought soon to be in, when Forrest will be re-enforced, so as to harass Nelson out of all idea of advancing. Should danger threaten us there, however, I will promptly throw forward a sufficient force.

It will be a week yet before I can commence crossing the river, and information I hope to receive will determine which route I shall take, to Nashville or Lexington. My inclination is now for the latter.

Expedite your movements by all means in your power, especially the cavalry, so as to cut off Morgan's supplies at the earliest moment. Humphrey Marshall should also get in motion immediately. In this connection I will say that your request for troops at the Hiwassee Bridge was promptly complied with and the order given immediately. I have sent to know why they have not moved. It may be for want of transportation, which is very limited on that road and has been entirely occupied by your movements.

It would be unadvisable, I think, for you to move far into Kentucky, leaving Morgan in your rear, until I am able to fully engage Buell and his forces on your left. but I do not credit the amount of Morgan's supplies and have confidence in his timidity. When once well on the way to his rear you might safely leave but 5,000 in his front, and by a flank movement draw the rest to your assistance. He will never advance to escape.

Van Dorn and Price will advance simultaneously with us from Mississippi on West Tennessee, and I trust we may all unite in Ohio.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Atlanta, Ga., August 10, 1862.

Captain R. M. CUYLER, Commanding Arsenal, Macon, Ga.:

SIR: Inclosed herewith I send requisition for ordnance stores for General Bragg's army. I have not been able to learn form his ordnance officer the wants of the army, but as I am directed to provide for same, and have an intimation of their wants form past experience, I desire to be prepared for any emergency.

About 40,000 men of Bragg's army had passed through up to last night. there were 15, 000 at Chattanooga before, and Bragg's entire cavalry and artillery force sent overland, so you can form an idea of strength of the army. I have to supply in addition Smith's army, at least 25,000 strong, at Knoxville. If the ammunition should not be need I can turn it over to Augusta. The great point now is to prepare for immediate wants. The supply for Augusta was designed as a reserve.

I have now my new laboratories ready. can work 125 boys, and will be able to turn out 75,000 rounds per day if lead is supplied me. If you are in want of anything like friction-primers, port-fires, &amp;c., we can supply you with an excellent article.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Captain Artillery, C. S. Army.

