
procure satisfactorily such a large amount of ordnance stores. I hope in and expect great help from you. With your facilities and resources you can assist me and win the gratitude of your needy country. It is probable the time to act upon or to acknowledge my letter of 3rd instant is insufficient, and maybe I am too hasty to trouble you again; but supplies for 60,000 infantry, 5,000 cavalry, and 100 pieces of field pieces are not so easy to collect, and my soldier-nature spurs me never to rest until I am satisfied and sure to obtain the demand required. My idea to prosecute this war is, never to rest, never to delay, from morning to night, and in the nights, whenever any business is to be transacted to-day. Better, far better to die from exhaustion in serving a just and right cause than to submit or to be overpowered, and I believe our prosperity and success are only in our energies and self-sacrifice; so I wish to pull strong and pull all together. I trust in God, but keep powder dry and plenty of it. So, my respected sir, send as fast and as soon as circumstances will permit ammunition for small-arms, accouterments, and equipments; small-arms, 3 and 3,3-inch 6-pounder Reed's rifled-gun projectiles, if any on hand, with cartridges for the same, port-fires, harness, artillery. The stores to be sent to ordnance officer at Dalton, Ga. Order to send me inventory of stores, as at present your supplies are different from those on the 13th ultimo.

Respectfully,

H. OLADOWSKI.

P. S.-Please order your clerk to spell my name properly.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 11, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

Mr. PRESIDENT: General Bragg's advance arrived at Chattanooga on July 24. Some two weeks yet must elapse before his movement to East Tennessee and the mobilization of his army will be perfected. In the mean time I shall operate against Morgan, and on Saturday night will cross the mountains in two columns. General Heth, with the subsistence train and artillery, moves by Big Creek Gap on Barboursville with 6,000 infantry. I shall move by Rogers' Gap on Cumberland Ford. General Morgan, with less than 7,000 effective, occupies Cumberland Gap. His position is impregnable, but he draws his supplies from the blue-grass region through 100 miles of a rough and exhausted country. On Saturday night General Stevenson, with his division, 9,000 strong, closely invests the Gap from the south. On Sunday my infantry column debouches at Cumberland Ford. Monday morning Heth should reach Barbousville, and 900 cavalry, with a battery of mountain howitzers, under Colonel Scott, leaves Kingston to-day and should strike Morgan's communications at London Sunday. Should my movements be comprehended by General Morgan he will probably fall back into Kentucky. My course is then to pursue rapidly and overwhelm him before he reaches the blue-grass region. Should my move on his communications be successful it becomes a question of supplies; if short of provisions he must starve or surrender. If I find he has abundant stores two plans present themselves-to invest his position regularly or to move into Kentucky. The latter is, in my mind, the true policy,

