
be moved to the Clinton road this afternoon, and posted in the position just vacated by General Churchill's division.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,No. 148. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 11, 1862.

I. The First Kentucky Cavalry and Captain Bacot's command, four companies Forrest's regiment, will move immediately by the most practicable route to join Brigadier-General Forrest on the Kingston and Sparta road, 20 miles west of the former, taking the Tennessee Valley road. They will carry a full supply of ammunition.

II. Martial law is hereby established within the corporate limits and environs of the town of AtlantA, Ga.

III. So much of paragraph I, Special Orders, No. 148, as relates to the First Kentucky Cavalry is revoked, and it will remain subject to the orders of Major-General Hardee, commanding Army of the Mississippi.

*			*			*			*		 	*

By command of General Bragg:

[JNO. M. OTEY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 11, 1862.-For Loring to Secretary of War, in reference to co-operation of Humphrey Marshall and remarks of the Secretary, see Series I, Vol. XII, Part III, p.927.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 12, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding Department of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your two favors of yesterday are received. It gives me much pleasure to hear of the progress of your expedition, as I think it promises most brilliant results. I inclose you two dispatches* from Major-General Nelson to General Buell; they are quite suggestive. May it not be well to parole inferior officers also? I do not wonder at his uneasiness, as his men are coming in daily, and they all concur in the utter demoralization of his command. My infantry will all be up to-day, and my transportation will soon commence to arrive. On Friday I shall probably commence crossing the river, by which I shall draw their attention from you. As soon as possible we shall push on to Middle Tennessee, ignoring the enemy's strong works at Stevenson, Murfreesborough, &amp;c. At the same time I have directed Van Dorn and Price to threaten West Tennessee with about 25,000 men, thus holding the force now here or retaking the country. I shall not desire to hold you longer in check than will enable me to get in

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

