
motion to support you, for it would be too great a risk to allow Buell by rapid railroad movements to get in your front. In the mean time I hope you will bring Morgan to terms. The Government is aware of our proposed operations and cordially approves.

Wishing you every success and confident of the future, I am, re-spectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

ABINGDON, VA., August 12, 1862.

Hon. H. C. BURNETT:

See the President and urge on him to let me move to Kentucky now Unless some step is taken General Loring will use my force for other and less important plans. Now is the time, and the Secretary of War should forward me 5,000 men without delay. Answer me to-night.

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I leave here to-night and will reach Big Creek Gap on Friday. On Saturday night I will cross the mountains by Rogers' Gap with four brigades of infantry, 6,000 strong, and march direct upon Cumberland Ford. At the same time Heth, with the artillery and subsistence trains and two brigades, moves by Big Creek Gap upon Barboursville, and Stevenson moves up and takes position close to the Gap in front. Scott, with 900 cavalry and a battery of mountain howitzers, left Kingston yesterday and should reach London, Ky., on Sunday. I inclose a sketch of the scene of my operations.

In order to arrange about supplying myself while I am in rear of Cumberland Gap I respectfully request to know the probable time I will have to wait there before you are ready for me to move upon Lexington. I would suggest that before I move far into Kentucky Forrest with his cavalry be ordered to destroy the railway bridges north of Nashville, which are not guarded, as then Buell could not possibly fall back rapidly enough to interfere with me. The nature of the country and the distance between us of course renders his marching up in time entirely impracticable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to write you as follows: Endeavor to keep well informed as to Morgan's movements.

