
If he moves to the rear, leaving a small garrison at the Gap, you must attack without fail. Should the Gap be abandoned, be ready to push on in pursuit with all your force. The general would prefer that Morgan should abandon the Gap before he reaches his rear. This would afford the only opportunity of moving direct upon Lexington. General Bragg does not approve of a move into Kentucky, leaving Morgan still at the Gap, until his own command is ready to move against Buell. This delay of two weeks might lose the golden opportunity of marching on Lexington.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

To the East Tennesseans in the U. S. Army:

You must all now be convinced that you have been grossly deceived by the misrepresentations of those under whom you are serving. I therefore announce to you that a final opportunity is afforded you to return to your homes and your allegiance. I offer you a general amnesty for all past offenses, the only condition being that you take the oath of allegiance to the Government and that you conduct yourselves as be comes good citizens. You will receive a fair price for any arms, ammunition, and equipments you may bring back with you.

E. KIRBY SMITH,Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 88. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

*			*			*			*		 	*

III. Brigadier General D. W. Adams is assigned to duty with Second Division, Army of the Mississippi, and will report to Major-General Jones.

*			*			*			*		 	*

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 14, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The recent movement of troops to this point illustrates the great importance of the route across Alabama from Meridian, Miss. The progress now making from Demopolis west gives assurance the work will soon be completed and with satisfaction to all parties. Military control has been so exercised as to give no offense, as far as I can learn, and do no damage to any one, while both the company and the Government will be benefitted. From Jacksonville, Ala., to Rome, Ga., another important link is now wanting, which could be supplied

