SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 189. Richmond, Va., August 14, 1862.

*			*			*			*		 	*

XXIII. Brigadier General S. B. Buckner will proceed to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report for duty to General Braxton Bragg, commanding, &amp;c.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 114. Chattanooga, August 14, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Brent, adjutant and inspector general department, is assigned to duty in the inspector-general's department, and will report to Brigadier-General Slaughter.

II. Captain E. H. Cummins is announced as chief signal officer of the department and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will proceed to organize his corps on the most effective basis and in accordance with the provisions and requirements of General Orders, No. 40, War Department, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., May 19, 1862.

III. Major George Williamson, adjutant-general's department, is placed on temporary duty in the office of chief of staff.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 15, 1862.

Captain LEMUEL G. MEAD,

Commanding Partisan Rangers:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you operate with your command against the enemy in North Alabama and Tennessee until further orders. You will report to the general commanding Confederate forces nearest the scene of your operations, when practicable, any important information concerning the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 15, [1862].

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of the 13th reached me this morning and gives me much pleasure. I do not well see how Morgan is to escape you unless he makes a precipitate retreat, and then you must be able to harass him and cut off much of his force and much of his train. My infantry is all up, the artillery coming in daily, and part of my train is arriving. We begin crossing the river to-morrow and shall push ahead. It may be a week before we can move in force, but we shall occupy such position as to threaten Buell and prevent his moving any forces to the rear. He

