
has taken such position at McMinnville and Sparta as to render it impossible for Forrest to operate there at all; but as soon as my cavalry is up I will try and make the move you suggest to the rear of Nashville. I regret very much being held back for want of my cavalry and transportation. Everything is ripe for success. The country is aroused and expecting us. Buell's forces are much scattered, and from all accounts much demoralized. By rapid movements and vigorous blows we may beat him in detail, or by gaining his rear very much increase his demoralization and break him up. As soon as able to move I will again communicate with you. In the mean time I shall be most happy to hear from you often and to have your suggestions.

I am, most respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS, Big Creek Gap, August 15, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Abingdon, Va.:

GENERAL: I am now moving for Morgan's rear. If he retreats before I reach his line of communications I will follow him into Kentucky. It he remains in his present position it becomes a matter of investment and may be one of some time. Before I move into Kentucky I will telegraph you, so that you may, by moving at the same time, co-operate with me, as I think your course would be sanctioned by the Government. I would suggest that you hold your troops in readiness for that purpose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 116. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 15, 1862.

I. The commander of the forces resumes command of the Army of the Mississippi for the impending campaign.

II. Major-General Polk is assigned to the command of the right wing, composed of Cheatham's and Withers' divisions as now organized, and Major-General Hardee will command the left wing, formed of the divisions of Jones and Wood.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 16, 1862.

Colonel JOHN T. MORGAN,

Commanding Regiment of Partisans, Oxford, Ala.:

COLONEL: Having reported your regiment complete the major-general commanding directs that you will repair with it as soon as practicable to Knoxville, Tenn. You are authorized to make requisitions on

