
the quartermaster's and commissary departments for the necessary transportation and subsistence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 16, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

War Department:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter* of 8th instant covering circular of 17th ultimo, in answer to which I have to state that the Government shall have all the aid that I can possibly give in arresting and returning to their commands all Confederate soldiers within the limits of Tennessee. But little can be done, however, in this regard until we have regained possession of the middle division of the State, which I trust will be accomplished within a very short time.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

RICHMOND, VA., August 17, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, via Dublin, Va.:

My telegram of July 27 warned you against reliance on re-enforcements to follow you; that of the 6th instant notified you of the return of the forces which were before you, and that you could not then expect co-operation. If your force was insufficient for the movement what could you do but wait for a more propitious opportunity? When success is attainable you have not been required to lose the opportunity. Will answer your letter more fully by mail.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., August 17, 1862.

General BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Forrest and Withers are appointed brigadiers, and ordered to report to you. You are authorized to enroll conscripts in Tennessee. General E. Kirby Smith desires that General Buckner may be sent to him. I have telegraphed to Knoxville, authorizing General Smith to stop General Buckner unless you think him indispensable to you. He is made a major-general.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

Major W. R. HUNT:

General B. Bragg, commanding Department No. 2, ordered me this morning to inform you that he wishes you will order to employ all your

---------------

*Not found. The letters-sent books of the Confederate War Department for June, July and August, 1862, were never received by the United States War Department.

---------------

