
forces except those in laboratories in repairing arms, and as soon as repaired you will order to issue them in parcels every few days-the double-barrel gun to this place, muskets and rifles to Generals Van Dorn and Price-according to the necessities. General ordered me particularly to state to you that he thinks with the number of workmen employed at your arsenal more work should be executed, and he also requires that the weekly report of work done and number of workmen employed be forwarded regularly to this office.

Respectfully,

H. OLADOWSKI.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 17, 1862.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that your note of the 16th* was only received this morning at 8 o'clock. He further directs that you will move without reference to brigades, and should the wagons of either brigade not be ready you will obtain post wagons or any other means of transportation and move at once, as the boats are waiting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,- -,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 17, [1862].

Brigadier General N. B. FORREST, Prestonville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is perfectly evident you cannot cope with the enemy in our front as he is now located. My cavalry is slow in coming in, so that you have not been re-enforced as I have desired, but as soon as it comes you shall have the whole. In the mean time your best occupation will be to cover our front well with a view to the future. We are now crossing and massing our troops with a view to advance. The enemy, we learn, has had cavalry up as high as Dunlap. Had you not better have a mere corps of observation where you are and throw the balance of your force into the Sequatchie Valley, to prevent their incursions and try and cut off as much as possible their communications from our lines? After making this disposition, if you can possibly be spared, I should like to see you.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[BRAXTON BRAGG,]

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORCES,

No. 4. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 17, 1862.

The following-named officers and troops will be left for the base of operations at and near Chattanooga, Tenn., Major General Samuel Jones in command:

Brigadier General S. B. Maxey: First Regiment Kentucky Cavalry; Howard's

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

