
battalion [nine companies] Georgia cavalry; Crawford's regiment [Third] Georgia cavalry; Forty-first Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Colonel [H.] Talbird; Thirty-second Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Colonel McKinstry; Fourth Regiment Florida Volunteers, Colonel [J. P.] Hunt; Twenty-fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Three companies Forty-first Regiment Alabama Volunteers will remain at Hiwassee Bridge, Charleston, Tenn., under a field officer; the other companies to report to Major General S. Jones at this point for assignment. The Twenty-seventh Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Thomas M. Jones, is transferred to the left wing, and will report to Major-General Hardee. Two batteries of light artillery, one from each wing, to be designated by the commanders, will report for duty to Major General S. Jones.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,No. 155. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 17, 1862.

I. All exchanged prisoners will be restored to their old companies and regiments, which will be reorganized and distributed as soon as practicable, as follows: One-third will be sent to Chattanooga, Tenn., one-third to Tupelo, Miss., and one-third to such points as Major-General Van Dorne may designate. Kentuckians and Tennesseans, as a general rule, will be sent to Chattanooga.

II. Regiments enlisted for twelve months will be reorganized under the provisions of the "act to provide for the public defense," approved April 16, 1862, as soon as they can be brought together. During the impending campaign men properly belonging to these regiments cannot be restored to them, but it will be done as soon as the exigencies of the service shall permit, in all cases where it is the desire of the men.

III. Furloughs cannot be granted at this time. Pay rolls will be prepared as soon as possible, and the proper officers of the quartermaster's department will provide means for the prompt payment and comfortable clothing of all exchanged and paroled men of our service.

IV. Brigadier-General Tilghman will have the military command of all camps of rendezvous and instruction for exchanged and paroled men in this department.

V. Brigadier General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff, is charged with the responsible duty of supervision of the exchange of men, their organization into regiments, and assignments of regiments to their several commands indicated hereinbefore, and in the discharge of his duties is fully authorized to issue all necessary orders in the name of the commander of the department.

VI. When all prisoners of war of the enemy and exchanged and paroled men of our army shall have been disposed of Brigadier-General Tilghman will report for duty to Major-General Van Dorn.

VII. Rolls of exchanged or paroled prisoners will be rigidly scrutinized, to the end that none but those persons actually entitled to military exchange may be imposed on us.

VIII. Paroled men of regiments enlisted for twelve months, not yet exchanged, subject to remain in service, will be assigned to their old companies and regiments for the purpose of reorganization under the law of April 16, 1862, but will not be called upon for duty except for police and guard at camps of instruction and rendezvous.

