
IX. All officers and men captured at Ford Donelson, Madrid Bend, and Island No. 10, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, who are not at present on duty with other regiments, will repair at once to Jackson, Miss., to report to Brigadier-General Tilghman.

X. All prisoners of war within the limits of the department taken from the enemy will be forthwith sent under proper escort to Jackson, Miss., to be turned over to Brigadier-General Tilghman.

XI. A duplicate list of all prisoners of war captured from the enemy will be transmitted to Brigadier-General Jordan, chief of staff, at Jackson, Miss.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

ABINGDON, VA., August 18, 1862.

THE SECRETARY OF WAR:

Colonel John H. Morgan has destroyed tunnel between Gallatin and Bowling Green, took Colonel Boone, of Twenty-eighth Kentucky, and 220 prisoners, besides destroying 40 railroad cars. He says Kentucky only wants the presence of Confederate force to revolt, and urges immediate action.

General Kirby Smith telegraphs me that he was moving to General Morgan's rear on the 15th, and if he retreats he will pursue into Kentucky. He urges me to be ready to move into Kentucky to co-operate and to hold all in readiness for a moment's warning, which he will give by telegraph. General Loring detains my regiments, though his re-enforcements are arriving and his front is not threatened; clear violation of our understanding. Can you not interfere to restore my corps, so that I can progress with my special instructions? Recruits came to me here from Kentucky. I want some Enfield rifles.

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 18, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. No. 2, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit, for the information of General Bragg, a copy of a communication from Colonel John H. Morgan, received this evening. I have also to acknowledge the receipt of a telegram from General Bragg in reference to General Buckner, and which I have forwarded to Major-General Smith. I am informed, unofficially, that Clift's force of renegades at Huntsville has been completely routed. This I have reason to believe is the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

