
[Indorsement.]

Inform him that the act of the Virginia Legislature authorizing General Floyd's division does not and cannot authorize the enlistment of men in Kentucky, and that it should not be permitted.

If we get possession of the State the conscript law will be enforced, and the material must not be removed. I will try and him arms, but at present Leyden's battalion are all the recruits that can be sent.

G. W. R.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,No. 157. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 19, 1862.

*			*			*			*		 	*

IV. Major General S. B. Buckner, Provisional Army, having reported at these headquarters, is assigned to duty with the left wing of the Army of the Mississippi, and will report to Major-General Hardee.

*			*			*			*		 	*

By command of General Bragg:

[GEO. G. GARNER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Barboursville, Ky., August 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: I arrived here with four brigades of infantry on the morning of the 18th instant. The small force of the enemy which had been encamped here retired on the evening of the 17th, taking the road to Cumberland Gap. We captured some 50 prisoners, including the sick [no supplies] and a few wagons. My information of the condition of affairs at the Gap is that Morgan has supplies to last him from twenty to thirty days. By casemating the batteries and by making strong abatis in his front he has rendered his position [naturally strong], in my judgment, impregnable. The country around here having been almost completely drained of all kinds of supplies, and the roads between here and East Tennessee being much worse than I had supposed, I find I have but two courses left me-either to fall back for supplies to East Tennessee or to advance toward Lexington for them. The former course will be too disastrous to our cause in Kentucky for me to think of doing so for a moment. I have therefore decided to advance as soon as possible upon Lexington. If I do nothing more than get large quantities of supplies, which I can certainly do and then fall back here, I will be much better off than I am now; but I am not without hope that the move may be attended with brilliant results, as it will certainly give the Southern men of Kentucky an opportunity of rallying around the Confederate standard and I think must prove a most advantageous diversion for you in your movements against Buell. I have ordered Colonel Morgan, after doing all the damage he can to the railroad between Nashville and Louisville, to push across the country and join me at Lexington, where I hope to be by September 2. I have also ordered Stevenson to send me an additional brigade, which will make my force nearly 10,000. I need not

