
there waiting orders. Will you please direct it to join me at once, as it is necessary at this moment for railroad repairs in this vicinity?

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, June 30, 1862.

General BUELL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

The Engineer Regiment is at your command. Formal orders will go through the adjutant's office. Thomas' division will not join you, and perhaps another will be withdrawn.

The defeat of McClellan near Richmond and the withdrawal of so large a portion of my troops destroys the entire plan of campaign.

Four divisions are under orders for Washington. A regular stampede there. We must hold on to all we have got and get a little more. There must be no stampede here. Open communication as soon as possible with Nashville and Louisville, so that if the Decatur line is cut you will be safe.

The enemy on Saturday advanced twenty-five regiments to Fulton and undoubtedly intend to cut that line. They know all. The first intimation I had of McClellan's defeat and the withdrawal of a part of my army was from them. All concur that no forces from Bragg's army have gone east except a cavalry force sent to Chattanooga. He is waiting to attack Corinth on the withdrawal of forces. Beauregard has resigned.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, June 30, 1862.

Colonel SWORDS,

Louisville:

Commence at once buying cavalry horses to the number of 5,000.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, June 30, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

We are without forage. Apply for other engines, stating the importance, and let me know with what result. If you fail in that, use relays of mules or horses to bring trains through.

D. C. BUELL.

TUSCUMBIA, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Dispatch in reference to forage received. Unless I am furnished with two good engines it will be impossible to forward any forage to Decatur. I have telegraphed to General McPherson to send two. He replies he had none to send and [it] will be impossible [to do so] soon unless they are sent across the river at Decatur. Two serviceable engines will enable me to forward all the forage that can be hauled to Iuka from Eastport by teams.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

