HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 22, 1862.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: I inclose you two dispatches* received by Major-General Polk this morning from General Bragg. They come from General Maxey, whose observations of the enemy's movements are made from a point about 2 miles west of Shell Mound. Major-General Polk desires you to reconnoiter thoroughly the ground in your front and to report to him the most favorable positions for defense. Occupy these positions if you think proper. He desires pickets thrown out from General Donelson's brigade on the road leading from Dallas to Poe's as far as Poe's house, or as far as you may think expedient. The Anderson road will be picketed by Major-General Hardee. I am informed you have a map from the engineer's office which is a copy of the one I have before me. It cannot be said an attack is expected, yet it appears the enemy is in motion in considerable force at no great distance, and it is suggested that you keep your forces well in hand, prepared for any emergency. I will send you a company of cavalry as couriers this morning, if possible, and cavalry force as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp two miles from Union Church, Tenn., August 22, [1862]-2 o'clock.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON:

Your note in regard to the movements of the enemy is received. I learned last night that there was a mounted picket of ours at Poe's. I will start Colonel [A. W.] Campbell in a few moments to visit Poe's [4 miles south of this]. If we have no mounted force there I will send an infantry picket. I wrote you two hours ago, on my arrival. I do not see how I am to forage our animals here. I stand very much in need of some cavalry. I will write more fully in the morning.

Respectfully,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

P. S.-I moved forward to-day 7 miles to make room for General Withers.

AUGUST 22, [1862.]

Brigadier General N. B. FORREST:

In reply to your communication of the 19th instant I am directed by the general commanding to say that as soon as you accomplish the present object you have in view you will return and act according to the instructions you have previously received, at the same time preparing your command for other service. The enemy is reported advancing up Sequatchie Valley. The artillery will be sent as soon as possible.

Respectfully, general, yours,

GEO. G. GARNER.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

