
bring myself into communication with your advance or right. I shall await anxiously intelligence from you. Should you be able to evade Buell and cross the Cumberland and Marshall succeed in reaching the productive portion of Kentucky the enemy will be so distracted that we might hope to reach the Ohio. Morgan is actively engaged in strengthening himself; he has about twenty days' provisions. I shall leave him without any apprehension of his being able to disturb the operations of this column.

Thus far the people are universally hostile to our cause. This sentiment extends through the mountain region of Eastern Kentucky. In the blue-grass region I have better expectations and shall soon test their loyalty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF EAST TENNESSEE, August 24, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you repair with your staff to Knoxville, Tenn., and assume command of the Department of East Tennessee during his absence. Brigadier-General Stevenson has been placed in command of the district north of the railway and between Loudon and Bristol. He has been instructed to push through the Gap to join this army if the enemy should withdraw. He is authorized to call on the North Carolina regiments at Jonesborough, Greeneville, and Johnson's Depot, and also on the regiments at Knoxville and Loudon, as he may deem their services indispensable. The general wishes you especially to organize and forward re-enforcements to him. The convalescents at the camp of instruction near Knoxville are to be armed and forwarded with the first re-enforcements. No column of less than 1,000 should be sent over. Army [any?] funds ordered for this army which are now at or may reach Knoxville after you arrive are to be sent by safe escort. If Morgan should be forced to abandon his position on the borders of the State the enforcement of the conscript act must be urged upon the War Department, and the leading citizens suspected of disloyalty should be called upon to take the oath of allegiance voluntarily and to define their position, and if against the Government, they should be made to leave the State. In regard to cases which may arise in the administration of affairs and for which instructions are not herein given you will be guided by your own judgment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 24, 1862.

General MAXEY:

SIR: I have received your letter of yesterday, with the reports of Robinson and Captain Jones, and communicated them to General Bragg. The information you give all leads to confirm the belief that the enemy is falling back by the road you mentioned. A cavalry regiment, about

