
is impossible. The only practicable investment of the enemy's position is a rapid march upon Lexington, Ky., the enemy's depot, where supplies in abundance can be obtained.

Re-enforced by a brigade from General Stevenson's division, I shall on the 27th instant commence the movement of my column upon Lexington. This movement is made in co-operation with General Bragg, whose column was to have commenced its movement into Middle Tennessee on the 23rd instant. I have written to General Marshall asking for his co-operation, and requesting him to move into Eastern Kentucky, so as to threaten Lexington about the time my column moves upon that point.

I find the people in this section openly and bitterly opposed to us. Unless the people on the other side of the mountain are very different from those here nothing whatever can be expected from them. I shall, however, push on and endeavor to test the question of the loyalty of the blue-grass region.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Barboursville, Ky., August 24, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,First Louisiana Cavalry, near Richmond, Ky.:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your report through your assistant quartermaster at London; to congratulate you on the brilliant sources of yourself and your command. General Cleburne's division is ordered to move up at once to your support and will be at London on the 26th, thence onward as rapidly as possible. The general wishes you to maintain your position, as it is of the utmost importance. We should make no retrograde movements now in this State. He especially wishes you to enjoin upon your men the most perfect decorum of conduct toward the citizen and their property. It must be our policy to conciliate the inhabitants of a State whose every interest lies with our own country, and who have only been thus far kept from joining us by the infamous misrepresentations of the Yankee leaders and newspapers. It is for your command, as being the advance of this army, to show them that you come not to destroy but to protect their property. He urges upon you that you will impress the importance of this policy upon your officers and men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 122. Chattanooga, August 24, 1862.

I. Any bodies of twelve-months' troops within the limits of this department who may not have exercised the right of reorganization under the provisions of an act to further provide for the public defense, approved April 16, 1862, will within forty-eight hours after the receipt of this order proceed to the discharge of that duty under the regulations prescribed. Reports will be immediately made of the results in all

