
cases, and the officers elected will be promptly examined, and, if qualified, placed on duty. In case of a failure to elect, or the incompetency of the parties chosen, the old officers will hold over.

II. Paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 102, dated Headquarters Department No. 2, Tupelo, Miss., July 29, 1862, is rescinded, and hereafter vacancies in companies will be filled by the promotion of the next junior officer in the company. An original vacancy will be filled by election.

By command of General Bragg:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., August 25, 1862.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,Commanding Regiment North Carolina Volunteers,

Colonel J. B. COOKE,

Commanding Regiment Tennessee Volunteers:

COLONEL: Your regiment having been, ordered to report to Brigadier General C. L. Stevenson, you will see that it is not encumbered with any superfluous or unnecessary baggage, the soldier taking only his proper kit. But 5 wagons will be allowed to a regiment and not more than one tent to each company. All other property, including the trunks of the officers, must be left at the railroad or turned over the proper department for storage. The men will be supplied with three days' rations and 40 rounds of cartridges. Twenty rounds extra per man should be carried with the baggage.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 124. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 25, 1862.

The troops of his command will be in readiness to move at an hour's notice. Ample time for preparation having been allowed, and everything necessary having been promptly supplied, the general trusts the movement will be made with that alacrity and regularity which can alone inspire confidence.

The enemy is before us, devastating our fair country, imprisoning our old and venerated men [even the ministers of God], insulting our women, and desecrating our altars. It is our proud lot to be assigned the duty of punishing and driving forth these deluded men, led by desperate adventures and goaded on by Abolition demagogues and demons. Let us but deserve success and an offended Deity will certainly assure it. Should we be opposed, we must fight at any odds and conquer at any sacrifice. Should the foe retire, we must follow him rapidly to his own territory and make him taste the bitters of invasion.

Soldiers, the enemy is before you and your banners are free. It is for you to decide whether our brothers and sisters of Tennessee and Kentucky shall remain bondmen and bondwomen of the Abolition tyrant or be restored to the freedom inherited from their fathers.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

