
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

Chattanooga, Tenn., August 25, 1862.

On the proposed advance movement of the army general headquarters will be accompanied by the following staff departments, with the number of officers and attaches and the means of transportation herein prescribed:

1. General Headquarters.-Personal staff, 4 aides; adjutant-general's department, 3; judge-advocate, 1; medical inspector, 1, with 2 wagons and 1 ambulance.

2. Medical Department.-Medical director, 1; medical inspector, 1, and 1 wagon and 2 ambulances.

3. Engineer Department.-Chief of engineers,1; draughts man,1, with 1 wagon.

4. Quartermaster's Department.-Chief quartermaster,1; assistants,2; ordnance department, chief of ordnance, and 1 four-horse wagon.

5. Subsistence Department.-Chief of subsistence, 1; assistants, 1; clerks,2; and 1 two-horse wagon.

6. Artillery.-Chief,1; inspectors,2, with 1 two-horse wagon.

7. The chief of staff, with clerks, will remain, with the records, &amp;c., of the department, at Chattanooga and carry on the current business, forwarding only such papers as may be necessary.

8. The chief paymaster will remain with his department in Chattanooga, furnishing a small amount of funds to the quartermaster who moves forward for payment of officers.

9. Extra wagons and ambulances will be turned in to the chief quartermaster. Supernumerary officers will report to Major-General Jones.

By command of General Bragg:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Barboursville, Ky., August 26, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform your excellency that I have commenced my movement into Middle Kentucky. A portion of my troops are now on the road to London, with the cavalry still in advance of London. The people of this portion of Kentucky are openly hostile to our cause. I may say that we have no sympathizers here at all. From all I can learn the people of the blue-grass region are strongly in favor of us. I feel assured we shall reach Lexington. Reports are received of large bodies of troops collecting to oppose us, but under God's blessing our march will be a successful one. Should we not be largely supported by the loyal citizens of Kentucky the maintenance of our position will depend upon the movement of General Bragg's column and the arrival of re-enforcements from East Tennessee. I would therefore seriously urge the sending on without delay of re-enforcements for my army to Kentucky.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

