
expected, but in time we hope for a successful campaign. Buell has certainly fallen back from the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and will probably not make a stand this side of Nashville, if there. He is now fortifying at that place. General E. K. Smith, re-enforced by two brigades from this army, has turned Cumberland Gap, and is now marching on Lexington, Ky. General Morgan [Yankee] is thus cut off from all supplies. General Humphreys Marshall is to enter Eastern Kentucky from Western Virginia. We shall thus have Buell pretty well disposed of. Sherman and Rosecrans we leave to you and Van Dorn, satisfied that you can dispose of them, and we shall confidently expect to meet you on the Ohio and there open the way to Missouri.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Similar letter of same date to Van Dorn at Tupelo.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 27, 1862.

General [S. B.] MAXEY, Graham's, Ky.:

Congratulate you on occupation of Bridgeport. If the road is clear by way of Battle Creek and Jasper Colonel Crawford will take it and go direct to Dunlap, sending forward couriers to that place to let Colonel Lay know that he is coming. This is by General Bragg's instruction. If a small body of the enemy is still at Battle Creek can you not drive them off with the siege guns?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 27, [1862.]

Brigadier-General MAXEY:

GENERAL: I am sorry that we have to give up Colonel Crawford's cavalry regiment, but it cannot be helped. If, as we suppose, Buell is falling back to Nashville, our front, as far as and including Huntsville, will be in a day or so, if it is not, entirely open to us. Employ your cavalry and rangers in scouring the country between Stevenson and Huntsville. Ascertain what has become of the boats which it is reported the enemy had constructed near Stevenson. If they have not been destroyed it is not improbable that they may have been sunk somewhere in the river near by. If so, some of Major Gunter's men can probably ascertain the point at which they may be found. There is a very important service which the rangers may be able to perform, and which if well done would be of very great benefit-that is, to burn the railroad bridge over Duck River at Columbia. I am informed that the people of that section of country are thoroughly loyal and anxious to render any service they can, and it is thought that if it was known to the people near Columbia that it was desirable to burn the bridge they would do it themselves. It is desirable, however, that it should be done by the military rather than by citizens. You know the material you have at command, and if you have any one whom you can venture to send on that service do it.

Yours, very respectfully,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

