
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I could employ most usefully an additional mounted force in North Alabama, South and perhaps Middle Tennessee. I understand there are six companies of rangers at Augusta, Major Griffin's force at Macon, Major Goode's and several at or near Savannah, which General Mercer does not need. If these companies are ordered here promptly I can use them to advantage. I have been placed by General Bragg in command of the base of operations.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have been placed by General Bragg in command of the base of operations of his army, my authority extending more than 100 miles and on both sides of the Tennessee River, headquarters at this place. He instructs me among other things to scour the country thoroughly in my front. My cavalry force is not as large as desirable for that purpose; I therefore telegraphed you this morning, suggesting that if the six companies of Partisan Rangers [Major [Joel R.] Griffin] at Augusta, four similar companies [Major [Charles T.] Goode] at Macon, several other companies at or near Savannah and for which I am told General Mercer says he has no use, were ordered to report to me here promptly they could be usefully employed in North Alabama, South and Middle Tennessee. I respectfully recommend that if there is no more important service for those companies they be ordered to report to me without delay. General Maxey, who is under my command, crossed the river yesterday [with a small force of infantry and cavalry], had a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry and routed it. During yesterday and last night, by a judicious use of his artillery posted on this side of the river, he drove away the small body of the enemy from their intrenchments on the other side. They left in confusion, burned most of their subsistence stores, and a good deal of property fell into our hands.

Respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., August 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Our troops having occupied Bridgeport and as we expect to free all of Middle Tennessee of the enemy very soon I think it of great importance to us to rebuild the railroad bridge at Bridgeport. It connects this point with Middle and West Tennessee. All of the locomotives and cars on this side of the river. The reconstruction of the bridge I regard as a military necessity. I can have the bridge built in a very short time and on reasonable terms. Shall I give the orders for it and

50 R R-VOL XVI. PT II

