
estimate for the necessary funds on the Quartermaster's Department? Please answer promptly.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding Base of Operations.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 28, 1862-6 p.m.

Copy submitted to the Secretary of War.

ABINGDON, VA., August 28, 1862.

[Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,]

Secretary of War:

General Loring forbids taking rangers with me, retains all conscripts and holds on to the Eighth Virginia Cavalry. What is to be done? See order of April last as to the cavalry. Soldiers have joined my command who desired transfer when re-enlisting, but transfer refused by officers. Shall they be returned as deserters or retained and have rolls corrected?

Please answer.

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Dallas, Tenn., August 29, 1862-8 a.m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I left Chattanooga yesterday and arrived at this place last night. It is General Withers' headquarters. In consequence of the necessity of using the steamboats for foraging they have been restricted to the use of the flats in crossing the trains. All will be over by 12 m. to-day, and Withers has issued his orders for the movement of his division to-morrow morning at 6 a.m. He will go forward as rapidly as possible, so as to put and keep his command one day in rear of Cheatham. He may have to be detained day after to-morrow a few hours in hauling his forage from the river, from whence he must get his supplies. I propose he shall be in his proper place by the time he reaches the top of the mountain or the other side of Sequatchie Valley. Cheatham's division, I am advised, moved up to the neighborhood of Coulter's yesterday, where it encamped last night. It will remain there only so long as it is necessary to procure what may be necessary to take it forward. I leave immediately, and will encamp at General Cheatham's headquarters tonight. I have to report that neither of the regiments of cavalry assigned to me have yet reported to me. Understanding it to be your wishes, though I received no orders to that effect, I ordered my quartermaster and commissary to remain with the requisite details in Chattanooga, to get up the necessary transportation for the additional ten days' supply of subsistence and forward it. I shall keep you advised daily of the movements of my command.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

