HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In Camp near Dunlap, Tenn., August 29, 1862-9.30 a.m.

Major-General POLK,Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you to proceed with your command on to Sparta by the nearest and most practicable route; that the reasons for wishing you to remain at Pikeville have been removed.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 29, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: I send you with this two telegrams*-one from General Slaughter, the other from Major Fleming-both referring to the same matter, and on which I cannot with propriety act. I also send you copies of two telegrams from General Maxey and one to the press from Mobile. I think it desirable that you should have the information communicated to me by General Maxey. The Third Regiment Alabama Cavalry [Colonel Hagan] is in camp 5 miles from here. The colonel reports to me that his regiment is attached to Colonel Wheeler's brigade of cavalry; that he has received no written orders, but was told by Colonel Wheeler to remain here until he received orders from you. He is now waiting orders from you, but in the mean time has reported to me. Please inform me if that regiment is to be attached to my command. If it is, I wish to put it on active service immediately. The courier I send can bring any communication you have to make to me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

MAJOR MASON'S CAMP, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 29, 1862-1 p.m.

General JONES M. WITHERS:

GENERAL: Out of 231 four-horse wagons ordered for your division for subsistence stores I hope to get loaded and started to-morrow night 110. Major Bridewell, quartermaster to General Hardee, will only let us have 40 four-horse wagons instead of 66 that are due. Major Mason is buying and pressing mules and wagons all the time, but it is impossible to procure the requisite number [231] without waiting here at least ten days. Please send courier back with instructions to me how to act. I am told that the 155 wagons of General Cheatham and the 110 of ours will take fifteen days' rations for both divisions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GOODWIN.

[Indorsement.]

Major WILLIAMSON,

Assistant-General:

MAJOR: I have just arrived at Hughes' and Hickman's. The artillery

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

