
and Chalmers' brigade will come here to-night; the other brigades and trains will remain at Union Baptist Church under command of General Duncan, with orders to march forward at 4 o'clock in the morning; they were in no condition to be brought forward this evening. Moving forward has prevented my sending back officers to appraise and pay for that field of corn. Can the order not be given to the quartermaster at Chattanooga to attend to it? The within note is for the information of the general. It is of great importance to me to have Major Goodwin and other officers of my staff ordered on. I hope the general will send them the order. I shall be pleased to know at starting where it is expected I shall camp at night and how and where I am to procure forage. When Major Goodwin joins me I shall be better prepared to have this attended to.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, &c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 1. In Camp near Dunlap, Tenn., August 29, 1862.

To secure the great object of our present move it is necessary to enforce the utmost promptness and rigidity on the march, and the general trusts to a cheerful compliance on the part of officers and men with a few plain restrictions, which will contribute largely to their ease, comfort, and security.

I. The artillery will habitually march in the center of brigades, and will never, except in extreme cases and under pressing circumstances, be left without infantry support. This arm, though all-important, is not self-sustaining, and unless aided by infantry will frequently, in the passage of mountains and streams, seriously retard the march of the day.

II. The baggage train of each brigade and the supply of each division should also have a sufficient force to secure the passage of all obstacles.

III. As we are in the face of the enemy prompt measures must be taken to prevent all straggling. Injurious to the discipline and efficiency of the troops at all times, it has now become dangerous. The country is infested with a cowardly and insidious foe, seeking opportunity to assassinate single persons and small parties incapable must be arrested by them and marched up. No man will be allowed to leave the ranks while on the march except by permission of his captain, and this only for a necessary purpose and for a limited time. In all cases his arms must be left with a comrade until his return. Any armed man found out of his company will be arrested as a marauder and marched into camp by the rear guard.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Coulter's, Tenn., August 30, 1862-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday's date, conveying the orders of the general commanding not to remove my command beyond Pikeville, is

