
received. General Cheatham's artillery moved this morning from this place, where he is encamped. I have sent his subsistence train with the artillery. They will be in Sequatchie Valley at Pitt's to-night. I have been obliged to detain the infantry to use its wagons to bring in forage. It will move by the same route in the morning. I shall have plenty of forage to take both divisions over into Sequatchie Valley. General Withers' division will encamp to-night 4 miles in rear of Hughes'. He will be at Morgantown to-morrow night and at Pikeville the night following. I shall wait the general's orders at that place, and propose to be at Smith's Cross-Roads to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major General, Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Miss.

CAMP NEAR UNION BAPTIST CHURCH, TENN., August 30, 1862.

Major WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I have just learned that there is no forage left at Igou's. Captain Cruse directed the boat to stop as it passed, he being at Igou's, but the captain declined to do so, saying he had later orders. It is 9 miles back to Johnson's, and no wagons can pass back until all the trains connected with this command have come up. This will make it too late for the wagons sent to get back before to-morrow. The teams are in too weak and starved condition. Permit me to suggest that the conflict of orders which has produced this state of things can only be avoided by preventing any misunderstanding between those having direction of this duty. This will be two days that our animals will have been without forage. Their condition for a march you will appreciate.

Very respectfully,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-I shall not move forward to-morrow unless so instructed.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 30, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE, Tupelo, Miss.:

Please give me any information you can of the enemy at Tuscumbia and Decatur, Ala. We have driven them from Bridgeport and Battle Creek and they have burned and abandoned Stevenson. Am anxious to know something of their condition west of Huntsville.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 31, 1862.

Colonel JAMES R. HOWARD, Athens, Tenn.:

Proceed without delay with all the men you have to Graham Station and report to Brigadier-General Maxey. If you cannot maintain discipline among your men call on the commander of a battalion of the Forty-first Alabama Regiment, stationed at Hiwassee Bridge, to enforce

