
and Nashville and Decatur Railroads to transport 300 tons a day.

Notify them at once and see whether they have the rolling stock.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

PULASKI, TENN., June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Have received your dispatch ordering two companies to Reynolds' and two companies to Elk River. Will obey order immediately. My force will be weak for this post, as I have now but 373 men fit for duty, having 150 in hospital here; small-pox among them. I will have to withdraw escort from General Mitchel's division train, as I will have only about 200 left, with about 40 cavalry. As my own health is so bad that I cannot sit up half the day I will have to keep my only field, officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, with me, Major Hamrick being absent sick. I have received your dispatch about Proctor, whose outrages I reported to General Mitchel soon after I came here. I will gather information and transmit at the earliest moment.

M. MUNDY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Telegram received. On receipt of your first telegram in relation to supplies I applied to Colonel Swords for what assistance he could render. He reported he could send me all the forage and quartermaster stores I would require.

Since the receipt of your telegram ordering supplies to Athens I have ordered 5,000,000 pounds and have not received 500,000 pounds. Colonel Swords reported deficiency in rolling stock on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad as cause of delay. I requested that forage might be sent by river; none has arrived by boat yet. I have sent forward all the forage received promptly and have purchased all I could in the country. I have made such arrangements here that forage is sent to Reynolds' Station without unloading here. It is delivered at Reynolds' as shipped from Louisville without change of cars. If the forage had been sent from Louisville when I ordered it the quantity your required would have been in Athens by Monday night, the 23rd instant.

J. D. BINGHAM,Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL,

Huntsville:

General McClellan has successfully moved his whole force across the Chickahominy toward Richmond, and now rests his line on the James River, where he is supported by our gunboats. During the movement his rear was attacked and a severe engagement took place, but the enemy suffered more than we did. The flag-of-truce story is a rebel lie.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

