
precipitately to Humboldt and Columbus, or their lines of communication would be cut off also. I could then pursue them vigorously beyond the Mississippi at Columbus, or Ohio at Paducah. I would thus compel the enemy to evacuate at once the State of Mississippi and Western Tennessee, with probably the loss of only a few hundred men. General Price could then be detached into Missouri to support his friends, where his presence alone would be worth an army to the Confederacy.

Such are the operations I would carry into effect, with such modifications as circumstances might require, if the President had done me the justice to order me back to the command of that army which I had with your assistance collected together and organized, and which I had only left to recover my health while my presence could be spared from it and until you informed me that it was ready to take the offensive.

Hoping, however, for your sake and that of our country, you will meet with brilliant success in Tennessee and Kentucky, I remain, sincerely, your friend,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-The armament complete and ammunition of the works referred to ought to be collected as soon as possible at Meridian and Chattanooga.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., September 2, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

The enemy are evacuating the part of this State north of the Tennessee River, but are increasing their oppression on the south side. They are taking the negroes and cotton as well as destroying the growing crops. In a few weeks they will have devastated the most fertile and wealthy portion of the valley. The partisan force there is not sufficient to prevent this, but we have a partisan regiment [Fifty-first Alabama] just raised, under Colonel John T. Morgan, which, with the other force, could hold them in check, would not require more than four weeks, and it will, I believe, save that whole country. Can it be spared for that time or for three weeks? Please answer.

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 2, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

A Federal force through Rogers' Gap captured and dispersed the company there; they also threaten our trains through Big Creek Gap. All the force at my command will be required to protect the points. Where is Breckinridge's division?

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 2, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have just received your telegram of this date. I know nothing of the extent or strength of your command, and as we are both

