
on the same line it is desirable that we should know each other's relative positions, that we may co-operate in all matters for the good of the service. I am placed by General Bragg in command of his base of operations; its limit, from the nature of things, not clearly defined, but with large discretionary authority. A field for most effective and useful operations is open in my front, but I have not the force necessary to avail myself of the opportunity offered. The enemy is falling back I suppose to Nashville, though I do not know that they will not concentrate at some point this side of that city and perhaps accept battle. The troops under my command have hurried their movements somewhat by attacking them at Battle Creek, Bridgeport, and Stevenson, and driving them from these points. I have information on which I can rely that they are leaving Huntsville. At last accounts only a guard of 300 or 400 men were there. If not hurried in their movements by our troops they will have time to carry off much valuable property, including railroad trains, and it is very desirable that we should prevent that. With the addition to my force of a regiment or two of cavalry I believe we could cripple them seriously and add materially to our own supplies. I am informed that six or eight companies of Colonel Smith's Legion are at Loudon guarding the bridge. I cannot think so large a force necessary for that service. I have by General Bragg's order three companies at Charleston guarding the Hiwassee Bridge. If you can relieve them by a part of the guard from Loudon I could employ those companies most usefully with the regiment. We have a common object in view-to employ the force under our respective commands in the most effectual way against the enemy. I know of no way in which I can aid you. If you can aid me I hope you will do it without delay. I do not know where General Breckinridge's division is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 2, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have a little information in regard to the movements of the enemy in North Alabama which I think it proper to communicate to the general, though it may be already known to him. I am informed by two railroad engineers from Huntsville that on Saturday last there was a guard of only some 300 or 400 men left by the enemy at Huntsville, the main body of the force recently there having left the day before and gone over the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. These engineers were employed to run a train of 10 or 12 cars loaded with military stores and 3 valuable locomotives from Huntsville to Stevenson, and then over the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, picking up all railroad guards on the route. Near Anderson Depot, on the line between Tennessee and Alabama, the train ran off the track so effectually that it could not be replaced on the track in less than two days. During the attack on Stevenson day before yesterday some 200 wagons and teams, all in admirable condition, left Stevenson going north. General Maxey's men have possession of the pontoon boats which the enemy have been so long constructing near Stevenson, and he will do all in his power to secure the railroad train I have mentioned;

but my force is too small to profit to the full extent by the opportunities offered of harassing the enemy and capturing his property on his

