
retreat. The First Kentucky Cavalry, which the general assigned to my command, has not yet reported to me, and I have searched in vain for it. I respectfully ask that you give me any information of the regiment and the orders under which it is acting.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 2, 1862.

E. W. COLE,Supt. Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad:

SIR: The Federals having left the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad in their retreat from Middle Tennessee, the reopening of said road becomes a military necessity. You will therefore with as little delay as possible proceed to run tracks to the water's edge on each side of the Tennessee River, and make arrangements for the immediate transfer of locomotive engines and cars, troops and supplies, across said river, and with all possible dispatch have such bridges on the road rebuilt as have been destroyed, so as to pass trains over them, having accurate accounts of the expenses for such work kept, and charge the amount to the War Department of the Confederate States of America. On consultation with you I am informed that the entire expense, exclusive of the bridge over the Tennessee River, will not exceed $10,000.

[SAM. JONES,]

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 3, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SHORTER, Montgomery, Ala.:

Send Morgan's regiment immediately to the relief of the country wasted by the enemy, and telegraph if more force is required to General Samuel Jones at Chattanooga and General [John H.] Forney at Mobile.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., September 3, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Rebuild the bridge at Bridgeport and make arrangements, if possible with the railroad company to share the cost.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JASPER S. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., September 3, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The order requiring the provost-marshal and his deputies to be officers in service injures the service by withdrawing good officers from their commands. At the same time it prevents my appointing the best men to the positions. In the event of the conscript act being put in

