HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., September 4, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you push on as near as practicable to Louisville, and that you keep him advised of the condition of the enemy in your front, being careful to send only what is reliable. He especially enjoins upon you to impress upon your men that it is by their conduct to the people that the latter are to see whether we come as the friend or as the enemy of Kentucky. The general has just received reliable information that Buell is pushing rapidly up toward Kentucky. It is therefore of first importance that the Louisville and Nashville Railroad should be effectually destroyed. The best points for doing so are the crossings of the Kentucky River and of Rolling Fork. I inclose copies* of the general's proclamation, which he desires you to distribute among the people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

RAINEY'S, September 4, 1862-9 a.m.

Colonel WHEELER:

COLONEL: I dispatched a courier to you this morning, but fearing he may not reach I send you this. I desire you will move with your command from Ricketts' across to Mrs. Fleming's, where remain until General Anderson has passed with his division, after which proceed by the outer road to Spencer, so as to cover the movements of our forces. Send two companies at once to Spencer to watch the road from that place to McMinnville and cover Buckner's movements. Let me hear from you.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

[SEPTEMBER 5, 1862.-For Beauregard to Cooper see p.544.+]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Sparta, Tenn., September 5, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that orders be immediately given for your wing to take up its line of march. The general wishes to see you at his headquarters.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 5, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 2nd was received yesterday evening.

---------------

*Not found.

+See also Beauregard to Jones, October 24, and reply, November 5, post.

---------------

