
steps for its execution. All persons liable to its terms will be allowed to volunteer in such companies as they may select in thirty days. This indulgence will not exempt them, however, from conscription at any moment. It is hoped the ranks of our noble Tennessee regiments will soon be filled by volunteer enlistments. No new companies or regiments will be received until the ranks of those now in service are full.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 6, 1862.

[ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL: ]

General Bragg directs me to telegraph you that the enemy has evacuated Alabama and rapidly falling back from all points in Middle Tennessee to Nashville; our army fairly down the mountain September 4, and would immediately move toward enemy. News from Virginia inspired our men with spirit which will prove invincible.

SAM. JONES.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 6, 1862.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant was received this morning and the messages to Generals Cooper and Price immediately telegraphed. A part of the troops under Brigadier-General Maxey had driven or perhaps only hurried the enemy from Stevenson before the date of your letter, and the small cavalry force in that vicinity has been scouring the country toward Huntsville. General Maxey has not yet reported what property was taken at Stevenson further than that we secured the boats which the enemy had constructed near there. I have taken steps to have the bridge at Bridgeport reconstructed in as short a time as possible. In the mean time arrangements have been made there to pass over the river a locomotive and cars, which will be in readiness to run on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad as soon as I hear to what extent the road has been damaged by the enemy. I expect to receive that information to-day or to-morrow from persons sent over to examine and report to me. I will also send a telegraph operator to go as far as practicable along the line, taking an instrument with him to tap the line at any point and give me information. General Breckinridge has not yet arrived, and I may as well mention that it is reported here by persons whole have seen him recently that there is some doubt of his coming; that there was some official difficulty in the way. What it is I do not know, but I think it is well you should know of the report. Officers just arrived from Richmond bring the most glowing accounts of the victory in Virginia, but I have nothing more reliable than what you will find in the papers, except that a pontoon train was sent from Richmond to General Lee on last Tuesday evening. I send with this a telegram from General Price, showing what Armstrong has been doing in West Tennessee, also a telegram from Colonel Myers in regard to Major Holt.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

