HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., September 6, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is of the utmost importance to procure without delay an adequate supply of arms and accouterments for the large number of Kentuckians who are flocking to our standard here. He therefore directs that all the spare arms in the Department of East Tennessee be collected, with accouterments and ammunition to suit, and sent forward with all the disposable re-enforcements as an escort. The road via Kingston, avoiding the Cumberland Gap road, will be best, provided Bragg defeats Buell.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., September 6, 1862.

Colonel J. WARREN GRIGSBY,C. S. Army, Lincoln County, Ky.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major General E. Kirby Smith to inform you that you are hereby authorized to parole the Home Guards in the counties of Boyle, Lincoln, and Mercer, on condition that they give up their arms, and pledge themselves not to take up arms again, or in any way give aid or comfort to the enemies of the Confederate States by giving information or otherwise while within the Confederate lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., September 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you proceed with your brigade and a portion of Colonel Davis' without delay by way of the ford near McCown's Ferry and Springfield to Lebanon, to attack a force of the enemy said to be there. It is desirable that the force at Lebanon should be surprised. You will also cause all arms in possession of Home Guards to be delivered to you. The general wishes especially that your command shall behave in an orderly manner during the march, as otherwise the people cannot be favorably impressed. After having finished the duty assigned to you will return to Frankfort by such route as you deem best.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.

SPARTA, TENN., September 7, 1862-7 a.m.

Major-General POLK:

DEAR GENERAL: Buckner marched this morning; Anderson follows to-morrow. I shall be between them, and probably cross at Cartage on

