HEADQUARTERS OF THE UNITED STATES FORCES

IN MIDDLE TENNESSEE AND NORTH ALABAMA,Camp Taylor, Huntsville, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The pillage of the town of Athens* by the troops under the command of Colonel Turchin is a matter of general notoriety. At my request a committee of citizens examined the claims of those who had suffered, and the aggregate losses sworn to exceeded $50,000. I ordered a search to be made of the knapsacks and baggage of all enlisted men in the brigade. The reports were made by the officers in form, and not a solitary article was found except what was authorized by the regulations. Colonel Turchin has always declared that he did his utmost to prevent his troops from pillaging and from every irregularity. It is certain he has been unsuccessful.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 30, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL:

I report the situation of troops under my command as required by your order:

Third Minnesota stationed at Murfreesborough; Twenty-third Kentucky stationed at Pulaski; Eighth Kentucky guarding road between Wartrace and Elk River Bridge; Ninth Michigan, six companies at Murfreesborough and companies sent to-day to Tullahoma pursuant to orders from Captain Greene; Hewett's battery, one section at Shellbyville and the remainder and Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, four companies, and two companies of the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry are stationed here. For strength of command I refer to last morning report.

H. C. LESTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 28. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., June 30, 1862.

Neither cotton nor any other private property except the authorized army baggage will be transported in the public wagons in this district. Cotton may be carried over the railroads under Government control, but shall not be transported, stored, received, or delivered to the prejudice of the transportation or handling of supplies for the Army.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND GAP, June 30, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Two additional regiments arrived at Knoxville from Chattanooga on the 27th instant. I have informed General Buell of the fact. I am satisfied

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. X, Part II, p.290.

---------------

