
Tuesday, the 9th. Forrest reports the enemy rapidly evacuating Nashville, so that we must push to head him off. A Louisville paper of 30 represents Cincinnati, &amp;c., in consternation; business suspended; martial law declared, and every citizen impressed to work on the fortifications. Arouse the people to join us as you progress.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

P. S.-A note just from Forrest; he is in Lebanon and moves immediately on Murfreesborough.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Sparta, Tenn., September 7, 1862-9 a.m.

Major-General POLK,Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes you to communicate with him at Cartage by this courier. Will you please direct a guide to be employed, as I understand the road between Gainesborough and Cartage is difficult to find. The general also wishes you to dispatch a courier daily to his headquarters, informing him of your movements and anything of interest, and he will also keep you advised.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Cincinnati under martial law; all business suspended; the people busy fortifying the place; McClellan assigned to the fortifications in and about Washington City.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 7, 1862.

[Brigadier-General MAXEY:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to send four instead of two companies of cavalry into Sequatchie Valley, two to be stationed near Dunlap and two near Pikeville. The arrival of Colonel Howard's cavalry will enable you to do this. They can procure the supplies in the valley, as I am informed by General Bragg. The First Kentucky Cavalry, which has been left by General Hardee in Sequatchie Valley, will be ordered to report to you. The duties of the companies stationed in the valley will be to scout and watch over the country and keep up a line of couriers between this place and General Bragg's headquarters. For this purpose a detachment of about 50 men, with an intelligent officer, will be posted at some point about midway between Chattanooga and Dunlap, and a like detachment between Pikeville and Sparta. They will take charge of and forward dispatches sent between this place and General Bragg's headquarters. Two suitable officers should be designated to act as assistant commissaries and quartermasters, one with the companies near Dunlap and one with those near Pikeville. I have no officers with me available for that service. The three companies of the Forty-first Alabama now stationed at Hiwassee Bridge will be relieved from that duty and ordered to rejoin their regiment.

GILES B. COOKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

