HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 7, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding Forces en route:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you copies* of my proclamation to the people of Kentucky in order that you may fully understand the policy I have inaugurated and which I intend to pursue. The effect thus far has been the best possible, and I urge upon you to enforce upon the troops under your command the necessity of the most scrupulous respect for the rights of persons and of property. It is only thus that we can show the deceived people of this State that we are their friends and come to relieve them from oppression. I especially call your attention to the order* relative to horse thieving, and ask that you will use every exertion to prevent a species of rascality which will operate more to our prejudice here than any other kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 7, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH, Commanding, &amp;c,:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Colonel Gano, with 225 cavalry, together with Major Camron's command, which has been directed to join him, will proceed immediately to Maysville for the purpose of dispersing a force of the enemy's cavalry in that locality and of affording protection to the citizens and aiding them in organizing companies for this army. The commanding general also directs that you keep a vigilant watch for [persons] passing from this direction through our lines to the Ohio River, as it is impossible to prevent leaving this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,No. 14. Sparta, Tenn., September 7, 1862.

Colonel Wheeler, commanding cavalry, on arriving at Carthage will add to his command Bennett's regiment of cavalry, and pushing forward will feel the enemy and harass him without endangering his command. Colonel Wheeler will keep these headquarters advised of his movements.

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 7, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS, Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

I want fire-arms (not pistols) for cavalry. Cannot say how many, as calls are made on me for them daily. Would like from 500 to 1,000.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

51 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

