
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 8, 1862.

Major BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Has General McCown returned to Knoxville; if not, when will he? Are there any spare troops at Kingston, London, Knoxville, or other points on the line? If there are, General Bragg directs that they be held in readiness to join General E. K. Smith in Kentucky. Have you any late news from General Smith?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Carthage, Tenn., September 9, 1862-a.m.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Miss., Gainesborough, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has just learned that Buell is evacuating Nashville rapidly; half his force has gone to Bowling Green, the other half will be off in a few days. We cannot possibly overtake him, but must head him off from General Kirby Smith. Dispatches have been sent to-day, and the general wishes you to do the same, so as to insure receipt. Tell of Buell's movements and say General Bragg wishes him if too hard pressed to fall back in our direction. Combined we can thrash them all. We cross to-day, and to-morrow and will move on to your support. Allen's cavalry has been sent to you, and Lay's regiment will be ordered this evening to join you. The general directs that you keep your own staff and those of divisions busy gathering provisions; we are obliged to be self-sustaining. The general wishes you to keep an eye toward Cumberland Gap; our game there should not escape.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Your note just received. The general directs that you move via Tompkinsville to Glasgow, where General Hardee will form a junction with you. The general wishes to communicate with you daily, but you must not move too rapidly, as we are two days behind you.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 9, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: Information has been received at these headquarters that the citizens of Nelson and adjoining counties are taking a large amount of cattle, hogs, &amp;c., to the Ohio River. The major-general commanding directs that you send a cavalry force through that section to prevent the country being drained of supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutentant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

