HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 9, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will send forward Colonel Davis with all the Florida troops to Frankfort, where he will assume command with your own brigade. You will proceed by the most direct route and take post at Georgetown. The brigade of General Preston Smith's division will proceed without delay to Cynthiana, from whence the commanding officer will report to General Preston Smith. Of course these movements are ordered on the supposition that the enemy have evacuated Lebanon, otherwise you will scatter them as previously directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutentant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 9, 1862.

The COMMANDING OFFICER,

Second Brigadier, General Preston Smith's Div., near Frankfort, Ky.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that you will proceed with your brigade without delay to Cynthiana, from which point you will report by letter to General Preston Smith, commanding division.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 9, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding:

GENERAL: General Price sends me the following telegram:

TUPELO, MISS., September 7, [1862.]

Inform General Bragg that my army is marching; that my advance guard is at Booneville. I move my quarters to Guntown to-morrow. Will push forward.

I have reliable information that General Breckinridge is not en route for this place. Captain [Joseph] Lovell's, of General Lovell's staff, tells me that he was with Generals Breckinridge and Preston at Jackson, Miss., eight or ten days since, and he distinctly understood that General Breckinridge would start about this date with his command to go to Tupelo. From another officer I hear that General Breckinridge's command was on the way to Tupelo four days since. I have telegraphed to Jackson, Miss., for definite information on the subject, but have received no answer. Before receiving your letter of the 4th instant I sent a staff officer to Knoxville to give me information of the condition of things there and at intermediate points. The day I received your letter General McCown's assistant adjutant-general informed me that the general would confer with me in person as soon as he returned from Cumberland Gap. I have not yet seen him, but Major [H. S.] Bradford, assistant adjutant-general, yesterday informed me by telegraph that

