
all available troops on the line you mentioned had been ordered for ward, only leaving sufficient guards for bridges on the line. The transportation ordered to be provided here for General Breckinridge's command is awaiting him. As it seems he is not coming this way, I shall appropriate as much of it as it necessary to keep my command ready to take the field at any moment, as you have directed by a letter from Lieutentant-Colonel Garner of the 2nd instant. I presume of course you are far better informed of the enemy's movements than I am. I may as well, however, mention that I am informed from various sources that they are leaving Nashville and going down between the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers, and that they exhibit in their movements all the indications of haste and panic.

Very respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp near Carthage, Tenn., September 10, 1862.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move immediately with your two divisions directs from Tompkinsville on Glasgow, where the army will be concentrated for the purpose of striking a blow at Bowling Green. You will reach Glasgow before General Buell does Bowling Green. You will also take possession of the railroad beyond Bowling Green. The general wishes you to collect all the supplies in and about Glasgow.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 10, 1862.

Major D. S. PRINTUP,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Richmond, Ky.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you keep a cavalry force moving in the neighborhood of London and Manchester. This force is intended to watch the movements of the United States forces under General Morgan. Should these forces attempt to leave the Gap any certain information concerning General Morgan's movements must be reported at once to these headquarters. You will also have ready a regiment of cavalry to move with a portion of Colonel Morgan's command. Colonel Morgan's troops will leave here to-morrow and will leave Richmond on the day after. It is presumed that a part of Colonel [D. W.] Chenault's regiment [Eleventh Cavalry] are mustered into service.

I remain, major, very respectfully,

W. R. BOGGS,

Colonel and Chief of Engineers.

