HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 10, 1862.

Captain ROBERT McFARLAND,

Morgan's [Second Kentucky] Cavalry:

SIR: You will proceed to-morrow morning with your company and two others of General Buford's brigade to Richmond, Ky. There you will receive a company of Colonel Chenault's cavalry. With these four companies you will proceed by the most direct road to Somerset, for the purpose of finding out whether there has been any move of General Morgan's forces from Cumberland Gap in that direction. If you learn nothing of the enemy at Somerset you will continue in the direction of London, Ky., and will push on toward the Gap until you find out something definite and reliable of the movements of the enemy. You will report from time to time to these headquarters.

By command of General Smith:

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 10, 1862.

General HENRY HETH, Commanding Forces in Advance:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of yesterday I am directed to say that you will not attack the enemy's works until the arrival within supporting distance of General Marshall and of the brigade of General Smith's division now en route for Cynthiana. A letter will be written to-day to General Marshall urging him to hasten toward you. The general commanding hopes that you fully appreciate the great importance of our avoiding any reverse to our arms at this critical juncture. Bragg's advance is expected to arrive near Glasgow, Ky., to-night. Buell is in or about Nashville. The news from the east is excellent. Everything looks well for our cause. It will not do then for you to act without great caution, and the general trusts you will be prudent in your movements and not jeopardize the safety of this part of the State by acting so soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 10, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Mount Sterling or vicinity:

GENERAL: I write to urge you to hasten as rapidly as you can your march toward Cynthiana and Falmouth, in order to support General Heth, who may attack the enemy at any moment. The enemy are in force in his front, and it is of the first importance that your command should be in supporting distance immediately. The news to-day from all quarters is most excellent. Jackson occupies Frederick, the capital of Maryland, and Bragg is pressing Buell closely near Nashville. We can therefore have nothing to oppose us but raw levies. I hope by our junction we may be able to do with them as successfully as we have begun.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

