
He also wishes you to establish a picket on the Glasgow road where a road turns off to the right about 1 miles from this place, with picket sentries thrown well out in advance. Cavalry pickets from the First Alabama Regiment will be posted in advance of your infantry outposts. You will relieve your pickets when the line of march is again resumed. Let your officers who command your pickets report here for instructions as to the roads. The general wishes each road picketed with at least a battalion, and the strictest discipline maintained over the men to keep them alert and constantly at their posts.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 10, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief Ordnance Officer, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Applications have been made to me within the last week for above 2,000 fire-arms and equipments for cavalrymen in the field. The colonel of a cavalry regiment in Middle Tennessee has just been referred to me by General Bragg, making application for arms for his regiment. General Bragg has also desired me to send into Kentucky, by a body of troops which he expects to march there all the arms I could collect. I have been unable to supply the arms called for, my ordnance officer not having them on hand, and I do not know where I can procure them. I telegraphed you on this subject on the 7th ultimo, and stated that if the arms could not be procured nearer than Columbus, Miss., they might perhaps be procured there, as I have been informed there are about 15,000 fire-arms of various sorts there and many of them for cavalry service, but I have received no answer to my telegram. Will you please inform me what prospect there is of procuring them? If the people of Kentucky and Tennessee rally to our standard in any considerable numbers, as I am assured they will, it is very desirable to have arms to put in their hands immediately. It will discourage those who are really desirous of joining us and furnish a ready excuse to those who are wavering if applications for arms for organized bodies of troops are refused in the ground that we have not the arms to give.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 10, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: On the 8th instant I telegraphed the commanding officer at Jackson, Miss., asking if General Breckinridge had started for this place; if not when I might expect him, and stated that instructions from you and transportation for his command awaited him here. Late last night I received the following from Major-General Van Dorn:

JACKSON, MISS., September 9, 1862.

Telegram received. General Breckinridge goes with me into West Tennessee, and part of this command is now near Grand Junction. It was at first understood that the Kentucky troops would go to Chattanooga; afterward he was to continue with

