HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 10, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I received yours this evening on my return from Cumberland Gap. General Stevenson is investing the Gap with an inadequate force. I have but small guards at the other gaps, and the enemy are blockading Big Creek and Rogers' Gaps, thus cutting off our communication with Kentucky. Smith's Legion is now on its way to co-operate with General Stevenson in cutting off this command. A side from this Legion I have no available troops after guarding the bridges. I have just received an order from General Bragg to send Smith's Legion with General Breckinridge to Kentucky. I will as soon as I can relieve your companies at Charleston. If in my power nothing would give me more pleasure than to co-operate with you. If I could get 2,000 men I could reinvest the north side of the Gap. As it now stands I fear the key to East Tennessee will not fall into our hands for some time. I shall keep you advised of affairs here. Shall see you soon if I can.

Yours, sincerely,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Gibbs' Cross-Roads, Tenn., September 11, 1862.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We are pleased to hear of your progress and trust we shall soon be together again. Buckner encamps to-night about 30 miles from Glasgow; Anderson 10 in his rear. The enemy are moving on a line parallel to us from Nashville to Bowling Green. They are striving hard to be ahead, but you have the advantage, and I trust will avail of it. You should seize the railroad at Cave City immediately, and if possible by some arrangement secure some rolling stock. We have captured an important mail, giving us their plans. They are greatly demoralized, disheartened, and deceived; utterly in the dark as to our movements. Press the matter of supplies.

Yours, very truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 11, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to say that he receives information via Louisville that General Buell is pushing up into Kentucky. It is of the utmost importance that he should have accurate and reliable information as to the movements of this (Buell's) column. He therefore urges the importance of keeping your force well in hand and of making every possible exertion to keep him constantly and well informed of all that is going on to the left and front. General Bragg's advance was to have been at Glasgow on yesterday. It is probable the

