
two columns will meet near Cave City, and a battle may occur before either army reaches the Green River. Should General Buell succeed in crossing this river before General Bragg the general expects you to make such a disposition of your force as you may deem best, and especially to give him timely notice of Buell's approach and to notify the division commanders near you. There are two brigades at Frankfort. General Heth is near Covington. A courier this morning reported several regiments of the enemy at Taylorsville. The general desires that you dispatch to him at least twice a day, and oftener if there is anything of importance to communicate.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutentant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 11, 1862.

General HENRY HETH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday, partially in cipher, is received. The general commanding says that in view of the fact that General Marshall will not probably be within supporting distance of you for a week or ten days, and of the small force of men you have with you as compared with the force of the enemy, you will not now risk a battle with the enemy, but will, if you can safely do so, withdraw to the vicinity of Williamstown and Falmounth. Colonel Morgan has just been ordered to report to you without delay with a part of his command. Vaughan's brigade, of Smith's division, is ordered to halt for the present at Paris, Leadbetter's and Davis' at Frankfort. The enemy were expected to be last evening at Taylorsville, 8,000 strong. Cannonading reported in that direction this morning. The reports are believed by the general commanding to be exaggerated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 11, 1862.

General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding Forces en route for Frankfort:

GENERAL: Instead of proceeding to Georgetown, as previously directed, the general commanding orders that you will for the present, with your brigade and that of Colonel Davis, take post at Frankfort, Ky. A courier from Colonel Starnes, who has just arrived from Taylorsville, reports that yesterday evening the enemy were in some force at that place. They are said to be eight regiments of infantry and to have come from Bloomfield. The general thinks the report exaggerated, and leaves it to your discretion what course to pursue with regard to that force. He wishes you to have the country well examined in front of Frankfort and frequent reports sent him as to the movements of the enemy. You are authorized to call upon any cavalry within your vicinity to aid you in obeying the above instructions.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.

