
RICHMOND, VA., September 12, 1862.

His Excellency R. HAWES,

Provisional Governor of Kentucky:

DEAR SIR: Your letter* of the 2nd instant, in reference to affairs in Kentucky, has been received. In relation to the action stated to have been taken by General Beauregard in seizing the assets of the Bank of Columbus the Government will take prompt measures to remedy any wrong that may appear to have been done; but as you seem, judging by your letter, not to be fully advised in relation to the facts, a further communication from you will be awaited before action is taken. On the other subjects of the letter the verbal conference will have satisfied you as to my views.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn, September 12, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The Federal forces at Cumberland Gap have taken advantage of the advance of General Smith's command into Kentucky to blockade the passes through mountains [through] which General Smith entered Kentucky.+ A detachment of Kentucky cavalry left a few days since without orders to join General Smith and were captured near Pine Mountain. General Smith is calling on me for re-enforcements. General Bragg has ordered a portion of my small command to join General Smith. I shall obey the order. With the force at my command at present I can only invest the Gap on this side, guard the various mountain passes and the railroad bridges. I am unpleasantly situated, taking in view the necessity of recovering Cumberland Gap, the key to East Tennessee, and the requisitions for re-enforcements for Kentucky. The recovery of Cumberland Gap is a necessity to the peace and quiet of this deluded region. It cannot be recovered unless it can be reinvested on the north side. I cannot do this and send off the forces to kentucky called for unless in his confusion General Morgan may abandon it. I am now organizing a force to re-enforce General Smith and escort funds. I shall push it forward as soon as it is of sufficient strength to certainly protect these funds.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, en route:

GENERAL: In view of the critical state of our affairs about here now I must again urge upon you to come to Paris as rapidly as possible. The enemy are rapidly concentrating at Louisville and Covington, and

---------------

* Not found.

+ See report of Brigadier General George W. Morgan, U. S. A., of operations at Rogers' and Big Creek Gaps, Part I, p.957.

---------------

