
it is of the highest importance that our forces should be united with the least possible delay. Rosecrans is reported to have just arrived at Louisville; Buell to be marching toward Louisville closely pressed by Bragg. In the East the news is most excellent. The Northern papers state that Baltimore has been occupied by the Confederate and that Maryland is in a blaze of enthusiasm for the South. Please let me know at once at what time I may expect your command at Paris.

I am, very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,Red Sulphur Springs, Tenn., September 12, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My advance will be in Glasgow to-day and I shall be with them to-morrow. My whole force will be there on the 14th. We shall then be between Buell and Kirby Smith, for which I have been struggling. The troops are in good tone and condition; somewhat foot-sore and tired, but cheerful. They have submitted most heroically to privations and hardships and have maintained their reputation for discipline. Our greatest want has been breadstuffs, but we shall be in a plentiful country at Glasgow and beyond.

A dispatch (copy inclosed) from Major General E. K. Smith* gives most gratifying accounts from his command and the country. With arms we can not only clear Tennessee and Kentucky, but I confidently trust hold them both. General Buell, with the larger portion of his army, is concentrating at Bowling Green. From Glasgow we can examine him and decide on the future.

I had hoped General Breckinridge would be with me soon, but he is far behind my calculations, and I fear will lose the opportunity so long desired by himself and this Kentucky regiments.

Send arms to Knoxville, to be forwarded by General Smith's route to Kentucky, unless you hear of the evacuation of Nashville, when that would be the best route via Chattanooga.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 12, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM LEWIS,

Commanding Company Cavalry, C. S. Army:

SIR: You will proceed with your command, and with Mr. J. C. Robinson as guide, to the neighborhood of Buckeye Ridge, Garrard County, and also of Lancaster, for the purpose of collecting all arms found in the possession of Home Guards. The men you will parole, not to take up arms against the Confederate States nor give any information to their enemies until regularly exchanged. The arms you will bring here and report in person.

By command of [Major General E. Kirby Smith]:

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See battle of Richmond, Ky., August 30, Part I, p.932.

---------------

