HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 12, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Lebanon, Ky.:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, inclosing your report* of the engagement of August 30. He desires to be informed whether the bridge near Rolling Fork, which you speak of destroying, is on the Nashville or the Lebanon Railroad. The object to be accomplished in destroying the bridges is to retard General Buell's advance. It is not necessary to destroy them except where they would be used by him. General Bragg's advance must be near Green River. Should you ascertain positively that he is ahead of General Buell the roads along which his columns would pass should be left untouched. The general heartily approves of your proclamation to the Home Guards. He also again urges the importance of your keeping him constantly informed of the enemy's movements.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutentant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. RES. DIV., RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp on Beaver Creek, near Glasgow, Ky., September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You will proceed at the earliest practicable moment to move your command to Cave City, on the Nashville and Louisville Railroad, which road you will take possession of (with the telegraph office at that point) and hold in such manner as will insure the capture of all trains which may arrive. You will if possible prevent the escape of any and all persons within the vicinity, that no information may be conveyed to the enemy of your movement. No unnecessary damage should be done to the road or rolling stock, as both may become of importance to ourselves. As it is understood that the trains run very irregularly, and as our presence here must soon be known, it is of the very utmost importance that not an instant should be lost, but that you should proceed by a forced march to your destination. Your baggage train, &c., can follow you more leisurely and not impede your troops on the march. General Duncan has been ordered to proceed at once to Proctor's Station, on the same road, 8 miles beyond you, or toward Nashville. There is also a good pike road connecting your respective positions by which you can communicate one with the other, and he has instructions promptly to advise you should he be threatened by a very superior force. You will communicate to these headquarters anything you may deem of importance. The two brigades here will be kept in readiness to proceed to your support should you require it. Your being without cavalry will necessitate your requiring great vigilance of your pickets and other guards.

I am, general, very truly, yours, &c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Part I, p.938.

---------------

