
KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 12, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The district west of the Hiwassee belongs by agreement to General Bragg; this side of the river to the Department of East Tennessee. The corn impressed by your quartermaster belongs to a quartermaster of this department and is necessary for General Stevenson's command. Please direct your quartermaster not to remove it. I will try and see you very soon.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 12, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: This Department is in receipt of the list of newly elected officers in the late reorganization of the cavalry under your command under the conscript act dated June 22. It is indispensable for the proper regulation of the books of the Department that there should be a list of officers that have been dropped at the reorganization also furnished, and I am directed by the Secretary of War to request of you that you will have the same properly made out and forwarded as early as possible. It appears from the list that there has been a new cavalry regiment formed by uniting the Second and Eleventh Tennessee Battalions, and styled First Regiment. As there are already the rolls of a First Regiment on file in this office it will be necessary, to prevent confusion, to style this one the Sixth, by which it will be recognized in future. There are also the rolls of a new Arkansas cavalry regiment already on file. Your list announces the formation of another from [W. D.] Barnett's and [A. J.] McNeill's battalions consolidated, of which no rolls have ever been sent to this office. Please have them made out and forwarded at the same time.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. A. PALFREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,No. 17. Glasgow, Ky., September 12, 1862.

* * * * * * * * * * *

IV. Major-General Withers' division with the exception of Colonel Walthall's regiment (Twenty-ninth Mississippi) and one section of Ketchum's battery, will encamp on Beaver Creek where it is crossed by the Louisville turnpike. One section of Ketchum's battery will be temporarily attached to Colonel Walthall's regiment and be under his command. As soon as Colonel Walthall's command is refreshed and has prepared two days' rations he will move it to Proctor's Station, on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and seize and hold the railroad at that point. The remainder of Brigadier-General Chalmers' brigade, as it is refreshed and has prepared two days' cooked rations, will be moved by Brigadier-General Chalmers upon the Nashville and Louisville Railroad, at Cave City, and there seize and hold the road. The major-general desires this order executed as early as practicable. As soon as Major-General Withers ascertains that a sufficient quantity of water can

52 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

