
be obtained at Prewitt's Knob to supply a brigade he will move forward a brigade to that point.

V. Paragraph IV, of Special Orders, No. 17, is so changed that Brigadier-General Duncan's brigade will remove upon the Nashville Railroad at Proctor's Station, instead of Colonel Walthall's command, as therein designated, and so that Brigadier-General Chalmers' entire brigade shall move upon the same railroad at Cave City.

VI. Captain Binger's company is ordered to report to General Withers for duty.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Polk:

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, RESERVE DIVISION,RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Camp near Proctor's Station, Ky., September 13, 1862.

Major D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Reserve Division:

MAJOR: I arrived here with my command at 4 a.m. and seized upon the railroad and obstructed the same above the tunnel toward Louisville, and have made all the necessary arrangements for carrying out instructions from division headquarters of the 12th instant. But few Federal troops beyond the ordinary travel have passed over the road going either way, and I am satisfied that they where only making preparations for their removal. Two locomotives besides the ordinary train passed up yesterday. There have been no trains, not even burden trains, that have passed over the road by this point for a week past, excepting the schedule train, which is due here about 1 p.m., from either direction; we will take care of these to-day. Generals Rousseau and Negley are said to be in Bowling Green, 23 miles distant, with 20,000 men. It is also reported that a part of Buell's forces are there, and that the town and its environs are filled with wagons and soldiers. They only learned yesterday by Union people from Glasgow of the movements of this wing of the army. It was also known here and at Cave City about the same time. The up train conductor told Mrs. Proctor yesterday that the thing was about played out that he should not come down again. The pike to Bowling Green is in excellent order and it will probably be used. They can also take me in rear by a country cross-road nearly parallel with this pike. Another brigade should be shoved out to supporting distance. No water within 1 1/2 miles of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. DUNCAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding right wing, Army of the Mississippi. I fully concur in the propriety of the advanced brigades being better supported, unless the cavalry are thrown forward to such distance as to insure against the possibility of surprise.

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding.

