HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, WITHERS' DIVISION,Cave City, Ky., September 13, 1862.

Colonel R. A. SMITH, Tenth Mississippi Regiment:

COLONEL: You will assume command of your own and Blythe's regiments, proceed at once to Horse Cave, on Munfordville road, and take charge of a flouring mill in that vicinity for use of our army. Cavalry couriers will be furnished you, and you will all diligence and precaution to prevent a surprise by the enemy, and in case you should need assistance communicate at once with these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. T. STRICKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 13, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: I have ordered Captain [C. A.] Taylor, of the First Louisiana Infantry, to take command of a party of 1,400 stragglers and convalescents now here and belonging to your army, and proceed with them to the army, wherever it may be.

Regarding Major-General Van Dorn's telegram, communicated to you in my letter of the 10th instant, as conclusive that General Breckinridge's command will not come by this place, I have appropriated a part of the transportation of the rations and camp equipage (reduced as required by you), the train to return here unless otherwise ordered by you.

The trains which you said in your letter of the 4th Generals Polk and Hardee would send here have not yet reported, and after sending off the party under Captain Taylor I shall not have more transportation than is necessary for the troops under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Maxey.

Major-General McCown informs me that all the available troops under his command have been ordered forward to General Kirby Smith's army. Only such guards as we regard as absolutely necessary are left at the bridges.

I have been unable to find the commander of the First Kentucky Cavalry or any part of his command. Several couriers sent in search of him have failed to find him, and a staff officer whom I last sent has just returned and reports that he was unable to find any part of the First Kentucky Cavalry, but was informed by a gentleman near Pikeville, who seemed to know, that the regiment was with General Forrest.

I have established a line of couriers between this place and Gainesborough. As each courier will have about 12 miles to ride there ought to be no delay in the forwarding of dispatches.

I shall be glad to know to what point beyond Gainesborough I shall send to communicate with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

