
proposed movements against the railroad and telegraph. The information comes through a lady who heard the negro boy (the runner) say that he had been so sent; and further that Judge McPherrin had other runners all through the country conveying information to the enemy.

We have learned through two prisoners that the larger portion of Buell's forces are arriving at Bowling Green. He had made no attempt to cross the Big Barron River, excepting by a cavalry picket stationed about 2 miles on this side. Colonel Lay will scout to-day toward Bowling Green, and endeavor to gain more definite and reliable information relative to the enemy and his movements.

Owing to the acts passed by the Kentucky Legislature relative to currency the people of this neighborhood object to receive the Confederate money or that of the State of Tennessee. They are perfectly willing to receive both at par if the commanding general of the department will publish a proclamation making the same a legal tender. The matter is one of great importance and should claim the early attention of the general commanding.

Very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. DUNCAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RES. DIV. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp on Beaver Creek, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he will move this morning at not later than 10 o'clock, in obedience to the order hereto annexed, with Gardner's and Jackson's brigades, toward Munfordville, by the Louisville turnpike or direct road and not by the Cave City road. He will bivouac to-night at Clear Point, about 13 miles from this point and between 5 and 6 miles from Munfordville. He desires to confer with at that point if practicable for you to meet him there; otherwise you will designate some point where the conference can certainly he held before reaching Munfordville. Should the circumstances of your position require a forced march to any point so advise and it shall be done.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Glasgow, Ky., September 15, 1862-3 a.m.

Major-General WITHERS,

Commanding Withers' Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Polk to say that the general commanding has directed him to order you to proceed forthwith with Gardner's and Jackson's brigades to the scene of the late engagement between General Chalmers' command and the enemy, and if, upon his (your) arrival, he (you) find it practicable to carry the position occupied by the enemy to do so. You will promptly execute this order, and move upon Munfordville via Cave City, unless you know

