
that a sufficient supply of water can be obtained on the direct road to that place. In that event move by the direct road and advise General Chalmers that you are doing so. Acquaint him with this order to advance as soon as possible. You will take with you your ordnance and baggage wagons and so much of your subsistence train as can be filled with stores and as may be required as ambulances. It is not intended that you shall wait to have your subsistence wagons filled, unless it be from stores you have on hand at near your encampment. Majs. [Thomas] Peters and [John J.] Murphy, of the major-general's staff, are ordered to proceed at once to your camp to afford you assistance and give explanations of his views in regard to the disposition of your subsistence train. The major-general will send forward his medical staff to look after General Chalmers' wounded and give assistance i their removal. General Forrest will be ordered to send a regiment of cavalry to report to you. Do not wait for it. Send the regiment back if you find Colonel Scott will co-operate with you with cavalry brigade. Hasten your departure as much as possible.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,En route to Munfordville on Louisville Turnpike.

September 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Polk to say that you will move in the direction of Munfordville and cross your infantry and cavalry 1 1/2 miles above the town, and your baggage train and artillery 8 miles above at the burnt bridge, where the Louisville turnpike crosses the Green River. You will take your sick and wounded with you. Select your own encampment for the night. Move as rapidly as possible. One column moves on this road.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- If for any reason you may deem it inexpedient to cross as near the town as 1 1/2 miles you will cross it higher up.
HDQRS. RES. DIV., RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp on Beaver Creek, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Army of the Miss., Glasgow, Ky.:

MAJOR: Special Orders, No. 20, paragraph VI, just received, 10.20 a.m., and is too late for me to follow its requirements. The cavalry has gone forward and Jackson's brigade. The head of the latter column will have passed the Cave City Branch road before this and the cavalry must be several miles still in advance. The general ordnance train followed Jackson's column. All have been out of sight some time, and the courier, with dispatch to General Chalmers, informing him of our route, started before the column of Jackson. I doubt much whether

