
there is more water than is sufficient for the commands of Chalmers and Duncan on the Cave City road.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.
HDQRS. RES. DIV., RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp on Beaver Creek, near Glasgow, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Army of the Miss., Glasgow, Ky.:

MAJOR: In obedience to the order received that portion of my command encamped here is now being put en route to Munfordville. I shall proceed by the pike road to Clear Point, 13 miles distant, and there bivouac for the night, should no information be received rendering it proper for me to push the column farther. I am informed that there is a sufficient supply of water at Clear Point, but that after leaving that point no more water is to be had until we get within about a mile of Munfordville. At Clear Point we take a left-hand road, which is said to be good, the distance then being between 5 and 6 miles to Munfordville. As Duncan's brigade will be too distant to report to me, I suggest that while it is kept in its present locality all reports should be made to your headquarters and that General Duncan be so instructed. I should be pleased, however, to have that brigade relieved by one from the other division, which could then be supported by its own division.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Glasgow, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Left Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Hardee to direct your attention to the following roads likely to be used by the enemy in any movement from Bowling Green: From Glasgow to Bowling Green south of the Merry Caks road; from Bowling Green via Dripping Springs to Mammoth Cave; from Bowling Green via Chameleon Springs to Brownville. Colonels Lay and Allen, commanding cavalry regiments, have been directed to report to you in orders of this date. Their regiments are understood to be in the neighborhood of Dripping Springs and in position to observe the last two routes mentioned above. The general wishes you to hunt them up and take charge of them at once. If desirable your headquarters and may be changed to a point the staff officer, bearer of this, will indicate.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

