HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT,

Commanding Kirby Smith's Brigade, C. S. Forces:

COLONEL: Your letter* of 12th instant is received. As General Bragg has intercepted Buell the general commanding thinks there is no longer a necessity for destroying any portion of the railway. He therefore directs that you withdraw your command from its present position, and that you operate in front and to the northwest of Frankfort, in Shelby, Henry, and Trimble Counties. The enemy is doing all he can to put down Southern sympathizers, and it is to encourage the friends of our cause there, as well as to watch the enemy at Louisville, that the general wishes you to change the field of your operations. This order is not intended to interfere with the expedition of one regiment previously ordered against Bradfordsville. After executing that duty the regiment will join the rest of your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

N. B.-Information having been just received that Buell has been passing troops by rail from Bowling Green to Munfordville, the general commanding thinks you had better for the present remain in observation of Buell. You will in any operation against him place yourself in communication with General Bragg. The general commanding thinks it would be advisable for you to temporarily obstruct to the north of Munfordville by burning trestle work or small bridges.

Respectfully,

J. P.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 15, 1862,

Captain J. L. WHEELER, C. S. Army:

SIR: You are hereby to the command of Winchester, Clarke County; the command to consist of your company. You are especially charged with the suppression of bushwhacking and the interception of all communications with the enemy. You will cause the Home Guards to turn in their arms and to take the oath not to serve the United States in any military capacity whatever, by giving information or otherwise, until regularly exchanged according to the rules of war, presenting to them the alternative of having their houses searched and themselves imprisoned.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,September 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER RICHMOND, KY.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you immediately arm the four companies of Colonel Chenault's regiment, now at your

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

