HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

General HALLECK:

We are already able to draw our supplies from Nashville on the Columbia road by hauling 23 miles. On the Nashville and Chattanooga road the line will be complete in about four days, except the bridge over Elk River, which is a tolerably heavy work; will perhaps take ten days more. I shall then immediately complete the other road. I too think it inconsiderable to reduce your force. I hope you will still be able to hold on in the main.

I wish to telegraph you to-night in regard to our operations here. We are working on a bridge.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

Colonel McCOOK,

Reynolds' Station:

Send 70 wagons to Florence with two companies of cavalry to carry sick men to Reynolds' Station and Athens. The former to go by the cars to Nashville and the latter to join their regiments. The surgeon at Florence will designate the two classes. Let an officer go forward to notify General Thomas and the surgeon at Tuscumbia when the train will arrive, so that the sick may be got across the river in time.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

Captain GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

General Buell's attention has been called to an indorsement made by you on a bill presented by General Mitchel's division quartermaster for coffee purchased in Nashville in February, and he directs me to say that he totally disapproves of the tone of it. Under a general authority to transact public business in his absence it is not in your province to cast censure upon the official conduct of officers, especially one of General Mitchel's rank, and he desires that you will be more guarded in your official correspondence. If the account of McKeeth is correct and proper in form, as it is understood to be, it will be paid by the commissary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

General Buell directs that you have guards assigned and inclosed stockade works erected for the defense of every bridge and trestle on

