
camp at Richmond. You will, if necessary, issue to them muskets. You will then send as many men as you can spare from the camp up into Garrard County, to the Fox or Sugar Hill country, with directions to hunt up and thoroughly disperse or capture the army of Home Guards, bushwhackers, &amp;c., said to be commanded by a man named King, who has been giving much trouble in that section. Every exertion should be made to secure their arms. They are reported about 100 strong.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 15, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2:

GENERAL: The largely superior force of the enemy concentrating at Cincinnati, the arrival of a part of General Grant's army at Louisville, and the evident indications of an intention on the enemy's part to advance from the latter point render my position here very hazardous. The impossibility of removing the large amount of stores of every description accumulated here renders my falling back a measure to be avoided if impossible, as in the event of such a move it would be necessary to destroy a large portion of them. At the same time by evacuating this section we would not only lose the unlimited supply of subsistence which it affords, but recruiting would be stopped in the surrounding country. Unless, however, you can either speedily move your column in this direction or make with me a combined attack upon Louisville before all of Grant's army arrives there I shall be compelled to fall back upon you for support. Louisville is in my opinion the great point to be arrived at, and the destruction of the force now there can, I think, be accomplished without difficulty. We have captured about 11,000 muskets, 1,100 sabers, and 2,000,000 rounds of ammunition for small-arms. The other stores accumulated here are sufficient to subsist a large army for some time.

Your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 15, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH, Commanding:

GENERAL: The order issued to-day for the transfer of Colonel Duke's regiment of cavalry, on its being relieved by Colonel Gano's regiment, to the vicinity of Louisville is now made subject to your opinion. If you deem it unadvisable to dispense with its services at present the general commanding desires you at once to inform him of the fact. Your letter near Walton yesterday is just received. It is presumed you have ere this received the order to withdraw to Georgetown and Paris.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

N. B.-The commanding general wishes you to report at once the movements of your forces and the exact position of the brigade

