
I fear he will not be here as soon as I had anticipated, and I fear still more from the tone of his letter that when he does come there may be some difficulty in his full co-operation with me. I therefore request that you will send him such orders as in your judgment may be necessary to prevent such a contingency at this critical period.

I am, sir, most truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 16, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding C. S. Forces, near Salyersville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I send to-day a courier with most important dispatches for Richmond, Va., by way of Abingdon. Please give him a cavalry escort to the latter place and send the escort he now has back to these headquarters. I have just seen a gentleman from Cincinnati, who reports that a body of cavalry, 1,200 strong, is moving via Maysville in your direction. I think the number is overestimated, but it is proper to give you information.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 16, 1862.

Colonel SAMUEL TATE, Demopolis, Ala.:

I telegraphed to you this morning a dispatch from General Bragg calling on you to repair the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. The general desires me to impress upon you the importance of making no delay in putting the railroad in running order from Stevenson to Huntsville. The road is but little damaged; but one bridge (that over Paint Rock River) is destroyed. I do not know the condition of the road beyond Hunstsville, but will ascertain it in a day or two. Telegraphic communication with Huntsville is reopened. Locomotives and cars have been passed over to the right bank of the river at Bridgeport, and I expect the road to be opened to Murfreesborough by the 23rd instant. I will give you every assistance in my power to repair your road. Please inform me what steps have been taken on the works.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 16, 1862.

Major-General McCOWN, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Has Smith's Legion moved? General Bragg orders me to get up escort for arms to Kentucky over the route Kirby Smith traveled; Smith's Legion, and Douglass' battalion at Knoxville, to form part of escort; General Maxey to command it. Please give the necessary orders to Douglass, at Knoxville, to be in readiness. Answer immediately.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

