
Bridgeport to-day and a train will go as far as Corinth to-morrow. The superintendent of the road, Mr. Cole, who is active and zealous, thinks the cars may run to Murfreesborough in the course of a week. I am informed that the road from Stevenson to Huntsville was slightly damaged by the enemy. I am sorry to say that the work of repairing telegraphic communication to Murfreesborough has not been pushed forward as rapidly as I think it might have been. Unfortunately, it seems that not only the working of the telegraphic instrument but even the putting up of the wire is a specially, and that none but experts can accomplish it. I will hurry the work.

Lest you should not have received the telegram from General Price which I forwarded to you, I will mention that his advance guard was at Booneville on the 7th instant and his headquarters at Guntown on the 8th. He said he would push forward. It can do no harm to give you the latest report I have from Nashville, as you doubtless have later and more reliable information than I can give. My latest is to the 11th, and to the effect that Buell started with his army to march toward Kentucky, but finding himself headed off by you, had returned to Nashville and was fortifying; had 10,000 negroes at work. The people of Middle Tennessee are reported rising en masse. If Kentucky can be thoroughly aroused and tolerably armed I cannot see how fortifications at Mashville will save his army.

I have no further information from the First Kentucky Cavalry than the last I mentioned to you; that it had, agreeably to orders, joined Brigadier-General Forrest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1862-12.30 a.m.

[Major-General POLK:]

DEAR GENERAL: The enemy has surrendered unconditionally. Join me at 6 a.m. at Rowlett's Station to witness the surrender. Your troops must be under arms. General Buckner receives the surrender-4,000 men.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Bacon Creek, September 17, 1862-6 p.m.

Major WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have just received the general's last note, and will return with my command immediately.

Respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862.

Major WILLIAMSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have made a requisition for the cavalry horses captured

