
to-day. Many of my men lost their horses at Murfreesborough and the Government owes them for those killed. I will have them valued and charged to their [account]. I have also made a requisition for all the arms, sabers, pistols, and equipments, and hope you will order them turned over to my brigade, as [my] men need them much. I leave Major Strange to attend to the getting of the requisitions which I have made, and will at once proceed as ordered and make every effort to carry out your wishes. Major [J. P.] Strange will also take charge of and bring to my brigade Captain Davis' new company of cavalry you spoke of assigning to me.

Yours, respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding C. S. Forces en route:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant. He concurs with you in thinking it of great importance to secure the first fruits of victory in the State and push forward as much as possible the organization and disciplining of such of her citizens as may join our standard. At the same time he considers it of great importance that his command and yours should be in easy communication and supporting distance. Large forces of the enemy are accumulating on the Ohio and will doubtless assume the offensive, when co-operation will be indispensable. With reference to the battalion of mounted rifles from your command I am instructed to say that they have long since returned to Mount Sterling, under the orders, as they stated, of General Marshall. They have not been under control of the commanding general.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 17, 1862.

General HENRY HETH, Commanding the Advance:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes your withdrawal to be a very slow movement, as he wishes you to give as much time as possible to our sympathizers in the border counties to organize themselves. He especially wishes you to leave none of the sick behind you, but that you first send all who may be scattered around at the farm-houses and who can be possibly to the rear. He wishes you to occupy Cynthiana as well as Georgetown and Paris. Marshall will be within your support in a day or two. None of us at all credit the boasting reports contained in yesterday's papers from General McClellan's army.

I am, sir, respectfully,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.

