
RICHMOND, VA., September 17, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Re-enforcements are greatly needed to perfect the investment of the enemy at Cumberland Gap. Without assistance they may escape. Send such troops as you can spare, and they can be recalled afterward. Communicate with General McCown and the Department by telegraph.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., September 17, 1862.

Major-General McCOWN, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have telegraphed to General Jones at Chattanooga to send you such troops as he can spare to complete the investment at Cumberland Gap. Communicate with him on the subject.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 17, 1862.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General C. S. Army:

COLONEL: I send you with this special estimates for funds to pay for rebuilding the bridge of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad over the Tennessee River at Bridgeport. The rebuilding of the bridge I regard as a military necessity, and I have contracted to have it built by authority from the Secretary of War. The most experienced and reliable bridge builders in Georgia and Tennessee were invited to bid for the rebuilding of the bridge, and the contract has been given to the lowest bidder. The contract is regarded as the most favorable that could have been made for the Government. If any explanation in regard to it is desired I am ready to give it. It is desirable that the funds should be here in the hands of the quartermaster, as by the terms of the contract 75 per cent. of the material delivered and work done shall be paid monthly. On completion of the whole work and final estimate payment is to be made in full, including the 25 per cent. retained.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 17, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: The following telegram from Major-General Price was received by me about 11 o'clock last night:

IUKA MISS., September 14, 1862.

(Via Tupelo, Miss., September 16, 1862.)

Brigadier-General JORDAN:

Inform General Bragg and the War Department that, having ascertained that Rosecrans was here with about 10,000 men, I left Guntown last Thursday [11th] to attack him. He, however, retreated westward Friday night, leaving a rear guard of about 1,500 men, who evacuated the place last night, abandoning several hundred thousand dollars' worth of army stores. My cavalry entered the town at daybreak.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

