
the Memphis and Charleston Railroad between Iuka and Decatur. These works should be octagonal, and for the large bridges about equal to a square of 40 feet on each side; for the smaller about equal to a square of 25 feet on each side. The camp of the guard should be near but not habitually within the stockade. One or more sentinels, according to the importance of the bridge, should be kept at all times over the bridge. The entire guard must be required to turn our under arms and in line at the approach of every train and remain in line until the train passes.

A general officer or colonel must be sent to visit these guards twice a week at variable periods, once to instruct them in their duties, see that they are performing them properly, and correct all irregularities committed by them either in regard to their military duties or toward the inhabitants of the country; and the other weekly visit will be made by passing along on the cars and seeing that the guards are attentive and vigilant.

The commander of every guard which is found to be negligent will be arrested and taken to your headquarters for trial.

These inspectors should receive your instructions before starting and report to you in detail on their return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WRIGHT,]

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

TUSCUMBIA, July 1, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I applied immediately for other engines when the engines here now broke down. General McPherson telegraphed to me that he could not send any until he could get some from Columbus. I found no supplies here. It takes all my transportation to supply my division, scattered as it is along the railroad.

If I can get an engine to-night or to-morrow morning I will send you a train load of forage at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

The transfer of engines from this side of the river to the other would cost more trouble and time than it would be worth. By the time an engine can be put on the track our dependence on Eastport will have ceased. Whet I want for them is forage immediately, and I hope General Halleck will let you have an engine for this purpose. I have telegraphed him on the subject.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 1, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

A train of wagons will be at Florence about the 4th to bring sick men to the railroad at Athens and Pulaski. Please see that there is

