
Have you any troops with you? Is General Breckinridge coming this way?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 17, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DOUGLASS,

Commanding Battalion:

COLONEL: Under instructions from General Bragg the major-general commanding directs you to proceed without unnecessary delay with your battalion to Knoxville, Tenn., prepared to march into Kentucky. You will take you the transportation, arms, ammunition, subsistence and medical stores you have on hand, and report at Knoxville to Brigadier-General Maxey. This will be handed you by Captain Merchant, inspector-general, who has been instructed to inspect your battalion and to give the necessary orders to expedite your movement. It is important that you should move promptly.

Very respectfully,

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 17, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Will regiments, battalions, and companies heretofore authorized be received? Large numbers are fleeing to the mountains and making their way to Cumberland Gap; if caught, what must be done with them? Many counties will have to be conscripted by military force. What must be done with the Union leaders?

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President*. General McCown seems to have no policy of his own and recommends nothing. The treatment of the Union men of East Tennessee cannot be prescribed here, but must be determined on by some one thoroughly acquainted with the state of things in that region. Will it not be well to send a discreet person to confer with General McCown and Governor Harris in reference to this difficult subject?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 6. Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862.

I. The general commanding congratulates his army on the crowning success of their extraordinary campaign which this day has witnessed.*

---------------

* See Part I, pp.959-989.

---------------

