
He is most happy and proud to acknowledge his indebtedness to his gallant troops for their patient submission under the privations of an arduous march and the fortitude with which they have endured its hardships. They have overcome all obstacles without a murmur, even when in the prosecution of seemingly unnecessary labor, and have well sustained by their conduct the unsullied reputation of the Army of the Mississippi. With such confidence and report as has been so far exhibited nearly all things become possible. The capture of this position, with its garrison of 4,000 men, with all their artillery, arms, munitions, and stores, without the loss of a man, crowns and completes the separate campaign of this army. We have in conjunction with the Army of Kentucky, redeemed Tennessee and Kentucky, but our labors are not over. A powerful foe is assembling on our front and we must prepare to strike him a sudden and decisive blow. A short time only can there fore be given for repose, when we must resume our march to still more brilliant victories. The general commanding asks of his army only a continuance of the same confidence and regard for discipline in order to insure the most complete success.

II. To-morrow, September 18, having been specially set aside by our President to be observed as a day of thanksgiving and prayer to Almighty God for the manifold blessings recently vouchsafed to us and to our cause, the general commanding earnestly recommends to the army to devote the day of rest allotted to them to the observance od this sacred duty. Acknowledging our dependence at all times upon a merciful Providence, it is meet that we should not only render thanks for the general success of our cause and of this campaign, but should particularly manifest our gratitude for a bloodless victory instead of a success purchased with the destruction of life and property.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,

No.-. Near Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862.

Articles of capitulation have been agreed upon between the commanders of the Federal garrison of Munforville and the commander of the Confederate forces, and the surrender of the garrison will take place at 6 a.m. to-day.

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,No.-. Near Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862-1 a.m.

Chalmers' brigade, Withers' division, and Wood's brigade, Buckner's division, will be present at the surrender of the garrison of Munfordville at Bowlett's Station at 6 a.m. to-day.

By command of Major-General Hardee

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

