HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., September 18, 1862.

Major-General POLK:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move to the front at a moment's notice. It is reported that the enemy is advancing.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RED MILLS, NOLLIN'S CREEK, KY., September 18, 1862.

General POLK:

SIR: I find the mills here not in running order, but at Sonora, on the railroad, 3 miles back of this, I found 200 bushels of wheat bound for Louisville. The troops at the stockade guarding the railroad bridge on Nollin's Creek have all left. The troops at Elizabeth have left. There were about 2,000 Federals there. It is said here by the citizens that a car load of powder was hidden by the Federals in the woods near Bacon Creek Bridge. Plenty of forage on and near the roads; road good. Two citizens have been ahead to get positive information. I will report to you the result when I meet them. It is said Morgan has possession of Elizabeth since last night.

Respectfully,

J. M. WAMPLER,

Captain of Engineers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 7. Munfordville, Ky., September 18, 1862.

I. As a mark of high appreciation in which the general holds the discipline and conduct of his army and as an act peculiarly meet and proper for the day and the occasion, it is ordered that all officers and soldiers in arrest or confinement at the time of the surrender of the enemy, not charged with treason or disloyalty, shall be released and restored to duty.

II. The prisoners of having been paroled will march immediately for the enemy's lines in the direction of Bowling Green. A sufficient cavalry escort will be sent for their protection. They will take three days' rations and be allowed the same transportation for the officers' baggage as in this army. The sick and wounded will be cared for in our hospitals until able to travel.

III. Jackson's brigade, Withers' division, is temporarily detached and will constitute the garrison to the works at this point. Its commander will report to the general commanding for instructions.

IV. Chalmers' brigade will join its division.

V. The cavalry regiment of Colonel Allen is transferred to the left wing and will report to Major-General Hardee.

VI. Colonel Hagan's cavalry regiment is assigned to the left wing and will report to Major-General Hardee.

VII. Lay's regiment of cavalry is detached from Hardee's command and will report to Brigadier-General Jackson.

VIII. The troops will be ready to move at daylight to-morrow.

By command of General Bragg:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

