SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,No.-. Munfordville, Ky., September 18, 1862.

Colonel Joseph Wheeler will move forward with all the cavalry attached to the left wing, including Colonel Hagan's regiment, in the direction of Cave City, and feel the enemy.

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, KY., September 18, 1862.

General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Advance Forces:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that Generals Cleburne's and Smith's brigades proceed without delay to Shelbyville, which point they should reach by the 22nd instant, and from whence they will communicate their arrival to General Bragg, to whom they are temporarily assigned. They will take their transportation with them, leaving their supply train at Frankfort under orders of the quartermaster. The artillery now with them will be left behind and will report to its former brigade commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 18, 1862,

COMMANDING OFFICER RICHMOND, KY.:

SIR: The major-general commanding has received reliable information that General Morgan is evacuating Cumberland Gap. He therefore directs that you send all the cavalry you can possibly spare to scour the country beyond Irvine and around Booneville. They will use every exertion to ascertain if the enemy are moving through that section, and, if so, in what force. The commanding general depends upon you to give him accurate and reliable information of what is going on in the country about Booneville. Should it be ascertained that the enemy are not there in force the cavalry sent out will find out their location and force.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 18, 1862.

Captain McFARLAND,

Commanding Squadron of Cavalry, London, Ky.:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to say that he has received reliable information that General Morgan is evacuating Cumberland Gap. It would seem that it is his intention to move his force for Maysville, on the Ohio River, taking Booneville, Mount Sterling, &amp;c., en route. The general therefore directs that you move your command toward Booneville to such a point as will best enable you to scour the country there-

