
from you and can effect a junction with your column. The enemy have been largely re-enforced at Cincinnati, especially by troops from Louisville. They have fortified Covington, but have taken no step toward Louisville. The stores and supplies have been crossed to the Indiana side, and everything indicates an intention to evacuate Louisville on the approach of our troops. I will withdraw the remainder of my command to Paris, Georgetown, and Frankfort. It can then readily be concentrated in either direction. Marshall should advance to Mount Sterling, but I fear he will not come. His position there is the more important, as my spies from Cumberland Gap say every preparation was made to evacuate on the 16th. Their movements indicate Manchester, Booneville, and Mount Sterling as their probable line of retreat. I shall on the lookout for them. I do not anticipate any immediate advance from Covington. They will await the movements of Buell or the arrival of old troops from the Mississippi. I have still some 10,000 stand of arms-the trophies of the Richmond battles. The Kentuckians are slow and backward in rallying to our standard. Their hearts are evidently with us, but their blue-grass and fat-grass are against us. Several regiments are in process of organization, and if we remain long enough recruits will be found all the disposable arms in our possession. It is to be regretted that Breckinridge could not have moved into this portion of the State. His regiments would have been filled up immediately and his personal influence would have forwarded the organization of new levies. Some steps should be taken toward the organization of a provisional government. Where is Governor Hawes?

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 18, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding C. S. Forces en route:

GENERAL: Information just received indicates the intention of the enemy to evacuate Cumberland Gap and to make his way to Maysville via Manchester, Booneville, the vicinity of Mount Sterling, &amp;c. It is therefore of the greatest importance that your command shall be at once concentrated at Mount Sterling in order to intercept General Morgan. His forces are completely demoralized, and I think it will be an easy matter for you to capture it. His strength is less than 6,000. My forces will be so disposed as to re-enforce you should you need it. General Bragg is advancing toward Louisville and has written me to be ready to co-operate with him by the 23rd instant. This is an additional reason why you should hasten your concentration at Mount Sterling.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 18, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 11th instant duly received.

