
I have ordered the convalescents-2,000 in number-also Smith's Legion of Partisan Rangers, with a large amount of funds, via Jamestown, to join General Smith. Big Creek Gap, the route of General Smith, has been blockaded by the enemy. There are no certain evidences of their intention to evacuate the Gap. Great many stampeding from this section.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 18, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Cumberland Gap evacuated by the enemy last night. Your troops not needed.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 18, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Army of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch announcing the evacuation of the Gap just received. A heavy money train is en route for Kentucky via Jamestown. Keep a watch in that direction, though it is hardly possible they have any intention that way, as they are taking the Harlan road. The major-general commanding declines to exchange for political prisoners and permit them to return home. He will authorize an exchange and send the prisoners beyond our lines. You can use Coleman's regiment to replace such detached companies as you may have at Morristown and other points. You will order the forces left at the Gap (Hilliard's and Palmer's commands) to proceed to clear the road, removing all obstructions. The court-martial cases are being printed and will be forwarded. The major-general trusts implicitly in your discretion in pursuing the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 18, 1862.

Colonel A. B. MOORE, Huntsville, Ala.:

Colonel Morgan informed me that he was acting under special instructions from War Department. No necessity for his regiment in North Alabama. He should go by shortest route toward Nashville and co-operate with General Forrest, keeping a sharp lookout to his left for Rosecrans' men. How is the telegraph line beyond Huntsville, and has any part of Rosecrans' army crossed the river; if so, where? Send some person to the road by Columbia to ascertain if any of Rosecrans' men have passed to Nashville.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

