
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 18, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of yesterday just received. Agreeably to General Bragg's order I have ordered Brigadier-General Maxey, with a regiment of infantry, one of cavalry, a battalion, one battery, and about 1,500 convalescents and stragglers, temporarily organized and returning to their regiments, to go by Knoxville and the route followed by General Smith, escorting all the spare arms into Kentucky. I will add another regiment of infantry to General Maxey's command and order him to co-operate with General Stevenson in the investment of Cumberland Gap. That leaves me with but one regiment of infantry as guard here.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 19, 1862-1 a.m.

General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding Right Wing:

DEAR GENERAL: It is more than probable, from what we learn from Cave City, that Buell's whole force is advancing to that point to attack us. Please recall Cheatham's division and be ready to move upon the enemy. Prepare two days' rations.

Very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding,
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., September 19, 1862.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am this moment in receipt of a note from General Bragg ordering the recall of your division. You will therefore put it in motion without delay and bring it back to this place. General Bragg's information is that the enemy is moving in force on this place and intends to attack us here. The importance of promptness on your part in the execution of this order I need not press upon you. Your ordnance train will follow your troops immediately, and, if possible, keep up with them, but they must not wait at all upon it. Your other trains will follow the ordnance as soon as possible. Advise me of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. POLK,]

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., September 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST:

GENERAL: General Bragg has made up his mind definitely that it is the enemy's intention to attack us at this place. He is at Cave City and advancing. You will leave a detachment to protect your baggage train and return to this point immediately. The presence of your command is of importance to us. We have been informed that Morgan is at

