HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 19, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Advance Forces:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding thinks that appearances and reports unmistakably indicate the evacuation of Cumberland Gap. This movement he believes was made about the 17th instant. It is thought to be General Morgan's plan to strike for Maysville via Manchester, Booneville, and Mount Sterling. The general desires you to hold your forces well in hand so as to be able at a moment's warning to move to meet the enemy at Mount Sterling or such other points as circumstances may require. General Marshall has been notified to be prepared for co-operation with us.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 19, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2, Munfordville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant, and to offer you my congratulations on the success gained by you at Munfordville, the more to be valued for being bloodless. I have to-day ordered 50 wagons for you; 30 will be loaded with fluor and hard bread, and will be ready to leave Danville by the morning of the 21st instant. As I have no disposable cavalry, I have to request you to send an escort to Danville for this train. I can spare the wagons and teams to you, but I hope you will send the teamsters back to me, as they belong to regiments of my command and are much needed. The brigades of Generals Cleburne and Preston Smith are ordered to be at Shelbyville by the 26th instant.

As all my information from Cumberland Gap indicates the intention of the enemy to evacuate I had sent orders to Colonel Scott to move his brigade to Irvine and Booneville via Richmond, to watch the force of the enemy reported to be under General De Courcy at Manchester. As the order sent by you to Colonel Scott renders his compliance with my orders impossible, and as my rear beyond Richmond is much exposed, I hope you will be able to dispense with two regiments of Scott's command, and that you will send them under Scott to Richmond to watch the movements of the enemy. A descent unexpectedly upon Richmond by the old troops of Morgan would at this time greatly embarrass. Heth has a large force of the enemy's cavalry both in his flank and rear and has but little to oppose to them, excepting the newly raised companies. I am therefore suffering most in all directions for the want of cavalry. I shall hold my force in readiness to co-operate with you upon Louisville if needed; but as everything I hear from there convinces me of the inability of the enemy to hold the place against your force, I would respectfully ask your attention to the exposed condition in which I should leave this valuable region, with a large force at Covington and Morgan approaching from the Gap.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

