
RICHMOND VA., September 19, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

(Care C. S. Quartermaster), Abingdon, Va.:

No one can have an independent command. Co-operation is necessary to success, and the senior officer present for duty must command the whole. it was expected that you would have moved with General Smith into Kentucky.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 19, 1862.

Colonel JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Lexington, Ky.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you immediately prepare all the mounted men in Colonels Gano's and [R. S.] Cluke's* regiments and Major Breckinridge's battalion to move as soon as they can be armed. You will proceed with them to such point in the vicinity of Irvine as you may deem best to operate from. You will assume command of all the cavalry in that section, and also call upon the command ing officer at Richmond to furnish you all his disposable force of cavalry. The general directs that you scour all the country around Booneville and in the direction of Manchester and keep him constantly informed of the results of your operations. It is reported that General Morgan is evacuating or had already evacuated Cumberland Gap. The general desires to be accurately informed whether his report is true or not, and if it is true, what the enemy's force and movements are. It was thought they would make for Maysville or some point near there, taking Manchester, Booneville, Mount Sterling, &amp;c., en route. Should this reported prove unfounded you will push toward manchester and destroy all the mills and grain at that point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The enemy have left cumberland Gap, pursued by Stevenson, and McCown has been ordered to join General Smith. You will move your headquarters to Knoxville and assume command in east Tennessee. Leave some one in command at Chattanooga familiar with General Bragg's plans, and exercise yourself a supervision over his base of operations. Your chief duty, however, will be the execution of the conscript law in East Tennessee. It will require great judgment, and we rely upon your firmness and prudence to carry out the law without exciting revolt. Confer with Governor Harris, act in concert with him and be on your guard in listening to the advice of persons exasperated by contact with the disaffected.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*On roll s as Fourth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry and on register as Eighth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry.

---------------

