
RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1862.

Major-General McCOWN, Knoxville, Tenn.:

The enemy having left Cumberland Gap, your presence at Knoxville is no longer necessary. You will therefore report to General Smith, and General Jones will be directed to change his headquarters from Chattanooga to Knoxville. Send to General Bragg the following copy of a dispatch just sent to General Van Dorn. Acknowledge by telegraph the receipt of this dispatch.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., SEPTEMBER 19, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN, Grand Junction, Miss.:

We fear that a serious misunderstanding exists with reference to the movements of Price, Breckinridge,and yourself. General Bragg, we are informed expected breckinridge to follow Kirby Smith with 7,000 men, and that Price and yourself should act in concert. This co-operation seems to success and nothing should be allowed to obstruct it. If Breckinridge cannot go to Smith without endangering the success of your operations he must be retained. When in company with Price you will, be virtue of seniority, direct the movements of the embodied forces.

G. W. R

RANDOLPH.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 19, 1862.

Major [SAML. J.] WINN, Commanding Battalion:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding this department directs that you move your command at once to Big creek Gap and cross the mountain to Pine Mountain, and remove the obstructions placed in the road by the enemy. You will move on via boston to Barboursville

Ky., and make your headquarters there until further orders. You will keep him at all times informed in regard to your operations by couriers. If on the route you meet an enemy you will attack him, unless his force is too large to warrant success. You will subsist your command (man and horse) off of the country, giving duplicate receipts for al subsistence purchased from citizens loyal to the existing Government,and persons suspected must make satisfactory evidence of their good intentions while our forces occupy the State of Kentucky. You will be particular to prevent any depredations being committed by any of your troops, and any one so offending must be punished,as no excesses will be allowed by any troops of this command. All property captured from persons in arms or from the enemy will be promptly reported to these headquarters.

Respectfully,

H. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 19, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Department Numbers 2:

GENERAL: The enemy evacuated Cumberland Gap on the night of

