
the 17th, after blowing up his magazine and destroying stores and small-arms in large quantities. he left six pieces of artillery, including two 4 1/2-inch Parrots. General Stevenson, with two brigades and his cavalry, encamp on the bank of the Cumberland to-night. The convalescents, with ordnance and money train, left Clinton via Jamestown previous to the evacuation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. P. McCOWN,]

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 19, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Army of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: When last heard from General Smith was at Lexington. The convalescents were sent by Jamestown to guard an ammunition and money train, which could not be sent either through Rogers' or Big Creek Gaps. The major-general commanding directs that your pursue General Morgan in the event that he retreats toward Lexington. If he takes any other road you will exercise your own discretion, the object being to reach General Smith; but cut up Morgan if possible. Should you take Palmer's command, you must leave one regiment in its place. He wishes to use the regiment too guard the Salt-Works. If prudent you can order it in that direction at once. I do not know where General Bragg's column is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., September 19, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send a quartermaster form your command, and direct all troops and trains that may be on the road that your command came from Sparta to move by the most direct route to Danville, Ky., where orders will reach them.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 19, [2862.]

General POLK:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you need not send a quartermaster on the route you came from Sparta, as directed by letter this morning, as the chief quartermaster has been directed to attend to the troops and trains.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

