HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department Numbers 2:

GENERAL: Some of my signal corps report to me that on the 18th instant there were but 6,000 of the enemy in Louisville. They were being re-enforced by troops form Cincinnati and had pressed 1,000 negroes to work on the fortifications. I am informed that since the fall of Munfordville they have but little hope of holding the city, and believe that a rapid movement upon it would result in or capture.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Munfordville, Ky., September 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Polk say that this column is moving to-day. It will go to Bardstown via Nolin and New Haven. You are instructed to throw a strong force well in front of the wagon train, and to protect both of our flanks as thoroughly as possible. You are also directed to look to gathering up provisions on the road. He directs you to destroy the railroad communication between Louisville and Lebanon as far up toward Louisville as practicable; break up the railroad connection between Elizabethtown and Louisville. Report promptly to Major-General Polk your operations and let him know how you are executing this order, especially that portion of it in regard to railroad connections.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: I inclose with this a telegram* received this morning from General Breckinridge to you. In reply to a telegram from the same general to me I have informed him that he will find transportation, forage, and subsistence for his command on his arrival here. The transportation provided for him has been turned over to General maxey and others. This was done after I had positive information from General Van Dorn and others that General Brackinridge's command had gone to West Tennessee; but I have taken the necessary steps to provide transportation for General Breckinridge, and can with certainty assure you that his command shall not be detained here a day for want of transportation. You will no doubt have learned before receiving this of the evacuation of cumberland Gap by the enemy on the night of the 18th instant. Morgan retreated toward Manchester, Ky., and Stevenson is in pursuit of him. McCown has been ordered to report in person to Kirby Smith.

I received this morning a telegram from the Secretary of War direct

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

