
fully about the best way of carrying out conscription in the way best calculated to promote the cause. Your knowledge of the country and the people enables you to judge. Can any transportation be procured at Knoxville for the arms ordered to Kentucky? We shall want all we can get. Answer.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

LEBANON, TENN., September 20, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE:

SIR: I have just returned from General Bragg's headquarters, having parted with him at Munfordville, on Green River, Ky., on the evening of the 17th instant, at which place on that day the Federal command stationed there, consisting of about 5,000 men, surrendered to him, without his firing a gun. We secured about 5,000 most excellent guns a accouterments, twelve pieces of artillery, with ordnance, commissary, and quartermaster's stores. General Bragg and General E. Kirby Smith are each moving on Louisville, and will doubtless take the place within the next ten or twelve days. this movement of General Bragg's has drawn all the Federal troops from Tennessee, except a garrison of about 5,000 to 8,000 men at Nashville, which I have no means of dislodging until you can reach there. General Bragg confidently expects your army to reach Nashville very soon and drive the enemy from that city, and my hopes of its early redemption from Federal oppression are based upon your army. I therefore send this by a special courier, for the purpose of learning your present locality, the route by which you will approach Nashville, the probable time it will take you to reach that city, and the probable force you will be able to reach the city with. Middle Tennessee can forage and subsist your army, and I am ready to take any action which may be necessary to collect the same or to aid in your movement in any and in every respect and desire to be fully advised as to your wishes, plans, &amp;c., so that I can fully co-operate with you. You will therefore allow my courier to return at the earliest moment practicable.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, September 21, 1862.

Lieutenant W. O. CAIN, Bradshaw's Company:

The major-general commanding directs you to proceed at once with 20 men to Walden's Ridge, about 15 miles from this place, and arrest all men endeavoring to escape to the Federal lines and such Union men as are giving information to the enemy or in any manner aiding and assisting them.

You will not molest persons known as Union men unless they are engaged in acts of hostility to our Government. Those who simply entertain such opinions, but at the same time are quietly pursuing their usual avocations, will not be molested in any case. Mr. O. S. Green will accompany you and point out the locality to which you will specially direct your attention.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

