
FIVE MILES FROM NOLIN, KY.,

September 21, 1862-6 a. m.

Major-General POLK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Do not push your troops to-day. As I hear nothing from the rear it is presumed we are not pressed, and, in any event, our troops are jaded so that too great a pressure will be worse than a fight with superior numbers. Send ahead and see if subsistence or forage in small quantities can be had for our wants to-night, say 5 miles beyond Hodgensville.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 21, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding C. S. Forces en route near Mount Sterling, Ky.:

GENERAL: I inclose you an order* just forwarded to me from General Bragg. The present critical state of our affairs in this department cannot have failed to strike you and the necessity for the heartiest cooperation between all commanders of army corps. I therefore feel every assurance that you will cordially lend your aid in carrying out the great task before us. General Bragg writes me that he is marching upon Louisville, and that he wishes me to co-operate with him in the attack of that place. Of course if he wishes it i shall do so, but I have represented to him the exposed condition in which I shall have to leave this rich section, with an enemy toward Cincinnati and another toward the Gap. There is no doubt that quite a large portion (two brigades of General Morgan's command) are at Manchester; but it is yet rather doubtful whether his object is to march for the Ohio or merely to grind wheat and corn and then await further developments in the Gap. I have a large cavalry force under Colonel Morgan near Booneville to watch and harass the enemy. I feel every confidence in the ability of General Bragg to take Louisville and in our ability to hold this section. I hope you will concentrate all your forces at Mount Sterling as rapidly as possible.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General HETH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has no special instructions to give you with regard to the enemy, further than to enjoin upon you to keep a strict watch upon his movements and to report anything of importance without delay. It is important that railroad bridges should be destroyed as far as possible.

I am, sir, most respectfully,

JNumbers PEGRAM.

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

