
or statements of individual officers or citizens, or of committees, which go to particularize in any way the offenses which were committed by Colonel Turchin's troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, July 1, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

If you cannot get supplies to Tuscumbia draw back a portion of your forces to Iuka. We have further evidence that the enemy is preparing for a movement east; perhaps against you. Inform Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett that you must await advices from General Buell.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Tuscumbia, Ala., July 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

I can supply my own division with forage and rations from the depots at Iuka and Eastport.

There is a good military position for giving battle in front of this town, and unless it be necessary to fall back for the protection of some point between this and Corinth I should prefer remaining here.

I can hear of no advance by Frankfort, which is the only avenue of approach from Tupelo direct to this place. I have cavalry now in Russellville, which will give me timely warning of an approach in that direction, and the country people south of Russellsville will inform me of any movement of the enemy toward the east.

General Buell directs and expects me to send him forage from Iuka to Decatur for five divisions with my wagons. It is impossible to do it and supply my division. I could accomplish the work if I had a good, serviceable engine.

The people here are quiet, but evidently strongly imbued with secession sentiments.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, United States Volunteers.

CUMBERLAND GAP, July 1, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

This fortress will neither be evacuated nor surrendered. Every effort is being made top concentrate supplies, and we have now subsistence for two weeks and in ten days there will be sufficient for one month. Baptist Gap was blockaded by the enemy, but a large force is now employed in rendering it wholly impracticable. My force is not sufficient to guard Big Creek Gap, which is 35 miles west of here; but unless the enemy's supplies and forces are very large he will not undertake to turn me by Big Creek Gap, as he would have to march 60 miles to reach the line of my supplies and 97 miles to attack this place. However, Big Creek Gap should be occupied, and also Rogers' Gap, though

