HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 21, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department Numbers 2:

GENERAL: I received last night through Colonel Johnston your letter of the 18th instant, with an inclosed order* to General Marshall. When last heard from General Marshall was at Salbyrsville; he has been ordered forward to Mount Sterling. I inclose you two reports from General Heth's front. They indicate an intention to re-enforce at Louisville. Their advance toward Lexington I feel confident will not be made in very large force. Two brigades of General Morgan's command were at Manchester. I have them watched by a cavalry force. I shall have reliable and definite information of their movements in a day or two. Generals Cleburne's and Smith's brigades have been ordered to Shelbyville; they shall be there on the 23d. Supplies of flour and bacon are in process of collection at Frankfort. A supply train of all the wagons that could be collected at that place will load immediately for Bardstown. The train sent by way of Danville has been ordered also to Bardstown. On the 18th there was but a small force of the enemy at Louisville. I should have advanced and threatened Covington with my whole disposable force as soon as I found the enemy re-enforcing at Louisville but for your order, which required a concentration of my command so as to co-operate with you in the advance on Louisville. My force is now at Georgetown and Paris, and will join you by a rapid march if under existing circumstances you so direct. With the enemy advancing from Covington and the Gap, and Marshall not in supporting distance, a junction with you below Louisville both loses us the valuable stores and supplies captured here and checks the organization of the new levies now in fair progress. The news from the front so increases the forces and magnitude of the enemy's movements that I have stopped Cleburne's division on the Georgetown and Frankfort road until further orders have been received from you.

Respectfully and sincerely, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Hodgensville, Ky., September 21, 1862.

The column will take up the line of march to-morrow as follows: Cheatham's division at 4 a. m. promptly; Withers' division at 5 a. m. promptly (taking their trains with them); Buckner's division at 6 a. m. promptly, Anderson's division, being in rear, at 5 a. m. The general commanding directs that every effort be made to keep the trains in motion and to prevent straggling.

By command of General Bragg:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

