HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 21, 1862.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee:

GOVERNOR: I have been directed by the Secretary of War to move my headquarters to Knoxville and assume command in East Tennessee. An important part of my duty will be the execution of the conscript law, which the department thinks will require great judgment, firmness, and prudence, and I am directed to confer and act in concert with you. I should be glad to have a personal interview with you, but as that is impracticable at this time, I respectfully request you will communicate with me fully and freely in writing, and favor me with any suggestions you may have to make as to the best mode of executing the best mode of executing the law for the best interest of the country. It will give me pleasure to co-operate with you in the execution of the law.

Address me at Knoxville, where I expect to be to-morrow evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 21, 1862.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Your telegram of yesterday received. Subsistence and forage is in readiness here for your command. The transportation provided for you has been otherwise appropriated, but I have given the necessary orders to procure transportation for you, and have no doubt that it will be in readiness before you arrive. One hundred mules will be purchased to-day; others will be procured in ample time, and agents have been sent out to procure wagons. General Preston left yesterday for Kentucky.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCE,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel H. MAURY:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with the Thirty-second Alabama Regiment to take post at Tullahoma. Have the regiment ready to take the cars at Bridgeport by 9 o'clock on Tuesday morning, 23rd instant. Captain Freeman's battery will march to Tullahoma, starting to-morrow, and a small cavalry force, under Major Gunter, has been ordered to the same point. They will be under your command. It is probable that Colonel John T. Morgan's regiment of Alabama cavalry will go to the same point. If so, being your senior, he will command. These troops are sent to Tullahoma for the double purpose of guarding the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and producing the impression on the enemy in Nashville that a force is moving from this place on Nashville. You will do anything in your power to produce that impression, be permitting exaggerated reports of the number of troops under your command and of others following on to reach Nashville. You will be watchful and vigilant to prevent being surprised

