
able men that I have with me are now on picket. I am threatened with the enemy; my pickets were fired on this morning 3 miles from town, on the Louisville pike. I am just in receipt of information that the enemy have again driven in my pickets. I shall do the best I can to defend the wagon train. The majority of my brigade were ordered back on Saturday morning, and I, being disabled, came with the wagon train and unfit men and horses, which constitute my command.

Very respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

NEW HAVEN, KY., September 22, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: It is necessary that you should watch Buell, to see where he goes and to divine his intentions. The head of our column is at Bardstown and the entire army will be there or near there to-morrow. The bulk of your forces must be at Hodgensville or in that vicinity until further orders. The direct road from Glasgow to Bardstown must be closely watched. Major Whaley with his command is on that road at present. Do not expose your command to any risks; the necessity for that has passed. Leave your present position whenever you deem it best, not delaying longer early morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

P. S.-

COLONEL: General Hardee directs me to say that he means by ordering your force to Hodgensville the bulk of your force; a part of course being kept in observation of the enemy.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER:

GENERAL: Information has been received at these headquarters that there are quite a number of Home Guards in the neighborhood of Georgetown. The major-general commanding directs that you take immediate steps to have arms brought in and the men paroled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Forces at Georgetown, Ky.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Fourth Division (with the exception of the batteries) be ordered to move with

