
is really evacuated. He further directs that you keep him constantly informed of all movements of the enemy in that direction as far as possible, by sending frequent couriers to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutenant and acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 23, 1862.

General A. BUFORD, Commanding Brigade:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you send a company of cavalry to Winchester without delay. The commanding officer will establish his headquarters there until further orders and discharge the duties of provost-marshal of the town. He will use every exertion and take all measures necessary for capturing all Home Guards in that section. They will be paroled if they desire it. Their arms will be taken and turned in to the ordnance department at Lexington.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 23, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

GENERAL: As General Bragg may have a hard battle at any time with Buell I have ordered Heth with all his command to march immediately for Frankfort. I wish you to report at once the number and present position of your command as soon as concentrated. You will move with it to Paris to watch the enemy toward Covington. Colonel Duke has command of the cavalry near Falmouth and that vicinity; he will be instructed to make his reports directly to you as soon as you reach Paris.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, Va., September 23, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President confederate States of America:

SIR: The telegram from General H. Marshall, stating that he had made an arrangement for acting in concert with General E. Kirby Smith, and expected an order from him, is probably in your office, as it has been withdraw from the files of this Department by my order and has not been returned. I have the honor to inclose a copy* of my reply to General Marshall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

