
I do not believe that I will be attacked. I use every precaution and have scouts out in every direction. My information is contradictory, but I believe that the enemy's force now in East Tennessee has been demoralized by the evacuation of Cumberland Gap more than it would have been by the loss of a battle. I am certain that with three more brigades I could sweep East Tennessee from Abingdon to Chattanooga. I am now having made an actual survey of the ground in my front, and will have the honor of sending you a diagram of it when completed. An engineer officer is daily expected.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

(Duplicate sent to Secretary of War same day.)
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF OHIO,Cumberland Gap, July 1, 1862.

J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy's force on my immediate front is about 10,000 or 12,000 men, all arms included. The force is divided into three columns. His right is at Bean's Station; his center at Powder Gap, and his left is at Cedar Ford. The line is well chosen. Powder Gap is about 12 miles west of Bean's Station and Cedar Spring is about that distance west of Powder Gap. The intervals may be less than here given. In the event of an advance by General Buell I may be able to cut the line of railroad if I receive timely notice of the advance. At present such a movement could not safely be undertaken.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 89. Huntsville, Ala., July 1, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. The Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Illinois and the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers are relieved from the Eighth Brigade,and will be posted as follows: The Nineteenth Illinois on the line from Nashville to Huntsville via Decatur; the Twenty-fourth Illinois on the line from Nashville to Huntsville via Stevenson; the Eighteenth Ohio, the headquarters, and six companies at Tullahoma, and four companies at Cowan. These regiments will be posted under the direction of General Mitchel, and will relieve all guards now on the lines named, except at the following places: Stevenson, Huntsville, Decatur, Athens, Elk River, Pulaski, Reynolds', Columbia, Nashville, and Murfreesborough, for which points other provisions have been made. They will be put in position with the least possible delay. The parts of the two first-named regiments not required for relieving guards as ordered above will be distributed to such points on the lines as General Mitchel may direct or deem most important to guard.

V. The Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers is relieved from the Twenty-third Brigade and will concentrate and march for Huntsville as soon as relieved in its several stations by troops of the Seventh Brigade.

VI. The Third Minnesota, the six companies of the Ninth Michigan,

