
dered to Bloomfield and that he moved from Frankfort on yesterday morning. Brigadier-General Stevenson has been ordered to march to Harrodsburg, Mercer Country, and will report to General Bragg. The last advice indicate that General Stevenson was at Big Hill, and he ought therefore to be at Danville on Friday, at which place or Harrodsburg he will receive instructions from General Bragg. General Stevenson has in his command between 6,000 and 8,000 well-organized and effective troops, with a full complement of artillery. The general commanding will leave to-day for Mount Sterling at which point nearly all the residue of his command will be concentrated for the purpose of intercepting the command of General Morgan or driving him toward the mountains eastwardly, in which latter event his command will be lost to this campaign. The general will return with his command as rapidly as possible to co-operate with General Bragg, including the force of General Marshall, should General Bragg deem it a military necessity; otherwise he will leave it in that section. Colonel Davis, with three Florida regiments, numbering about 1,000 effective, is in command of Frankfort. Should any contingency occur requiring the withdrawal of his command from that point the general requests that immediate and direct notice be given to Colonel Davis.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WN, BRENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 25, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say that as General Bragg has a largely superior force menacing him you will proceed as rapidly as the condition of your command will admit to place yourself in communication with and obey the instructions of General Bragg, as already directed. The general this day moved to Mount Sterling.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

A courier from General Bragg's headquarters, 8 miles west of Munfordville, on the night of the 18th confirms the report that Bragg captured about 5,000 men at Munfordville on the 17th. Our loss was about 50 killed and wounded. Same courier reports that up to the 12th about 23,000 Kentuckians had joined General Smith and they were still coming in. The Home Guard was delivering up their guns as rapidly as they could be received.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

