
as safety will permit, ascertain whether it is garrisoned, and if practicable proceed thence in the direction of Glasgow, picking up and paroling the enemy's stragglers and forwarding our own, securing or destroying stores that may have been left behind by our forces or those of the enemy, affording protection to convalescents coming on to join the army, &amp;c. The command will return as sons as these objects shall have been accomplished. The name of the officer left in charge of the command at New Haven will be reported to these headquarters.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., September 26, 1862.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

The order directing you to proceed to Munfordville, &c., is, by order of General Bragg, suspended, and you will repair with such force as you may deem necessary to Boston. Keep all roads leading to this place well picketed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

P. S.- We hear of no movements of the enemy in any other direction.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,New Haven, Ky., September 26, 1862.

Colonels Hagan's, Allen's, and Captain Griffith's commands, together with one squadron of Colonel Crawford's command, will be ready to march in one hour; any men or horses not capable to make a rapid and long march will remain. Colonel Crawford will remain with the balance of his command in charged of this place. he will thoroughly picket all the roads leading to this place, advising Major-General Hardee and myself of any demonstration the enemy may make.

By order of Colonel Joseph Wheeler:

JNumbers McGUIRK,

acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Mount Sterling, Ky., September 26, 1862.

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.:

The general commanding directs me to say to you that it is of the first importance that a bridge of boats be built at once at Cumberland Ford, as it is now on the direct line of communication between Kentucky and East Tennessee, and may become the line of retreat of this army in case of accident. No time must be lost in carrying out these instructions, but rather hasten it at any expense. The road to Goose Creek Salt-Works, near Manchester, Ky., being now open, as many

