
and that part of Hewett's battery now at Murfreesborough will hold themselves in readiness to march on receipt of further orders. The balance of the Twenty-third Brigade, namely, the Twenty-first and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry and the sections of Hewett's battery now at Shellbyville will at once concentrate at Tullahoma, and as soon as the concentration is completed the senior officer will report the fact at these headquarters. The companies of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry at Columbia will at once march for Murfreesborough and be ready to move with the part of the brigade at that point.

VII. The Thirty-fifth Indiana is relieved from, and the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, First Kentucky Cavalry, and Fourth Indiana Battery (Bush's) are assigned to, the Seventh Brigade. The headquarters and two regiments of infantry, two sections of artillery, and five squadrons cavalry will take post at Athens. A third regiment, one section of artillery, and one squadron of cavalry will be posted on the north side of the river near Decatur, and the fourth regiment, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, two companies at Columbia, four at Elk River, two at Pulaski, two at Reynolds' Station. These last two will join the two at Pulaski as soon as the railroad is repaired and guards posted at the bridges.

VIII. The Thirty-fifth Indiana and Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers will march at once for Huntsville, the latter moving by Murfreesborough.

IX. The Eleventh Michigan, Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteers, and --- Battery (now at Columbia) will march at once for Murfreesborough, the senior officer taking command at that place.

X. The Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry will take post as follows: Headquarters and three squadrons at Murfreesborough, one squadron at Nashville, one squadron at Tullahoma, and one squadron at Cowan.

XI. All commanding officers of troops moving under this order will report the departure from the present and arrival at the new station, and will make such reports during the march as the mail or telegraph may permit. They will start with five days' supplies, and inform themselves as to the depots on the line of march from which they can draw if necessary. Commanding officers of divisions, brigades, and posts will see that the parts of this order affecting any troops under their command or in their vicinity are promptly communicated to them.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

A. F. ROCKWELL,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

Your several dispatches of yesterday to Secretary of War and myself received. I did say and now repeat, I would be exceedingly glad for some re-enforcements from you. Still do not send a man if in your judgment it will endanger any point you deem important to hold or will force you to give up or weaken or delay or delay the Chattanooga expedition.

Please tell me could you not make me a flying visit for consultation without endangering the service in your department?

A. LINCOLN.

