
wagons as possible should be at once sent up to get salt. Tell the citizens also to bring their wagons up for the same purpose. A small escort will be required to provide against bushwhackers. The general urges upon you to send forward as rapidly as possible re-enforcements. If you have not arms for the men let them come without them, as we have quite a number here captured from the enemy. If you can send a train here with tents that belong to this army it can be loaded here with jeans and woolseys and other things much needed in the confederacy. Have the tents overhauled and repaired.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2.

Numbers 129. Bardstown, Ky., September 26, 1862.

The general commanding is mortified to believe that some soldiers of his command are straggling from the ranks with the design to be captured, in order that they may be paroled and return home. Any soldier thus taken will be tried as a deserter as well as for disobeying the orders against straggling. No paroled prisoners will under any circumstances be permitted to go home, but will be kept with the army until exchanged.

Command and regimental officers must be required to account in every instance for the loss of their men in this way.

By command of General Bragg:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, September 26, 1862.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Huntsville, Ala.:

I learn from Colonel John T. Morgan large quantities of cotton seized or purchased by the enemy was left by them at Huntsville on their retreat from that place. Major-General Jones, commanding this department, directs me to request you to take possession of it and see that it is properly stored until the Government authorities can take it in charge, as he believes it may otherwise be destroyed. There being no military authority at Huntsville, the general thinks that you might be able to give your attention to this matter on behalf of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, September 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel G. N. FOLK,

Commanding Seventh North Carolina Battalion:

You are directed by the major-general commanding to proceed at once with three companies of your battalion to Johnson County, Tennessee, for the purpose of capturing or dispersing a body of disloyal men who

