
are reported by the Governor of North Carolina to have escaped from that State and are believed to be organizing in the vicinity of Stone Mountain for the purpose of resisting the authorities of Confederate States and joining the enemy in Kentucky. Should you succeed in capturing them they will be sent under your guard to Salisbury, N. C., and turned over to the provost-marshal at that place.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near High Grove, Ky., September 27, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Army of the Miss.:

MAJOR: Below I give you the disposition of the cavalry brigade under my command: One hundred and sixty men under Captain [M. L.] Evans, [Company C, Eighth Texas Cavalry] at Taylorsville; three companies under Captain [C. H.] Ingles, [Fourth Tennessee Cavalry], at Salt River, on the Louisville and Bardstown pike; 10 men to guard the mills at Bloomfield; 10 men to guard the mills at Fairfield; four companies under Major [C. A.] Whaley [Second Georgia Cavalry], at New Haven; two companies guarding wagon train under orders from Colonel O'Bannon; one company with engineer corps under orders from General Polk; 13 men gone to Danville with condemned horses; three companies sent yesterday to General Bragg for special service; six companies at Stear's Mill, on Shepherdsville road, [and] one company on police duty. I have now on camp at this place only about 40 of the Second Georgia and 200 of the Rangers, besides four partially armed companies. You will see, major, that, occupying the extreme outpost of the army, this force is too small and is also a fragmentary command, which is generally worthless. I have not men in camp to relieve those on duty. Major Whaley has been ordered to report to me, but has not yet arrived. General Bragg order me to make a report of the forces under me, which is impossible until I can get the command more in hand. Commanders of regiments with their adjutants are absent on are themselves separated from the bulk of their respective commands. I have three companies of Kentuckians on picket. Major Caldwell has six companies of Kentuckians under Colonel Wheeler. Could you not order him to report to me in order that i might be re-enforced and also that the Kentuckians might be together? Colonel Lay's regiment could supply Major Caldwell's place to Colonel Wheeler. General Forrest told me that Colonel Lays' regiment was picketing the Shepherdsville road, which I find to be a mistake. I shall use every exertion to have discipline and prevent straggling. I was called on yesterday and last night for thirteen companies. I have made this statement in order that you may be apprised of my condition and ability to respond to future calls. Taylorsville is a very important and distant outpost and should be more strongly guarded, to defend this camp if attacked.

As General Bragg ordered me to make a report I should be pleased if the substance of this was communicated to him as my apology.

Respectfully, yours,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

56 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

