HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,High Grove, Ky., September 27, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Major Smith, in command of the forces on the Shepherdsville road, learned to-day from Murphy, son of the representative of this county, that at 4 o'clock morning there was no enemy at Shepherdsville. It is reported, however, that they would be there at 8 o'clock this morning. I have ordered Major Smith to send a scout as far as Shepherdsville and will give you definite information to-night. No enemy in the vicinity of Taylorsville; *none nearer on the Louisville and Bardstown pike than 3 miles beyond Mount Washington.)

Send me $300 in United States or Kentucky money to use in secret service.

There are several soldiers here, escaped prisoners from the North, who took the oath during their incarceration. They belonged to infantry regiments; now connected with cavalry companies. What shall be done with them?

When may I expect Major Whaley?

Accompanying this are charges* preferred against Lieutenant Colonel [Arthur] Hood, of the Second Georgia Regiment. What shall be done with him?

Shall I press wagons and send in flour and bacon to the army whenever I can?

Respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,High Grove, Ky., September 27, 1862-5 p. m.

Major GEORGE WILLIAM,

Asst. Adjt. General Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

MAJOR:I am just in receipt of circular of this date, ordering me to station a regiment on the Bardstown and Shepherdsville road near Shepherdsville, one at Taylorsville, and to place my main force at this place. I have command of three regiments of cavalry-Texas Rangers, Second Georgia, and Murray's Tennessee Regiment, and three companies of Kentucky. Four companies of the Second Georgia are near Boston, under Major Whaley. Three companies of the same regiment are absent under orders of Generals Polk and Bragg. Three companies of Murray's regiment were sent to General Bragg yesterday. a company of the Second Georgia is absent, guarding mills. It will be seen from this that eight companies of the Second Georgia and three companies of Murray's regiment are not now subject to my orders, so that it is impossible for me literally to comply with the order. I have sent all of Murray's regiment subject to my orders on the Shepherdsville road and 200 Texas Rangers to Taylorsville. I have in camp the remnant of the Second Georgia and of the Texas Rangers, with the the Kentucky companies on picket. As soon as the companies from the Second Georgia and Murray's regiment report I will dispose of them as ordered, placing one at Taylorsville, one at Shepherdsville road, reserving the Texas Rangers and the three Kentucky companies for the main camp.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

