
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Bardstown, Ky., September 27, 1862.

The following disposition of cavalry will be immediately made:

Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi.-Colonel Wharton, with main enemy will permit, with strong pickets in front, one regiment at Taylorsville, strong pickets in front; one regiment at or near Shepherdsville, strong picket in front.

Left Wing, Army of the Mississippi.-Colonel Wheeler, with main force, will establish his headquarters at Boston; one regiment at Lebanon Junction, pickets at or near Elizabethtown; one regiment at New Haven, and pickets well down on Glasgow road.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Numbers 17. Bardstown, Ky., September 27, 1862.

I. The following disposition of the cavalry, left wing, Army of the Mississippi, will be made without delay: The main body, under command of Colonel Sheeler, will be stationed at Boston, with pickets thrown out to or toward Elizabethtown and Lebanon Junction. Colonel Crawford will remain at New Haven, picketing toward Munfordville and Glasgow.

II. Colonels Joseph Wheeler and Allen and Major Gaines (Hagan's regiment), or any two of them,are constituted an examining board to examine the newly-elected officers of Lay's cavalry regiment. Where the newly-elected officers are found to be unqualified they will be returned to their original positions and the old incumbents reinstated. A list of the newly-elected officers approved by the examining board will be forwarded to these headquarters,and the officers will be assigned to duty in accordance with their new rand by the brigade commander. A list of the officers thrown out by the reorganization will also forwarded.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Pell and Major Chalmers, Lay's cavalry regiment, will rejoin their regiment without delay. Colonel Pell will collect all stragglers from his regiment and report with them to Colonel Pell will collect all stragglers from his regiment and report with them to Colonel Wheeler, commanding at Boston.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. D. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 2. Knoxville, Tenn., September 27, 1862.

I. The major-general commanding has learned with regret that persons claiming to be acting under military authority have, under the pretext of seizing property for the public service, oppressed and depredated on the citizens of this department. It is therefore ordered that private property shall in no case be taken for military purposes, except on written authority, signed by the assistant adjutant-general or by the chief quartermaster, commissary, or ordnance officer attached to these

