
headquarters. In every case in which such authority is thus granted the officer giving it shall immediately report in writing to the major-general commanding the articles impressed and the circumstances which rendered such impressment necessary. Proper receipts at fair valuation shall always be given.

II. Violation of this order by officers or men will be visited with the severest punishment, though it is expected that the service will not be disgraced by men wearing the uniform of the Confederate States engaging in such lawless and disgraceful acts.

By command of Major General Samuel Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,September 28, 1862-10 a. m.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: When I reached Salt River last night at 1.30 o'clock it was so dark that Major Bankhead requested to remain until daylight in order that he might observe the face of the country. I sent 100 ment o this place as an advance guard and halted until daylight. My main force is now here. I have a force at Floyd's Creek, 3 miles beyond this place, with pickets in front. I will have heavy picketing to do with a small force. I am anxiously awaiting intelligence from Major Smith, who was ordered at 10 o'clock last night to occupy Shepherdsville and utterly destroy the bridge at that place. As soon as I learn that this has been accomplished I will push forward. Buell's cavalry, said to be about 5,000, arrived in Louisville day before yesterday, and are now encamped on this pike 4 miles from Louisville, at the intersection of this and the Taylorsville road. I have sent forward a scout under a good officer to proceed toward until he finds the enemy. The information in relation to buell's cavalry and its locality I have from a gentleman who arrived from Louisville last night. I believe what he says, save as to the number, which is doubtless exaggerated; but nothing can be more certain than that they have a large cavalry force in and around Louisville and that they servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Mount Washington, Ky., September 28, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Asst. Adjt. General Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I inclose report* of Major Smith just received. I am unable to furnish either powder or the drill. I learn from the courier that neighed could be obtained in the vicinity of Shepherdsville. Be kind enough to have Major Smith's demands supplied, as General Polk has expressed great desire to have the bridge destroyed. Are your orders peremptory as to the forces at Taylorsville and Shepherdsville remain

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

