
soon as they are exchanged they will be forward to their respective companies. The Richmond Enquirer of a few days back contained a notification from R. Ould, exchange agent, which will doubtless cover the cases of many of them. All men of Breckinridge's command will be detained until instructions are received from him, which it is presumed will be in a few days. The general commanding approves your course inn reference to the officers of General Bragg's command, and wishes you to send forward the detachments as soon as they can be formed. It is not practicable to order a general court-material at the present moment.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., September 29, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Left Wing, Army of the just been received from Lieutenant Walker, commanding picket from Crawford's regiment, Georgia cavalry, on the near side of New Haven, of the reported captured capture of all or a part of that regiment about daylight this morning, accompanied by corroborative testimony, that induces the general to forward the same to you to the end that the necessary steps may be taken in the premises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Numbers -. Danville, Ky., September 29, 1862.

I. A camp of instruction for new troops will be established at or near the side of Old Camp Dick Robinson, to be known as Camp Breckinridge. Major General S. B. Buckner is assigned to the command, and will also exercise the command of the troops at Danville, Harrodsburg, the depot at Braynstville, and the station en route to Cumberland Gap. General Buckner is authorized, at his discretion, to visit any point of Kentucky.

II. On being relieved by troops from Brigadier General Stevenson's command, Colonel Down, with his command, will rejoin his division.

III. Colonel Grigsby's regiment of cavalry, near Danville, will report to Major-General Buckner, commanding Camp Breckinridge, for orders.

IV. The headquarters of Colonel Palmer's Partisan Corps will be transferred from Cumberland Gap to London, Ky., where he will station two-thirds of his infantry and three companies of cavalry, the balance to be stationed at Barboursville, Ky. Regular scouts will be kept up on the route from Cumberland Gap to Mount Vernon, and escorts will be furnished all trains and couriers.

V. The subsistence department will place 200,000 rations at London and 100,000 at Cumberland Gap as soon as practicable, in addition to supply necessary for the garrison at these places.

By command of General Bragg:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

