
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 29, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Richmond, Va.:

There is a Federal garrison of about 4,000 at Nashville. I left the vicinity yesterday. I have the city surrounded with cavalry, but no infantry or artillery. They must be dislodged to enable us to fortify Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers. General Breckinridge will be here in a few days en route to Kentucky. It is vitally important that he be ordered through Nashville. He can go by rail. Answer.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT O FEAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 29, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: I inclose with this a telegram from Slaughter. It was forwarded to me from Chattanooga:

Major-General Breckinridge, a part of whose command is looked for here to-day, telegraphs me from Mobile that he has with him but 2,000 of the exchanged prisoners and but 3,000 of his own division.

I understood from you that some 6,000 or 7,000 of the exchanged prisoners would be sent to Chattanooga, there to be organized and disposed of, and Slaughter telegraphed me on the 19th from Jackson to prepare to receive 4,000 of them. It seems now that we are to get but 2,000. As you are so far in advance that any orders you may give in the matter would be a long time in reaching their destination, I have reported the facts of the case to the Adjutant-General for such action as may be thought proper. The non-arrival of the wagons and teams, which you informed me Generals Polk and Hardee would send back to Chattanooga and which you directed me to use in transporting the spare arms and ammunition to Kentucky,has greatly retarded General Maxey's movements. I trust, however, that he will soon deliver the arms to General Smith, and that they will be put into the hands of good and true Kentuckians who know how to use them to effect in our cause. Only 60 wagons had been procured by General Breckinridge's command. When I ascertained that he would not come to Chattanooga I turned over a part of them at or near Battle Creek, and a part were sent with parties of convalescents to overtake your army before it crossed Cumberland. I have there fore been called on to procure transportation, not only for the arms, but for General Breckinridge's command. Agents were sent in every direction to procure the transportation, and I am glad to say that I do not think General Breckinridge will meet with any delay here for want of transportation.

I have not received a line from you since the 12th instant, and am apprehensive that some of your couriers and men have been captured by the enemy. I congratulate you on your success at Munfordville and most sincerely hope to hear of other successes. The Northern papers which were exultant over what they represented as the most decisive victory at Sharpsburg, are now admitting it to have been a drawn battle; but I need not tell you what the Northern papers are saying. No doubt you have much latter news from source than I have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

