HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 29, 1862.

Gov. ISHAM G. HARRIS, Chattanooga, Tenn:

Direct the command officer at Tullahoma, in my name, to move Morgan's and Gunter's cavalry up near to Nashville, to co-operate with any troops in that vicinity in harassing the enemy and cutting off foraging parties, but be constantly on the alert to prevent being surprised themselves.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 29, 1862.

Colonel ALEXANDER McKINSTRY,

Commanding Post, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you forward to General Bragg's headquarters the dispatches and letters, also those directed to Brigadier-General Jordan, chief of staff as soon as Captain Bradshaw opens the line. You will send Captain Dure's battery to Tullahoma, but will let the 24-pounders remain where they are until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. FRASER,

Aide-de-Camp and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 6. Knowville, Tenn., September 29, 1862.

Information has reached the commanding general that Partisan Rangers, cavalry companies, or members thereof, and perhaps other connected with the military service, have seized horses, mules, wagons, and teams, and other property belonging to alien enemies, including East Tennessee who had joined the service of the United States or taken protection under that Government. Such Seizures on the part of the military are in conflict with the sequestration laws of the Confederate States and an encroachment upon the jurisdiction of the civil authorities of the land and will not be tolerated. The military therefore are expressly prohibited from seizing or in any manner interfering with property belonging to the calls of persons aforesaid, and all officers and soldiers in this department who have any time taken into their possession any property belonging to alien enemies, including as aforesaid East Tennesseeans who have joined the Federal armies or in any manner taken protection under the Government of the United States, are hereby required to report to the receivers at this place the kind and description of property taken, when and from whom, and what disposition has been made of the same, and will at the same time deliver to said sequestration laws of the Confederate States.

By command of Major General S. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

