
RICHMOND, VA., September 30, 1862.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The Department does not feel at liberty to modify General Breckinridge's orders or to change his route,* not knowing what instructions he has received from General Bragg or what movements he is expected to co-operate in.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., September 30, 1862.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Left Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say in reply to your note of to-day that you can make any disposition of your forces which you may deem most advisable. He trusts to your discretion to do what is best for the service. you can withdraw Colonel Allen's regiment from the junction. He directs me also to say that the has about 50 or 60 of the Third Georgia Cavalry between this place and New haven, which he is using. he intended to collect them all at this encampment, but if you can make use of those who are with you you can retain them. As soon another company be obtained to replace the part of the regiment between this place and Hew Haven they will be ordered to report to you to be organized in some way.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-Colonel.

DANVILLE, KY., September 30, [1862.]

[General POLK:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: General Stevenson has arrived here from Cumberland Gap with 8,000 fine troops. Morgan (Federal) has made a turn to the right and is trying to escape by way of the Sandy. I fear Kirby Smith is not in time to head him, but our cavalry under Morgan is harassing him and getting many prisoners, besides destroying his trains. His command is ruined for any useful purpose. Stevenson will replace Cleburne at Shelbyville and he will rejoin you. He is ordered for the present to stop at Taylorsville, and from the appearance of you camp, want of water &amp;c., I consider it best to move your troops forward. This will serve the better to invest Louisville and to cover important, mills in our front from which to draw supplies. Reconnoiter the ground well, and if favorable encamp your main bodies on the Seven Mile Creek, holding Taylorsville, Shepherdsville, &c., drive the enemy from Elizabethville; then feel that, so as to see what they have there and if we may not pick it up.

I shall be in Lexington to-morrow, and on Friday or Saturday shall inaugurate the governor of Kentucky at Frankfort. I met him here just from Richmond.

---------------

*See Harris to Randolph, September 29, p. 888.

---------------

