
they can find the surrounding county. This will be ground and removed to the Gap as rapidly as possible. All mills in that section, and especially those at Manchester, should be kept going night and day, and no efforts spared to gather up as much flour as possible.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Numbers -, 	 Boston, Ky., September 30, 1862.

To Commanders of Regiments, Battalions, and Detachments:

The exigencies of our situation demand the strict observance of the following orders:

I. In case of the surprise and attack of any camp the men must immediately seize their guns and repulse the enemy a every hazard.

II. The adjoining camps will immediately mount and charge in upon the enemy to aid in his repulse.

III. To secure the end proposed by the above orders the command must under all circumstances sleep on their arms.

The colonel commanding is confident that the officers and soldiers comprising his command will cheerfully comply with the above, and that it is unnecessary to remind them that they will be held perfectly responsible for its execution.

D. G. REED,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., September 30, 1862.

Colonel [L. M.] ALLEN,

Commanding Sixty-fourth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will immediately proceed with a detachment with a detachment of 75 cavalry and 250 infantry to Sevier Country, Tennessee, to break up and capture a body of armed men said to be in that county near Bluff Mountain Such persons as you may take will be forwarded to these headquarters. Should resistance be offered, you will of course use any force requisite to accomplish your object. You will see that no injury is done to the persons or property of peaceable citizens. Forage or subsistence citizens. Forage or subsistence will be taken only in cases of necessity; reasonable compensation will be made. Citizens known to be of Union sentiment but engaging in no act of hostility will be molested. Those who are aiding or abetting the armed band referred to these headquarters. So soon as this object is accomplished you will return with the infantry, leaving the detachment of cavalry under the command of a suitable officer to carry out the instructions from the provost-marshal inclosed herewith. Three days rations will be carried and the general commanding expects you to use the utmost promptness and energy in carrying out the instructions conveyed therein.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

