
Now that President Lincoln's Government has thrown off the mask and openly declared its purpose, the people of Kentucky are no longer in doubt as to what it behooves them to do to secure their constitutional rights and independence. They are flocking by thousands to our standard. Let East Tennessee no longer hesitate, but spring to arms, rally to our standard, and emulate on future battle-fields the noble example of our gallant and heroic soldiers at Manassas and Shiloh, Chickahominy and Malvern Hill Sharpsburg and Harper's Ferry, and many other fields on which Souther soldiers have exhibited to the world what Southern men can do when battling for their independence. When such work is to be done and such examples set the descendants of the heroes of King's Mountain should not be absent.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

NICHOLASVILLE, KY., October 1, 1862.

Major-General POLK:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your note of 29th* reached me here last night, the arrival of General Stevenson at Danville having carried me that of the shameful and disgraceful conduct of our troops at New Haven, but we have a set-off to it in the Army of Kentucky. Colonel Duke, on the Ohio, captured on the same day an equal number of prisoners after killing and wounding over 50. Please score our side and orders and make the contrast against them. It will never do to allow the enemy thus to gain our rear. It is very important that we hold the road at Elizabethtown. As soon as possible our cavalry shall be increased. The regiment at Danville is no yet organized and is not therefore available. We reach Lexington this morning and Frankfort on Friday. Enthusiasm is unbounded, but recruiting at a discount; even the women are giving reasons why individuals cannot go.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., October 1, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Left Wing:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me, in reply to your suggestion to withdraw 1 mile in rear of your present position with

a view to lessen the picket duty, to say you are authorized to fall back the distance indicated and to add that must necessarily be left to your discretion in such matters, and he will expect you to exercise in it all cases of the kind. Major Whaley's battalion, which was ordered some days since to report to Colonel Wharton, will continue on duty with you until further orders.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

