
rations, to strike them on the flank. With Smith in front and our own gallant army on the flank I see no hope for Buell if he is rash enough to come out. I only fear it is not true. I will send you cavalry as soon as this move is developed. Hold yourself informed by scouts toward Shelbyville, and if you discover a heavy force that has moved on Frankfort strike without further orders, leaving your front and flanks well covered.

Yours, most truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding, &amp;c.,
HEADQUARTERS,Lexington, Ky., October 2, 1862-1p. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi, Bardstown, Ky.:

GENERAL: The enemy is certainly advancing on Frankfort. Put your whole available force in motion by Bloomfield and strike him in flank and rear. If we can combine our movements he is certainly lost. Your information of the 30th was correct, but your courier was two days and nights getting here. Dispatch me frequently to Frankfort.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bardstown, Ky., October 2, 1862-3 a. m.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding:

COLONEL: Colonel Wharton, writing from Mount Washington at 9 p. m. yesterday, states that he was attacked in force at Wilsonville, Shepherdsville, and in front of Mount Washington; that the force on his left flank was forced back, thereby rendering his position at Mount Washington hazardous. Major-General Polk has instructed him to fall back on the Bardstown and Louisville pike to such position as he might deem advisable. Keep constantly communication with Wharton and conform your movements to the exigencies of the occasion, keeping me constantly movements of the enemy.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Bardstown, Ky., October 2, 1862-8 a. m.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I desire you will send a squadron on the road leading from this place to Shepherdsville. I have just sent a brigade to Cox's Creek on that road, 9 miles distant from this place, and I want the officer with the squadron to report to the officer in command of that brigade. We are unable to determine whether the enemy is merely feeling us or intends an attack on this place. Get all the information in your power. No further news since my note of this morning.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

57 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

