HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., October 2, 1862-10 a. m.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of yours of 30th from Danville. Where preparing to make the reconnaissance you directed I was informed of a forward movement of the enemy in this direction. The movement was developed yesterday, and was made on all three of the roads I am on from this place to Louisville, to with, via Shepherdsville, Mount Washington, and Taylorsville. Colonel Wharton's pickets were driven in on all the roads, and have fallen back to Shepherdsville, Mount Washington, and Taylorsville. The enemy are reported to have appeared in strong force on all the roads, chiefly on the Mount Washington pike, with cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Wharton has thus far behaved very well; he has left small pickets on his right and left at Taylorsville and Shepherdsville, and concentrated his force at Mount Washington. I have intelligence from him up to 5.30 this morning. He had not been attacked up to that time. I have posted a brigade at the Seven Mile Creek-Cox's-on the Louisville pike and brigade on the Shepherdsville road on the same creek 9 miles out. I shall keep the enemy well under observation, and my action will be governed by the circumstances which shall be developed. If an opportunity presents itself I will strike. If it shall be clearly inexpedient to do that I will, according to your suggestion, fall back on Harrodsburg and Danville on the roads indicated by you, with a view to a concentration with General E. K. Smith, Stevenson, &amp;c. It seems to me we are too much scattered. The movement of the enemy forward will deprive us of the mills upon which we have been relying hitherto, and if three be a part of the Save where provisions are abundant there it is where we should concentrate.

Since beginning this note I have a dispatch from Colonel Cleburne at Shelbyville informing me that the enemy last night at 10 o'clock were in strong force within 5 miles of his position, rousseau commanding one of the division. He though we would be compelled to fall back on Frankfort. I have no orders for him, as he is reporting to you but shall keep an eye on the line on which he will retire. We have been enable thus far to accumulate not more than two days' provisions of bread above our daily wants. I send to-day all the sick in a condition to move to the depot, with all surplus arms and wagons.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

L. POLK,

Major-Genera, Commanding.

P. S. - I send you a dispatch received from Colonel Cleburne.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., October 2, 1862.

Colonel W. G. DAVIS, Frankfort, Ky.:

General Heth's command will be in Frankfort to-night. Keep me constantly informed be telegraph of enemy's movements. I will be in Frankfort to-night.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

