HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have about 150,000 rations and 500 sacks of grain in depot behind Seven Mile Creek, and besides these some smaller quantities left in division depots.

Your orders yesterday were to haul all these to Corinth, and I have undertaken it, but to accomplish it will delay my operations a week. I would therefore suggest that your commissary and quartermaster take the supplies in the main depot, where thay are, and issue them from there to the divisions, which now send all the way to the river. Nothing more would be necessary than to send a small guard to take, charge and an officer or agent to receive them. The supplis in division depots I will have gathered up. I will take my ammunition.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, MISS., June 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

After fully considering the whole matter I am satisfied that your line of operations should be on Chattanooga and Cleveland or Dalton instead of McMinnville. At the same time Mitchel should keep forces enough at McMinnville or on the line to Nashville to hold the enemy in check. By moving on Chattanooga you prevent a junction between Smith and Beauregard and are on the direct line to Atlanta. Smith must abandon East Tennessee or be captured. A locomotive and cars go to Florence to-day.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS,

Corinth, June 11, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The First Regiment of Ohio Cavalry belongs properly to Thomas' division, and when I left Booneville I directed it to come in with the division. General Pope has detained it. My cavalry force is limited, and where I am going the services of this regiment are imperatively necessary. The little cavalry I now have in Tennessee is broken down by constant hard work. I request that the regiment may be brought in and accompany Thomas' division.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General MITCHEL:

General Morgan is advancing on Cumberland Gap. Endeavor as much as possible to keep your force in an attitude to threaten Chattanooga and occupy the attention of Kirby Smith. How many roads do you find leading to Chattanooga between McMinnville and the river? What is their condition and which the best? What is the condition of the road by Jasper from Stevenson?

D. C. BUELL,Major-General.

