
less you must follow the movement; but the movements of the enemy should make it necessary hold position until the evening of the 5th instant. My wing will move on Harrodsburg via Glenville, Willisburg, Mackville, and Kenton, distance 40 miles. The other wing will proceed direct to Danville via Springfield. We have information that the enemy is advancing on Bloomfield, which place he may occupy to-day. It is also quite certain that he occupies Taylorsville and Shepherdsville and in force at or near Mount Washington, on the Louisville and Bardstown pike. I want 200 cavalry to accompany my column. I propose to take 100 from the Shepherdsville pike; the other 100 you must send me from the cavalry with you. The 100 from the Shepherdsville pike I will order to join me by 6 a.m. to-morrow; the other 100 must be here by 10 o'clock to-morrow; the former for advance, the latter for rear guard.
With high respect,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Bardstown, Ky., October 3, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that from information of the movements of the enemy upon the Louisville and Bardstown pike he has changed his intentions in regard to the movements of your command, and he now directs that the main body of your command move to this place, arriving at Bardstown about 7 o'clock to-morrow morning. Pickets large enough to deceive the enemy will be left in position, and will retire about 12 o'clock to-morrow via New Haven to the point indicated by the staff officer sent you. The general wishes to see you in person, and desires you to come ahead of your command and reach this place at 5 a.m. Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,High Grove, Ky., October 3, 1862-7 p.m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy pressed me late this evening from the position I held. Without they march to-night they will encamp to-night at a small creek 3 1/2 miles from here in the direction of Louisville. I have annoyed them to such an extent to-day that they only advanced 3 miles. This morning about 8 a.m. they sent in a flag of truce with communications for General Bragg. The officer remained voluntarily with my advance for several hours awaiting a reply. During this time they fired upon my vedettes and moved a brigade on their right flank through the woods, emerging into this pike 200 yards in front of my position and 1 1/2 miles in the rear of my advance and this column advancing on the pike. I could have opened on them with terrible effect, both with small-arms as well as grape, but I immediately sent the officer in command of flag of truce, telling him that there was a flag of truce 1 1/2 miles in his front.

