
He withdrew his forces into a gorge not 300 yards from where my cannon was planted and men formed for battle. The entire division moved during the pendency of the truce, and a brigade moving 1 1/2 miles in the rear of my advance forces I addressed a communication to the general commanding in reference to this violation of military etiquette and law, and I inclose you Major-General Thomas' answer, * which is false in three particulars, and does not touch the fact if this moving his army. No one detained his officer.

The enemy are now about 4 miles from our infantry. I think it highly probable that the forces on the Taylorsville and Shepherdsville roads will join their columns by two roads leading into pike from these two places about one miles from here toward Louisville. I go in a few moments to visit the general command of our advance infantry and advise him of what I know. I am told by Major Smith that a lieutenant and 15 men, who where with him in advance, have not returned. The major says the enemy captured them while the truce was pending. I shall demand them in the morning.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

NEAR SALT RIVER,

Louisville and Bardstown Pike, Ky., October 3, 1862-7 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of yesterday, advising me of the locality of your forces, was received yesterday during an engagement with the enemy. I have been engaged with the enemy every day for three days. My main force is here; I have small force on Shepherdsville and Bardstown pike. The enemy are advancing in force on this road (Taylorsville and Shepherdsville road). Thomas' division is said to have been at Shepherdsville yesterday evening, Rousseau's near Taylorsville, and I think Boyle commands the force on this road. They are also advancing on the Louisville and Shepherdsville road, so Colonel Scott advises me.

Yours, most respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FRANKFORT, KY., October 3, 1862-8 p.m.

[General POLK:]

DEAR GENERAL: I just have yours of yesterday p.m. I have sent you several dispatches' since yesterday morning desiring you to move your force on the enemy, who was making a descent on this point. That move has proved to be only a feint and has ceased. You will act accordingly, but I desire you to hold your command ready for a junction at any moment, and if possible place one flank at Taylorsville. Just as soon as Morgan gets in from his pursuit of his namesake you shall have cavalry. To-morrow we inaugurate the civil Governor here, and transfer to him all that department. The brigades of Cleburne and Preston Smith will soon rejoin you. We have 5,000 men just arrived at Danville; 2,000 more I hear are nearly up, and Breckinridge has at

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

