
Smith's forces here will soon do the same. General Smith's whole force is concentrating here and we will strike the enemy just as soon as we can concentrate. Send ahead to have provisions at Harrodsburg. Keep the men in heart by assuring them it is not a retreat, but a concentration for a fight. We can and must defeat them. Advise me frequently of your movements and if the enemy follow you.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Frankfort, Ky., October 4, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi, on road to Danville, Ky.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: We shall put our Governor in power soon and then I propose to seek the enemy. Your dispatch of the 2d, [10] a.m., including General Cleburne's, just received here. He has fallen back to Frankfort, but our cavalry is yet well in front, and no advance by the enemy was made this side of Shelbyville at 3 o'clock this morning. All our available forces are ordered up, and we will strike as soon as concentration is practicable wherever the enemy may be. Bring forward all the available force from Camp Breckinridge and Danville, except just enough to hold those places against cavalry. Take command of Colonel Grigsby's cavalry regiment at Danville and all forces in your vicinity. Maxey's column of 2,000 ought to be up by this time and Colonel Jones' of 1,200. Put them in harness at once. I should suppose the enemy would move on this place, the capital and nearest route to our supplies at Lexington, but it may be he hopes to strike you alone. Use every means to gain information and let me hear from you often. If not otherwise directed my staff will join me from Harrodsburg. I have ordered flour and bread to you, but the country around ought to supply you.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-1.30 p.m.-Enemy in heavy force advancing on us; only 12 miles out. Shall destroy bridges and retire on Harrodsburg for concentration and then strike. Reach that point as soon as possible.

GLENVILLE, KY., October 4, [1862]-12 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have scarcely cavalry to do a little picketing, including my own escort. I must have more. Send me all you can spare. This is a most execrable road-hilly, rocky, and slippery. The cavalry which went to Chaplin. Send me, I said, all the cavalry you can spare, at least 100. I judge you had better leave with your entire force in time to reach this place before daylight; otherwise you might be cut off, as the enemy at Boomfield might interpose a force between us.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

