
we are liable to attack at any moment, and there is no safety except in being always ready. Neither men nor officers should therefore be unnecessarily absent from their colors. Especially is it necessary and proper, to secure discipline and efficiency, that officers of all grades shall share the privations and exposures of their men. In no instance will they be allowed to occupy towns or country houses while their men are i camp or bivouac. Mounted men must not be allowed to ride their horses except on duty, and no man should be permitted to take his arms from camp without written orders.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding Post, Cumberland Gap, Ky.:

COLONEL: In reply to your dispatch of to-day the major-general commanding directs me to say that he is making every effort to raise a force sufficient for the protection of the Gap, and will forward re-enforcements as soon as possible. He approves the course you have adopted in regard to the salt, which you can continue until otherwise directed. He is endeavoring to get transportation here to bring a considerable quantity to this place. If the prisoners will be unable to march for any considerable length of time they had better be forwarded to Richmond, to relieve your limited command of the necessary guard duty. I send quite a bundle of letters and dispatches to be forwarded to Generals Bragg and Smith. The Honorable T. A. R. Nelson will be out to-morrow in the paper in a very strong address to the people of East Tennessee, which it is hoped may have a good effect in this section.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel H. Maury,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

I wish you to move up with your regiment to Murfreesborough. Push forward the cavalry and Freeman's battery to La Vergne, from that point to reconnoiter Nashville, cut off scouting parties, and in every way harass the enemy and watch the opportunity to drive them out of Nashville. Use great caution and watch the left well. Some of Rosecrans' men may come in that direction. Keep me informed every day of what you are doing.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 4, 1862.

Editor ATHENS POST:

SIR: An address to the people of East Tennessee, by Thomas A. R. Nelson, will appear in the Knoxville Register to-morrow. I desire that

