
General Buell desires you to give the name and rank of the officer referred to in your letter as quoted above. If you do not know his name you will doubtless be able to ascertain it by following up your inquiries.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WRIGHT,]

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 2, 1862.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENE,

Nashville:

The Seventy-fourth Ohio goes to Murfreesborough; don't start it to Franklin. Order General Negley for the present to put small guards at the bridges near Franklin from the troops he is ordered to leave at Columbia. How are those bridges guarded now, and when and why was the Sixty-ninth Ohio taken from that line? Order the four companies of Seventy-fourth Ohio to remain at Lebanon and the one at Mill Creek bridges to remain where they are for the present. Do you know whether Board got your orders and where he is now?

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, July 2, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

The bridges at Franklin are guarded by four companies of the Sixty-ninth Ohio. They were ordered away by General Mitchel the morning I returned. Colonel Campbell telegraphed me that he was ordered off, and asked instructions whether to obey or not. I knew the bridges were all-important, but supposed General Mitchel had authority unknown to me to order them away. I replied to Colonel Campbell to communicate with General Mitchel and find if it was of special importance that his regiment should comply with the order. The reply was affirmative to obey the order, but to leave behind a force necessary to insure the safety of the bridges.

The regiment marched to Murfreesborough, thence to this city, and I ordered four companies immediately to Franklin. I can get no communication with Board.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, July 2, 1862.

Colonel FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

The Eleventh Michigan, Fifty-first and Sixty-ninth Ohio, are in and near this city. Five companies Seventy-fourth Ohio and headquarters leave to-morrow for Franklin to guard the bridges in that vicinity. Four companies, under the major, are at Lebanon; one company at the Mill Creek bridges of Murfreesborough Railroad; Twenty-eighth Kentucky, five companies at Gallatin; Fiftieth Indiana and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry on Louisville and Nashville Railroad; Third Minnesota Ninth Michigan, and Eighth Kentucky on Chattanooga railroad near

