
place and country are so abundant with supplies I am of the opinion that a sufficient force should be sent immediately to insure safety and aid in getting away the stores.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN M. BUGHS,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment and Post.

DANVILLE, KY., October 5, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, for Major-General Polk, Commanding, &c.:

MAJOR: By order of General Bragg, upon being relieved at this post, I was directed to rejoin my division. As soon as relieved I marched within a day of Bardstown and learned its evacuation and that the army was moving hence. I returned here this evening and hear that possibly General Anderson's division, may be at Harrodsburg. Please advise me to what point I must march to meet it. I have with me two regiments of infantry and two squadrons of cavalry. We were sent with the ordnance and subsistence train the day after we reached Bardstown 60 miles, moving 20 miles per day; uncloaked the heavy trains and started back. The command is unfit for duty without a little rest. The men's feet are so much blistered that we cannot move very fast or far.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. DOWD,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Miss. Vols., Commanding Escort.

SPRINGFIELD, KY., October 5, 1862-11 a.m.

Colonel WHEELER:

COLONEL: On receipt of this proceed with your command by the most direct route to this pike. I shall need you as my rear guard. Leave 50 to follow on the road leading from Glenville to Harrodsburg with orders to communicate any information of the movements of the enemy. I would prefer you to encamp to-night at or near this place. My command will encamp at Little Beech Fork, 5 1/2 miles distant. I sent you a dispatch this moment by the way of Willisburg to the same tenor.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

P. S.-Let 20 men of this force proceed at once to Harrodsburg and await my arrival and give aid to some engineers I am dispatching there.

SPRINGFIELD, KY., October 5, 1862.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: It is supposed that you will be at Willisburg, when this dispatch reaches you. I desire you to proceed from that point or any other you may be by the nearest road to intersect this pike with your command. I shall need your for my rear guard. Leave 50 men on the Harrodsburg road to keep me informed of what is going on in that direction. General Polk has some secret agents on the left flank. If

58 R R-VOL XVI, PT II.

