
they give your pickets any information have it conveyed to General Polk at Harrodsburg and to me on this road. I shall encamp to-night at Little Beech Fork, 5 1/2 miles from this place. Join me at this place. If you intersect the road at Springfield or between Springfield and Little Beech Fork I would prefer it. It would suit me to have your forces at Springfield to-night.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Springfield, Ky., October 5, [1862]-2.45 p.m.

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that when you arrive at this place you relieve Lieutenant Colonel [James A.] Pell (Seventh [Sixth] Confederate Cavalry), who is left in charge here, and order him forward with his detachment (100 men), with orders to report at these headquarters, 1 miles on the Danville road, as soon as possible, for special duty. Wharton left a small picket at the Fredericksburg Bridge, with which the general wishes you to put yourself in communication. It is intended that the main body of your command shall remain at Springfield until to-morrow at 10 o'clock, at which time it will retire to Perryville, leaving a picket on the Little Beech Fork, and await further orders.

Very respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp on Little Beech Fork, eight miles from Springfield, Ky.,

October 5, 1862-8 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Left Wing:

COLONEL: General Hardee this morning sent orders for your command to move to Springfield and bring up the rear. The order was repeated during the day, but nothing has as yet been received in acknowledgment of it. The general directs me to say again that Wharton has been sent off, and it is important that you should come up at once. Colonel Pell is at Springfield. Send him forward to report to General Hardee when you arrive at that point. Your command will retire to Perryville, following the movements of this wing, and there await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Versailles, Ky., October 5, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you try to place yourself in communication with Colonel Allston, who was ordered

