
IV. Chiefr od staff departments will establish uniform rates at which supplies are to be paid for, instructing their subordinates, reporting to headquarters their action.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp on Little Beech Fork, Ky., October 6, 1862-4 o'clock.

Colonel WHEELER,

Army of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: In reply to yours asking at what hour you shall commence to retire upon Perryville, I am instructed to say about 11 o'clock, leaving a picket at Springfield until night, at which time it will be withdrawn to this place-Little Beech Fork.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PERRYVILLE, KY., October 6, 1862-8 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

Let me know precisely your position, how many miles from this place, &amp;c. I learn that the information may not be reliable that the enemy's cavalry force are moving in strength to get in your rear. Fall back to-night as near this place as you may judge necessary to your safety and advance again in the morning. If he wishes to fight, let him come on.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 6, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &c., Versailles, Ky.:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches have been received and sent on to General Smith, who has gone on to Harrodsburg to have an interview with General Bragg. I inclose an order to you for Colonel Scott, direction him to report to you for orders. General Smith directs that if he does not obey your orders you will arrest him. General Smith also directs me to inform you that this road is bad, but not impracticable; that when you move you can bring your artillery by this route if you choose, and that direction will be sent you as to the road your wagons must take. I inclose you an order for Colonel Duke, which please send on to him at once. I have requested General Heth to give me notice if he leaves Salvisa toward Harrodsburg, in order that I may give you timely information of the move, but as General Cleburne is now moving up to his support he will probably be able to check the enemy, should they move against him, until the arrival of additional troops from Harrodsburg. There is a rumor that the enemy entered Lawrenceburg this morning at sunrise, but I hardly think it true. Your note of 10 o'clock just received. Respectfully, &c.,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

