
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 6, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th ultimo has been received. The prohibition of all exportation should only be made in case of absolute necessity, and the reports of the commissaries as to their difficulties should be received with many grains of allowance. They would not hesitate to lay an embargo merely to lighten their own labors. In Virginia it is necessary, because there is a large army in the State, one-half of which has been ravaged by the enemy, and the crop has failed in the other half. With Tennessee and Kentucky both to draw from it is difficult to see how there can be excessive scarcity in your department.

You will prohibit the exportation of provisions by speculators, and impress where they accumulate stocks for speculation, paying cost to the owners. You will also forbid exportation in very large quantities; and if you are entirely sure that the army cannot be supplied otherwise you must use your discretion in allowing food to be exported.

Respectfully,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,One mile from McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 7, 1862.

Colonel BENJAMIN ALLSTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Lawrenceburg., Ky.:

SIR: Your note of this afternoon just received. As the general does not know by whose authority Major Cobb is on the Taylorsville road, nor whose front he is covering, nor to whom he reports, he can give no answer to application. You are authorized to retain the two companies of General Buford's cavalry until further notice. You will make your reports to General Stevenson at Versailles. Colonel Scott's cavalry is just this side of Frankfort. By to-morrow evening Generals Heth and Churchill will both joined General Stevenson, so the greater part of the Army of Kentucky will be in the vicinity of Versailles. General Smith and staff will be near there. General Withers' division will probably be up with you to-morrow, otherwise it will probably occupy Salvisa. The indications are at present that a battle will be fought not far from Versailles. The major-general wishes you to push your pickets far enough out to the front to find out where the enemy is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 7, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Harrodsburg, Ky.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 7.30 o'clock this morning is received.* Your views therein expressed had been anticipated. Two very intelli-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

