
gent boys were captured yesterday by Scott's cavalry and have just arrived here. They belong to the Ninety-third Ohio, and give the following information: On the night before last McCook's, Rousseau's, and

-----

's commands passed their camp, 1 1/2 miles this side Shelbyville, on the Shelbyville and Frankfort road. They know McCook and Rousseau by sight and they say they saw them pass. The name of the third general they do not know. They say Buell is with the force sent around by Bardstown. I will send these boys down to you. I am rather inclined to believe their statement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Near McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 7, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding:

GENERAL: I inclose you General Stevenson's dispatch, with information of the enemy's crossing at Frankfort in force. General Stevenson has been instructed to send his wagons to Nicholasville and Versailles pike. Marshall has been instructed to halt his command near the junction of the above pike, and can then move according to orders. If Stevenson should fall back Lexington and the country east of the Kentucky is lost. Heth is instructed, leaving his wagons at Salvisa, to move with his effective force to the support of Stevenson. Taylor's brigade moves to the same point, sending his wagons, with those of General Stevenson, to Nicholasville. Having concentrated, I shall attack the enemy on the first opportunity. I have issued the above orders under the circumstances. I have no instructions from you, and to have waited for them would have necessitated the falling back of Stevenson from Versailles and prevented the junction with Taylor. Lawrenceburg should be occupied by our troops as rapidly as possible. Withers' division encamped last night within a short march of it. The extended position of the enemy from Springfield to Frankfort offers an opportunity for cutting his center toward Taylorsville and falling on either of his wings. My concentration at Versailles is advantageous for the movement. I either strike at the force which crosses at Frankfort or, if the move on Frankfort is a feint, cover the Kentucky River with my whole command at Lawrenceburg and come up on your right. From Versailles a retreat is open to me toward Nicholasville should you determine upon a concentration to the rear of Harrodsburg.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

VERSAILLES, KY., October 7, 1862.

Colonel PEGRAM, Chief of Staff:

Colonel Scott reports that the enemy have crossed the river at Frankfort with a force which he estimates at 20,000 and have driven in his pickets at the Georgetown and Frankfort road. Nothing from you since last evening.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

