HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 7, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this evening has been received.* The enemy has made no move from Frankfort, nor do I think they have crossed the river in very large force. The force crossed is entirely infantry, and until a crossing can be made their artillery cannot be brought over. An attack upon them could not be followed up across the river under these circumstances. I have requested Withers and Cheatham to halt their commands at Lawrenceburg until they receive further instructions of the enemy's plans develop themselves.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,McCown's Ferry, Ky., October 7, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you will move General Churchill's division to-morrow morning up to your camp, where both commands will remain until further orders. He further directs that you report by return courier whether there is sufficient water at your camping grounds for both commands.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Near McCown's Ferry, October 7, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding, &c., Salvisa, Ky.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move with all your effective force to the support of General Stevenson at Versailles immediately. You will move by McCown's Ferry, taking only such of your men as can keep up a hard march. Your wagons will be left a little to the rear of your present position in a safe place. You will bring your ordnance and ambulance train. The ordnance train in charge of Captain Pierce, which is encamped 4 or 5 miles from you, will remain with your baggage train. The enemy (reported 20,000 strong) has crossed at Frankfort. The general thinks it would be well to let your troops know that in all probability they will have a battle. He desires you to move as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

