
all your force, except two battalions that we this morning ordered you to send to Colonel Wharton, who will bring up the rear on the Harrodsburg road.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Harrodsburg, Ky., October 9, [1862]-3.15 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: In reply to yours of 9 a.m. to-day the major-general commanding directs that you fall back slowly to Danville, arriving in front of that place and reporting to the commanding officer some time to-morrow. The enemy should be delayed as much as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lawrenceburg, Ky., October 9, 1862.

General, BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I find on arriving here that the force of the enemy which passed through here and which I expected to fight this morning was 10 miles from here at midnight and was hurrying on toward the southwest on the Brooklyn road. I have therefore through it proper merely to send a cavalry force after them to capture their trains and with my troops to hurry on through Salvisa rapidly to your assistance. I shall direct General Withers to take the shortest route from where my letter finds him to Salvisa and shall order all supply and brigade trains toward Harrodsburg. I have directed General Marshall to move from Lexington to Harrodsburg. Please send a good courier to bring me your views and the situation of affairs with your left wing.

Respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Big Spring, 3 1/2 miles north of Salvisa, October 9, 1862-1.40 p.m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Harrodsburg, Ky.:

GENERAL: As the force under General Sill encamped yesterday evening 10 miles from Lawrenceburg, my plan of attack was not successful. General Withers struck the rear of his train, capturing about 500 prisoners and some 15 or 20 wagons. I have it from pretty good authority that General Rousseau is moving rapidly to the support of the force at Perryville, and that General McCook is also moving in that direction. If I had rations I should have pushed after Sill got in Buell's rear; as it is, I am hurrying rapidly to your assistance. To night General Stevenson will encamp at Salt River, about 7 miles from Harrodsburg; General Withers, with Churchill's and Taylor's brigades, at Salvisa; General Heth at this point. The men are very much fatigued,

