
but I will push on to the best of my ability. Captain Otey just this moment arrived here (2 o'clock). General Stevenson with two brigades will arrive at Harrodsburg before daylight to-morrow morning. I will push on the rest as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lawrenceburg, Ky., October 9, 1862-6.15 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS H. TAYLOR,

At or near Big Spring, Ky.:

COLONEL: If you have been left behind by General Withers march immediately for Harrodsburg, encamping as near Harrodsburg as you conveniently can, and sending word back to me where you encamp. Your ordnance train, if near Versailles, has been ordered to join you at Salvisa. If not near Versailles you had better detach an officer to find out where it is. Your brigade train will join you at Harrodsburg by way of the Shakerstown Ferry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lawrenceburg, Ky., October 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JONES M. WITHERS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that on occupying Lawrenceburg at 3.30 o'clock this morning he found that the enemy encamped last night 10 miles from this town on the Bardstown road; too far for us to overtake them. He therefore moves immediately to the support of General Bragg, who is between Harrodsburg and Perryville. He directs that you move with your command to Salvisa by the shortest route from the point where you receive this dispatch. General Churchill and Colonel Taylor, if with you, will proceed to the same point by the same route. General Churchill's trains, if near Versailles, will go to-night to Salvisa; if not near Versailles they will go to Harrodsburg. Instructions have been given to this effect. The enemy are evidently moving to form a junction with Buell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lawrenceburg, Ky., October 9., 1862-5 a.m.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding Confederate States Forces:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you take your command with all speed to Harrodsburg. You will send forward information to General Bragg of your approach.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

