
I telegraphed him the number I wanted. I had learned that not one was crossed over and no preparation made to do so. I also ordered locomotives and cars from Louisville. After a whole month two have arrived at Columbus. I can learn nothing of the others ordered. I have demanded an explanation of this neglect from the chief quartermaster at that place. I understand that General Mitchel has been ordered to Washington. He should be required to give some explanation. These delays and neglect of duty have greatly embarrassed me in supplying General Buell's forces en route against Chattanooga.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I think we can keep open the road to Decatur till you get your supplies. Had General Mitchel sent over locomotives and cars, as promised a month ago, it would have been of immense advantage. The circumstances have now greatly changed and you will exercise your discretion about crossing them, remembering that we have no rolling stock here to run between Decatur and Iuka, although we have ceased attempting to run to Memphis. The order to send troops to Washington was certainly a very inconsiderate one. After your detachment to Chattanooga and the one to General Curtis I feel barely strong enough to sustain our position in West Tennessee. To make other detachments was certain ruin. Exercise your own discretion about releasing William Richardson.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 3, 1862.

Major MURRAY,

Elk River:

Colonel McCook is charged with the general control of the transportation from Reynolds' to Elk River. You will comply with his suggestion on this subject. Report here everything of importance. You still belong to the Fourth Division and are only temporarily absent. General Buell directs that a guard be put over the cotton at Elk River Station. Use infantry for that purpose if you have it; if not take cavalry. What troops are now at your post? Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 4, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have ordered one engine to be crossed at Decatur, and another at Tuscumbia,to be repaired which I am informed can be done in two or three days by means of the workshop here. These will, I hope, enable us to get forward forage, which we very much need. Relying on General Mitchel's judgment in the matter I expected to have the road from Nashville to Stevenson open by this time, but I learn it will still take at least twelve days to build the bridge over Elk River. The whole

