
about 3,000 convalescents organized into brigades and armed, going to their regiments in Kentucky. Have no late news from General Bragg; do not know his wants, except that he does not need the arms ordered from here to him, but has ordered them sent to Forrest. In views of the condition of things in front of Nashville, the uneasy feeling in East Tennessee under the confiscation act, and the recent disaster at Corinth, I think it very important that I should have some additional force. I might at least be allowed to detain the Tennessee exchanged prisoners. If Bragg is in no danger Breckinridge's troops could render no better service than to drive the enemy from Middle Tennessee and occupy Nashville. What is the western boundary of my department? If it does not embrace Nashville, please so extend my authority (temporarily of it is through proper) as to give me entire control of the troops I have sent to Middle Tennessee, as it may be necessary at any moment that I should recall them for the defense of Chattanooga or this place. Please answer to-day.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, October 10, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Writ of habeas corpus no longer suspended. The act authorizing the President to declare martial law expired by limitation thirty days after meeting of present Congress.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 10, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received. It will be well for you to retain all the Tennesseeans who are with Breckinridge, and if necessary for operations in Middle Tennessee, you are authorized to detain a larger portion of his division.

In the absence of other from General Bragg you will for the present exercise command over the country between the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Colonel WHEELER:

DEAR COLONEL: I opened your dispatch to General Polk regarding the enemy's movements. The information you furnish is very important. It is just what I needed and I thank you for it. This information leaves no doubt as to the proper course for me to pursue. Hold the enemy firmly until to-morrow.

Yours, &amp;c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

