HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Bryantsville, Ky., October 10, 1862.

[Colonel WADE:]

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you establish your headquarters at Danville, and you will picket all the roads between Stanford and Perryville running in the direction of Danville. Place yourself in communication with Colonel Wheeler; find out what roads he is picketing, in order that there may not be two sets of pickets on the same road. You will also throw out vedettes in the direction of Hartsville, keeping advised.

Respectfully,

GEO. G. GARNER.

P. S.- Send a detachment of 200 cavalry to report to these headquarters immediately.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

Inclosed is a copy from General Bragg, and you will see that I cannot furnish you the 100 men to guard prisoners, if I fill the order of General Bragg. If you will furnish escort for prisoners and return the 100 I send, I will immediately send the 200 to General Bragg. I respectfully ask to be relieved of the 100, as the other I must send.

Respectfully,

W. B. WADE,

Colonel of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,October 10, 1862-11.20 p.m.

General JONES M. WITHERS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Have your command under arms ready to move by early dawn. The enemy are approaching rather to the left and rear of your extreme left; therefore I have just sent an order to the brigade commander on your extreme left to have his command under arms and ready to fall back to another position at dawn. General Heth will move at the same time to take position on your left and rear.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I have no more troops to send. If you cannot maintain your ground fall back to Tullahoma, and farther if necessary. If the enemy's force is as small as represented the cavalry ought to be able so to harass the enemy as to prevent their advancing to Murfreesborough. Have telegraphed to Richmond for the cartel. What is the result of the operations above you so far? Is it true that Lieutenant-Colonel Maury and a large number of his regiment are captured? Keep a sharp watch for Rosecrans in the direction of Decatur. Answer.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

