HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Bryantsville, Ky., October 11, 1862-4.30 a.m.

Colonel WADE,

Commanding Regiment of Cavalry, Danville, Ky.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you take the position in advance of Danville on the Perryville road lately occupied by Colonel Wheeler, harassing and delaying the enemy as much as possible, and if pressed back retiring in the direction of the bridge over Dick's River on the road to Bryantsville. Keep in constant communication with these headquarters and with General Anderson, who is posted on Dick's River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KING'S MILL, KY., October 11, 1862-12.30 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

General Stevenson is charged with the defense of the crossings of Dick's River at King's Mill and Baker's Mill, planting a battery at each position. He will also have at each crossing 1,000 infantry. The covering cavalry force will remain in his front. The balance of his command will encamp at the water ponds, 1 mile from this point, with the main force under General Kirby Smith. General Morgan, with his whole cavalry force, will immediately press down toward Lancaster between our troops and those of the enemy. Colonel Wheeler will also do the same. Colonels Morgan and Wheeler will so distribute their commands as to cover the entire front of this army and feel for the enemy, so as to develop his movements. They will keep these headquarters constantly advised of their movements and those of the enemy, sending a courier every two hours at least.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,Bryantsville, Ky., October 11, 1862-8 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: In reply to your note the general commanding directs me to say that the order referred to in yours of this date was based on a report that the enemy was pressing down to turn our position via Stanford and Lancaster. More recent information corrects or contradicts this and indicates that he is moving on Harrodsburg. You will be governed accordingly. Regulate your movements by the enemy and report frequently. Your services have been most valuable and brilliant. No cavalry force was ever more handsomely handled and no army better covered. You have the general's most cordial thanks and congratulations.

Respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

