HDQRS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Bryantsville, Ky., October 11, 1862-11.30 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, Left Wing:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Hardee to say that in addition to guarding our front (toward Danville) he wishes you to look to our left flank and rear. He desires particularly to call your attention to the importance of guarding the crossings of Dick's River on the roads leading from Danville to Lancaster and from Danville to Stanford. Send a small force as far down as Crab Orchard. Yours of this date notifying us of the change of orders from General Bragg received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Please send to these headquarters 100 cavalry for special service.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 11, 1862.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: I have received a telegram from General Cooper in reply to one from me, in which he says it will be well for me to retain all the Tennesseeans who are with you, and if necessary for operations in Middle Tennessee I am to detail a larger portion of your division. I dislike extremely to diminish your command, but I think the interest of the service requires that I should retain the Tennessee. Will you have the kindness to direct the Tennessee colonel to report to me? The Tennessee regiment will not I presume number as many men as Maxey's command, which I have given you; so after all I have added to instead of reducing your strength. If I can do so I will ride out to see you to-day, and if you should happen to be in town please call at my office or let me know where I can find you.

Yours, very truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Major-General Jones informs me that he has telegraphed for and received authority from War Department to retain the Tennesseeans in my command and if necessary the larger portion of my division. I have been here a few days making utmost exertions to get transportation. I will start Brigadier-General Maxey to-morrow with 5,000 miscellaneous troops for General Bragg, and be ready to move in two days with 1,500 Kentuckians and 2,000 Tennesseeans, some of them exchanged prisoners. General Van Dorn could spare me but 2,500 of my old division. I have known nothing of this matter until this moment. I am moving under orders from General Bragg. If Major-General Jones is authorized to detain the remainder [can] I have my own division? I ask direct orders to that effect. The troops under Maxey are for distribu-

