
OCTOBER 12, 1862.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Knoxville:

The President directs that you proceed with all the Kentucky troops of your command. General Jones can fill up his command with the troops from other States in your command which remain. So inform General Jones.

S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,Bryantsville, Ky., October 12, 1862-2.40 p.m.

Colonel WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding instructs me to say that he wishes you to keep up close communication with the Danville and Bryantsville crossing. Our movements may require you to fall back that way and cover our rear. If so, you will do so promptly and vigorously. Will advise you again by night. Let the general commanding know your position. If cut off from that the route by Stanford and Crab Orchard will still be open.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,Bryantsville, Ky., October 12, [1862]-8.30 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 2 p.m. has been received. The general commanding instructs me to return you his thanks for the zeal, activity, and promptness you have manifested. The information you have forwarded to these headquarters so promptly is regarded by him of much value.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Near Bryantsville, Ky., October 12, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that immediately upon the receipt of this order you will withdraw all your command except the cavalry to this point. You will send your sick and ordnance trains in front. Upon the arrival of either Buford's or Morgan's commands your cavalry will join, your instructions having been already sent to those officers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

P. S.-The major-general further directs that you send all your wagons to this place to be loaded with breadstuffs, reserving those necessary for the sick and ordnance and five wagons for each regiment.

