
been assigned to the command of this department and General McCown ordered to report to General E. K. Smith in Kentucky. I presume McCown has reached his destination.

It is reported to me that Buell has left from 3,000 to 5,000 effective troops at Nashville and that some 6,000 troops have since been thrown into that place. If it has not been re-enforced, it probably soon will be since our disaster at Corinth. You will remember that you have only left me two regiments of infantry at and near Chattanooga-the Thirty-second Alabama and Fourth Florida. Both of those regiments I ordered up to Murfreesborough as soon as railroad communication was open to that place. I also ordered up a regiment and squadron of cavalry to the same place. All of the cavalry and infantry, but only one battery, had arrived yesterday. Governor Harris had collected some raw cavalry, or rather men on horseback, about Nashville, in whom I have no confidence. Brigadier-General Forrest reports that the enemy attacked us at La Vergne on the 7th, killing 2 and wounded 6 of our men and capturing Lieutenant-Colonel Maury and 35 of our men. The enemy's loss 15 killed and 30 wounded and a major and captain and 10 men captured.

General Forrest anticipates an attack on him to-morrow at Murfreesborough. Under authority from the War Department I have retained all the Tennessee troops under General Breckinridge, and will send all of them that are organized to Middle Tennessee. As soon as I can do so I will, if permitted by the War Department, take command there in person. I believe the enemy is much stronger at Nashville than you suppose. I regard it as of great importance to take and occupy the place, and will do so if I possibly, can. I hope soon to have a force of 10,000 or 12,000 effective men in the department, but I am greatly in want of officers of rank to assist me. I am not informed of your condition in Kentucky. By vague reports I hear that your army has been largely re-enforced by Kentuckians who have joined us. I trust that the report is true. You may rely upon the most zealous support and co-operation that I can give you. It is desirable that I should be fully informed of your position and wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,No. 13. Bryantsville, Ky., October 12, 1862.

* * * * * * * * * * *

IV. Major-General Withers is relieved from the command of his division and will proceed to the rear for the purpose of procuring supplies for the forces here. He will secure clothing, shoes, tents, &amp;c., and place them in position at Knoxville and Chattanooga, subject to further orders.

By command of General Bragg:

[GEORGE WM. BRENT,]

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 19. Bryantsville, Ky., October 12, 1862.

I. Brigadier General J. K. Duncan will relieve Major-General Withers of the

