
command of his division. Major-General Withers, on being relieved, will report to the major-general commanding for instructions.

By command of Major-General Polk:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ON MARCH,Near Camp Breckinridge, Ky., October 13, 1862-11 a.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Your dispatch is this moment received. The general commanding instructs mr to say that the cavalry have been stationed at King's Mill, Baker's Mill, Fisher's Ford, and the Danville crossing, and at other points you have stationed them. The army will move by one route to Lancaster, then it will divide into two columns, one moving by way of Crab Orchard and the other by Big Hill. Your cavalry will cover the rear of both columns. You will also interpose to protect our right flank. The instructions given by our are approved.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT No. 2,On the Road, October 13, 1862.

General J. A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Will you be kind enough to inform me of the nature of yours orders? I am now upon the road in your rear with my command, and it is necessary that we should understand each other's orders in order to be able to operate to the best advantage.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry.

[OCTOBER 13, 1862.]

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: My orders were from General Polk to march to the west of the road the army is traveling and in the direction of Stanford. When I reached the Danville and Lancaster pike I sent a party toward Danville. They discovered the enemy's cavalry and infantry about 1 mile nearer Danville than where the road you are traveling intersects the pike. We engaged them and are now here awaiting their advance. Since you are on the same road I will move on to Stanford. I will cheerfully obey any orders you may issue. You have a knowledge of my present orders.

Respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Bryantsville, Ky., October 13, 1862.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: Major General E. Kirby Smith directs me to say to you that you are hereby placed in command of all the cavalry of the whole army.

