
available force was put upon that work. I am now renewing the work on the Decatur route also with the Engineer Regiment.

D. C. BUELL.

HUNTSVILLE, July 4, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

On the 4th June Nelson's division was ordered, without tents or baggage, toward Booneville; they went from there to Iuka, thence to here, without returning to Corinth. A lot of commissary stores were unavoidably left in his camp and are there still under guard. Can they not be taken by the subsistence department and issued and the guard relieved? Otherwise they will be lost to the Government.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 4, 1862.

General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Athens:

March to-morrow for Huntsville and report the approach of your command to Indian Creek, 6 miles from here. Halt at Indian Creek, unless you get further orders.

JAMES B. FRY.

NASHVILLE, July 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Colonel McCook, at Reynolds' Station, has detained 2 locomotives and 45 cars. Is this by order from headquarters? The staff officers here say they cannot supply you unless their freight trains are returned from Reynolds' with the greatest promptitude. The military superintendent of railroads reports that General Mitchel has taken forcible possession of a locomotive, to the great injury of the freight depot.

OLIVER D. GREENE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 4, 1862.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs that the Second Division, now under your command, take up the march to-morrow morning for Stevenson, the junction of the Nashville and Chattanooga and Memphis and Charleston Railroad. March at the rate of about 10 miles a day.

Your supplies will be drawn over the railroad from Huntsville or Athens. The chief commissary and quartermaster at these headquarters will see to having them pushed forward to you. Let them know your wants in time. If there is a road by which you can avoid passing through Huntsville the general would prefer you taking it; if not, you must pass through the town.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

