
You will cover the course of the river from the Lancaster and Danville crossing down to King's Mill crossing, and in the movement now being made you will cover the rear and flank of both columns, viz, the one moving by the Big Mill and that moving by Mount Vernon. Until further orders make your reports to General Stevenson, who commands the rear guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Bryantsville, Ky., October 13, [1862]-10 p.m.

Colonel H. M. ASHBY,

Commanding Cavalry near Fisher's Ford:

COLONEL: You will withdraw your cavalry at once and proceeded to where the road from this place to Danville crosses the river. To find that road you pass Bryantsville and follow the Lancaster pike, taking the right hand about 3 miles from this place. You will withdraw from that position at daylight, following the rear of the army toward Big Hill. Should you see any movement of the enemy toward Lancaster send word at once to the nearest commander and through to the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Smith:

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel [GEORGE N.] FOLK,

Commanding Seventh North Carolina Volunteers:

You will proceed with four companies of your command to the counties of Johnson and Carter and break up and disperse an organization of tories from North Carolina and such other hostile bands as you may find. The prisoners taken from the North Carolina band will be sent to the provost-marshal at Salisbury, N. C., and the Tennessee prisoners to this place. Private property will be strictly respected and all lawless acts of violence repressed with the utmost vigilance and discipline. A full report will be made to these headquarters.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,No. 14. Bryantsville, Ky., October 13, 1862-3 a.m.

I. Colonel Wheeler is hereby appointed chief of cavalry and is authorized to give orders in the name of the commanding general. He is charged, under Major-General Smith, with covering the rear of the army and holding the enemy in check. All cavalry will report to him and receive his orders.

II. King's Mill will be held as long as possible; also Fisher's Ford and Danville crossing. The bridge over the Kentucky River on Lexington pike will be destroyed as soon as crossed by our cavalry.

