
III. The cavalry left at Danville will be instructed to fall back to Crab Orchard at the same time we do from here and there join in the rear of the army, holding in check any enemy which may follow.

IV. At Lancaster the cavalry will be divided, half following the Army of the Mississippi to Crab Orchard, the other following the Army of Kentucky to Big Hill.

V. They will pick up all stragglers.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Crab Orchard, October 14, 1862-5 a.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry:

COLONEL: The army is moving in two columns from Lancaster-the Army of the Mississippi on this road and the Army of Kentucky on the road via Big Hill. The condition of that army, with its large train, &amp;c., being now considerably in the rear, will require that you should send your largest cavalry force covering well its rear. You are especially required to collect all stragglers and those sick and disabled, and to mount [them] if possible and bring [them] on. The officer commanding the force covering the rear of the column on this road must keep his position well, and not fall back on the infantry unless driven back by the enemy. He must report regularly every two hours to these headquarters the state of things in the rear. The cavalry of Colonels Morgan and Allston are protecting the rear of Smith and will continue to do so. Colonel Scott's command was ordered yesterday to move in your direction. He is somewhere near you. You will give all necessary instruction. The officer commanding on the road will report regularly to General Smith.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, truly,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Near Paint Lick Creek, Ky., October 14, 1862-12.45 p.m.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry:

SIR: Your letter of 8.30 this morning received. General McCown commands one division in this army. He is now near here en route for Big Hill. There is no cavalry now at Fisher's Ford. Colonel Morgan reports that all the forces of the enemy have left the vicinity of Lexington and retired toward Frankfort. He further reports that he thinks there is a general retreat toward Louisville. You would be doing good service to this portion of the army by finding out the truth or falsity of this.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.

