HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT No. 2,On Lancaster and Danville Road, Ky., October 14, 1862.

General WHARTON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Please inform me as quickly as possible as to the position, strength, and kind of the enemy who opposed you, and also your position; also state if you require re-enforcements, as it is very important the position should be held.

Very respectfully,

JOS. WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry.

OCTOBER 14, 1862-2.40 p.m.

GENERAL: You have been advised promptly of every movement of the enemy. I shall keep the enemy from Crab Orchard as long as possible. The rear of our army has passed Crab Orchard several hours. I trust you will reach that place to-night. Scott has gone to Somerset. I can see no use to remain longer than to-night.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT No. 2,Crossing at Dick's River, on Lancaster Pike, Ky., October 14, 1862.

Colonel WHARTON:

COLONEL: You will hold position as firmly as possible, advising me promptly of all the movements of the enemy, particularly should he move toward Lancaster.

By order of Joseph Wheeler, chief of cavalry:

S. E. NORTON, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Three and a half miles from Crab Orchard, Ky.,

October 14, [1862]-4 p.m.

General WHEELER:

Your dispatch has just been received; you will oblige me by giving the hour. At 12 m. I sent you full particulars. Thirty minutes ago I sent you another dispatch. After I was driven from Stanford I came on to this place to see if I could get Scott to remain here or protect our right of the infantry, as you particularly charged me with that business without telling me by what roads the army would travel. I have a good position here and can protect as long as cavalry can hold it. If it is very important re-enforcements of infantry would certainly be of great service. Our army has passed Crab Orchard several hours since. Scott has gone to Somerset. Why we remain so far in the rear is a mystery to me. The force I engaged at Stanford consisted of a heavy of infantry, at least four pieces of artillery; they had cavalry, but did not use them. The enemy has not followed me. I shall stay here until I have your orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON.

