HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lancaster, Ky., October 14, 1862.

[General] C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send Colonel Morgan to Colonel Wheeler's assistance in the front as soon as he can be brought up from the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I have ordered five Tennessee regiments to report to you. Colonel Long and Captain Merchant started this morning to report to you to aid in organizing troops. Captain Eldridge will join in a day or so on same duty. Major Brown will report to you as chief commissary. I am anxious to hear from you to-day.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 14, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I telegraphed you on the 12th instant to say that I needed the services of a brigadier-general in this department, and that if you thought proper to order Brigadier-General Mackall, who, I understand, is without a brigade, to report to me I should be glad to have him. I am concentrating a force at and near Murfreesborough as rapidly as I can to guard and hold the country, which is reported very rich in provisions, and to take Nashville, if practicable. It is reported that the enemy's force in Nashville has been largely re-enforced; but I doubt the correctness of the report. If, however, our recent disaster at Corinth is as serious as is reported I apprehend that a part of Grant's or Rosecrans' force will be sent to Middle Tennessee. I therefore think it very desirable to have an additional brigadier-general in that section of country. Brigadier-General Forrest is now in command at Murfreesborough, and without meaning to reflect in the slightest degree on the ability of Brigadier-General Forrest, whom I have not the pleasure of knowing, I respectfully suggest that the force which will be collected at and near Murfreesborough in a few days will be large enough to require the services of another brigadier.

Under your orders, and in view of the condition of things as I find them in this department, I cannot leave here at present and transfer my headquarters to Murfreesborough. I have no one whom I could leave in command here with any feeling of confidence that the affairs of the department would be managed as I think they should be.

Besides the military duties of the department, including the enforcement of the conscript law, I am endeavoring to bring about a better state of feeling toward the Government than has heretofore existed in

60 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

