
[Inclosure No. 2.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1862.

Honorable NAT. [G.] TAYLOR:

MY DEAR FRIEND: According to promise I pen you a few lines. Your character and position in East Tennessee are now and have been for a long time such as to awaken the liveliest solicitude among your numerous friends that your influence as a Christian minister, a patriot, and a statesman should promptly and publicly be thrown on the side of our oppressed and insulted country. In claiming you to be thoroughly Southern in heart and soul will you assure me in your response that I truly represent you?

Very respectfully, I am, dear brother, yours,

F. E. PITTS.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

HAPPY VALLEY, TENN ., October 2, 1862.

Rev. F. E. PITTS:

DEAR SIR: Your brief note of the 25th [24th] ultimo was received yesterday. Having assured me you would write me from Greeneville or Knoxville I expected to hear from you, but had hoped to hear something of as well as from you, and that you would have devoted a portion of your letter to yourself and not all of it to me. Protecting that you place a much higher estimate upon the influence I have among my numerous friends than I merit or claim and regarding brevity as the soul of emphasis, I hasten at once to respond to the one solitary question you have propounded to me as clearly, concisely, and comprehensibly as I can. You say, "In claiming you to be thoroughly Southern in heart and soul will you assure me in your response that I truly represent you?" I answer, in claiming me to be thoroughly Southern in heart and soul you do truly represent me and only do me simple justice.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

N. G. TAYLOR.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT No. 2,No. 2. October 14, 1862.

I. Colonel Ashby, commanding cavalry brigade, will immediately so dispose his force as to cover the rear and left flank of the Army of Kentucky.

II. You will turn your attention immediately to a force of the enemy's cavalry which I have this moment learned has crossed Dick's River. This force of the enemy should be driven back and you should prevent any advance of the enemy toward the rear of the army you are protecting. You will also throw a portion of your command upon the left flank of the army to prevent the enemy moving up and harassing the army in any way. As this army will be delayed for at least two days in crossing Big Hill, it is necessary that you should hold the enemy back with the greatest tenacity possible. Colonel Morgan will be dispatched to your assistance as soon as he comes up.

By order of Joseph Wheeler, chief of cavalry:

D. G. REED,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

