
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,October 15, [1862].

Any cavalry officer whom this courier may overtake is hereby ordered to send this dispatch forward to General Bragg under an escort of 25 men.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Forwarded to Major-General Polk for his information.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 15, 1862.

The general commanding hopes Colonel Wheeler is taking efficient measures to protect the approaches on his line of march on his right flank. He has not yet heard of the regiment of cavalry which he this morning directed Colonel Wharton to send forward along the line of his march, which regiment was intended to be employed in picketing to the right of his line of march. He is informed by General Bragg that there is a road from Crab Orchard running nearly parallel to this line of travel, and which comes in 1 mile or 1 1/2 miles west of London, that should be watched.

By command of General Polk:

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 15, 1862.

The above has but this moment been received, and is sent to Colonel Wheeler for his guidance and information. The general commanding expects of course that every effort will be made to comply with the wishes of General Smith.

By command of Major-General Polk:

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

LONDON, KY., October 15, 1862-1 p.m.

Major-General POLK:

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The ordnance train has only just gotten through here. I am now hurrying provisions to Big Laurel, 6 miles from here, where Hardee is obliged to encamp to-morrow night for water. He will get his provisions there. Cheatham must stop 3 miles from here, at Pitman's Spring. It is the only water, and scarce at that. Provisions will be there for him. The head of Smith's train reached that junction as I passed to-day. The union will embarrass us much, but we must make the best of it. From Crab Orchard and Mount Vernon roads leave, and running south of the one we moved on come into it 1 1/2 miles from here, crossing Rockcastle River near the month of Line Creek

