
I send a picket there to-night. Wheeler ought to be notified, so as to watch it. Will you please send to him? If you have anything from him let me hear.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to Colonel Wheeler for his information.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LONDON, KY., October 15, 1862.

(Received October 17, 1862.)

General S. COOPER:

The head of our column is near this, falling back from Kentucky. Want of supports and subsistence makes it necessary.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 15, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Maxey left three days ago via Cumberland Gap with 5,000 men and one battery. I am moving now with 1,700 Kentuckians, 600 miscellaneous troops, and two batteries; all the troops well armed and supplied with ammunition.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

LONDON, KY., October 16, [1862] - 6.30 a. m.

Major-General POLK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: In view of the information from General Smith, it is necessary for us to hold the enemy in check on this route until he can advance, so as to avoid being headed off by them. You must therefore make such disposition at Big or Little Rockcastle River as will accomplish this, and we must rely on beef for subsistence. Wheeler's report represents the enemy as still on the advance and in heavy force. I trust Smith is not as hard pressed as he supposes. If he is, there is no hope but to sacrifice his trains. Please direct the commander of your rear to open and read all dispatches from Wheeler, so as to be well posted and to be ready to act. The bridge over Little Rockcastle should be destroyed when Wheeler crosses. As soon as convenient I desire to see General Hardee and yourself, leaving your staff officers to carry out your dispositions. All trains must be urged forward. Had not Cheatham better stop at Little rockcastle and send of his provisions?

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

P. S. - Your dispatch just received. If we pass on so rapidly Smith's front will be open to the enemy and he will be surrounded. In saving

