
our army we must help him, having imposed our trains on him, by which he is retarded; besides, I have no doubt we can whip the force behind us.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1862.

(Received October 17, 1862.)

General S. COOPER:

Following just received by editor Knoxville Register from Holly Springs:

Cincinnati Commercial of the 11th says Bragg has whipped Buell and driven him across Kentucky River and is in hot pursuit. Wounded officer arrived here this morning says fight continued three days (7th, 8th, and 9th). Bragg successful each day, capturing many guns and over 10,000 prisoners, killing and wounding many. Heard of no general officers killed on our side. Commanding officer at Cumberland Gap writes to-day that reports all very favorable, but vague.

Telegram just received from General Forrest says:

Strong rumor of evacuation of Nashville. Pontoon bridge thrown over the river for that purpose. Have sent 1,500 cavalry and a section of artillery under Colonel J. T. Morgan to reconnoiter and pursue if retreating. All reports form Kentucky still favorable. Nothing official from General Bragg.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 16, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Knoxville Tenn.:

Inform General Bragg that the President has been authorized by an act of Congress to appoint additional general officers, and that he wishes to appoint a brigadier-general to act as adjutant and inspector general of the Western Army. Request General Bragg to recommend some one for the post.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,London, Ky., October 16, [1862.]

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your communication has been received and submitted to the general commanding, who instructs me to say that your report of your operations from the 14th to this date has been full and thoroughly satisfactory. We shall leave in the morning and probably make our headquarters at Barboursville to-morrow evening. It is reported that General Smith's train has passed Big Hill.

I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 16, 1862.

Brigadier General N. B. FORREST,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Have you received an issued the arms sent to you in charge of Captain McCeery? How many infantry have you without arms? Do not

