
party feuds of small politicians, which existed long before the commencement of the war, and I regret to believe that petty party jealousy had been instrumental in keeping influential men in apparent hostility to the Government, ho, if encouraged or even left alone, would have pursued a different course. The newspapers have done much mischief in this way. I have talked freely to the editor of the only paper in this place, and I am glad to say it has changed its tone, as the accompanying editorial from this morning's Register will show, if you have the time to glance over it.

I regret to inflict so long a letter on you, and would not if I were not strongly impressed with the importance of so administering this department at this time as to make it a point of strength instead of danger to us, as it has heretofore been. It the President thinks the policy I have indicated injudicious and unwise he has only to say so, and I will cheerfully carry out to the best of my ability any policy he may indicate. I only ask that action be taken on my suggestion at your earliest convenience, as every day's delay is injurious.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 24, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the President. If the conscript act is suspended enrollments cannot progress, as General Jones supposes, but must be suspended also, and all inducement until recently, and the [sequel?] shows that nothing has been done in the way of conciliating the disloyal portion of the population. The issue must be made with these people whether they will submit to the laws or not, and I cannot see what we shall gain by further postponement. If the act is not suspended there is no authority to receive regiments unless they were organized before the 1st of October; but if the regiment was actually raised and the election of officers was suspended to await the action of Congress I think it may be regarded as a substantial compliance with the act.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

Receive the regiments raised before the 1st of October. Consult the Governor as to conscripts and use discretion as to immediate placing of conscripts in camp.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

Parties and party leaders in East Tennessee.

We have never undertaken the accomplishment of any purpose which we have not achieved when a sense of right and duty concurred to give force and direction to our energies. We have reason to believe that popular sentiment in East Tennessee any now be consolidated. There is but one single obstacle to the achievement of this purpose, which consists in the personal ambition of men who have been and still aspire to be leaders of partisan organizations, whose existence has brought so many untold evils upon this people. We would frankly advise the readers of the Register, even those of our friends who have stood by

