
to all except those whose clay-cold heads and lukewarm hearts can argue down and mask all their passions.

From ambitious, selfish men we anticipate violent opposition; from the honest masses who seek no preferment, but only their country's good, we claim support and confidence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 17, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS. A. R. NELSON, Jonesborough, Tenn.:

DEAR SIR: I regret to hear that some persons, incapable it seems of appreciating the manly and patriotic motives which prompted your address to the people of East Tennessee, have attributed it to a desire to procure thereby the release of your son. It is due to you that I should state that neither you nor any one else ever intimated to me that you desired the release of your son, nor did I intimate any promise of intention of releasing him. I took it for granted that you did desire it, but I had too just an appreciation of your character to suppose for one moment that your action on so important a matter would be influenced by that motive. I had heard that your son was young and indiscreet, and had committed the offense for which he was arrested in violation of your expressed wishes and while you were absent from home. I have released a number of prisoners besides your son, and I released him because I supposed that it would be gratifying to you, and because I judge that the boy would be more likely be become a loyal and useful citizen if brought within your influence than if left in prison with persons older and more culpable than himself. If you think the insinuations against your motives worthy of notice you are at liberty to make such use of this note as your may think proper.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 17, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS A. R. NELSON, Jonesborough, Tenn.:

DEAR SIR: Mr. A. J. Brown handed me your note of the 13th. Your wishes as regarded him have been complied with. I am informed that Mr. Brown is a man of some influence and has heretofore used it to the prejudice of the Government. If that is the case I hope you will induce him to change his course and in future give that support to the government that is due from every loyal citizen. You amy remember that I mentioned to you that I thought it highly probable that many people in East Tennessee would deny that President Lincoln had issued his proclamation of the 22nd ultimo and denounce it as a secession forgery unless some one in whom they had confidence would come forward and assure them it was genuine. I am sorry to hear that many persons not only deny the authenticity of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation but of your address also. They say the whole thing is a secession forgery, gotten up by the Knoxville Register. I am convinced that your address has already been productive of much good, and I am equally well convinced that you can render far more effective service to the country and especially to the people of East Tennessee by going among them and addressing them in public meeting. It is of the first importance that the Union

