
men should now come out and give cordial support to the Government. If the present opportunity is lost it is impossible to see what other can offer for bringing them to the support of the Government under which they now live. I know that other gentleman of influence are wiling to join you and canvass East Tennessee, and I venture to urge you to lose no time, but enter on the work now. I would not make the suggestion if I were not convinced of your earnest desire to promote the peace and harmony of East Tennessee now and for the future. I am satisfied that you and others can soon biting about such a state of feeling in this section of the country that the troops now in service in this particular section amy with safety be withdrawn. The depredations so long and justly complained of will cease and that cause of imitation be removed. It is surely worth an effort to produce even that benefit to the community. I believe you can accomplish that and much more.

In haste, yours, very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 17, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War instructs me to inform you that the President has been authorized by act of congress to appoint additional general officers, and he wishes you to appoint a brigadier-general to act as adjutant and inspector general of the Western Army, and he desires you to recommend some one for the position. We are without authentic information of the result of your battles in Kentucky and the greatest anxiety is manifest to hear form you. No one I am sure will be more rejoiced than I to hear that your operations have been as successful as you could desire. Seven hundred convalescents will leave here to-morrow to join their regiments in Kentucky. Brigadier-General Carroll, who is ordered to report to you, will go in command of them. Others will be forwarded without unnecessary delay. I have great difficulty in procuring transportation.

Most respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Big Rockcastle River, Ky., October 17, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from Wheeler telling me he is ordered to fall back to London. Unless the Crab Orchard roads are held for some days longer this army and its trains will be sacrificed, and I therefore hope our retreat may be conducted with reference to one another instead of separating. Otherwise I candidly think it my best policy to return back toward Lexington, as the way is open to me in that direction, and as I would regard the leaving Crab Orchard road open in the present condition of my command, stretched as it is from beyond Big Hill to Raccoon Creek, as a most unfit and unnecessary sacrifice of my entire force.

I am, general, very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.

