
and deficiencies in horses. Three companies are at Shelbyville and one at Stevenson. Colonel Haggard's Fifth Kentucky Cavalry supplied deficiencies in horses. Four companies with carbines and 400 carbines to supply the remainder of the regiment. First Kentucky Cavalry is in truly a deplorable condition. They have been clothed and furnished sabers and revolvers. Trying to discipline them.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, July 5, 1852.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I received information last night from Colonel Barnes, at Wartrace, that it was reliably reported to him that the enemy's cavalry, 2,000 strong, were advancing within one day's march of Elk River Bridge, where he had four companies; that he was marching the remainder of his regiment to re-enforce. I ordered two companies of infantry to Wartrace last night, and three companies of cavalry and one section of artillery to join Colonel Price at Tullahoma, with instructions to re-enforce Colonel Barnes if necessary, and directed troops at Shelbyville to be in readiness for any requirement.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 5, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch is received in reference to Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett. I gave him a pass to go and see General Halleck and effect an exchange. He was paroled by General Mitchel and granted the privilege by him of endeavoring to effect and exchange. He was placed on a peculiar parole. He was found lying dangerously ill and delirious at the house of a friend and the written parole left for him to observe when he should have returned to his senses. He observed the parole, although of course not binding, and I was desirous he might effect his exchange; but I never intended he should visit General Halleck's headquarters in the field. At the time he left it was understood that General Halleck's headquarters were at Memphis.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON,

Commanding Fourth Division:

The general commanding directs that you furnish such details of men as may be deemed necessary for the purpose of rebuilding and reconstructing the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad to Lieutenant-Colonel Hunton, of Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, who has the work in charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WRIGHT,]

Aide-de-Camp and Act. Asst. Adjt. General

