
off by the cross-road on which the rest of our train is. Colonel Ashby should be left here until 10 o'clock to-morrow, when he will follow on to Mershon's Cross-Roads, were he will halt, and follow up Colonel Reynolds' movement with the rest of the cavalry which brings up the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - The commanding general thinks that after getting to London your wagons had better move on by the Barboursville road unless it is blocked up by troops or trains, in which case they will take cut-off, as above suggested.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Rockcastle River, Ky., October 17, 1862.

General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Army of Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a report* just received from Colonel Reynolds, stationed at Meshon's Cross-Roads. General Stevenson's command has just arrived on the opposite side of the river, having marched 30 miles since last evening, besides aiding their artillery and ordnance train up the Big Hill. I will be able to move my whole force to-morrow, and would like to know form you to-night what are your plans. If you will move down to Pitman's I will move up and from a junction with you, and we will oppose our whole force to the enemy while my trains are passing on the Raccoon Creek route. When they have become well covered your command might then move in, and mine could form the rear guard or move at the same time with your on a different route to Flat Lick. Do you think, in view of all circumstances, my column had better come up the London road, as directed by General Bragg? Please let me have an immediate answer and a full explanation of your plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, October 17, 1862 - 11.30 p. m.

General McCOWN:

GENERAL: General Smith directs that when compelled to fall back you will do so upon London. Defend that as long as you can, and then take the Manchester road to Bush's Store, where it is hoped this potion of the command (leaving here at daylight) will arrive to-night. Whatever calvary you have in your front use to cover your retreat. If Wheeler and Wharton are both there, on e of them should follow your movement on the Manchester road, while the other should cover General Polk. A battery of artillery with Wheeler or Wharton (instruct it to no one else) would be of great advantage in checking the enemy. Should you fall back, notify General Reynolds at Mershon's Cross-Roads, so that he may fall back by Raccoon Creek.

Respectfully,JNumbers PEGRAN.

P. S. - In case General Polk should withdraw his infantry force now

* Not found.

