
OCTOBER 18, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER:

A brigade commanded by Colonel McNair has just been sent to relieve me. They are taking up their position and the officer will report to you as soon as they have done so.

Very respectfully,

A. M. NANIGAULT,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Pitman's Fork Road, Ky., October 18, 1862.

Colonel WHEELER:

I am here in command. I send a brigade to relieve the one supporting you. I should be pleased to hear from you as often as anything important occurs.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

P. S. - I am directed by General Smith to direct as follows:

Whatever cavalry you have in your front use in your retreat. If Wheeler and Wharton are both there, one of them should follow your movements on the Manchester road while the other should cover General Polk.

I wish you so to direct when you retire, sending Colonel Hart's cavalry after me.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 18, 1862.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It seems that General Bragg intended and expected that my commissary would place 200,000 rations of flour at London and 100,000 at Cumberland Gap. I did not so understand his order, nor do I know what orders he has given you, or what is the condition of your commissariat, except that you started with twelve rations of flour. I will send forward flour as rapidly as possible. In the mean time I recommend that you send forward your flour as rapidly as possible to the Gap, draw your own supplies from McMillan's Station, where there is plenty of flour, and employ all the teams you can spare in transporting. I have no information direct from General Bragg, and do not know why he has halted you and is falling back with his army. Let me know as soon as possible if you act on the suggestion I have made.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,Cumberland Gap, Tenn., October 19, 1862 - 8 a. m.

Major-General POLK, Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will report to him the state of affairs in the rear. He has not been informed for some time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff.

