
and rations, including bread, for the men, and, with the assistance of what I am informed will be found at the Gap, will continue to do so until we reach the railroad. I am taking with me between 1,500 and 2,000 head of cattle through the Gap. General Smith's army has suffered some inconvenience from being separated from its trains, but has had sufficient amount of forage and plenty of beef. He has ordered his supply train to be halted, and thinks he will find in it and in the trains that are to meet us at the Gap a sufficient amount of flour to serve him. your notes of this date from the Gap are received. The Munfordville battery will be left at the Gap as directed, and your orders with regard to the routes to be pursued by the left and right wings of the Army of the Mississippi and its wagon trains shall be complied with; also your wishes in regard to the sick and wounded at the Gap. Everything being now secured to the rear I will move to the front in the morning, and will proceed from the Gap on the road to be pursued by the right wing to Knoxville, where I shall be early on the morning of the 21st instant.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, [ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI],Cumberland Ford, Tenn., October 19, 1862.

General POLK:

There are 100 barrels of flour at this place in charge of Captain Conly, brought from the Gap. What disposition do you wish made of it? Hardee has gone on to-day; his wagon train is now leaving.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - There is a house here where it can be stored. I would like to cook one day's ration more of bread to-night.

YELLOW CREEK, KY.,

Nine miles from Cumberland Ford, October 19, 1862.

Major-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: The road gets into the valley of Yellow Creek 7 1/2 miles from Cumberland Ford. At this point there is a good camp for Buckner's division. It will make a march of about 14 miles for him, which will be as much as he can make with the large wagon train of Cheatham and Smith in our front and with the roads to be traveled. Anderson can get a camp a mile this side of Buckner, making about 14 miles of a march for him. Yellow Creek is a brisk running creek and I am told there is an abundance of water to the Gap. If the two division can get farther than the points I have indicated I suppose encamping ground can be had farther upon the creek, though the valley is already very narrow. Captain Kirkland remains at the first house after getting into Yellow Creek Valley to designate the grounds to the division inspectors. I go on to the Gap to assist in getting wagons over the Gap, as I am told there e is another train ahead of us.

W. D. PICKETT,

Inspector-General.

