
[Indorsement.]

General POLK,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

I am at the second hill myself, and have my staff scattered between the three hills helping up the wagons. Everything progresses satisfactorily. My command will encamp to-night at Yellow Creek. Smith's ordnance train and Cheatham's are ahead of my two trains (Buckner's and Anderson's), and these trains I will push forward to the Gap to-night. In the absence of orders I shall take choice of roads when I get to the Gap. Shall go either to Knoxville or Morristown, and will advise you.

Respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Barboursville, Ky., October 19, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH WHEELER:

COLONEL: I am directed to say by the general commanding that General Smith informs him that he has given instructions to General McCown to fall back to Big Laurel, this side of London. Your dispatch* of 9 p. m. of the 18th is just received since writing the above. The general desires to say it is particularly gratifying, and supports the reputation you have already won for high soldierly qualities. The general proposes to proposes to proceed at once forward to Flat Lick, where he will meet and confer with General E. K. Smith.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - I congratulate you, my dear fellow, upon the success with which you have conducted operations in our rear.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,One mile beyond Barboursville, Ky., October 19, 1862 - 12 m.

Colonel WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The general commanding has just instructed General McCown (if he has not fallen back turned off either at London or Big Laurel to join General Smith's column) to move forward via Barboursville to Flat Lick upon the road traveled by this army. In that event you will cover his rear with your own immediate command and direct Colonel Wharton to proceed to Bush's Store (intersection of the London and Manchester road with General Smith's line of march) and cover the rear of that column. You will order Colonel Wharton to report to General Smith for duty. In case General McCown has left this road prior to receiving this note you will follow on to Barboursville, as heretofore ordered, and Colonel Wharton will cover General McCown's rear, as heretofore ordered.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - I have again to call your attention to picking up and pushing forward all stragglers.

* Not found.

