
before them. General Stevenson also writes that the hills are so bad he has bad great difficulty in getting the artillery, &amp;c., along. My command is thus so tired and scattered that I request a part of your force may be left at Flat Lick to aid mine, if necessary, in making a stand against the enemy until the trains, &c., your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Near Big Laurel, Ky., October 19, 1862 - 11 a. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Army of Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you the within letter* from General McCown. This is the worst road I have ever traveled; in some places impassable, so that a new one has to be made. My command, from exhaustion in drawing the wagons and artillery up the hills and not having had sleep for some nights, are very much scattered along the road. My advance will encamp to-night near the junction of this road with the State road; my rear near Bush's Store. I have instructed General Stevenson to destroy such of the wagons as impede his march. I fear many must be abandoned and destroyed.

Your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 19, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Major Brent's letter of the 17th received to-day. I had previously given orders to the commissary and quartermaster to send forward to Cumberland Gap every pound of flour for which transportation could be procured. As soon as I heard that you had halted General Breckinridge to send forward his flour to the Gap and draw his supplies from McMillan's Station. The want of transportation prevents me from sending as much as you need. Nearly all the transportation I could procure had been turned over to General Breckinridge. If you are in great need of flour I suggest that Morristown and McMillan's Station are nearer to Cumberland Gap than any other stations on the railroad, and both of them are depots for flour. General Breckinridge has asked me to have transportation by railroad to Chattanooga for his command; the troops with him to start Tuesday, those with Maxey Thursday. Are you aware that some 4,000 of the men with Maxey belong to regiments of your army? Would it not be better that they should join their regiments? I am sending to Middle Tennessee all the troops I can spare. Hearing that Brigadier-General Mackall was in Richmond without command I asked the Secretary of War to order him to this department. He gave the orders, but Mackall has not yet arrived. I had intended to give him the command of all the troops at Murfreesborough. As you have Breckinridge to take that

* Not found.

