HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Division:

General Buell directs that the regiment you have designated to go on the cars to Bridgeport to-morrow does not start until next morning. It will remain in its camp and sent its wagons with your division train, and wagons will be sent out to halt its baggage to the railroad day after to-morrow morning.

In addition to this, you will designate another regiment to go on the cars to-morrow morning at 6 a.m. to Stevenson. Direct the colonel of this regiment to have his baggage and command at the depot by 5.30 a.m., and then to send his baggage train to join your division and march with it, the baggage to go by cars. This regiment is to assist in the repairs of the railroad from Stevenson to the north. Instruct the colonel to push the work with all possible speed and to co-operate with Colonel Innes, of the Engineer Regiment, in this work. Give the colonel of your regiment such orders as will prevent all hesitation on his part in furnishing details for repairs on the road. There are now two companies of the Engineers at the work 2 miles north of Stevenson, and the regiment will go to work at that point. Colonel Innes is ordered to go on the same train as the regiment and show them the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

Have you the party sent to you by me to run a train? I understand they have been told by some one to go back to Mr. Anderson. Keep them to run the train as soon as it is fixed up.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Tuscumbia:

Use the train exclusively for sending us forage, for which we are suffering.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

Captain BINGHAM,

Nashville:

We are constantly in want of forage, and by your report to-day you seem to be out at Nashville and Louisville. Report exactly what you can do in sending forage. You should have it accumulating in Nashville. Report daily your shipments of forage and rations.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

7 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

