
reported they are evacuating Corinth, Bolivar, and Jackson. Is the telegraphic line in operation from Decatur to Columbia and from Huntsville to Shelbyville?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, TENN., October 19, 1862.

(Received October 20, 1862.)

General S. COOPER:

The head of my column has arrived at this place.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 20, 1862.

Colonel D. R. HUNDLEY,

Thirty-first Alabama, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs you, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 27, Headquarters Department of East Tennessee, October 19, 1862, to proceed at once to Newport. You will thoroughly scour the country in that vicinity and break up and destroy all parties banded together in opposition to the laws of the Confederate Government and in defiance of its authority. You are also directed by the commanding general to see that no depredation are committed upon the property of any persons within the limits of your command. All quartermaster's and commissary stores needed for the use of your troops will be purchased and paid for at a reasonable rate. Should any one having such supplies refuse to sell at fair prices or to receive Confederate money in payment you will if necessary impress. In all cases of impressment receipts at fair valuation will be given and full reports will be made immediately in writing to these headquarters. You will not permit impressment to be made under any circumstances without your written authority to the officer making the impressment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Cumberland Gap, via Knoxville, Tenn.:

Send an intelligent officer of our command with a full statement of your plans for future operations and such information as will be desirable in relation to your army and all knowledge you possess of the enemy. Co-operation between your command and that of General Holmes and Pemberton is indicated. This is from the president.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., October 20, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

SIR: I am in urgent need of 5,000 stand of arms. The men only

