
as they came on. General Smith desires you to send this information to General Stevenson, and that both you and he keep your cavalry well to the rear, with instructions to obstruct the road as far as practicable and to forward all information with dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Flat Lick, Ky., October 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel H. McD. McELRATH,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that you will employ all the transportation you can obtain in forwarding supplies to Cumberland Gap while the roads are good. All the ordnance, quartermaster's, and commissary wagons as soon as unloaded are at your disposal; also all the wagons you can collect throughout the department. You will establish a depot at McMillan's Station, forwarding supplies by railroad to that point. A portion of the command will probably be ordered to Blain's Cross-Roads, for which McMillan's Station will be the depot, and also the point from which wagons can be sent to the Gap. As the road over Clinch Mountain is bad, you will see that forage is provided at suitable points on the road for the trains to Cumberland Gap. The supplies for the Gap are to be forwarded immediately. The major-general commanding also directs that you secure all the clothing, tents, and camp equipage possible for the use of the army, and also look after the baggage of the different commands left at London and Knoxville and have it kept where it can be obtained by them. He further directs that immediate steps be taken to build boats and establish ferries over the Powell and Clinch Rivers, on the lines by which supplies are to be forwarded to Cumberland Gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General FORREST, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Your letter of the 15th just received. Will send additional troops immediately. Cannot say how many, but there will be arms enough in a few days for all the men you can raise. General Breckinridge will be in Murfreesborough soon. Send reliable agent to Columbia to give you the artiest news of the movements of General Rosecrans.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General Commanding.

[OCTOBER 20 and 26, 1862. - For Randolph to Holmeds, in reference to co-operation of his and Pemberton's forces with Bragg's in an attempt to retain Tennessee and the Mississippi Valley, see Series I, Vol. XIII, pp.889, 906.

