
and would no longer be of any service there, to report to me at Knoxville. As the distance between us is so great you will inform General Smith of your operations and keep him posted in regard to your operations. You will use every exertion to bring forward all sick and stragglers of the right wing. I ordered some flour left for you at the ford yesterday morning. From this place to Knoxville I would go by Jacksborough, as I learn it is best supplied with forage. Act in all as your judgment dictates for the best. Consult with General Smith.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - A sergeant (Allen) to Captain Carnes' battery deserted yesterday morning, riding a large sorrel station; also two negroes, riding a sorrel mare and a bay mare. Look out for them. I would arrest all persons riding back without written permission.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Flat Lick, Ky., October 21, 1862 - 10 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department No. 2:

GENERAL: The division of General McCown will encamp to-night at Cumberland Ford. Generals Heth and Stevenson are here at 11 o'clock yesterday morning Colonel Wheeler was 4 miles this side of London, the enemy being just beyond the village. Nothing heard of the enemy since then. If they should be advancing in force I shall take position here and resist them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.

MORRISTOWN, TENN., October 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The head of the column reached here to-day after securing Cumberland Gap and this line. The main body will move to Middle Tennessee by Chattanooga unless otherwise ordered by War Department. I send a special messenger with dispatches by first train.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

My forces are arriving here. Shall press into Middle Tennessee and hold the country south of Cumberland. The Army of the Mississippi is much shattered. Can I draw on Kirby Smith for any surplus he may have? I am now in his department. A special messenger left Morristown yesterday for Richmond.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

