
charges many gallant officers and brave men have fallen. We mourn their loss; we commend their valor. Let us emulate their soldierly virtues.

JOS. WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 24, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

SIR: The inclosed papers, submitted to the Department by Honorable G. D. Royston,* are respectfully referred to you, with the information that much complaint reaches me of the lawlessness of partisan corps within your district and of the oppression practiced by those concerned in the transportation and subsistence of the army. It is desirable that a vigilant eye be kept on all the subordinates in your command and that the rights of those not attached to the army should be respected. The Department looks to you for the enforcement of the rules of strict justice between the army and the citizens.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,

Savannah, Ga., October 24, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES or

COMMANDING OFFICER AT CHATTANOOGA, TENN.:

DEAR GENERAL: I see by the Northern papers that a letter containing important documents, addressed by me to General Jordan, from Mobile, about September 10 last, is reported to have been captured by some of General Buell's scouts and communicated by him to the Government at Washington.+ I have every reason to believe that this letter must have been abstracted form the post-office or other depository in Chattanooga and sent surreptitiously to General Buell on his way to Nashville. I beg to request that you have a secret investigation of the matter made, so as to have the traitor, whoever he may be,arrested and punished. I will mention here that when this letter arrived at Chattanooga General Jordan was at Catoosa Springs, Ga., and if sent to him at all could not have been captured on the way there by any of Buell's scouts, and that, although many documents have since that period reached General Jordan at Charleston from Chattanooga, he never heard anything of the one referred to by me.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,No. 18. Knoxville, Tenn., October 24, 1862.

I. During the absence of the commanding general the command of

* Not found.

+ See Beauregard to Bragg, September 2, and to Cooper, September 5, and Jones to Beauregard, November 5, pp.790, 796, 785.

62 R R-VOL XVI, PT II

