
this department will devolve upon Major-General Polk, to whom all staff officer will report and all returns be made.

* * * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

[GEORGE WM. BRENT,]

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, Tenn., October 25, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH,

Commanding Second Division, Balin's Cross-Roads:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you would move your command with as little delay as possible to Lenoir Station or vicinity. This station is near the month of Little Tennessee River. The whole of this command will move to Kingston as soon as it can be put in marching condition. It will be kept near the railroad until it can be recuperated. You will make requisitions for such supplies as you want.

Very respectfully,

E. CUNNINGHAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - In moving your division you had better send your wagons and perhaps take most of your troops by the Emory road, as everything is stripped along the route which General Bragg's column moved and the road is choked up with wagons.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, Tenn., October 25, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding First Division, Blain's Cross-Roads:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command with as little delay as possible to some point between Blain's Cross Roads and Knoxville. General Heth moves as soon as practicable to Lenior Station, on the railroad. The whole of his command will move to the Vicinity of Kingston as soon as it can be put in a camping condition. The general wishes to get in the neighborhood of Lenoir and there put it in order. You will make your requisition for such supplies as you require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 25, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

On my arrival here I find General Jones in command of the department. I have not yet been relieved by orders. Is General Jones permanently

