HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

Colonel McCOOK,

Reynolds' Station:

Captain Gaubert, quartermaster, has ordered the cars not to be unloaded any faster at Reynolds' than the wagons are loaded. This won't do. Unload the cars and send them to Nashville fast as possible.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

BRIDGEPORT, July 5, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

SIR: I have commanded the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers during the period of over seven months of active operations in the field, during which I have seen nothing in the actions of the regiment to merit the insult of being sent to the rear while in the face of the enemy.

As commanding officer I feel the stigma unjustly cast upon the regiment, and hereby tender my resignation, immediate and unconditional, as lieutenant-colonel of the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers.

JOS. R. SCOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

BRIDGEPORT, July 5, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The Eighth Brigade took at Bowling Green provisions enough to feed the whole Third Division and did feed it. The Eighth Brigade took Huntsville, Ala., and with it the line of railroad (137 miles) between Tuscumbia and Stevenson belonging to the Confederate States, with 16 locomotives and about 100 cars, with shops, bridges, and, besides other property, 60 hogsheads of sugar, that supplied the whole of the Third Division until the present time; in all its value would be $2,000,000 turned over to the Government. The Eighth Brigade took cotton fortifications at Decatur, containing about 504 bales, which was turned over to the general commanding Third Division.

I was at the head of my brigade everywhere and always on duty. Neither my name nor the name of my brigade was mentioned in the officials reports or dispatches. Instead of thanks I receive insults; therefore I respectfully tender my unconditional resignation as colonel of Nineteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, to be accepted immediately.

J. B. TURCHIN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Huntsville, Ala., July 5, 1862.

General WILLIAM S. SMITH,

Commanding Third Division:

In relation to trade, &amp;c., in the town of Huntsville General Buell orders as follows, viz:

The ordinary business and retail trade of the town and vicinity within the lines will not be interfered with except in articles which are contraband and except in special cases where the privilege is abused or the parties by misconduct or marked disloyalty forfeit the claim to it.

