
observe the approaches to this point from Nashville, throwing his command as near the latter place as possible, striking and harassing the enemy as opportunity offers, sending also small detachments and taking such steps as he deems best to ascertain the approach of the enemy form the north to Nashville, or toward our lines from any point east or west of Nashville, or from the direction of the Tennessee, River.

* * * * * * * *

IV. The infantry will for present be formed into three brigades: The First Brigade, under command of Colonel R. W. Hanson, will consist of the Second, Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky Regiments and Graves' and Cobb's batteries. It will compose the reserve, and till for the present occupy the camping ground on the Shelbyville road near the town. The Second Brigade, under command of Colonel J. B. Palmer, will consist of the Eighteenth and Thirty-second Tennessee, Thirty-second Alabama, Fourth Florida, and two batteries, to be assigned by the chief of artillery. It will be so encamped as to be able to occupy a short distance in advance of that town at the shortest notice the ground between the Lebanon and Nashville turnpike, including those two roads, and will form the right of the forces. The Third Brigade, under command of Colonel F. M. Walker, will consist of the Twentieth, Twenty-eighth, Forty-fifth Tennessee, the Sixtieth North Carolina, and two batteries, to be assigned by the chief of artillery. It will be so encamped as to be able to occupy a short distance in advance of the town and upon the shortest notice the ground lying between the road leading to Nashville and the road leading to Franklin, and will form the left of the forces. The remeinder of the artillery, under command of Major Montgomery, will compose the reserve, and its position will be selected by the chief of artillery.

V. Officers will encamp with their respective commands. No soldier will be allowed to leave his camp unless on proper business and by written permission of the commanding officers of the regiments and battalions, and brigade commanders are directed, when they deem it proper, to place further and suitable restrictions upon the absence of officers and soldiers from camp.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

