
RICHMOND, VA., October 29, 1862.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Knoxville, Tenn.:

General Bragg is here; leaves day after to-morrow. You will judge whether you can now be spared; if so, will be glad to have the proposed conference. Have written by Dr. Smith.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., October 29, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I received yesterday your letter of the 24th instant, inclosing certain papers submitted to the War Department by Honorable G. D. Royston, and informing me that much complaint reaches you of the law less news of partisan corps within my department and oppression practiced on citizens by agents of transportation and subsistence. The complainant in the particular case you refer to me is Cyrus A. Royston, and his letter is dated September 17, two days before you assigned me to this command. The matter complained of was, however, brought to my notice a few days after I assumed command. I was directed by you to report the facts of the case fully by telegraph,and I did so in a dispatch of the 2nd instant. On the 3rd instant in two telegrams you inform me that Cyrus A. Royston obtained from you the permit to ship his provisions on false representations, and authorized me to impress the provisions. I am doing all in my power to prevent hose under my command from oppressing and depredating on citizens. If any case has been reported to you since I assumed command I hope you will refer it to me promptly. Partisan corps have doubtless done much mischief in that way, and the interest of the service would, I think, be promoted by disbanding many of them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. RES. DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Knoxville, Tenn., October 30, 1862.

The troops of this command will move with their baggage to Knoxville at an early hour to-morrow morning and there go into camp at places to be designated by the acting division inspector-general, preparatory to moving by railroad to Tullahoma, Tenn.

By order of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. B. CUMMING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 24. Knoxville, Tenn., October 30, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. The ordnance train of the Army of the Mississippi, under the order of Captain Russell, quartermaster, will move at 3 p. m. this day.

V. The artillery of the right wing, Army of the Mississippi, will move at the same time, accompanying the ordnance train. The batteries of each division will be under the command of the chief of artillery of that division, the whole under the command of the chief of artillery of the right wing, Army of the Mississippi. The quartermasters of batteries belonging to divisions will be furnished with to purchase forage and horses and far as necessary.

VI. The division baggage train of the First Division, right wing, Army of the Mississippi, will move with the ordnance and artillery of the right wing. The Twelfth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers will be detailed to accompany to as a guard.

VII. Brigadier-General Wheeler, with his brigade, will accompany the above trains as an escort, and will have the general direction and supervision of them on the march. The route to be pursued by the

