
Permission to introduce goods for sale must be obtained from the provost-marshal, and no such permission will be granted except to persons who are vouched for as honest and responsible. The penalty for a violation of such regulations as it may be necessary to establish from time to time will be the forfeiture of the whole stock of goods and the revocation of the permission to trade.

You will please make these orders known to the provost-marshal, and have all applications to introduce goods and to trade answered and regulated in accordance with them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntsville, July 5, 1862.

Colonel STARKWEATHER,

Battle Creek:

If attacked in your position you will of course defend it. If the attack should be made with an overwhelming force which you cannot successfully resist you will fall back to a better position, and finally make a determined stand at or beyond Stevenson, so as to protect the railroad. Troops are moving forward and will come promptly to your support if necessary. In any case strengthen your position by intrenchments, felling trees, &amp;c., which can be done very rapidly. Take every precaution to ascertain the movements and strength of the enemy and guard against surprise.

D. C. BUELL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,No. 93. Huntsville, Ala., July 5, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XII. A general court-martial is hereby ordered to assemble at Athens, Ala., at 10 a.m. on the 7th of July or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of Colonel J. B. Turchin, Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers, and such other persons as may properly be brought before it.

DETAIL FOR THE COURT.

1. Brigadier-General Garfield.

2. Colonel Jacob Ammen, Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers.

3. Colonel Curran Pope, Fifteenth Kentucky Volunteers.

4. Colonel J. G. Jones, Forty-second Indiana Volunteers.

5. Colonel Marc. Mundy, Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers.

6. Colonel T. D. Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Volunteers.

7. Colonel [John] Beatty, Third Ohio Volunteers.

Captain P. T. Swaine, U. S. Infantry, judge-advocate.

The above is the greatest number which can be convened without manifest injury to the service. The court will sit without regard to hours, and will forward to these headquarters the proceedings in each case as it is completed without waiting for the subsequent cases.

The members of the court will on no pretext delay in the performance of their duties as such, nor will they leave there without special authority from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

