
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

HOPKINS COUNTY, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

SIR: It has been some time since I have heard from you, and thinking it doubtful whether you have received any communication form me, I shall commence my report from time I parted from you, on our retreat from Corinth.

We preceded directly to Bolivar. We there learned that the enemy were advancing, and would soon occupy our road; but we pushed on, meeting with no obstruction. We got into Kentucky, found the people subjugated, and determined to use our utmost endeavors to arouse them to the true sense of their danger. Being left to our own judgment and discretion, I will submit to you our course of procedure, and the plan we have pursued, hoping it will meet with your approbation.

We were engaged for ten days trying to raise recruits. We found, however, that the people were frightened, and placed every obstacle in our way, and at the end of that time we had but one man. We determined to go to work and do what we could with our small force. Learning that Owensborough was occupied by the enemy, we crossed Green River, intending to attack them during the night, but, from some cause, the Hessians left suddenly, carrying with them some 17 of the citizens. We concluded to continue on, hoping to catch some stragglers. We were near the town when we met an officer, in full uniform, driving a fine pair of horses. We gave pursuit and captured him. We found he was brigade surgeon, with the rank of major. We took his team, and released him on parole; I have since released him entirely. This was on the 20th of June. On the 29th of the same month, we proceeded to Henderson, and made an attack on the forces stationed there, killing a lieutenant, wounding the captain, 1 lieutenant, and 9 soldiers. The attacking party consisted of A. Owen, R. M. Martin, and A. R. Johnson. They fired 11 shots.

On the 5th of July, we attacked them at the town of Madisonville, killing several and wounding several more. We drove 600 men out of their camps, but were not strong enough to take advantage four victory; we were only 6 in number. A. W. Ray, John Donaly, Marion Myers, William Halis, R. M. Martin, and A. R. Johnson made the attack.

On the 17th, having increased our force to 30 men, we proceeded to Henderson, where we expected to find 600 cavalry, but they had left, and we entered the town without opposition. We captured about fifty stand of arms, several hundred dollars' worth of commissary stores, a large supply of medicines, and all the hospital beds and blankets; the latter we left. We hoisted the Confederate flag, and claim Henderson now as ours.

On the 18th, we marched on Newburg, crossed the river, and, as I believe; were the pioneer invaders of the Northern soil. We captured at the place 520 muskets, 400 pistols, 150 sabers, and a large lot of commissary and hospital stores. We paroled 180 prisoners. the men engaged in this and the Henderson expedition numbered 35. Below is a list of their names.*

Several men were sent off on detached service. We entered the town with 28 men. Soon after we crossed the river, we saw three steamboats coming up, with the Federal flag flying; on e of them started up Green

* Nominal list omitted.

