
River. Two of my men stationed at that point fired into her, wounding 2 men. The fire was returned by a volley of small-arms, and a few shot form a swivel mounted on one of the boats. We sustained no loss in this or any previous engagement.

Since writing the foregoing, Lieutenant [R. M.] Martin has had the misfortune to cripple himself, and, alter consulting, we thought it best for him to go through in person.

Excuse all imperfections; this is written under many difficulties. The lieutenant can and will explain more definitely our wants and wishes. Be assured there is a fine field for operation in this country.

A. R. JOHNSON.

CHATTANOOGA, August 8, [1862.]

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Having but time for a note, per Mr. Johnston I must leave him to explain what he knows or suspects of the future. My army has promised to make me military governor of Ohio in ninety days (Seward's time for crushing the rebellion), and as they cannot do that without passing your home, I have thought you would like to have an escort to visit your family.

Seriously, I should be much better satisfied were you with me on the impending campaign. Your influence in Kentucky would be equal to an extra division in my army, but you can readily see my embarrassment. Your division cannot be brought here now. To separate you from it might be injurious and even unpleasant to you, and not satisfactory to General Van Dorn. If you desire it, and General Van Dorn will consent, you shall come at once. A command is ready for you, and I shall hope to see your eyes beam again at the command "Forward," as they did at Shiloh, in the midst of our greatest success. General Lovell is disengaged, and might replace you, or I would cheerfully give General Van Dorn any one I could spare. It would also please me to see General Preston along, but I fear to make too great a draft on your command.

If agreeable to yourself and General Van Dorn, you have no time to lose. We only await our train and the capture of the forces at Cumberland Gap, both of which we hope to hear from very soon.

Our prospects were never more encouraging.

Most respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 23, 1862.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Come here, if possible. I have a splendid division for you to lead into Kentucky, to which will be attached all the men General Van Dorn can spare to bring with you.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

JACKSON, MISS., August 25, 1862.

Major-General HARDEE, Chattanooga:

Reserve the division for me. I will leave here in a few days with a small force of Kentuckians and Tennessee.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.

