
Miss., on my way here. About 1,800 exchanged prisoners will reach here to-morrow. One regiment of prisoners, intended for General Bragg, has been detained at Jackson since I left there, but by whose authority I am ignorant. That regiment, with the portion of my division which accompanies me, would have made about 5,000 men, General Van Dorn counting my troops as if they were so many exchanged prisoners. I find Brigadier-General Maxey here with 4,500 miscellaneous troops for General Bragg's army. Not a wagon of Hardee's or Polk's trains has arrived. I must get transportation for all these troops, with forage and subsistence trains, to cross a desert of 150 miles. About 60 wagons, collected at Chattanooga, are on the way, and, fortunately, I secured some transportation at Jackson, pushed it across to Montgomery by common road, and have it now on the railroad between that point and this place. In the mean time every effort is making to collect a little transportation around this country. I hope to put Maxey in motion by Thursday next, and will send him via Cumberland Gap and London, thence toward Lancaster and Danville, or direct to Lexington, as circumstances may require. All his men will be armed and well supplied with ammunition. At the earliest moment (possible by Sunday next) I will move with the remainder of the force, being the fragment of my division and the exchanged prisoners, and by the same route.

It might be well to send orders to London to meet Maxey, and also supplies. I fear, too, that I may need supplies at that point. I will move rapidly after Maxey, and he will be directed to keep a vigilant lookout, and communicate with me promptly if events should require it.

The exchanged prisoners will be armed here, and the whole force will carry 200 rounds to the man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,No. 33. Near Knoxville, Tenn,. October 7, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Maxey will make every effort to get his command in readiness to move on Thursday morning next, by way of Cumberland Gap, to London, Ky., thence toward Danville or Lexington, as events may determine him, or as he may receive orders. A request has been sent to General Bragg to have supplies for him at London in case of need. Unless diverted by controlling circumstances or by orders, the object of his movement is to join Major-General Smith. He will not actually put his troops in motion until further orders. He will carry 200 rounds of ammunition to the man, and a full supply for the battery; also twelve days' forage, and, if possible, twelve days' rations in wagons; in any event, he will carry ten days' rations in wagons rations in wagons; in any event, he will carry ten days' rations in wagons and his front at as great a distance as possible, under vigilant observation, and will communicate promptly with these headquarters in the event of a threatened attack. The major-general commanding hopes to be able to move with the remainder of the force by the same route on Sunday next. Strict discipline must be enforced on the march, and every trespass upon private property or individual right promptly and severely punished, especially any acts of trespass or a failure to arrest the perpetrators by commissioned officers. This caution must be distinctly given to the troops before the movement commences. It is not necessary to

