
be coming here, and that the embarkation of the First Corps, with the troops accompanying it, will most effectually organize the water transports and get from him all that was proposed, i beg to ask that Colonel Ingalls be assigned as the chief quartermaster to the First Corps. I want to have him and my chief of staff and the naval officer in conference, to arrange as to the transports and the disembarkation of the troops.

Can an inspector-general and a commissary be also now assigned? It will further matters if they are.

I learn from Mr. Fox that there is a battery where you supposed one would be found. Colonel Cram told Mr. Fox that he thought it probable we would find Back Bay fortified. nothing they have there will stand against our guns afloat.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 17, 1862.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The embarking of Hamilton's division is progressing, but will not be completed until after dark. There was a want of system throughout, probably indispensable from a first attempt. I will give my personal attention to matters to-night, and think that hereafter everything will go on very well. Even to-day there was very little confusion. The troops are in splendid spirits and delighted with the move.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS SEMINARY, VA.,March 17, 1862. (Received 8.5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No further news from horse transports. I hope to perfect arrangements in the morning to facilitate embarkation of men and material. Personal supervision will be absolutely necessary until a more perfect system is introduced. The experience of to-day will enable us to push things hereafter.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 17, 1862. (Sent 9.25 a. m.)

General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Army Corps, Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

Your dispatch* of 10.50 last evening received.

The general commanding fully approves the dispositions you have made of Richardson's division, and he desires you to exercise your discretion in regard to advancing Blenker's division more to the front. If this is done it should be as near the railroad as practicable, in order

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. V, p. 762.

---------------

