
SMITH'S DIVISION, April 16, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

General McClellan directs that your order General Casey to move at once to Warwick Court-House and there await further orders.

Send to General Smith, at the Burnt Chimneys, 1,000 sand bags. Order the remainder of Sedgwick's division to the immediate vicinity of General Gorman's, to encamp in a sheltered position.

Order Richardson up to the position now occupied by Sedgwick.

Direct Barnard to order an officer of engineers to Gorman's brigade, to lay out two batteries of six guns each near the position occupied by the guns that were firing this morning. The object of these batteries is to keep down the fire of the enemy's works and to prevent them from constructing new ones. They may be half-sunken batteries with rough embrasures, and should be far enough advanced to render their fire perfectly certain. Some protection should also be constructed for the guard of these batteries. Lieutenant Merrill is charged with the construction of a battery at this point. All the work should be so far finished as to afford cover to-morrow morning.

Instruct Sumner to put a strong working party from Sedgwick's division on the road from Gorman's position to the Melthodist Church - the road known as Sully's road. These orders should be given at once.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier General E. D. KEYES,Commanding Fourth Corps:

General McClellan direct that your order Davidson's brigade up to Hancock's present position; Hancock to the Burnt Chimneys to support Brooks; Graham's brigade to relieve Davidson, extending Couch's division to its right, watching the ground well from Widow Curtis' to the left of your line. Push your pickets well out to the front and hold everything well in hand. Cause a strong working party from Courch's division to finish the road from the Four Corners to Warwick Court-House. Casey's division has been ordered by telegraph to move at once to Warwick Court-House, there to await your further orders.

The orders for the movement must be given at once. Davidson and Hancock have been ordered at once. After an examination of the grounds I have determined to hold this position and build batteries to-night. Smith has gained a very important advantage to-day.

You had better obstructed the roads and fell timbers within the lines just occupied by Smith's division.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR YORKTOWN, April 16, 1862-10 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Smith has just handsomely silenced the fire of the

so-called one-gun battery and forced the enemy to suspend work.

Mott's battery behaved splendidly.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

