HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 16, 1862-1.30 p.m.

(Received April 17, 11.50 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTONS,Secretary of War:

Smith has gained a very important position, which will, I hope, enable us to control a passage of the Warwick. He completely silenced the fire of the enemy's batteries. I am re-enforcing the position, and will to-nigh erect batteries that will give us full control. The gallantry and skill shown by General Smith to-day will, I hope, secure his immediate confirmation by the Senate as brigadier-general of volunteers. Our loss is small, thanks to the arrangement of General Smith.

We are making good progress to-day. Have silenced the fire of two of the enemy's works at important points and obliged them to suspend work at these points.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, April 16, 1862-6.45 p.m.

(Received April 17, 11.50 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have this moment returned from the new position of Smith's division. The batteries near the Burnt Chimneys are completely silenced. They still have infantry in the works. Some skirmishers of Third Vermont crossed the stream, wading to their arm-pits. They allowed their ammunition go get wet, and finally fell back upon the approach of a large force of infantry. We now have complete control of the batteries in question and the hills. Dam epaluments will be erected adjacent and our position held. Gorman to-nigh also silenced five of enemy's batteries, and our men have behaved splendidly. Our loss small, but our shells have inflicted great damage upon the enemy.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 16, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Good for the first lick! Hurrah for Smith and the one-gune battery! Let us have Yorktown with Magruder and his gang before the first of May and the job will be over. I have seen General Ripley about the shells.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

U. S. STEAMER WACHUSETT, York River, April 16, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of Potomac, near Yokrtown, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I sent the Anacostia last night to throw some shell into Gloucester at 11 and at 1 o'clock. Her commander report to-day

