
that the threw eleven into Glouceseter and one into Yorktown, several of which were seen to explode. He says that when he command on Gloucester lights were visible where they were apparently at work, but were extinguished immediately. He also informed me that he hald no more explosive shells, and asked to return. As I had no instructions in his case, I left him to act on his own direction, in view of the orders he received from Captain Wyman. He has left, and requested me to forward inclosed letter to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commander.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. STEAMER ANACOSTIA, York River, April 16, 1862.

SIR: I have expended all the explosive prejectiles for the

50-pounder rifled guns, and as Captain Missroon will not give his consent for us to bring the 9-inch guns into action even at night, fearing that we may be crippled, and that in assisting us he may get some of his own vesels crippled, which he wished to keep in good order for what he considers more important duties expected hereafter. I am therefore of but little use here at present, and shall return to-day to the Potomac, when I hope to exchange my

9-inch guns for a couple of 80-pounder rifled guns,and with them to return here soon. We have landed in the enemy's works between 20 and 40 shells since we have been here.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. C. BADGER,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 118. Camp Winf. Scott,near Yokrt'n, Va., Ap'l 16, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Stewart Van Vliet, chief quartermaster, will immediately establish a temporary post-office in the vicinity of these headquarters, under the charge of Captain George B. Dandy, assistant quartermaster.

The main for Fort Monroe and the North will close at 10 a.m., and the main from Fort Monroe will be ready for delivery at about 5 p.m., daily.

Mail matter may be sent to and received from the post-office at these headquarters by messengers from the headquarters of army corps, divisions, and independent command.

All letters for the mail must be prepaid, or (if soldier's letters) certified, as required by law.

II. The following notice from the Post-Office Department is published for the information of the Army of the Potomac:

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, April 3, 1862.

The Post-Office Department deems it advisable that all letters addres to officers and soldiers of the Army of the Potomac, whether near Washington or moving South, should be mailed to Washington City. From that office they will be properly fowarded in separate packages to the respective corps and division, and their delivery facilitated. Commanders of divisions are requested, as movement occur, to cause

