
notice to be given to the postmaster of Washington to what convenient pont such pacakages destined to regiments under their command should be sent.

JOHN A. KASSON,

First Assistant Postmaster-General.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 17, 1862.

(Received April 17, 6.12 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Telegrams from General Wool referring to an order from the War Department to muster out the Ninth New York Cavalry. The order had never been received at these headquarters, although the regiment forms part of the Army of the Potomac. The regiment is serving with the reserve artillery, and from all that I can learn the officers and men here present would consider it a disgrace to be sent to the rear and mustered out now that they are under fire of the enemy. I would respectfully suggest the suspension of the order until the present operations are over; at all events in the case of this regiment, who do not desire to leave the field of battle.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C. April 17, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The order in respect to disbanding the Ninth New York Cavalry was given on the representation that the men had been fraudulently imposed on by their officers to enlist. They were not known to be in actual service. You will, of course, use your discretion and retain or discharge them, as you please. The order to disband those under your command is suspended.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

NEAR YORKTONW, April 17, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The positon occupied yesterday by Smith was intrenched last night, so that we have been able to prevent enemy from working to-day and kept his guns silent. Same result at batteries at Wynn's Mill. Yokrtown shelled gunboats and some of our barges to-day without effect. Good deal of firing from Yorktown land batteries; little or no damage. Lieutenant Merrill, U. S. Engineers, severely wounded yesterday evening up the shoulder by fragment of shell; bone not injured; would not dangerous. Lieutenant Wagner, of Topographical Engineers, lost his left arm this afternoon by fragment; amputation performed and the lieutenant doing well. I respectfully recommend that these excellent

