
officers be brevetted for their services, untiring energy, and courage. Their devotion deserves reward from the country. I can ill spare them now.

I have not received the name of any other officers wounded late yesterday after I left the ground. Two of Smith's regiments suffered severely from musket fire. I have not the details yet. Our work progresses, with weather excellent ane everything encouraging.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

U. S. STEAMER WACHUSETT, York River, April 17, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, near Yorktown, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Thanks for your letter of yesterday. Am glad of the effect of your fire.

I shall hereafter send some rifle shell at night into Yorktown and some 11-inch shell into Gloucester to prevent work at night.

During the day rifle shell shall be thrown into Gloucester, and when working parties are observed at any time.

I am, very truly, yours,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commander.

12.30-The rifle gun now being fired from water battery has range to Wormley's Creek. I suggested this morning the dismounting the two rifles of the enemy. If you commence too far off they may see the object and remove them out of range.

J. S. MISSROON.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, April 17, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Army of the Potomac, near Yokrtown, Va.:

Your communication to the Secretary of War regarding the failure of the 3-inch percussion shells has been referred to this department. The fuses used are Schenkl's, the best of their kind. It is suggested that the failures may arise from an omission to reverse the screw cap, the operation of which General Barry or Major Webb understands.

Mr. Schenkl, the inventor, will leave to-nigh for Yorktown to investigate the matter.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 17, 1862.

General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance:

Telegram received. Much obliged for your promptness. We shall require a good deal of ammunition, and probably as many heavy guns

