
as you can let us have. Mortars will be very useful. I think the

4 1/2-inch gun will be admissible, and am only sorry we have not more of them.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 18, 1862-2.30 a.m.

(Received 8.20 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

At about one-half hour after midnight the enemy attacked Smith's division and attempted to carry his guns. Smith repusled them handsomely and took some prisoners. I have no details yet; will forward as soon as my aides return. The firing was very heavy. All is now quiet.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 18, 1862-4.32 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Near Yorktown:

Your dispatches of this morning received and communicated to the President. He directed me to ask you whether the indications do not show that the enemy are inclined to take the offensive. Banks has moved on to Mount Jackson yesterday and to New Maket to-day; has taken some locomotives and prisoners.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, April 18, 1862-8 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing of interest to-day. The enemy made a second attempt on Smith's position at 4 a.m., not in much force; was at once repulsed.

Things pretty quiet to-day. We commenced to-day and this evening the constructions of six batteries, besides the task of converting a temporary shelter into a permanent battery. Most of these are are concealed from view, and I hope to complte them before the enemy finds us out. We have now five plates completed across Wormley's Creek, and hope to finish the others to-morrow. The main artillery road to the trenches will be essentially finished to-morrow evening. I hope to have twelve heavy guns in battery by daybreak, five more to-morrow night, twenty-one more next night. During the last-mentioned night we will commence the first parallel and the heavy batteries that will be in exposed positions, and by means of the batteries I have mentioned we will be able to cover completely the work in the exposed trenches, and am anxious that heavy guns and ammunition should be hurried forward as rapidly as possible.

I am now in condition to push forward the works rapidly. We have

