
done an immense amount of work, and its effects will soon be apprent. Everything goes well. It is important that this information should not leak out.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 18, 1862-10 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Dispatch received. I cannot hope such good fortune as that the enemy will take the offensive. I am prefectly prepared for any attack the enemy may make. He will no nothing more than sorties. I beg that the President will be satisfied that the enemy cannot gain anything by attacking me. The more he does attack the better I shall be contented. All going well. I am glad to hear of General Banks' good fortune.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, April 18, 1862-11.30 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please direct General C. Grover to report to me for orders. We need many more officers of engineers topographical engineers. All that can be spared for service during this siege ought to be ordered here on temporary duty. Cannot the work at Fort Monroe be temporarily committed to a foreman, so as to permit Captain Stewart and Lieutenant Farguhar to servere here for a few days? I fell the absolute necessity of the services of as many officers of engineers and topographical engineers as can be collected during the operations in front of Yorktown.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. RIPLEY,Chief of Ordnance:

The supply of field ammunition, battery and reserve, is becoming rapidly exhausted, and the consumption of that for small-amrs is very great. I have to request that 200 rounds per gun of the former and 200 pounds per man of the latter may be added to my former requisition and sent forward with rapidity. Requisitions are coming, too, for all sorts of battery stores, which cannot be filled. The forges for the siege train have not yet arrived, and cannot be heard from.

C. P. KINGSBURY.

