SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 114. Camp Winf. Scott, near Yorkt'n, Va., Ap'l 18, 1862.

* * * * *

9th. During the progress of the present operations in front of Yorktown the Second and Fourth Army Corps, constituting the left of the line of this army, will be under the command of Brigadier General E. V. Sumner, through whom orders from these headquarters will be transmitted.

The Second Army Corps will still remain under the immediate command of General Sumner.

Reports from the commander of the Fourth Army Corps requiring immediate action will be transmitted direct to these headquarters and copies furnished to General Sumner. In all other cases reports will be sent through the headquarters of General Sumner.

Special instructions will from time to time be given for General Sumner's guidance.

* * * * *

13th. All the engineer troops, tools, and materials will be under the direct control of the senior engineer of this army, Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, who will receive his instructions direct from these headquarters, and through whom all orders affecting the engineer department will be communicated. All requisitions for engineer officers, troops, or material will be made direct to the senior engineer, and not through any other staff department.

An officer will be assigned to duty with the senior engineer as his assistant, who will act as adjutant of the engineers. All details of engineer officers or engineer troops for duty in the trenches will be made daily by the senior engineer.

14th. The general engineer depot will be placed under the direction of Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury, who will detail from his command a competent officer, with the necessary assistants, to take charge of it.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

----

-----

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, April 19, 1862-9 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Everything unusually quiet to-day. Enemy makes little reply to our fire. Our work progressing quite well.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, April 19, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I recovered to-day the bodies of our men killed on the 16th - 29 in number. The enemy have 4 wounded in their hands, whom I will endeavor

