
captains and assistant quartermasters or brigade quartermasters upon officers now in your army, with the understanding and promise that they would be recommended to the Senate by the President on your recommendation. Deserving men, who as lieutenants in the volunteer service have developed qualites and gained experience fitting them for the responsible duties of brigade quartermasters, could thus be appointed. Such an arrangement would give the commanders of the army in the field the power to select from among the many good men who must be in an army the best, and to reward the deserving. It would be a powerful aid to him in exciting emulation, and would give to the Quartermaster's Department men of value and ability. If the Secretary and President would promise to nominate to the Senate the men thus selected and recommended by the commanding generals there could be not doubt of their confirmation.

But I have not yet succeeded in this attempt. The pressure from members of the two Houses of Congress in favor of their respective constituents is very difficult, I suppose, to resist; and though I hope in time to get some such rule made absolute, I have not succeeded in the first attempt. See my dispatch of to-day.

I am, general, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

U. S. STEAMER WACHUSETT, York River, Virgininia, April 19, 1862.

General McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I write to say that we have again got our

100-pounder rifle mounted, with its carriage sufficiently strengthened to endure service, with ordinary care.

Last night we threw several 11-inch shell into Yorktown and Gloucester, all which were heard to explode after they reached their destination.

I am glad to learn that General Franklin, with part of his troops, have arrived. My plans for co-operation are ready for approval or amendment by him. I hope you have not met losses during the last three days.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commanding.

I shall throw some shell to-night unless desired not to do so by you. You have been, as well as the enemy, silent to-day.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, April 19, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Army of the Potomac, near Yorktown, Va.:

Telegram received. Have ordered tne 10-inch and ten 13-inch

sea-coast mortars to be sent to you at once. Regret that the projectiles sent with the 4 1/2-inch siege guns do not work well. Have directed

