
Alabama regiments; two Virginia regiments; two North Carolina regiments; Sixth and Sixteenth Mississippi; Eighth Georgia; two other Georgia regiments; one or two Louisiana regiments; Thomas Artillery (four batteries); Ransom's regiment of North Carolina Cavalry; the heavy guns formerly at Leesburg, said to be from twenty to twenty-five in number and generally large rifled guns. I think the number and caliber of these guns exaggerated; there are probably ten to twelve. The total being thirteen or fourteen regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry,and four light batteries.

The railways in the South are represented to be in a miserable condition, both as regards track and rolling stock, so the progress of these troops was probably slow. It is represented that the energetic steps taken by the rebel Government on reference to the conscription have filled their regiments.

I learn to-day that General R. E. Lee commands in front of me, having Johnston under him, Lee being now Commander-in-Chief of the rebels, and that their force in and around Yorktown numbers more than 80,000 men.

I would recommend to you to make no offensive movement beyond New Berne until you have reduced Fort Macon; also to be well on the alert against an attempt to turn your left flank. I hope the Department may be able to let you have some of the heavy guns used in the siege of Fort Pulaski.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 20, 1862.

Hon. G. W. FOX,Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

How soon can I count on the Galena with certainty? I am fast reaching a point where the success of my operations must to a certain extent depend upon the fact of her co-operation or the reverse. She will be of very great assistance to me, and if she can do what we were talking of will shorten my work here very much.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[APRIL 20, 1862.]

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The 100-pounder gun-carriage was sent to Cheesma's Creek last evening. The carriage of theh Sebago's gun have way again yesterday and is not now in good condition, but it shall be used to-day. I have notice from the flag-officer that gun-carriage makers are on their way from Washington for this place. It is importance to us both to have them for repairing carriages. Also that he had asked for two frigates, with heavy Parrott cannon, to be sent here, but I fear they will come too late.

I think it important that the negro "Free Aleck," at Cheesman's

