
Creek, be arrested as soon as possible, as he is said to take information to Yorktown at night.

I have received your letter of 19th, and am astonished to find the number and weight of cannon you will have in position to-morrow, but fear the train will prevent much work.

I think we have gained over the Indian, and think his information may be relied upon, as he knows the consequences of deceiving us and is anxious to remain with us.

The thick weather made it impossible to get vessels into a position last night for throwing shell without getting aground in this narrow channel and at same time unable to see where to throw shells, but they shall act on every possible occasion herafter.

Yours, very truly,

J. S. MISSROON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, April 20, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have nothing of especial interest to report. The rain is again upon us and will interfere more or less with our work, but the results cannot be so serious as they were when we first took up our positions. Battery No. 1 wound have been armed last night with five 100-pounder Parrotts but for the rain. As it is one is mounted, the platforms laid, and the carriage in position. We hope to finish it to-night. The construction of No. 2 has been delayed somewhat by the necessity of extreme caution in regard to furnishing, when it will no doubt be ready for its fifteen guns

to-night.

No. 3. will be ready for its armament of six guns by daybreak

to-morrow.

No. 4. will be ready for its ten 13-inch mortars before they meet us.

No. 5. will be ready for its five guns to-morrow.

There is more delay that I like in the arrival of heavy guns and ammunition. I have, however, sent to have a through examination made of all the vessels near here and Fort Monroe, in hopes of finding some of our missing guns and ammunition. There was more or less musketry firing last night; nothing important or serious. Some quite heavy musketry an hour ago on our left. I have not yet learned the cause, but as everything is now quiet I presume it amounted to very little.

I inclose copies of communications between the rebel general near the Burnt Chimneys and General Smith. The enemy does not appear to have learned much by the correspondence as to the name of the commanding general opposite.

As I telegraphed last night, the colonel who brought the flag acknowledged to a very severe loss on their part; said that our men acted most gallantly, and that they (the rebels) could not show their heads without being picket off. I observe that the Norfolk Day Book, as usual, magnifies the affairs into an assault. I do not know what designation they will give to the real attack when it does occur.

It is still raining, but our work is progressing. Very little artillery firing to-day thus far.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

