
which he will distribute to the detail going out to work in the propertion fixed by the engineer officer, taking the receipt of the commanding officer of the detail therefor, and upon the return of the party will receive the tools again. He will see that the working parties are properly constituted and leave the division at the hour fixed, in order to arrive in time at the place of labor. He will visit the battery at least twice in twenty-four hours, and will report to the division commander the result of his observation during the visit.

The commanding officer of the working party will, on his arriving at the battery or trench, report to the officer in charge of the work. He will be directly responsible for the constancy and industry of the labor performed and the strictness of adherence to the plans and the strictness of adherence to the plans and instruction of the engineer or constructing officer. When a work shall be finished the engineer will make a written report of the fact to these headquarters, the chief engineer, and to the general of the trenches.

When there are not tools enough at the headquarters of a division to meet the requirements of a working party the officer charged with regulating the details will at once make a requisition for them on General D. P. Woodbury, in charge of the engineer depot.

By commandj of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 22, 1862.

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

The Galena sailed this forenoon for Hampton Roads direct.

G. W. FOX,

Assistant Secretary.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, April 22, 1862-5 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Army of the Potomac, near Yorktown, Va.:

Your telegram is just received. Four 20-pounders have been ordered to be sent to Ship Point from Washington, five from New York, and all that there are finished at the West Point Foundery. Twenty carriages for these guns will be sent from Washington. About 1,000 porjectiles will be sent from New York, and a large supply from West Point. The Quartermaster-General will be notified that these stores are urgently needed.

All of the guns will reach you as soon as the Quartermaster's Department can transport them to you.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 22, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy have fired a good deal to-day, but have done no harm as far as I have heard. A sharp skirmish with Smith's pickets to-day; enemy

