
repusled with loss. Recent rains have injured the roads; delayed us, but we are making progress all the time.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General THOMAS:

Cases have occured of the entire destituation of Union families-a condition arising from the inevitable ravages of war. This it will be impossible to prevent. In such cases it is but just, when this class of persons have suffered as well from our own troops as from the enemy, that they should at least be preserved from starvation. I desire to be instructed if an issue of rations can be made under such circumstances to destitute Union families.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SCOTT, April 23, 1862-10.40 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Night passed off quietly. Batteries Nos.1,6,7, and 8 are complete. No. 2 will be ready complete to-morrow at daylight, if the guns intended for it can be landed in time. They were delayed at Old Point by rough weather. Nos.3 and 5 should be ready by daylight. We'll complete communication to these batteries and the left half of first parallel to-night, I hope. Very little firing to-day. Our men hard at work. Weather again good. Roads should be good by

to-morrow.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 23, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The Merrimac, it is reported, will be out in a day or two. She is very much strengthened, and has one or two guns of larger caliber than she had when she destroyed the Cumberland and Congress frigates the 8th of March. The wight of iron added to her had brought her down so that she draws 21 1/2 feet of water. She has in iron beack of 12 feet in lenght, but below water, and cannot be seen. The object is to turn under the upper of the Monitor.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, April 23, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Army of the Potomac, near Yorktown:

Thirty 20-pounders will be sent to you from the West Point Foundery, making, with those from New York and Washington,

thirty-nine in all.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

