
that one of his 8-inch guns burst this afternoon. No. 1 has been firing to-day with good effect. The weather has been so favorable to-day that we have mad unusual progress, not only in construction of trenches and batteries, but also in landing and bringing up guns and ammunition. I had a very satisfactory interview to-day with the new commodore of the flotilla. You have not much longer to wait.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 3, 1862-10 a.m.

(Received May 3, 1862-4.15 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Enemy unusually quiet last night and hits morning. Our rifle pits pushed forward considerably last night. Most satisfactory progress being made in arming the batteries. It now seems certain that one of his large guns burst yesterday. No. 1 seems to give good results. The bursting of its shells in town appears to cause a disagreeable excitement.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, May 3, 1862.

(Received May 4, 1862-8 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I regret to learn that Colonel Campbell, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, has been placed in arrest by Major-General McDowell for endeavoring to comply with my positive order to him to report with his regiment for duty at this place. This regiment was never assigned to General McDowelll's corps, but was detailed by me to General Keyes' corps. I, of course, expected it to follow me as soon as transportation could be provided, and am not a little surprised to learn that my instructions have been interfered with and my force diminished by the action of the commanding officer of the Department of the Rappahannock, in violation of General Orders, No. 29, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, March 22, 1862.

Under these circumstances I beg the immediate interposition of the War Department to relieve from arrest a meritorious officer, against whom there appears to be no complaint save that of obedience to the orders of his rightful commander. I also ask that the regiment, as well as the First New Jersey, Colonel Wyndham, may be permitted to join the army under my command without further delay.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, May 3, 1862.

General W. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I believe it will be advisable to bring Richardson's division

