HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 4, 1862-9 a.m.

(Received 4.15 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

We have the ramparts; have guns, ammunition, camp equipage,&amp;c. Hold the entire line of his works, which the engineers reports as being very strong. I have thrown all my cavalry and horses artillery in pursuit, supported by infantry. I move Franklin and as much more as I can transport by water up to West Point to-day. No time shall be lost. Gunboats have gun up York River. I omitted to state that Gloucester is also in our possession. I shall push the enemy to the wall.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 4, 1862-11.20 a.m.

(Received 4.15 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

An inspection just made shows that the rebels abandoned in their works at Yorktown two 3-inch rifle cannon, two 4 1/2-inch rifle cannon, sixteen 32-pounder, six 42-pounders, nineteen 8-inch columbiads, four 9-inch Dahlgrens, one 10-inch columbiad, one

10-inch mortar, one 8-inch siege howitzers, with carriages and implements complete, each piece supplied with 76 rounds of ammunition. On the ramparts there are also four magazines, which have not yet been examined. This does not include the guns left at Gloucester Point and other works to our left.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 4, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Yorktown:

Accept my cordial congratulations upon the success at Yorktown, and I am rejoiced to hear that your forces are in active pursuit. Please furnish me with the details as far as they are acquired, and I hope soon to hail your arrival at Richmond.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 4, 1862-7 p.m.

(Received May 5,8.40 a.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our cavalry and horses artillery came up with the enemy's rear guard in their intrenchments about 2 miles this side of Williamsburg. A brisk fight ensued. Just as my aide left, Smith's division of infantry arrived on the ground and I presume carried his works, though I have not yet heard. The enemy's rear is strong, but I have force enough up there to answer all purposes. We have thus far seventy-one heavy guns, large; large amounts of tents, ammunition,&c. All along the

