
as far as the Half-way House, directing the commander to send back frequent reports during the day.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, May 5.

WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to say that he desires you to move up the river so as to be at your landing at daybreak, according to the instructions he gave you to-day. Sedgwick's division will follow you as soon as transports can be supplied. Richardson will follow, and all be landed at the point where you disembark, and all will of course be under your command.

The pontoon train will be sent up to Yorktown to-night.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Sunday, May 5, 1862-2.43 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: We are at Lebanon, stopped by General Sumner's orders. The direct road in front of us is impassable for artillery, but I have sent Lieutenant Bowen, who reports a good road through the fields leading into it a mile forward. The bridge at Skiff Creek is partially burned, but was extinguished by Lieutenant Custer, who burned his hands in doing it. The enemy retreated on that road, and it is reported they have two pieces of artillery three-quarters of a mile beyond the bridge. I can turn the head of the creek and the artillery and come into that road to Williamsburg 3 miles from here. I don't think the report about the infantry this morning was correct. I think we have only met the cavalry rear guard. The report, however, came from Captain Champbliss. Lieutenant Custer exchanged shots with the cavalry at the bridge. Regiments camped here last night, and the rebels have been making such changes in the brigades as to show that the Southern troops we getting anxious to get back to their homes. I await orders 1 1/2 miles beyond here.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Our road through the fort was lined with torpedoes, but happily none went off. Thee is a heavy black smoke to our left. We have taken 4 deserters and 1 prisoner, besides provisions, arms, and stores of various kinds of no account.

As I don't know which road you may wish me to take from here, I had better probably await orders here in place of going on to avoid the bad place in front of us.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 5, 1862.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

General Van Alen has been notified that you are in charge of affairs at Yorktown and its vicinity.

