
has ordered all the available transports to carry troops to West Point, and a part of them have started from Cheeseman's Creek. Your dispatch will be laid before the general this evening. I have not yet received anything further from headquarters. To-morrow I can have, subject to your order, the following vessels, which can be unlocated here, viz: Steamers Robert Morris, New Haven, New York, and City of Richmond, which, with the Ocean Queen, would transport 3,500 troops. Six schooners will also be unloaded, which could be towed by these steamers.

If I receive any further information from General McClellan during the night I will communicate it.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Williamsburg, May 5, 1862-1.45 p.m.

(Received May 6-6 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Mr. Tucker's telegram relative to the vessels was received after Franklin's division had embarked and on the way to West Point. Another division goes in the morning, and the last is absolutely necessary to support the first. This movement is of the greatest importance. I will release the vessels just as soon as the troops are landed. Nothing new except what I told you in my last dispatch.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Some of the main works of the enemy are in our possession and I am pushing troops forward, but the roads are horrible.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 5, 1862.

Brigadier General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Commanding Third Corps:

GENERAL: General McClellan directs me to say that in addition to the instructions sent you by General Sweitzer that some troops will be kept in reserve at the Half-way House, to be sent to you if necessary, but the does not think you will require them, and he will probably have use for them at other points. He does not wish to have you attack at daylight unless you receive orders to do so.

He desires you to open communication as early as possible between here and your headquarters.

It is probable that Hancock's success this afternoon will at least check the enemy.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 5, 1862.

General SMITH:

Ayes and Mott have been ordered to join you at once.

