
I would recommend that instructions be given to send 1,000 of the sick and wounded, to be selected with reference to their condition, to the city of New York.

This gives accommodations for 5,000 men, to be modified by the event of battle and other circumstances.

In connection with the above, I have to state that the medical director at Fort Monroe has been directed to vacate his hospitals in the event of battle and receive all the badly wounded who would be injured by transportation.

Respectfully submitted.

R. C. WOOD,

Acting Surgeon-General.

FORT MONROE, Tuesday Evening, May 6, 1862-10 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

The President, with Secretary of the Treasury, reached here a few minutes ago having left Washington last evening, and we are rejoiced to learn the success of your recent operations. I find here a copy of your dispatch of this day's date, and in answer to inquiry state that you are authorized to inscribe the names of battles upon regimental banners at your discretion. We shall remain here a day or two, and will be glad to confer with you to-morrow and render you any assistance.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 6, 1862.

Brigadier General E. D. KEYES,Commanding Fourth Corps:

General McClellan directs that your order a brigade to march at 11 o'clock a.m. to-morrow, and proceed to the point marked A on the inclosed map.* Four companies of cavalry will be ordered to go over the road marked B C, there to examine Barrett's Ferry and the crossing D over the Chickahominy, returning before night to the point A.

The brigade will probably remain at the point A for two or three days.

Please arrange for supplying them with rations accordingly.

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 6, 1862.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,Commanding Second Corps:

General McClellan directs that you return with your headquarters to the vicinity of Yorktown. You will order General Richardson to return

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

10 R R-VOL XI, PT III

