HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, May 7, 1862.

Colonel GEO. A. H. BLAKE,Commanding Brigade of Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general direction that you send immediately a squadron of cavalry, under an efficient and prudent officer, to Mulberry Point, on the James River side, and such other points on Mulberry Island as were occupied of the enemy in that quarter. It will be ascertained if guns or other property were abandoned by the enemy.

It is desired that you procure a guide in Yorktown to accompany the troops, if possible.

A map is sent you containing all the information in possession of the topographical bureau at these headquarters with regard to the region in question.

The duty involved will require circumspection on the part of the officer to guard against any surprise, and is to be executed with expedition and dispatch.

On his return the officer will make a detailed report of his expedition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 7 [?], 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Headquarters near Williamsburg:

Commander Rodgers, with three gunboats, started this morning up the James River. If you can aid them any way with supplies, in case they run short, it may be well to be in condition to do so. A rebel tug-boat from Norfolk came over and surrendered to ut this morning. They report that for three days Norfolk is being evacuated, the navy-yard being dismantled, the troops going some to Richmond and others north to join Jackson. The Yorktown, Jamestown, and two other rebel gunboats are up the James River, and Merrimac will probably try to get up to-day.

An attack on Sewell's Point batteries will be made to-day by Commodore Goldsborough and General Wool.

Report anything you need. The deserters say there is great consternation in Richmond and Norfolk. The machinery of the

navy-yard, and all the cotton, tobacco, and oil are being shipped to Weldon and Raleigh.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE POTOMAC, Williamsburg, May 7, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Franklin's and Sedgwick's divisions are near West Point, landed, and as I am informed were engaged with the enemy during most of the day, with good apparent results. I am pushing up re-enforcements to him as rapidly as possible. I sent out Stoneman this morning with cavalry, artillery, and infantry to reconnoiter the country along the

