
Lower Chickahominy; they have not yet returned. I have had a large force repairing roads so that I can pass artillery over them. My own movements to-morrow will depend upon Stoneman's report

to-night. I regret that my presence with the army at this particular time is of such vast importance that I cannot leave to confer with the President and yourself, but I dare not leave for one hour. The enemy were badly whipped, but will probably fight again. Our men behaved nobly and are in excellent heart and spirits.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1862.

General MEIGS,Quartermaster-General:

It is absolutely necessary to keep our supplies afloat, and land them only as they are wanted, until our base of operations is fixed at West Point or above. Our depot was at first at Old Point, then at Cheeseman's Creek, and now at Yorktown. Franklin's and Sedgwick's division have just landed near West Point, and are now fighting under the guns of the gunboats. Porter's division is rapidly embarking to re-enforce them, and will be off to-night. These frequent embarkations of large masses of troops, which I anticipated, had compelled me to retain the water transportation. I can dispense with a large portion of it as soon as our final base of operations is fixed. I have about 4,000 sick and wounded to send off. The vessels taken away and sent up the Rappahannock have embarrassed me. The Ocean Queen will be dispatched as you direct.

STEWART VAN VLIET,

Quartermaster.

EN ROUTE, May 7, 1762-12.30 o'clock.

Captain SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Started at 11 a.m. There is a space of 1 1/4 wide - about

1 1/2; on the right side there is grain and good pasturage; on the hand a plowed field. One heavy gun found. At the commencement of it is bad, improves, and then alternates between good and bad. One half mile of wood on both sides. Two heavy guns found. Road bad; two wagons left in road. From this point a contraband said they marched rapidly. The Second Rhode Island and Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers ahead about one hour. Another large gun, 42-pounder, found 3 1/2 miles. Firing heard distinctly ahead a little to the left.

Yours, very truly,

WM. H. KEIM,

Brigadier-General.

Memorandum.

The above is just received from Brigadier-General Keim. The orderly waits. Has General McClellan any orders concerning matters in front to send to General Keim?

Respectfully,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

