
WASHINGTON, March 18, 1862.

(Sent 12.55 p. m.)

General MCCLELLAN, Seminary, Va.:

Captain Rodgers has been assigned to conduct the flotilla, and he is now consulting with General McDowell. I beg to suggest that I think McDowell's presence here to-day is important. Shall he remain till to-morrow?

Casey's division is encamped around Washington; several of his regiments new. Will he be permitted to remain as he is till further orders?

I have assigned Patrick to King's division; there was but one before.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA, March 18, 1862 - 1.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Hamilton's division is fairly under way. I would be glad to have two or three naval officers assigned to me for temporary duty. any disposable should report to me here at once. The worst is over. Rely upon it that I will carry this thing through handsomely.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, March 18, 1862-1.40 p.m.

General R. B. Marcy:

Ask McDowell if he had not better nominally establish his headquarters on this side and have some of his staff here. Use your own discretion as to his presence in Washington. As things now are I desire no relief or respite from the army corps organization. I still have to work with divisions. It is exactly right that the whole labor should be thrown upon the shoulders of the General-in-Chief. At such a time as this I need all the assistance that the corps organization can give me, for I am now constantly obliged to tread on the heels of corps commanders by acting directly with divisions. I wish to see Captain rodgers at once. he can do more good here than in Washington, and should consult with me immediately. If Patrick's order is not published, had you not better assign him to Richardson's old division? I leave that to you. Heintzelman would like to have him. Try to get Van Rensselaer also assigned to this army. Let Sacket remain at Headquarters as Inspector-General of the Army. Cannot General Thomas give me two more inspectors, so that I can have one to each corps besides Sacket? Would be glad have Buchanan.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 18, 1862-1,50 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please have McCallum provide engines and cars sufficient to transport supplies only for an army of 130,000 men, including 20,000 horses, over the West Point and Richmond Railway. The road is about 28

