
ELTHAM, May 10, 1862 - 4 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

GENERAL: I have started the reconnaissance in the direction of Cum- berland. The river is obstructed by sunken vessels between here and there, and I have sent a tug to try to get the gunboats through, although perhaps transports may get over it.

Mounted pickets of the enemy are seen on the river banks above us. They do not trouble us.

My wagons and cavalry are landing not as fast as I wish, but still doing perhaps as well as I have a right to expect. Two regiments of Colonel Taylor's brigade and one four-gun battery I sent yesterday to the assistance of General Stoneman's train. He has kept them since, and I will be glad to have them back as soon as they can be spared.

The landing here is good, but of course the higher up we can get the better.

Let me know by the bearer whether I shall go out to meet your and where - I mean myself; not the command.

Truly, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FORT MONROE, May 10. 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The forces under General Wool are advancing upon Norfolk. The landing was without any accident. Great volumes of smoke in the direction of Norfolk indicate that the rebels are burning the city or the navy-yard. The Merrimac is still off Sewell's Point. Rodgers has not been heard from. Nothing heard to-day from McClellan. The President and I have just come from the place where the forces were landed, near Willoughby Point. Schenck and Fremont appear to be stampeded slightly.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT MONROE,

Sunday Morning, May 10, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Twelve o'clock at night. Norfolk is ours, and also Portsmouth and the navy-yard. General Wool, having completed the landing of his forces at Willoughby Point about 9 o'clock this morning, commenced his march on Norfolk with 5,000 men. Secretary Chase accompanied the general. About 5 miles from the landing place a rebel battery was found on the opposite side of the bridge over Tanner's Creek, and after a few discharges upon two companies of infantry that were in the advance the rebels burned the bridge. This compelled our forces to march around 5 miles farther. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon our forces were within a short distance of Norfolk and were met by a delegation of citizens. The city was formally surrendered; our troops were marched in, and now have possession. General Viele is in command as military governor. The

