
city and navy-yard were not burned. The fires which have been seen for some hours prove to be woods on fire. General Wool, with Secretary Chase, returned about 11 o'clock to-night. General Huger withdrew his force without battle. The Merrimac is still off Sewell's Point. Commander Rodgers' expedition was heard from this afternoon ascending the James River. Reports from General McClellan are favorable. We shall return to Washington to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

YORKTOWN, May 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just returned above West Point. General McClellan encamped opposite there, upon main road to Richmond, this evening. Our advanced column was expected to reach New Kent to-night. Rebel pickets were about 5 miles above West Point. Three gunboats went up the Pamunkey to-day to remove rebel vessels sunk in the channel. Two rebel gunboats in process of construction were burned at West Point on the approach of our troops. We are pushing troops and supplies up the river from here as rapidly as possible.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 144. Camp, Roper's Meeting-House, Va., May 10, 1863.

The general commanding learns with regret that notwithstanding the orders already issued on the subject the men of the command have committed many depredations since leaving Yorktown. The general has reliable information that some of the officers connected with the command not only do not try to prevent these outrages but are guilty of them themselves.

The attention of division commanders is called to this subject, and the strictest measures will be taken to prevent all kinds of depredations. Any officer or man hereafter found guilty of stealing will be immediately placed in irons, tried by a military commission, and punished to the extent of the law.

Division commanders will be held responsible that this order is strictly obeyed. The orders with reference to stragglers and rear guards have not been obeyed. Division and brigade commanders will be held responsible that these orders are carried out in future.

When the head of a division approaches a house the provost-marshal will send a guard to remain at it until the head of the next division arrives. If the provost guard is not large enough more will be furnished, and of the best men in the command.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, May 11, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The Merrimac was blown up by the rebels at two minutes before 5

