
Kearny's divisions, under command of General Heintzelman, in the battle of Williamsburg. Their bearing was worthy of veterans. Hooker's division for hours gallantly withstood the attack of greatly superior numbers, with very heavy loss. Kearny's arrived in time to restore the fortunes of the day, and came most gallantly withstood into action. I shall probably have occasion to call attention to other commands, and do not wish to do injustice to them by mentioning them now.

If I had had the full information I now have in regard to the troops above named when I first telegraphed they would have been specially mentioned and commended. I spoke only of what I knew at the time, and shall rejoice to do full justice to all engaged.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 11, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Va.:

I congratulate you on your success. It is General Edward Johnston, not Joe Johnston, who is in front of Fremont. General McDowell still at Fredericksburg. Secretary of War expected back to-night.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 121. Camp at Roper's Meeting-House, Va., May 11, 1862.

It having been reported to the commanding general that the Ninth Regiment New York Cavalry is in a state of disaffection, he deems it unjust to the brave soldiers who constitute this army that men thus displaying a spirit of cowardice in face of the enemy should remain longer with them. The commanding officer of the regiment will prepare lists of the men thus showing themselves unworthy to belong to this army and forward the same to these headquarters, to the end that these persons may be made acquainted with the names of those who have basely held back their services in the time of their country's need. These lists will be given to the army and the public.

It is to be hoped that there are many in the regiment who are animated with the desire to participate in the battle expected soon to take place. Men thus honorably disposed will be sent by their colonel to join the Artillery Reserve, where their service can be more usefully employed at this moment than in any other way.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 122. Camp at Roper's Meeting-House, Va., May 11, 1862.

I. The officers and soldiers of the Army of the Potomac, when within any of the States in rebellion, will not be allowed to take of destroy the

