
property of the inhabitants, on the plea of the owners being disloyal, or upon any other pretense.

II. Soldiers will not be permitted to straggle from their proper commands, nor will they enter the premises of the inhabitants without permission from the proper authority.

III. The provost-marshals of divisions will have the means of knowing who are the disloyal inhabitants, and will give the necessary orders for taking possession of any property belonging to such, if it should be deemed necessary.

In the absence of such orders all provost guards will give protection to the private property of the inhabitants, and treat them with courtesy and kindness.

IV. Persons connected with this army detected in committing or having committed depredations by injuring property of persons, or in carrying off any article or articles from houses or estates (whether abandoned or not) without proper authority, will be held in custody and brought to trial.

V. All property belonging to such inhabitants found in the possession of persons connected with this army will be turned over to the provost-marshals of divisions to be restored to the owners.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 145. Camp at Roper's Church, Va., May 11, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie, having reported to these headquarters, in compliance with instructions from the War Department, is assigned to duty with Hooker's division, Third Army Corps, and will report accordingly.

By command of Major-General McClella:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR ROPER'S CHURCH, May 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Weather good. Roads improving. White House and Cumberland in our possession. Nothing new from enemy.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Roper's Meeting-House, May 12, 1862 - 7 p. m.

(Received May 13, 11.30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully apply to be furnished with two or at least one additional regiment to furnish the garrisons for Yorktown, Gloucester, and

