
III. The number of stragglers from the various regiments of the army on the march to this point has been so great as seriously to diminish the effective strength of the army for the day. As it is of the army for the day. As it is of the first importance, in view of being prepared at any moment to meet the enemy, that every man capable of bearing arms should be with his company, all officers must use every endeavor to prevent straggling. Each brigade commander will place a guard in rear of his brigade, with stringent orders to bring up all stragglers. Division commanders will be held responsible that these orders are strictly carried into effect.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 146. Camp at Roper's Church, May 12, 1862.

* * * * * * * * *

VII. Order of march for to-morrow:

Franklin's division will move at 4 a. m., to encamp at Cumberland.

Smith's division to move at 5 p. m. to Cumberland via New Kent Court-House, and to take up the brigade which has been detached to that place. On his arrival at Cumberland General Smith will report to General Franklin.

F. J. Porter's to start at 5 a. m., to follow the road taken by Franklin, and to encamp at Cumberland, if possible.

The Artillery Reserve to march at 4 a. m., and follow Smith to Cumberland.

Sykes' brigade to start at 5 a. m., and take the road followed by Hunt. On his arrival at cumberland General Sykes will report to General F. J. Porter.

Duane's battalion of Regular Engineers to follow Sykes.

General headquarters to march at 6 a. m. by Atkinson's and Elliot's.

The Cavalry Reserve to march at 10 a. m., by the Barhamsville road passes through Franklin's present camp.

Couch's division to march at 7 a. m.

Casey's division to follow Couch. The wagons of the two divisions are to follow Casey, and both divisions to encamp at New Kent Court-House. A brigade, to be taken from either division, will be detached by General Keyes as a rear guard.

Kearny's division: Two brigades to march to the vicinity of the road which leads to Diascund Bridge, and which leaves the New Kent Court-House road about 8 miles in front of Barhamsville (Baskinwalker's store). The remaining brigade to encamp in the vicinity of Roper's Church (present camp of General Headquarters), watching the Diascund road, and to await further orders.

Hooker to await further orders at his present camp.

Sumner to await further orders at Eltham.

The Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel D. McM. Gregg, to remain at New Kent Court-House for further orders.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

