
SEMINARY, March 18, 1862-8.45 p. m.

Honorable JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I desire to see your order to be sure that the best possible arrangements were made for the rapid and orderly embarkation of the troops, and that everything has been done to insure the prompt arrival of the schooners. If you have seen Ingalls I presume you have arranged everything. I will telegraph you in the morning if it seems advisable or necessary for you to come down. anxious as I am to expedite this very important matter, I should be glad to have frequently the benefit of your advice.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 18, 1862.

(Sent 9.50 p. m.)

General J. HOOKER, Budd's Ferry:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. to-day received.

you can order back to your assistance, in making the movement spoken of in my last dispatch, two companies of cavalry.

Should you make the reconnaissance and not be successful our transports are sufficient to give you immediate aid.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, March 18, 1862-11.40 p. m.

General J. HOOKER, Budd's Ferry:

At it appears that aquia is deserted by the rebels and the batteries abandoned, I would advise that you postpone your movement until to-morrow, when you will have time to learn more of the movements of the enemy, and I, in the mean time, can consult further with the commanding general. I will advise you as soon as I hear from him in the morning. Do not look upon this as an order, however, if you deem it expedient to cross the river at any time.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., via boat, March 19 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary War:

I acknowledge your two dispatches received last evening. The second, as unexpected as it is grateful to my feelings, will be acknowledged by mail. All is quiet, and from appearances the enemy are anticipating the expedition now preparing for this place to be intended for an attack on Norfolk, and consequently troops are concentrating at and near that place. Sewell's Point is being re-enforced, and new batteries are being erected between that point and lambert's Point, at the mouth of Elizabeth River. Stores of every description are arriving.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

2 R R-VOL XI, PT III

