
The two divisions will move at 5 a. m.

The Third Corps, Porter's division excepted, will be concentrated at Cumberland.

Kearny's division will move at 5 a. m.

Hooker's division will move at 6 a. m., but the head of his column will not enter the New Kent and Cumberland road until the rear of Sumner's Corps shall have cleared it. Grover's brigade will also march to Cumberland, if practicable, without too much fatiguing the men and animals.

Until further orders one division of the Fourth Army Corps will be posted in the opening in the opening about 1 mile to the front and right of New Kent Court-House and one division will remain at New Kent Court-House.

The Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Gregg, will remain, temporarily, at New Kent Court-House, under the orders of General Keyes.

Generals Sumner and Heintzelman will send staff officers ahead to acquaint themselves with the roads their troops are to follow, and will leave intelligent non-commissioned officers where other roads cross or meet, to prevent any portion of their troops or trains from taking the wrong direction.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 15, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Cumberland, Va.:

Your long dispatch of yesterday* is just received. I will answer more fully soon. Will say now that all your dispatches to the Secretary of War have been promptly shown to me. Have done and shall do all I could and can to sustain you. Hoped that the opening of James River and putting Wool and Burnside in communication, with an open road to Richmond, or to you, had effected something in that direction. I am still unwilling to take all our force off the direct line between Richmond and here.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 15, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Cumberland, Va.:

On Tuesday last I directed McCallum and General Meigs to send forward to West Point the rolling stock and material for repairing the West Point and Richmond Railway, in anticipation that it would soon be called for.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

* See McClellan's report, Part I, p.26.

---------------

