
I have taken every precaution to secure from injury this house, where Washington passed the first portion of his married life. I neither occupy it myself nor permit others to occupy it, or the grounds in immediate vicinity.

Nothing now from the front to-day. Enemy in some force at Saint Peter's Church. We cannot get at each other now.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

No. 46. Fort Monroe, Va., May 16, 1862.

The organization of the forces now at Norfolk and vicinity will be brigaded until further orders as follows:

Brigadier General E. L. Viele's brigade to consist of Second Regiment New York Volunteers, Tenth Regiment New York Volunteers, Sixteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Brigadier General Max Weber's brigade to consist of First Regiment Delaware Volunteers, Twentieth Regiment New York Volunteers, Fifty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. C. Robinson's brigade to consist of First Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Ninety-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers.

The artillery and cavalry will be assigned hereafter.

The Sixteenth Regiment, with a section of Captain Follett's battery, under Lieutenant Whitney, Fourth Artillery, and one squadron of the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, under a major, will take post at Suffolk. They will march to-morrow.

By command of Major General John E. Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 17, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Ophthalmia, contracted while absent from home, has disabled me from writing until to-day.

We have had nothing of interest from any quarter for several days, but are expecting news from Corinth very soon.

An order respecting your application to the President for re-enforcements will be transmitted to-morrow. The instruction you desired respecting the publication of unauthorized official reports has been given.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 17, 1862.

Memorandum, in handwriting of President Lincoln, of his proposed additions to instructions of above date to General McDowell and General Meigs' indorsement thereon. (See also Part I, p.28.)

You will retain the separate command of the forces taken with you; but while co-operating with General McClellan you will obey his orders,

