HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE POTOMAC, May 18, 1862.

General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,White House:

The commanding general directs that you move one division of your corps to Saint Peter's Church to-morrow, the other division to take post in the vicinity of New Kent Court-House, picketing toward Jones' Bridge. A sufficient command will, however, be left by you at Cumberland to assist in breaking up the depot in that place and to guard the public properly there for the time being.

When the stores are all removed the detachment will rejoin its proper command.

Please acknowledge this dispatch.

By order of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 125. Camp near White House, Va., May 18, 1862.

I. The attention of the general commanding has been called to the publication of letters from officers and others connected with this army containing information which must have been of much value to the enemy should it have reached him.

To communicate precise intelligence of the strength, position, or movements of the army in private letters, not designed for publication, is itself highly improper, and liable to prove of serious disadvantage to our operations; but when such intelligence is allowed to pass into the public prints the proceeding deserves grave censure, if indeed the offense does not become one demanding the exaction of the penalty denounced by the law for giving information to the enemy.

Henceforth the communication, for publication, of any intelligence likely to prove of advantage to the enemy is prohibited; and the utmost circumspection is enjoined upon correspondents in their private letters.

II. The publication of official reports of military events, or the circulation of copies of the same, for private purposes, in advance of their having reached the War Department and of the authorization of their publication by the Secretary of War, is improper and unmilitary, and is strictly prohibited.

Official report are the property of the Government; they cannot be published or put in circulation without the consent of the proper authority.

III. The forces commanded by Brigadier Gens. F. J. Porter and W. B. Franklin are designated the Fifth and Sixth Provisional Army Corps.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 19, 1862.

(Received May 20, 10.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The desponding tone of General McClellan in calling for more troops induced me to ask for more troops. The calling for troops on his part

