
creates a suspicion of weakness, and consequently my lead to defeat. It is therefore I called for more troops, to be ready to meet coming events foreshadowed by calls made on the Government. The Sixteenth [Massachusetts] Regiment, with a section of artillery and a squadron of dragoons, occupies Suffolk. I intend sending a greater force as soon as I can forward supplies. I will have cars running on the railroad in two or three days, and the telegraph line established in the course of two days to Suffolk, and I am informed it will be established between Fort Monroe and Cherrystone Creek to-morrow.

The principal part of my forces is at Norfolk and in advance of the naval station, and near the intrenchments facing toward Suffolk. The rebels tore up the rails for some distance from Suffolk leading to here, and burned the bridge that crosses Blackwater River. It is reported that they destroyed all the bridges on the Roanoke Railroad. The people of Norfolk have shown as yet no disposition all the bridges on the Roanoke Railroad. The people of Norfolk have shown as yet no disposition to acknowledge the Government of the United States; at the same time assert with confidence that General McClellan will be beaten, the rebels having more than 100,000 men in and around Richmond. I do not believe the latter statement, yet it may be true.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp at Saint Peter's Church, May 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Richardson's division is in camp at this place. Sedgwick's division at the junction of the road leading past Dr. Mayo's house and the direct road from New Kent Court-House to Bottom's Bridge, about 3 miles from this. I cautioned him particularly about watching the roads leading in upon our left.

Very respectfully,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

TUNSTALL'S STATION, May 19, 1862 - 3 p. m.

(Received May 20, 10.30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Has been raining to-day, but the whole army has nevertheless advanced. Have been to Bottom's Bridge to-day. Enemy are there. Except our reconnoitering parties to be at New Bridge to-day. The troops well together and in hand. Railway in good order between Pamunkey and Chickahominy, except two small bridges, which were burned.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

NEAR TUNSTALL'S STATION, May 20, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

The instructions of the Secretary of War to muster out the Ninth New York Cavalry were duly received. Deeming that it would prove

