
pass while in motion. Trains which do not leave their camps at the hours designated in orders from headquarters will give way for others that come in contact with them upon the line of march.

A surgeon or assistant surgeon will march with the rear guard of each brigade, while duty it will be to examine every man who leaves the ranks and remains behind. If he is unable to march he will be placed in an ambulance; otherwise the rear guard will take him prisoner and force him to go forward.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, VA., May 24, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

I respectfully request that if possible an infantry regiment be sent to the White House, on the Pamunkey, our principal depot, to remain as a guard at that place. I cannot well spare a regiment from the active army now before Richmond for this duty, and have thought that one might perhaps be furnished from the reserve regiments of New York of Pennsylvania.

Please inform me whether request can be complied with.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 24, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Fort Monroe:

It is very desirable that you would send a regiment to garrison White House, on the Pamunkey, for General McClellan, if it can be done. The President is anxious you should do it, if possible, as we can send him nothing from here. Please answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, May 24, 1862.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If Major-General McClellan cannot sustain himself with the forces he has with him and his large train of artillery he will not be able to do it with a regiment from my command. Norfolk ought to be maintained. If McClellan should be driven back, he had West Point and Yorktown to fall back upon, and at least a part of the Navy to sustain him. I do not apprehend such a result. Rumors are rife that the rebel army is leaving Richmond, and his advance is within 5 miles of Richmond.

I am preparing to ship forward my troops to Suffolk and beyond, depending on circumstances. Most of my troops are in advance of Norfolk. If General McClellan should be driven back, I shall stand

