
Major General JOHN E. WOOL:

I have seen your dispatch* to the Secretary of War, and beg to thank you for the spirit in which its is couched.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

(Copy to the Secretary of War.)
HEADQUARTERS, March 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General HOOKER:

General McClellan desires to be informed at once what the last news is from Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg.

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,

Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Md., March 19, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

Please say to the major-general commanding that I have no advices from Aguia or Fredericksburg later than those forwarded last night. I shall have further information to-night, at least I should have. Tell the general that with two brigades and a battery I feel very confident that I can overcome any opposition the rebels may present on this side of the Rappahannock, if it should not disappear of itself, which i think the most probable. An advance of a small force in that direction will be considered by the enemy as the head of a formidable column for it is natural for them to look for an invasion from that direction. It is not their intention to make a stand on this side of the Rappahannock.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

MARCH 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY:

The bridges are all standing at Aquia Creek and guarded. Two Northern men have arrived at Liverpool Point from Fredericksburg yesterday. They represent large numbers of troops in the vicinity of Fredericksburg. They haven been using the batteries at Aquia to-day. We can take possession of the bridges, if you desire, between this and morning, with the aid of the Stepping Stones. My negro spies are not in, but this information is reliable.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Budd's Ferry, March 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY:

I have now two steamers at my disposal. Shall I embark two bri-

---------------

*See Wool to Stanton, March 18, p. 14

---------------

