
reply to this that I may arrange accordingly. It will be dangerous to leave troops idle in such an emergency as this. All goes quiet.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 27, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

General Wool has been requested to afford you the force which you desired for garrison purposes on Saturday and in your telegram to the the President of yesterday. He feels himself unable to do so with safety to the important positions requiring to be held in his department. In order therefore to supply your wants two regiments of infantry and one of artillery, now on their way from New York, will be forwarded to Yorktown from Baltimore, to be followed by other forces if you should need them. Have you arms and equipments for any unequipped troops?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1862. (Received 12 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am glad to learn that additional re-enforcements are on their way to Yorktown. They will assist me greatly in my operations. We have some 6,000 unserviceable arms at the White House and a supply of ammunition, but no spare equipments. I advise that, if possible, the troops ordered here come armed and equipped.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near New Bridge, May 27, 1862 - 2.30 p. m.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Very severe storm last night and this morning has converted everything into mud again and raised Chickahominy. Richmond papers urge Johnston to attack, now he has us away from gunboats. I think he is too able for that. I communicated with gunboats yesterday by a small party. Am not yet ready to co-operate with them. Every day is making our result more sure and I am wasting no time. Rather heavy firing in direction of Porter, from whom I expect good news in a few hours. What about General Banks? Am obliged for the promised re-enforcements.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

13 R R-VOL XI, PT III

