HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1862 - 10.30 p. m. (Received May 28 - 4.30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatches of 6.30 received. Glad to hear that affairs in the Shenandoah are not so bad as they first seemed.

If I can be informed of the number of each regiment destined for me and when it sails I will send instructions to Yorktown as to its final destination. I shall be glad to have whatever you can give me, particularly of disciplined troops. I have no spare arms. No further dispatches from Porter. I will telegraph the moment I hear again. Enemy have evidently heard the news and are stampeded - are beating the long roll on front of us.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

What of F. J. Porter's expedition? Please answer.

A. LINCOLN.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, May 28, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Your dispatch to General McClellan this moment received and dispatched by special messenger to him. In his absence, directing operations in front, I have the honor to state for your information that the troops under General F. J. Porter marched more than 20 miles yesterday through mud and rain, fought six hours, and were at the close of the action encumbered with some 600 killed and wounded, including those of the enemy, to be buried and cared for, with 500 or 600 prisoners to be guarded, which prevented General Porter from pressing forward last night to cut the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad. This will be done to-morrow. The prisoners that were taken yesterday, and are here now, say that they were ordered to re-enforce Jackson via Hanover Junction, and were ordered back to Richmond. It is therefore presumed that this is the same force referred to by General King.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S. - The prisoners already taken number at least 700, I am credibly informed.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, May 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A detachment from General F. J. Porter's command, under Major Williams, Sixth Cavalry, destroyed the South Anna railroad bridge

