
pointed acting aide-de-camp to the commanding general, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

No. 52. Fort Monroe, Va., May 28, 1862.

As the Navy are entitled to all guns and property recently taken in the several batteries in the city and vicinity of Norfolk, no officer of the Army will interfere with any disposition of the same that may be directed by Flag-Officer L. M. Goldsborough, or any authorized agent of the Navy Department, except the intrenchments and guns south of the navy-yard and Gosport.

At posts where there are troops stationed the officers of the Army will render such aid as may be in their power in removing the guns and property.

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1862 - 10 a. m.

General R. B. MARCY,

McClellan's Headquarters:

Your just received. I think it cannot be certainly known whether the force which fought General Porter is the same which recently confronted McDowell. Another of evidence bearing on it is that General Branch commanded against Porter, white it was General Anderson who was in front of McDowell. He and McDowell were in correspondence about prisoners.

A. LINCOLN.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, May 29, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

In answer to your dispatch of this morning I have the honor to state that several rebel officers, taken prisoners on the 27th, say they confidently expected to have been re-enforced on that day by Anderson's command. General Porter reports that South Anna railroad bridge was fired this morning, and a large amount of Confederate property destroyed at Ashland. General Porter's command is now on its march back to this place, having executed his instructions.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 29, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

I think we shall be able within three days to tell you certainly whether any considerable force of the enemy, Jackson or any one else,

