
gades, and what shall I do with them when the bridges are burned? I am totally in the dark as to my future, as the bridges will be destroyed the moment I threaten them, if not before.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General.

MARCH 19, 1862-1 p. m. (Sent 2.25 p. m.)

General HOOKER, Budd's Ferry:

The sole object of your movement would [be] to force the enemy to destroy his bridges at Fredericksburg. From accounts received last night from wyman as to strength I think two brigades very weak for the purpose. When I hear from you in answer to message sent a few minutes ago as to position of rebels I can decide definitely; meantime await further orders.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 19, 1862.

(Sent 10.24 a. m.)

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Seminary, Va.:

In accordance with your understanding with General Heintzelman yesterday morning, I directed General Hooker to cross two brigades of his division, a squadron of cavalry, and a light battery, and drive the rebels, which he said were still at their batteries at Aquia, toward Fredericksburg; but upon the receipt of a dispatch from him last night, stating that Aquia depot and the batteries had, according to the report of there deserters, been abandoned and the troops withdrawn, I advised him to postpone his movement until to-day, when he could probably learn more about it. I told him, however, not to look upon this as an order, provided he at any time considered it expedient to go ahead.

He asks, "Shall i move camp permanently?" which I suppose means will he cross and remain permanently on the other side. I will let him know your wishes as soon as I get your answer.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Seminary, March 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General MARCY:

Direct Hooker not to move until further orders.

By order:

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RICHARDSON'S DIVISION,

Manassas, March 19, 1862.

General E. V. SUMNER:

DEAR SIR: A reconnaissance this morning shows that the bayonets spoken of yesterday in my dispatch were from General Banks' column,

