
WASHINGTON, May 30, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The enemy attacked Saxton at Harper's Ferry this morning at 2 o'clock, and he is now crossing the river.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., May 30, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

From all the evidence and conflicting reports and statements that have been made during the last three days I am satisfied that Anderson's force has not joined Jackson.

The force under Jackson was in front of Harper's Ferry at sundown. During the night there appeared to have been a stampede, but we are still in possession there. General Saxton commands, but his troops are new volunteers, very much affected with the alarm created by the retreat of Banks.

We are greatly rejoiced at your success in breaking the railroads and destroying the bridges. It seems to me the enemy will feel that blow more heavily than anything since the evacuation of Yorktown.

I had an inquiry last night from General Mitchel, at Huntstville, whether it was true that you had taken Richmond. It seems the report is down there, and I hope and believe that I shall soon have the pleasure of announcing that great event.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 30, 1862-9.30 p.m. (Received May 31, 1.15 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A contraband reports that Beauregard arrived in Richmond day before yesterday with troops and amid great excitement. I cannot vouch for the truth of this, but give it for what it may be worth in connection with evacuation of Corinth. Terrible storm this afternoon and to-night; roads again frightful. Need more ambulances.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 30, 1862.

General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Commanding Department:

I explained to Captain Moses to-day General McClellan's views about the condition of things on your line, which he has no doubt given you. In addition to this it is proper to say that he expects you to conduct and control all the operations of the two corps now on the Richmond side of the Chickahominy River, and to give General Keyes any orders you may deem needful to insure the safety of that portion of the army. Please keep us informed of all that occurs of interest within the limits of your command.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

