
cavalry to proceed at once to Old Church, to take post there and to remain until relieved. From this force guards will be detailed to be placed over the Confederate property there, and also over the houses of Mrs. General Lee and Mrs. Dashiell, with instructions to prevent any communication from the residents with the rebel lines.

An officer will be sent either to Colonel Warren (Sykes' brigade of regulars near these headquarters) or to Colonel Rush near Cold Harbor, to ascertain the location of the property and premises in question.

Great vigilance will be necessary on the part of the force sent to Old Church. Scouts will be thrown well to the front and flanks to watch well the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 31, 1862.

General E. V. SUMMER:

You will cross the Chickahominy River with your command and march at once to the support of General Heintzelman.

Send out strong reconnaissance to the right toward New Bridge road and Old Town.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

New Bridge, May 31, 1862-5 p.m.

General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Left Wing:

You have done what I expected of you in retrieving the disaster of Casey. With the remaining five divisions you should hold your own. I will post everything during the night, so as to be able to cross at New Bridge to-morrow. Tell Kearny, Hooker, and Ord [?] that I expect them to hold firm and repulse every and any attack. Recapture, if possible, any guns taken. Keep me fully informed of all that passes. Let me send to Washington as soon as possible the news that all is right.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Seven Pines, May 31, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I send by may aide Lieutenant B. C. Chetwood, who is the aide of Major General J. E. Johnston. This young gentleman was handsomely captured by our pickets on our right, and near the place examined two days ago by Generals Barnard and Humphreys, where the enemy was drawn up in line of battle. In connection with the appearance of this young officer on our right and near our lines, I will state that the general officer of the day, Colonel Hunt, of Casey's division, heard the cars running through the night continually.

Yesterday there was much stir among the enemy, and everything on

