
posted between Richmond and the Rappahannock; also please direct the commanders of such troops to report to me at once by telegraph the location and strength of their commands.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 2, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

There are no troops between Richmond and the Rappahannock in advance of Fredericksburg subject to your command. The troops on the left bank of the river opposite Fredericksburg control that place. Detachments of course are kept in that place.

You will be duly advised of the ordering of all troops sent to your command.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862-7.10 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

A dispatch from General Halleck just received states as follows:

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 2-8 a.m.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

It is the unanimous report that no troops left Corinth till the 29th. We have abundant evidence that the evacuation was a hurried one. Beauregard was there on the 29th, and had not been to Virginia. Copies of orders issued by him during the evacuation have been found. His troops were to move on Okolona, Ripley, and Holly Springs. The destruction of the railroad at Booneville may have partially changed the programme. The main body of the enemy is retreating slowly south through a swampy country, destroying the road and bridges behind them. The cars were almost entirely occupied in removing stores and the sick. No one has given any intimation that any troops have gone east.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Mr. Sanford, who is acquainted with the routes mentioned by General Halleck, says that there is no probability that any troops could reach Richmond by these routes without long delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army Potomac:

The following dispatch has been received from General Halleck:

CORINTH, May 31, 1862.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

If Beauregard has been at Richmond others have forged his signature, as I have received letters from him about exchange of prisoners, and nearly every day for the

