
last fortnight. The evacuation of Corinth commenced on Wednesday and was completed on Thursday night, but in great haste, as an immense amount of property was destroyed and abandoned. No troops have gone from here to Richmond, unless within the last two days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 2, 1862-8.50.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Dispatches from General Halleck represent the rebel army from Corinth retreating in great disorder to Okolona. General Pope is pursuing and harassing them with 50,000 men.

We are anxious to know more particulars of your gallant action of yesterday. Nothing has been heard from McDowell since yesterday morning, nor of Fremont. The change at Fort Monroe will give you command of more troops, and as soon as possible we shall send you more from here.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

McCLELLAN'S, June 2, 1862-9 p.m. (Received June 3,10.20 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegrams received. I am satisfied Beauregard is not here. Everything quiet to-day except some artillery firing heard at works on bridges. Enemy reported still in force in front of our right.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. HOOKER'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Casey's Camp, Va., June 2, 1862.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that I returned from my reconnaissance about 5 o'clock this p.m. I found skirting the swamp in front of Casey's camp, on the Richmond road, two roads; one leading to the railroad, the other branching toward the James River and to the south of Richmond. These were traversed for some distance-the former to the railroad-without important discoveries.

In advance of these roads the enemy appeared to have a regiment of cavalry and three of infantry, but as the latter were most concealed in the forest, it was not prudent to determine their number; it may have been much greater. Our picket exchanged a few shots.

On my return my command encamped in rear of Casey's camp, it not being possible to occupy that ground from the stench arising from the

14 R R-V L XI, PT III

