
for crossing over the Fifth and Sixth on their right. No labor will be spared in at once rendering practicable and perfectly secure the communication now existing across the Chickahominy in rear of the three left corps-Second, Third, and Fourth.

Steps will at once be taken to supply deficiencies in ammunition, provisions, &amp;c., as well as to organize promptly those commands which suffered most in the late battle, more particularly Casey's. A close inspection will be made by the latter without delay, and its condition reported to these headquarters.

V. Commanders of army corps will, with the least practicable delay, organize from the field batteries attached to the division composing their respective corps an artillery reserve, to consist of about one-half the whole field artillery force attached to the corps, and to be placed under the command of a suitable light artillery officer. This reserve will be subject only to the orders of the corps commander.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in pursuance to orders from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, of the 1st instant, will assume command of the troops at Fort Monroe, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Suffolk, and in the vicinity of those places, exercising within his command the functions of the commander of a division or separate brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

No. 53. Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1862.

The Department of Virginia having been assigned to Major General George B. McClellan, and Fort Monroe to Major General John A. Dix, and the latter having arrived to assume command, Major General John E. Wool this day takes leave of the department which he has commanded more than nine months with pleasure and entire satisfaction.

The discipline and good order of the troops render it due to them to say that he has ever, when required, found them prompt, zealous, active, and energetic. In parting with such a command he would do injustice to his feelings were he not to say he does with extreme regret. He, however, derives consolation from the fact that they are hereafter to be commanded by generals who can appreciate their discipline, good order, and efficiency.

By command of Major-General Wool:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

No. 1. Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1862.

Pursuant to orders from the War Department the undersigned assumes command at this point. All orders now in force will be obeyed until otherwise directed.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

