
McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, June 3, 1862-6 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Some firing to-day-nothing serious. Hard at work upon the bridges, removing wounded, &amp;c. I expect at White House to-night six regiments, ordered up from Fort Monroe. These will at once be distributed among the old bridges. The next leap will be the last one.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Camp in the Field, June 3, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: In view of the very severe losses in my corps, I respectfully request that some of the troops about the arrive as re-enforcements to this army may be assigned to the Fourth Corps.

Casey's division, which has suffered so much from sickness and battle, from the lack of experienced officers, and the majority of which was not at all instructed at the opening of this campaign, has now three good brigadiers. By the addition of a few new regiments of drilled troops its morale and efficiency would be vastly increased.

I respectfully request that two good batteries may be assigned to Casey's division, to constitute a part of the Reserve Artillery under my command, and one to Couch's division to be a part of the reserve from his division, according to recent orders, to be placed under the command of the corps commander.

Brigadier-General Sumner has ordered all my cavalry to his headquarters, and I have sent Colonel Gregg and the Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry, leaving me only a few of the Eighth Illinois for orderlies and messengers. My corps now has an extensive territory to guard, and cavalry is absolutely necessary. I would be glad therefore to have Colonel Gregg and his regiment permanently assigned to my command.

In conclusion, I beg further to request that the regiments of Couch's division, the Second Rhode Island and Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania, on duty with Brigadier-General Stoneman, and the Ninety-third New York, of Casey's division, on duty with Colonel Ingalls, be relieved and returned to their respective commands.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORT MONROE, VA.,

No. 2. June 3, 1862.

The following order having been received from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, is hereby promulgated:

Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in pursuance to orders from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, of the 1st instant, will assume command of the troops of the troops at Fort Monroe, Norfolk, Portsmouth,

