
below the lower trestle bridge, and one about three-fourths of a mile below that.

This great amount of work in one night made it necessary that I should call for details out of my own brigade. I have parties at work at both places, but they will not finish their work to-night at either place. At the upper place, however, I hope they will make a passable foot bridge ready for use early in the morning.

The troops of the Engineer Brigade work very willingly, and if they have not done enough it is my fault. My reports to Generals Barnard will show the extent of their services. Last night two companies of the Fifteenth worked all night in the rain in throwing up an infantry parapet on the south side of the lower trestle bridge. It rained this forenoon, and I did not call for much work. Two companies were sent last night to Bottom's Bridge to rebuild the bridge erroneously reported to be washed away. One company is kept at the White House, to take care of property, &amp;c.; a detachment is left with each bridge, to watch and take care of it.

A detachment, parts of several companies, was at work this morning on the corduroy south of the upper trestle bridge, until, as the commanding officer reported, Colonel Alexander wisely, as I think, told them to stop. At the present stage of the river 400 yards of corduroy will be required over the south approach to lower bridge and about 100 yards of bridge. Only a little of this work can be done before the enemy is driven away. I hope to receive pontoons enough to-morrow or next day to make the 300 feet of bridges.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 170. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 4, 1862.

I. Instead of reporting to Major-General Dix, as directed by Special Orders, No. 168, of the 2nd instant, from these headquarters, Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell will at once report in person to Brigadier-General Sumner, commanding Second Corps, for temporary assignment to the brigade lately commanded by Brigadier-General Howard, now absent from duty by reason of wounds received in action.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, June 5, 1862-10 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My order of the 25th May, directing the order of march from the Chickahominy and the disposition to be made of trains and baggage, is published in full in the Baltimore American of the 2nd instant. If any statement could afford more important information to the enemy I am unable to perceive it.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

