
my not joining you before by your friends, and of something I have heard as coming from you on that subject, I wish to say that I go with the greatest satisfaction, and hope to arrive with my main body in time to be of service. McCall goes in advance by water. I will be with you in ten days with the remainder by land from Fredericksburg.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Rappahanock.

FORT MONROE, June 9, 1862-5 a.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have sent McClellan nine of the best regiments in General Wool's late command. I sent him yesterday Fardella's One hundred and first New York Volunteers, just arrived from Washington; in all ten regiments. I shall have left only five reliable regiments for this post, Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Suffolk. I have for regiments New York militia, entirely raw, and imperfectly armed and equipped; a very poor regiment from Maryland, and about 1,000 artillery and cavalry. I have not yet received the redoubts from the militia regiments, which are very small. I do not think my whole force can exceed 9,500 men.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, June 9, 1862-1 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram received. I have already telegraphed in reference to the co-operation of General Dix and myself. I also referred to Governor Stanly's policy. It is evidently misunderstood by the Northern people. Mr. Collyer has misrepresented the matter, if newspapers are correct. Governor Stanly is as sound on the Union question as you or I. In answer to a dispatch from me to General McClellan, stating that I was here, he says, "Can you not come up to see me in a special boat?" Shall I go?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, June 9, 1862-5 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Three regiments on Roanoke Island; one at Washington; one at Newport on railroad, and one and half at Beaufort and Fort Macon; fourteen at New Berne; one regiment artillery and one regiment cavalry and three batteries divided along the different commands. A large portion of the forces at New Berne is on picket duty. Regiments average 600 effective men. I leave for McClellan's at once. Will telegraph you before I return to New Berne.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

