
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 133. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 9, 1862.

I. In order to prevent marauding and the ill-treatment of the inhabitants of the country by soldiers and followers of the army, straggling or going to the rear singly or in small parties not under proper control, it is directed that until further orders, all soldiers belonging to this army, whose terms of enlistment may expire from and after this date, or who are to be discharged the service from whatever cause; all teamsters or other civil employes of the United States Government, and all servants in the employ of officers, remain within the division to which they belong, or with which they may be employed, until they can be collected into parties of sufficient size to justify their being sent to the rear under charge of a division provost guard.

II. In discharging soldiers from hospitals the surgeons in charge will be particularly careful to give them the proper passes when sent to join their regiments. The passes will give their names, companies, regiments, divisions, and corps, and, if possible, their stations.

III. At all general hospitals the convalescents of each division will be detained until a party of sufficient number can be formed, to be sent under charge of a commissioned officer, if possible; if not, then under an energetic non-commissioned officer, to the command to which they belong.

IV. The attention of corps and division commanders is called to paragraph IX, General Orders, No. 60, of February 21, 1862, from these headquarters, the requirements of which in the late battles were not observed in a single instance. The paragraph is republished, with directions for strict compliance with its provisions hereafter:

All prisoners captured from the enemy will be turned over to the provost-marshall of division, who will send them, at the earliest practicable moment, with complete descriptive lists and information as to where, when, and how they were captured, to the provost-marshal-general.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 175. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 9, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General John C. Robinson is assigned temporarily to the command of Birney's brigade, Kearny's division, Third Army Corps, and will report accordingly, without delay.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Norfolk, June 10, 1862.

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Your telegram of the 8th did not reach me until last night. The President when here said to me that whatever General Wool and myself thought best with regard to destroying the works left by the

