
FORT MONROE, June 11, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just returned from McClellan's headquarters, where I passed about six hours. It stormed very hard all day. The road are in the most wretched condition. I was four and a half hours traveling 9 miles. It is impossible to move artillery whilst they are so bad. But for the railroad the army could not be subsisted and foraged. The general health was improving. The officers and men are in good spirits. I will write you fully of our consultation about co-operating. I would very much like a personal interview, but feel that I cannot remain away from my department any longer unless you desire it. I would be glad to get any instructions you may have by telegraph.

BURNSIDE.

P. S.-Since writing the foregoing I have just heard from my department by a boat which left Roanoke at 7 o'clock last evening. Everything quiet.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 11, 1862-11 p.m

(Received Washington, D. C., June 12, 1862-12.10 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following is taken from the Richmond Whig of the 10th instant:

STAUTON, June 9.

Governor LETCHER:

General Jackson has given Shields an awful whipping, capturing one regiment and his artillery, and driven him for miles down the Shenandoah. Fremont appeared on the opposite bank of the North and Shenandoah Rivers. Our victory to-day over Shields is complete. If General Jackson had re-enforcements he would save all. Our loss is very heavy, but the enemy's was tremendous. The cavalry is still in pursuit. Fremont has crossed the North River with a small force at Rockland Mills.

Second dispatch:

STAUNTON, June 9.

General Ashby was killed last Friday. Our loss yesterday was about 200; to-day much heavier. Will give you any news additional that comes to hand. Great victory over Shields to-day.

Third dispatch:

STAUTON, June 9.

Fremont is falling back and blockading the road. Jackson pressing Shields. Urge forward the re-enforcements, so that he may follow up his successes.

A. W. H.*

There is reason to believe that two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery were sent from Richmond on Sunday, the 8th instant, to re-enforce Jackson.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp at Dr. Trent's, June 12, 1862-6 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have moved headquarters across Chickahominy. The maps I send

---------------

*Major A. W. Harman, C. S. Army.

---------------

