SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 182. Camp Lincoln, Va., June 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. The Cavalry Reserve and the troops under Brigadier-General Stoneman are placed for the present under the orders of Brigadier General F. J. Porter, commanding Fifth Provisional Army Corps, and will at once be reported accordingly by a staff officer.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, June 17, 1862-4 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We will not need the wagon bodies you allude to. Our cavalry yesterday repaid the enemy for his raid of Friday night by surprising him at Ashland. Among other things retaken, a Bull Run wagon. Weather splendid. Heard this morning heavy and long-continued firing of heavy guns in direction of Fort Darling. Expect to know more about it soon.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

McCLELLAN'S, June 18, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Several deserters state hat troops have left Richmond to re-enforce Jackson; that the movement began on the 8th, when two battalions went; that a regiment of cavalry preceded them, going westward, but not known whether to Jackson or elsewhere. During the past week a considerable portion of Longstreet's division is said to have followed, and two more batteries on 14th, the whole probably commanded by General Whiting. The batteries went by rail via Lynchburg. It is not known how the infantry went.

I cannot vouch for the truth of this statement, but it seems certain that the belief in Richmond and among rebel troops is that the case is as stated. If re-enforcements have gone to Jackson, they are probably in considerable force, not less than 10,000.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 18, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Yours of to-day making it probable that Jackson has been re-enforced by about 10,000 from Richmond is corroborated by a dispatch from General King at Fredericksburg, saying a Frenchman just arrived from Richmond by way of Gordonsville met 10,000 to 15,000 passing through the latter place to join Jackson.

