
with a handsome number of killed and wounded. His loss, I should judge, had been 15 or 20. Three prisoners were taken.

The district passed over is only swampy in places. Full reports will be furnished as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[JUNE 18, 1862.-For Secretary of War to Speaker of the House of Representatives in reference to the White House property, on the Pamunkey, and subsequent reports and correspondence on this subject, see Series III, Vol. II.]
HEADQUARTERS CASEY'S DIVISION,Poplar Hill, June 18, 1862.

Captain SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: It has been ascertained by Captain Keenan, commanding the cavalry on duty with my division, that General Stuart, of the rebel service, with a body of 2,000 cavalry, is encamped between the New Market road and James River, about 6 miles from my position. I respectfully suggest that a force of 3,000 cavalry, with two pieces of flying artillery, be at once dispatched to report to me.

I am of opinion, from the reports of my scouts and reconnoitering parties, that Stuart's position is one that may be attacked with a prospect of success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Yours of last night just received and for which I thank you.

If large re-enforcements are going from Richmond to Jackson it proves one of two things, either that they are very strong at Richmond or do not mean to defend the place desperately.

On reflection, I do not see how re-enforcements from Richmond to Jackson could be in Gordonsville, as reported by the Frenchman and your deserters. Have not all been sent to deceive?

A. LINCOLN.

McCLELLAN'S, June 19, 1862-11.30 p.m. (Received June 20, 1.35 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At this time I am obliged to leave part of McCall's division to guard my communication from the White House. I beg leave to ask if I am

