HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,McClellan's, June 20, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding, New Berne:

How many troops could you bring to White House and leave everything secure in your present position, and what time would it require to get the disposable troops to Fort Monroe? What is the earliest moment you can move with your present transportation on Goldsborough?

Answer at once.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Answer.

We can put 7,000 infantry in Norfolk in five days, but no artillery, cavalry, or wagons. We can land at a point on the Chowan to attack Petersburg with 7,000 infantry, twelve pieces of artillery, 250 cavalry, and enough wagons for ammunition and four days' provisions in five days.

We can move on Goldsborough at sixty hours' notice with 10,000 infantry, twenty pieces of artillery, five companies cavalry. From my present information I think we can take Goldsborough and hold it for the present, although 13 miles of the railroad between here and Kinston have been destroyed. At all events we can go to Kinston and repair the railroad and bridges between here and there. We have already built the bridges over the Trent and Batchelder's Creek, and will probably have to built one more bridge of 80 feet at Core Creek and one of 400 feet at Kinston, although the latter is not yet destroyed and we may say it.

[A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.]

McCLELLAN'S, June 20, 1862. (Received June 20,7.10 p.m.)

General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance:

The Parrott ammunition heretofore furnished the 20-pounder Parrott guns sent to this army has proved unsatisfactory. The enemy thus far fire better than we can. The Schekl ammunition we have had has, however, done, well, and I consider it of the highest importance that a large quantity of that kind be sent here immediately. I shall doubtless have occasion to use the 30-pounder Parrott guns I have, and I strongly advise that, if it can be procured, a good supply of Schenkl ammunition be sent forward for that caliber.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

