
guides necessary for an onward march from Hampton and Newport News.

Miscellaneous information obtained in part through general Mans-field from the deserter or spy already mentioned: The steamboat Peck run from Grove's Wharf, on James River, opposite Williamsburg, to Richmond, leaving the former place every day at 5 p. m. There is a battery of ten guns at Grove's Wharf. On James River, 21 miles above Williamsburg, there is a battery of thirty-two large guns. At Warwick there is a battery of seven guns half a mile above the Court-House. This battery is not represented on the map, and I cannot make out its exact situation. The steamer Logan leaves Yorktown daily at 5 p. m. for West Point. There is a telegraph from Big Bethel to Richmond. Fourteen columbiads are mounted at Gloucester. Twenty-four guns in all, according to mansfield, twenty-seven according to Cram, are mounted in the fortifications immediately around Yorktown. To these would probably be added the guns withdrawn from outside batteries.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 20, 1862-9.20 a. m.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

Your dispatch, dated Seminary, 12 o'clock last night, asking authority to organize a division from the troops at Fort Monroe, for the operations under your immediate direction, to be commanded by Brigadier-General Mansfield, has been received, and your guest is approved of which General Wool will be advised. General Wool has already, in a most becoming spirit, manifested a disposition to waive all technicalities in your favor, and you will encounter no obstacle from him. I am rejoiced to learn that everything goes on to your satisfaction, and no effort of the Department will be spared to insure your success.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SEMINARY, VA., March 20, 1862-12.55 p. m.

(Received March 20, 1862-1.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Have you received my letter* in regard to co-operation of Navy?

If so, please see the President at once and telegraph the rely. On your reply much depends, for, as you will see from my letter, I have now to choose at once between the two methods of accomplishing our object.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 20, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of Potomac, Headquarters, Seminary:

Nothing decisive at the President's The plan seemed to find favor with all who spoke. The only question seemed to be as to the ability of the Navy to do their part. I am to go again in the morning, when

See Series I, Vol. V, p. 57.

