
the troops, and it is with the utmost difficulty that the object can be accomplished. The arrival of visitors also distracts the attention of officers from their duties at a moment when their whole efforts are required in attending to their duty. In the event of a battle or a mere skirmish the presence of visitors is a very serious inconvenience. I am not willing to be responsible for their safety.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 21, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Your telegrams received. All passes that have been granted by this Department are made subject to your regulation, so that your order to the master of transportation will prevent the passage of any one who has therefore obtained a pass, and I have directed that none shall in future be given except to persons on military service.

I am informed that the Sanitary Commission are freely giving passes, but without any sanction from the Department. You are authorized to make any regulation, however stringent, that will exclude persons not in the service from your lines.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

McCLELLAN'S, VA., June 21, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Dispatch of to-day has the following:

MONTGOMERY, ALA., June 17.

General Beauregard and staff are here on their way to Richmond. We hear that a large portion of the Army of the Mississippi will soon follow the general.

A sufficient force will be left with the invincible Bragg to check any advance which the vandals under General Halleck may attempt to make toward the interior.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

McCLELLAN'S, June 21, 1862-12 m.

General RIPLEY:

The supply of battery stores is rapidly becoming exhausted, and unless orders for issue to Lieutenant Harris have been given, of which I have no knowledge, I have to request a renewal of the artillery supplies asked for heretofore in April and May.

C. P. KINGSBURY.

McCLELLAN'S, June 22, 1862-4.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am informed that General James has now completed two batteries of bronze rifled guns and one battery of steel rifled guns, all 3.80-inch caliber.

