SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 189. Camp Lincoln, Va., June 23, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General Silas Casey will proceed without delay to the White House and take charge of that important depot, including the protection of the railway and telegraphic communication between that point and the Army of the Potomac. All the troops at the White House and upon the railway will be so disposed of by General Casey as best to insure the safety of our supplies and their prompt and secure transmission to the army. He will furnish the guards required for the protection of the public property at the depots of the staff departments at the White House, but will not exercise any control over the management of these depots or over the officers connected with them. General Casey will assume the general charge of the hospitals at the White House. He will cause the convalescents who are unable to rejoin their regiments to be armed for defense in case of attack. He will exercise the utmost vigilance to discover malingerers and stragglers from the troops at the front who may be in his vicinity or who may endeavor to pass to the North, and will seize all such and send them to their regiments under guard.

IX. Brigadier General John J. Peck, volunteer service, is assigned to the command of the division lately commanded by Brigadier-General Casey.

X. Brigadier General A. P. Howe, volunteer service, having reported for duty at these headquarters, pursuant to instructions from the War Department, will report to Brigadier-General Keyes, commanding Fourth Corps, for assignment to the brigade heretofore commanded by Brigadier General J. J. Peck.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 24, 1862-12.30 a.m.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

The contrabands that came in to-day say that the troops are intending to cross the Chickahominy the first stormy night about 20 rods below Meadow Bridge, under cover of the woods.

Please have that section of the river well examined to-night.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 24, 1862-1 a.m.

Generals SUMNER, HEINTZELMAN, KEYES, SMITH:

There are some indications of the enemy's intending to cross the Chickahominy near Meadow Bridge to-night. You will please have your command under arms at daybreak this morning, and be ready to move if called upon.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

