
Barnard returns. Whether the Navy can, or not, do anything, I think it evident they cannot before you can ship another division of Heintzelman's to Old Point. I spoke to the President, and he thought this would be best, so as not to keep the means of transportation idle. I would therefore send Heintzelman's second division at once or as soon as you can. His first arrived safe last night and was landing. The Secretary says you should have no difficulty with Wool.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 20, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding, Fort Monroe:

Your telegraphic dispatch of the 19th [18th] instant, declaring your purpose to waive all technical questions in favor of General McClellan, has been received, and the Department anticipates no obstacle to his operations from any conflict of authority at Fort Monroe. The general states that he will wish to organize the force, or a part of it, under your command, into a division, to be commanded by General Mansfield, and his expressed desired has been approved by the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Seminary, March 20, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,Assistant Secretary of War, Fort Monroe:

In answer to a dispatch received by me last evening from the Secretary of War I have to inform you that Hamilton's division, which left here Tuesday, will land at Fort Monroe. The arrangements required for its accommodation at that place will be made by the Quartermaster's Department.

It is as yet uncertain what other divisions, if any, will land at Fort Monroe. Should any other troops disembark there, they will be provided for by the staff department of the army.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

NEW YORK CITY, March 20, 1862.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please send me the necessary authority for action by this day's mail. Be in time. The ship leaves to-morrow. Please answer.

C. VANDERBILT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 20, 1862.

C. VANDERBILT,

5 Bowling Green, New York:

Your telegram received. The President and this Department are highly gratified at your promptitude, and that you are so far forward.

