
PORTER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 25, 1862-10.40 p.m.

(Received June 26-3 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The information I received on this side tends to confirm impression that Jackson will soon attack our right and rear. Every possible precaution is being taken. If I had another good division I could laugh at Jackson. The task is difficult, but this army will do its best, and will never disgrace the country. Nothing but overwhelming forces can defeat us. Indications are of attack on our front to-morrow. Have made all possible arrangements.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

JUNE 25, 1862.

General McCLELLAN,

At Porter's Headquarters:

The following received. What shall I say to Generals Sumner and Heintzelman?

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

HEINTZELMAN'S, June 25, 18662-9 p.m.

General MARCY:

General Robinson, after he had been re-enforced by a portion of General Birney's brigade, recovered the little ground he had lost and drove the enemy back. We occupy our line of the forenoon, but the rebels are not quite so far back, and seem to be in considerable force in front of General Robinson. The enemy have four pieces of artillery on the Williamsburg road in position. Have advanced it half way across the clearing, and have a large infantry force to support it. There is a strong prospect of their attacking us in the morning. I think General Sumner should have at least a brigade to the left of the railroad to support his picket line, and should push his picket line forward to connect with mine. It is now near half a mile to the rear.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 25, 1862-11.

Brigadier-General HEINTZELMAN:

General McClellan desires that you hold the position you now have, if it can be done without undue danger. His order for you to fall back was based on the dispatch front you, that you were too hard pressed. Re-enforcements are being sent up, and General McClellan will start at once.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,June 25, 1862.

General PHILIP KEARNY:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the instructions from Headquarters Army of the Potomac (inclosed) be fully carried out, and if the troops have to fall back that they avoid masking the batteries, so as to give them full play.

Yours, respectfully,

I. MOSES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

