
The redoubt on the road from Bottom's Bridge is in a half-finished state. This should be strengthened and the timber cleared between it and the rifle pits at the Chimneys.

The whole country across the Chickahominy and to the right of the railway should be patrolled frequently.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 25, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Headquarters Army of the Potomac. All the means in our power will be employed to guard and strengthen the position.

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General COOKE,

Commanding Cavalry Reserve:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that, notwithstanding the heavy force that has been sent out, he desires you to keep your patrols out and push them as far as it is safe for them to go. With all parties that go out it will be well to send a few axes to fell trees on all the roads except the main road to prevent the passage of cavalry and artillery from Harris Station, but not to prevent your men from making good their own retreat in case of necessity. He desires that you will cause all bridges to be destroyed except the one across the Totopotomoy, leading to Hawes' Shop, and others that may be necessary in case of retreat, and to close up all roads and destroy those bridges in case they have to retire. Have the road leading to Pole Green Church closed up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALENA, June 25, 1862.

Major General GEORGE M. McCLELLAN:

Dispatch received; night. Gunboats and false attack on City Point and on battery above barriers part of plan. Otherwise row-boats would be destroyed. Nothing else can get there. Four thousand troops in vicinity of Petersburg, and pickets everywhere. Execution must be prompt or a division would come from Richmond. Positive official in formation showing bridge 250 feet long; private, from 50 to 80 (about 50) high. The banks above command our decks. Men screened by trees fire and disappear before we can reply. An intolerable annoyance. Horse artillery put nine shot through the Jacob Bell and got off before assistance could arrive. We can fight when needed, but we cannot be in the narrow part of the river idle.

