
lose no time in aiding you. My last telegram apprised you of what is being done here.

With every wish for your success and good fortune (and I have never had any other feeling), I remain, yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Your three dispatches of yesterday in relation to the affair, ending with the stationed that you completely succeeded in making your point, are very gratifying.

The later one of 6.15 p.m., suggesting the probability of your being overwhelming by 200,000, and talking of where the responsibility will belong, pains me very much. I give you all I can, and act on the presumption that you will do the best you can with what you have, while you continue, ungenerously I think, to assume that I could give you more if I would. I have omitted and shall omit no opportunity to send you re-enforcements whenever I possibly can.

A. LINCOLN.

P. S.-General Pope thinks if you fall back it would be much better toward York River than toward the James. As Pope now has charge of the capital, please confer with him through the telegraph.

PORTER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 26, 1862-7.40 p.m.

(Received 10.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A very heavy engagement in progress just in front of me. McCall and two brigades of Morell's are fighting gallantly against superior numbers, so far with marked success. There is no longer any doubt as to the strength of attack on this the left bank of the Chickahominy. My men are behaving superbly, but you must not expect them to contest too long against great odds. The engagement is very serious, and is just below Mechanicsville. You may rely upon this army doing all that men can don.

I still keep communication with White House, but it may be cut any moment, and I cannot prevent it.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 26, 1862-7.50 p.m.

Generals SUMNER, HEITZELMAN, KEYES, HOOKER, SMITH:

General McClellan just this moment informs me that McCall and two brigades of Morell are hotly engaged near Mechanicsville, so far with marked success. Secesh in large force, but badly beaten. Inform the troops on your side of the river. Please communicate this to your troops.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

