
Commission: State of Maine, Daniel Webster, Kennebee, John Brooks, Louisiana, and Vanderbilt. They will carry about 700 men.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

NORFOLK, VA., June 27, 1862-11 a.m.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I beg the Department to be assured that I will not permit the ignorance or impertinence of any Army officer to interfere for a moment with my duty to the Government. I am well aware of the crisis at Richmond and of the absolute necessity of prompt co-operation on my part with General McClellan.

Immediately on the receipt of General Van Vliet's telegram, notwithstanding its exceptionable tone and address, I took measures to carry out everything it required, and at the earliest possible moment gave orders accordingly. I had supposed, in addressing General Van Vliet upon the subject of his telegram, that General McClellan knew nothing of its wording, but as it now appears to have met his approval, I beg to express the hope that the War Department will enjoin upon him the propriety of inculcating better official manners of addressing me, as his equal in rank, and, last of all, not permitting an officer under his command to address me as a subordinate and refuse to confer upon me the denomination given me by law. General McClellan, as I understand from one of his telegrams to me, wishes the Navy Department to give me such orders as will secure a prompt compliance with any reasonable request he may make; he of course to be the exclusive judge of reasonableness. This, in effect, is asking to put the vessels of this squadron subject to his disposition.

There is, I regret to say, an evident disposition on the part of various Army officers to override and disparage the Navy, and it is high time a stop should be put to a feeling at once so ridiculous and puerile. I scarcely need add that all the wishes of the Department about convoy, &amp;c., have been fully anticipated, and that I will most cordially and cheerfully co-operate with the Army on all occasions to crush the enemy. I only demand to be treated with the respect due to my rank, position, and responsibilities.

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer.

JUNE 27, 1862-4.20 a.m.

General WILLIAMS:

I am instructed by General Keyes to report that I have five regiments, numbering about 2,000, between Bottom's Bridge and the railroad bridge; that I have three pieces of artillery on the railroad, commanding the bridge, and five pieces at Bottom's Bridge, behind an embankment and rifle pit, within 100 feet of the creek.

Having destroyed the upper bridge and prepared to remove the planking of the lower, would it not be well to send me another battery? And if not otherwise engaged send Barnard to go over the ground with me.

Very respectfully,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

