
I will beg that you put some one general in command of the Shenandoah and of all troops in front of Washington for the sake of the country. Secure unity of action and bring the best men forward. Good-by, and present my respects to the President.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

McCLELLAN'S, June 227, 1862-3 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have been fighting nearly all day against greatly superior numbers. We shall endeavor to hold our own, and if compelled to fall back, shall do it in good order, upon James River, if possible. Our men fight like veterans, and will do all that men can do. If we have to fall back on James River, supplies should be passed up to us under protection of the gunboats as rapidly as possible.

McClellan has telegraphed you several times to-day. You may rely upon it the rebels are concentrating their greatest efforts at this juncture.

MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP LINCOLN, June 27, 1862-4.30 p.m.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch of 4.10 received. Send word to all your troops that their general thanks them for their heroism, and says to them that he is now sure that nothing can resist them. Their conduct and your own has been magnificent, and another name is added to their banners. Give my regulars a good chance. I look upon to-day as decisive of the war. Try to drive the rascals and take some prisoners and guns. What more assistance do you require?

Ever yours,

McCLELLAN.

CAMP LINCOLN, June 27, 1862-5.5 p.m.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

I am ordering up more troops. Do your best to hold your own and let me know constantly the state of affairs and what you require. Do you need more batteries? You must hold your own until dark.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

JUNE 27, 1862-5.56 p.m.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER:

Have just returned from the front, where we have nothing but a stampede since I saw you there, owing to the behavior of the troops occupying the picket line. The first shot from a rebel was sufficient to start regiments.

In order to preserve quiet to-night, if practicable, I ordered the Fifty-

