
draught gunboats going up the Chickahominy and covering the left flank of your army. Without a moment's delay instructions shall be communicated to Commander Rodgers to comply immediately with all you desire.

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 28, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Save your army at all events. Will send re-enforcements as fast as we can. Of course they cannot reach you to-day, to-morrow, or next day. I have not said you were ungenerous for saying you needed re-enforcements. I thought you were ungenerous in assuming that I did not send them as fast as I could. I feel any misfortune to you and your army quite as keenly as you feel it yourself. If you have had a drawn battle or a repulse it is the price we pay for the enemy not being in Washington. We protected Washington and the enemy concentrated on you. Had we stripped Washington, he would have been upon us before the troops could have gotten to you. Less than a week ago you notified us that re-enforcements were leaving Richmond to come in front of us. It is the nature of the case, and neither you nor the Government are to blame. Please tell at once the present condition and aspect of things.

A. LINCOLN.

P. S.-General Pope thinks if you fall back it would be much better toward York River than toward the James. As Pope now has charge of the capital, please confer with him through the telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., June 28, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department Virginia:

GENERAL: Our fast steamers are all employed, and I send to the Chickahominy the armed steam-tug C. P. Smith, which has completed the opening of the navigation of the Nansemond River. Captain Heine, who has performed this duty very creditably, will bear this dispatch to you if it is possible by any effort to reach you. Please send him back with instructions as to the manner in which I shall communicate with you.

Commodore Goldsborough has been with me two hours, and no effort will be spared to support you at all points. I will open a regular communication with you by steam the moment I hear from you. I have a dispatch from the President expressing an earnest desire that I should reach you with a message, that I may know your wants.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

