
New organization, imperfectly formed, in Pennsylvania, &amp;c., from which we have no returns, are excluded.

S. VILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Seminary, March 20, 1862.

Major J. P. garesche,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The statement of force in the Army of the Potomac, sent forward this morning, included the garrisons of Washington and alexandria and the troops which have been designated to remain under the command of General Wadsworth.

Under the heading of artillery is included the garrisons of the field works about Washington. I mention this to guard against misapprehension. If you wish simply for a statement of the force that is available for the campaign about to be undertaken by General McClellan in can be furnished without much delay.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 21, 1862.

General JOHN SEDGWICK,

Commanding, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

The general commanding directs that you hold yourself in readiness to move by railroad to this place.

Cars will be obtained from Mr. Garrett, president baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at Baltimore, to whom you will please make known the amount of transportation required.

The general also wishes the bridge train now at Harper's Ferry sent here. The engineer corporal will receive instructions from Captain Duane.

I will telegraph to Garrett to send up the necessary transportation for the bridge train, and also to receive instructions from you for the transportation you require for your command. Please furnish such assistance as may be necessary to take up the bridge train and load it upon the cars.

Please acknowledge receipt of this.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, March 21, 1862.

(Received March 22, 1862-10.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received your telegram of yesterday, 20th instant.

I do not comprehend so much of your dispatch as relates to General McClellan organizing " the force, or a part of [it], under your command, into a division, to be commanded by General Mansfield; and his expressed desire has been approved by the Department." It will afford

