
furnished with papers stating their character. It is enjoined upon commanders to lose no time in loading their wagons as required.

The commanding general relies upon the cheerfulness and patience with which the sacrifice demanded of officers and men for the short season only, it is hoped, will be borne.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, June 29, 1862-2.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have a dispatch from General Stoneman. He is at Williamsburg. He has 900 men of the reserve; a battery of horse artillery, six guns; and one of foot artillery, four guns. His infantry force was turned over to General Casey and embarked on steamboats for Yorktown. I will telegraph you as soon as advised of their arrival. Colonel Ingalls, quartermaster, is at Yorktown, with four hundred transports, bound to James River. Everything was brought off from White House in perfect order. The gunboats were left at and near the White House, which is burned-by whom now known.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, June 29, 1862-2.45 p.m.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

The White House depot was abandoned by me last night at sunset, in compliance with instructions previously given by General McClellan and directly in consequence of the movements of the enemy the two preceding days. At 12 yesterday he was in possession of our railroad. At Dispatch, 12 miles from White House, it was known he was marching down this side of the Chickahominy in great force-at least 30,000 strong-and that a column of 6,000 was moving rapidly on this depot. At 5 (afternoon) General Stoneman fell back from Tunstall's to White House, pressed by the enemy. About 7 (afternoon) General Casey, who had recently relieved me in command of the troops, had embarked his infantry on boats and dropped down the river. Stoneman, with the cavalry and artillery, retired toward Williamsburg, in which direction I had already sent all the wagons, animals, &amp;c., not provided for on transports. It was presumed that our army was across the Chickahominy. F. J. Porter's corps crossed night before last, thus leaving the enemy's large force quite isolated on this side. In any event the depot was useless the moment our railroad was seized; therefore I perfected arrangements to abandon it at once, and succeeded in so doing without loss, confusion, or accident, moving out from the narrow and tortuous Pamunkey some four hundred vessels laden with supplies, quite all of which I now have with me, en route to James River by Fort Monroe, if our arms are successful to-day and to-morrow at Richmond. The gunboats were still at White House and other important points on the river. Everything not required to be taken away was burned before I left. The White House itself was burned, probably by some unknown

18 R R-VOL XI, PT III

