
found his opinion. All confirmed about saving all property. Not a single unwounded straggler came back to the White House from the field, and the number of wounded reaching there up to 11 a.m. Saturday was not large.

A. LINCOLN.

To what the President has above stated I will only add one or two points that may be satisfactory for you to know:

1st. All the sick and wounded were safely removed from the White House; not a man left behind.

2nd. A dispatch from Burnside shows that he is in condition to afford efficient support and is probably doing so.

3rd. The dispatch of Colonel Ingalls impresses me with the conviction that the movement was made by General McClellan to concentrate on Richmond, and was successful to the latest point of which we have any information.

4th. Mr. Fulton says that on Friday night between 12 and 1 o'clock General McClellan telegraphed Commodore Goldsborough that the result of the movement was satisfactory to him.

5th. From these and the facts stated by the President my inference is that General McClellan will probably be in Richmond within two days.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 29, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

If you will be so good as to report any information you may receive I will not trouble you unless you have something to communicate. Thanking you for your attention,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, June 29, 1862-7.45 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Colonel Ingalls is here, with most of the transports. He will go up the James River to-night and try to communicate with General McClellan. We expect to hear from him before morning.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE,, June 29, 1862- 8 p.m.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

I have seen General Dix, and arranged for boats to go up James River to-morrow with supplies and for wounded. General Casey is here on board of transports. Stoneman is at Williamsburg, en route to Yorktown. My trains arrived in safety. I leave immediately to-night for City Point, to ascertain the position and condition of the army.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

