
FORT MONROE, June 29, 1862-8.30 p.m.

D. C. McCALLUM:

The rebels have possession of our railroad. White House is abandoned. Wentz and myself, with all our men, are here, waiting your orders. One locomotive, with forty cars, are at headquarters. The other locomotives are under the guns of the gunboats, with connecting-rods taken off and preserved. All the men are safe. We ran the railroad up to the last moment. The two locomotives last sent are still afloat and safe.

C. S. McALPIN,

Superintendent.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1862.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD, New York:

We are yet without communication with General McClellan, and this absence of news is our point to which we are posted he effected everything in such exact accordance with his plan, contingently announced to us before to us before the battle began, that we feel justified to hope that he has not failed since. He had a severe engagement in getting the part of his army on this side of the Chickahominy over to the other side, in which the enemy lost certainly as much as we did. We are not dissatisfied with this, only that the loss of enemies not compensate for the loss of friends. The enemy cannot come below White House; certainly is not there now, and probably has abandoned the whole line. Dix's pickets are at New Kent Court-House.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1862.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Astor House, New York:

General McClellan's line is established at Turkey Island, on the James River. Our gunboats are there. Nothing disastrous has happened to him since communication was broken off. The whole movement appears to be successful so far as we can judge, but it seems as if he meant to begin intrenching.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 30, 1862-7 p.m.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Astor House, New York:

We have received nothing of consequence since my last message stating that General McClelland's communication with the gunboats was established. His depot on the James River is at Turkey Island Point. Stoneman's and Casey's forces are on the way to join him from Fort Monroe. Without losing a man, they were the last to leave White House. The enemy have not advanced beyond White House. Halleck promises to send the forces asked from him, and I have sent Tucker to Corinth to arrange the transportation. We have news from Vicks-

