
burg. Farragut and Ellet's ram fleet are there, acting together. The Mississippi is clear from Memphis to Vicksburg, and we shall soon have that. Goldsborough gives a report that Stonewall Jackson was killed Friday. Pope is hard at work organizing his force. Sigel takes Fremont's corps instead of King, who preferred to keep command of his own division. You shall have all the reliable news as fast as it comes. Dix is at work to establish a new telegraph line between him and McClellan. Everything is moving briskly and favorably. If the Governors will give us promptly 100,000 men the war will be over. Mark the hour your telegrams are sent.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 30, 1862.

Major-General WOOL:

McClellan has moved his whole force across the Chickahominy and rests on James River, being supported by our gunboats. The position is favorable, and looks more like taking Richmond than any time before. I will send you some service money.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, June 30, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I send you copy of a letter just received from Commander Rodgers:

U. S. GUNBOAT GALENA,

Off Turkey Island, June 29, 1862.

Commodore GOLDSBOROUGH:

SIR: In obedience to your letter containing telegram from General McClellan, I immediately proceeded with this vessel, the Aroostook, and the Mahaska, up James River to Sturgeontown, above New Market, indicated in the telegram. I got under way at daylight and ran down to this place. I here met the Port Royal, with an officer from General Keyes, sent to open communication with me. He designated this as the point. I ventured up the river to bring the gunboats here. On coming down, I regret the Mahaska had a man killed by musket firing from the banks. I have since met Colonel Alexander, of the Engineers, sent by General McClellan to communicate with me, and to select base for operations. I shall take the colonel around on this vessel to make the selection.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN RODGERS,

Commander.

P. S.-I am in a very great hurry, and apologize for a postscript. Colonel Alexander has no means of communication, and begs that you will make known to General Dix the pressing necessity here for steamers for the accommodation of the sick and wounded at the very earliest moment. Let them stop below Harrison's Bar and await General McClellan.

Very respectfully,

JOHN RODGERS,

Commander.

GOLDSBOROUGH.

---------------

*Some matter not connected with Peninsular Campaign omitted.

---------------

