
and will no doubt at once open a new line of telegraphic communication from his camp to the river, and thence to meet the old line at Williamsburg or Sole Point, higher up. We have no material here. I will make a reconnaissance in the vicinity of the White House, to ascertain whether the enemy are there.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CORPS,Fort Monroe, Va., June 30, 1862.

Brigadier General SILAS CASEY,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: You will proceed with your command to Harrison's Bar, on the James River, about 6 miles this side of City Point, and there await the orders of Major-General McClellan, to whom you will report immediately by letter. You will at Harrison's Bar a squadron of gunboats for your protection.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, June 30, 1862.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe:

So long as communication continues interrupted between General McClellan and the forces at Yorktown and Williamsburg you are authorized to assume command of them and all on that side of the Chickahominy, and give such orders as you deem proper, not conflicting with the wishes of General McClellan.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C. June 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

Would be very glad of 25,000 infantry; no artillery or cavalry; but please do not send a man if it endangers any place you deem important to hold, or if it places you to give up or weaken or delay the expectations against Chattanooga. To take and hold the railroad at or east of Cleveland, in East Tennessee, I think fully as important as the taking and holding of Richmond.

A. LINCOLN.

CORINTH, June 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of the 28th is just received, but it is so imperfect that parts of it cannon be deciphered till repeated. The object, however, is understood, and measures will be immediately taken to carry it out. The condition of the river and railroads in Tennessee and the want of

