
me great pleasure to aid and assist General McClellan in organizing any force which you or the President may think proper to place under his command and any force you may deem proper to place under the command of Brigadier-General Mansfield to constitute a part of General McClellans' forces. Please to answer if this is the proper construction of your dispatch. I repeat, nothing will be wanting on my part to organize in the most efficient manner the forces designed for the command of General McClellan.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 21, 1862-2 p. m.

Major-General McClellan:

Barnard not yet returned. I will not wait any longer. When he comes they will send for me. I leave at once for headquarters.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

STEAMER DANIEL WEBSTER,

Alexandria, March 21, 1862.

Captain DAHGREN, U. S. Navy:

General McClellan desires me to inform you that the expedition consisting of about thirty vessels, will sail to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy furnished Secretary of War.)

FORT MONROE, VA., March 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Hamilton'S division disembarked 4 to 7 p. m yesterday. Steamers returned to Alexandria last night; balance are unloading to-day. Weather stormy, which causes delay. Vessels should be started from Alexandria as fast as they are loaded. If delayed there until a division or corps is loaded, much delay will occur here in the debarkation.

It is believe here that the Merrimac will not be in condition for service for eight or ten days, but this is uncertain. In the mean time much can be done in this region if the army is pushed forward.

General McClellan will have the hearty aid of General Wool in cooperating his plans. I hope all will be well.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 22, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

We have been waiting for Barnard to conclude arrangements with Navy. He was expected yesterday morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

