
rolling stock will render the movement very slow. Cavalry cannot be sent, and it will be exceedingly difficult to transport artillery with horse and guns. If artillerymen are sent, can they be supplied with horses and guns there, or shall I send infantry only?

I think, under the circumstances, the Chattanooga expedition better be abandoned or at least be diminished. If not, I doubt our ability to hold West Tennessee after detaching so large a force as that called for. I will telegraph more in detail as soon as your telegram is repeated, as I cannot understand parts of it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, June 30, 1862-3 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

Your telegram of this date just received. The Chattanooga expedition must not on any account be given up. The President regards that and the movement against East Tennessee as one of the most important movements of the war, and its occupation nearly as important as the capture of Richmond. He is not pleased with the tardiness of the movement toward Chattanooga, and directs that no force be sent here if you cannot do it without breaking up the operation against that point and East Tennessee. Infantry only are needed; our cavalry and artillery are strong enough.

The first reports from Richmond were more discouraging than the truth warranted. If the advantage is not on our side it is balanced. General McClellan has moved his whole force onto the line of the James River and is supported by our gunboats. But he must be largely strengthened before advancing, and hence the call on you, which I am glad you have answered so promptly. Let me know to what point on the river you will send your forces, so as to provide immediately for transportation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

TURKEY BRIDGE, June 30, 1862-7 p.m.

(Received July 1, 11.30 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Another day of desperate fighting. We are hard pressed by superior numbers. I fear I shall be forced to abandon my material to save my men under cover of the gunboats. You must send us very large re-enforcements by way of Fort Monroe, and they must come very promptly. My army has behaved superbly, and have done all that men could do. If none of us escape, we shall at least have done honor to the country.

I shall do my best to save the army. Send more gunboats.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, JAMES RIVER, June 30, 1862, 8 p.m.

(Received Washington, July 1, 12 m.)

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

The general is 6 miles above here, on the river. His army will probably fall back to Harrison's Bar, near here, to-morrow. It is nearly ex-

