
White House is impracticable, as the brigade over the Chickahominy are all destroyed. I have just received the following dispatch from General Marcy in pencil, dated June 30, 9 o'clock last evening:

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe:

The general commanding desires you to send all the re-enforcements to this place to be landed at such places as the commander of the gunboats may deem appropriate when they arrive. We have had hard work to get here, and want the re-enforcements as soon as practicable. Please see that the men you send have three days' rations in their haversacks.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

General Ferry has arrived here with 5,000 men from Alexandria. I shall push them on without delay. There was hard fighting yesterday on the James River. I have no details. The enemy was held in check. Nearly the whole power of the insurgent States is concentrated at Richmond.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Keyes:
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Haxall's House, Bank of James River, June 30.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding at Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that with my corps, constituting the advance of the flank movement of the army before Richmond I safely arrived at this point at sunrise, with all my troops, wagons, cannon, and public property, except Naglee's brigade and a few outguards, which report as soon as relieved. Fitz John Porter's corps, which was ordered to support my advance, is now arriving, that officer himself being here, together with a portion of his trains. The movement may now be considered to have been nearly completed, and successfully. The enemy attacked my lines yesterday with cavalry, but they were promptly repelled, with heavy loss to the rebels. They were pretty well cut up. They also attacked the rear guard, but not with sufficient vigor to do much damage. Please communicate the above to the reporters, to relieve the minds of the anxious public.

E. D. KEYES.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps, Army Potomac.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1862.

Brigadier General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

The Army of the Potomac moves to-night to Harrison's Bar. You command will form the rear guard, Franklin's corps just preceding yours. The gunboats are instructed to cover your flank and rear. Bring along all the wagons you can, but they are to be sacrificed, of

