
course, rather than imperil your safety. Celerity of movement is the sole security of this operation. At Harrison's Bar additional gunboats, a comfortable position, and considerable re-enforcements under General Shields. Stimulate your men to fortitude and renewed courage by a knowledge of the fact. Couch's division has already been ordered to move under the direction of General Porter.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Near Haxall's Landing, Va., July 1, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: This morning I learned with great surprise that an order had been sent to General Keyes last evening for General Wessells' brigade to proceed in support of our forces in action. This information came from Captain C. C. Suydam, assistant adjutant-general, who stated he received it from you.

No order of this nature ever reached me or any member of my staff. My remaining brigade was under arms, ready for any service, at the head of Turkey Creek, until about 3.30 p.m., when General Keyes ordered me to prepare to move, and to send an officer of my staff to him for orders. Aide-de-Camp Titus reported, and returned with Lieutenant Smith, of Keyes' staff, who guided my command to a new position in line of battle on the extreme right, where I found General Keyes, and with whom I remained during the day and night.

This day Major Hammerstein, aide-de-camp of General McClellan, called upon me and gave me the following note, viz:

JULY 1, 1862.

An order for General Peck to move on the evening of June 30 one brigade up for action was in my possession, but was delivered because his position was not known to me. I could not look longer for him, because I had to move other troops, and knew that his other brigade was already in position.

HAMMERSTEIN,

Major, Aide-de-Camp.

General Keys, commanding Fourth Corps, added to the above:

On the evening of the 30th of June I received a verbal order from General McClellan to send two of Couch's brigade to the front, to be guided by Major Webb, who brought the order. I received no order to send forward or to move specifically any part of General Peck's command in any other manner than to form my line of battle on the 30th of June.

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

I feel very sanguine that you have labored under some misapprehension, and I desire that this shall be presented to Baron Hammerstein, aide-de-camp, and General Keyes, and with their indorsements be submitted to the commanding general of the Army of the Potomac, to the end that no injustice shall be done me in these premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

