
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 22, 1862.

General Wool, Fort Monroe:

Your dispatch of the 21st is received.

The expedition under General McClellan is considered of paramount importance for the time being, and the telegram to you of the 20th was designed to advise you of that fact and to desire you to waive the exercise of your authority in his favor; or, if need be, to exercise your authority upon his suggestions in furtherance of his expedition. This I understand you consent to do, and my telegram was to advise you of a specific arrangement which General McClellan proposes to make.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding at Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: The steamship Vanderbilt sailed from New york last night for Fort Monroe. She has been given to the War Department and accepted by the President, and is designed to serve and be employed under the instructions of this department for the convoy and protection of government transports at Fort Monroe and especially for the destruction of the Merrimac. She is armed, manned, and equipped for the service. You will notify me immediately of her arrival at Fort Monroe, so that I may give any further orders that may be required, and you will receive and provide for her as a vessel belonging to this Department and engaged in its special service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SEMINARY, March 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Porter, with his entire division with the exception of one regiment, which is now ready to move, left Alexandria between 10 and 11 o'clock this morning.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUDD'S FERRY, MD., March 22, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

Have seen General Heintzelman. One regiment, with the cavalry, is sufficient to occupy this post. The rebels have one gun at Aquia Creek and a small party to work it. Patrols and pickets constantly make their appearance, but it is not known from what point they come. The rebels have about 3,000 men on the north side of the Rappahannock, and encamped a little to the west of the road leading from Dumfries to Fredericksburg. If they have larger force I do not know it.

General Sickles reports to me that the depot of aquia is not destroyed. Captain woman informed me several days since that it was. Contra

