
FORT MONROE, July 3, 1862-3 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Hawkins. I do not quite understand why General Burnside should not have sent it in his own name, if it comes from or is authorized by him. The officer who brought it says Colonel Hawkins sent it, with the assurance that General Burnside would approve it:
HEADQUARTERS ROANOKE ISLAND,July 2, 1862-6 p.m.

General DIX:

I wish you would telegraph immediately to President Lincoln if he has any orders other than the last sent some three days ago for General Burnside. We are almost ready to move in obedience to that order. If Richmond be taken the President may wish to change his instructions. Please give me General McClellan's position when last heard from. Please return the dispatch boat immediately, as the news which it brings will, I think,govern the operations in this department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade and Post.

P. S.-We shall be ready to move in twenty-four hours.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, July 3, 1862.

Colonel HAWKINS,

Commanding at Roanoke Island:

Your telegram of July 2 to General Dix has just been received. Richmond is not taken. General McClellan has been compelled to fall back to Harrison's Bar, on the James River. It is the opinion of the President, and he so directs, that General Burnside in person, with all the infantry force he can spare, move by way of Hampton Roads and the James River to General McClellan's headquarters to re-enforce him immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 3, 1862-8.10 p.m.

The PRESIDENT:

Soon after sending you Colonel Hawkins' dispatch I received from General McClellan an order to General Burnside to bring on all the troops he could spare. I sent it off immediately, with a letter from myself describing to General Burnside the position of General McClellan's army. The steamer having gone, I cannot send your dispatch to Colonel Hawkins until morning. I will do so then, if you desire it.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, July 3, 1862.

Major-General HUNTER:

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: The condition of the army under General McClellan requires that the whole available infantry forces of the Government

