
should be immediately sent to his command on the James River. The President therefore directs that you immediately forward all the infantry force that can be spared to Fort Monroe, thence to proceed according to orders to be received on their arrival at that place. It is believed that you can forward 10,000 infantry, and if more can be sent with safety to your command, it is hoped you will do so with your accustomed energy and promptness. No artillery or cavalry are wanted.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Captain W. W. McKim, assistant quartermaster, Boston, Mass., will forward above as soon as possible.

By order of Secretary of War:

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 3, 1862.

Major General GOERGE B. McCLELLAN:

Yours of 5.30 yesterday is just received. I am satisfied that yourself officers, and men have done the best you could. All accounts say better fighting was never done. Ten thousand thanks for it.

On the 28th we sent General Burnside an order to send all the force he could spare to you. We then learned that you had requested him to go to Goldsborough; upon which we said to him our order was intended for your benefit and we did not wish to be in conflict with your views.

We hope you will have help from him soon. To-day have ordered General Hunter to send you all he can spare. At last advices General Halleck thinks he cannot send re-enforcements without endangering all he has gained.

A. LINCOLN,

President.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Harrison's Bar, July 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In order to insure a perfect understanding of the exact condition of this army, I have directed my chief of staff, General R. B. Marcy, to repair to Washington and give you full explanations of the events of the last fe weeks.

A simple summary is, that this army has fought every day for a week against superior numbers, holding its own at least, often repulsing the enemy by day, then retiring at night. Our light and heavy guns are saved, with the exception of one. All the wagons are now within the line of pickets, and I hope will all be saved. The army is thoroughly worn-out, and requires rest and very heavy re-enforcements.

Our losses have been very great, for the fighting has been desperate, and officers and men have behaved heroically.

I am in hopes that the enemy is as completely worn-out as we are. He was certainly very severely punished in the last battle. The roads are

