
brigade and battery on one side, and a brigade on the other side of the heavy timber in supporting distance. Some shells were thrown into the train yesterday and also to-day, but failed to stampede.

After passing the whole day here I am proud to say that everything of your fine army is over the creek save my guard, and that the loss of property is very trifling.

I shall soon pass my guard to the crest of the opposite side, where I have arranged a battery so as to sweep the approaches.

I am, in haste, very truly,

JOHN J. PECK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. REAR GUARD ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near the Harrison House, Va., July 3, 1862-6 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: It affords me great pleasure to inform you that the entire Army of the Potomac, with its immense trains (save my guard) has safely passed the creek or run which has caused us so much trouble and delay. This has been accomplished without any sacrifice of property, and in the face of the greatest difficulties and discouragements. All the attempts of the enemy to stampede the trains by shells from different points proved utterly abortive.

So soon as the wagons clear from the woods I shall proceed to bring over my command by detachments, covering the movement by a section of artillery from a commanding position.

My new line of battle will be formed on the right and left of the main road until otherwise ordered. I shall have the territory across the creek thoroughly picketed.

In haste, very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division and Rear Guard.

WASHINGTON CITY, July 4, 1862.

JOHN TUCKER, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War, Corinth:

Dispatches from General Halleck since you left here render it doubtful whether General Halleck can spare any forces consistently with contemplated operations and the necessity of his own command. If, on consultation with him, this should prove to be the case, you will ascertain from his whatever wants can be supplied by this Department and report to me for further orders.

Advices from General McClellan as late as 9 this morning state that his forces are at Harrison's Landing, on the James River, and had thus far repulsed the attacks made by the enemy. His loss has been very heavy, and his necessity for re-enforcement is pressing. The President, by telegram this morning, communicated with General Halleck his views, and it is needless for me to add more.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

