
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

You do not know how much you would oblige us if, without abandoning any of your positions or plans, you could promptly send us even 10,000 infantry. Can you not? Some part of the Corinth army is certainly fighting McClellan in front of Richmond. Prisoners are in our hands from the late Corinth army.

A. LINCOLN.

HARRISON'S BAR, JAMES RIVER,

July 4, 1862-1 p.m. (Received July 5, 12.50 a.m.)

The PRESIDENT:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of yesterday afternoon. I thank you for your expression of satisfaction with the conduct of this army and myself.

On yesterday I ordered General Burnside to send me such re-enforcements as he could afford. I thank you for the order to General Hunter to send me all the troops he can spare. I regret that General Halleck considers all his force necessary to maintain his position. I do not wish to endanger in any way the secure occupation of what has been gained in the Southwest. I will do the best I can with such force as I have and such aid as you can give me. I think that the Army of Virginia should keep out cavalry reconnaissances in the direction of Richmond, lest the enemy should prefer an advance to Washington to attacking this army. If the capital be threatened, I will move this army, at whatever hazard, in such direction as will best divert the enemy.

Our whole army is now drawn up for review in its positions, bands playing, salutes being fired, and all things looking bright.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 4, 1862.

General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have seen the President and Secretary of War. Ten thousand men from Hunter, 10,000 from Burnside, and 11,000 from here have been ordered to re-enforce you as soon as possible. Halleck has been urged by the President to send you at once 10,000 men from Corinth. The President and Secretary speak very kindly of you and find no fault.

I will remain here until I hear from you.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

NORFOLK, July 4, 1862-12.30 p.m.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

No news of any kind from up James River up to this hour. I argue favorably from this, as Com. Rodgers is directed to keep me informed of

