
charge of Captain Whiting, with discretionary power to act as he did best think.

The regiment entered to the left of the batteries so close as to frighten the horses and make them unmanageable. They turned, running through the batteries, carrying men and batteries with them. I was also informed that as soon as this disaster was created he directed his command at once to return and cross the river, which he did without an effort to check the tide of frightened men, and setting a bad example to the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR, July 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

General Casey has reported here to me from the White House. I have no command which can be given him with a beneficial result to the public service. I have great respect for the military information and character of General Casey, but his health and years do not fit him for the active command of troops of troops serving under the circumstances under which this army has now to make its way. I have therefore been compelled, reluctantly, to order him to repair to Washington.

S. WILLIAMS,*

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. July 5, 162.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I have nominated for promotion General Sumner as brevet major-general of the regular service and major-general of volunteers; Generals Heintzelman, Keyes, and Porter as brevet brigadiers in the regular service and major-generals of volunteers. The gallantry of every officer and man in your noble army shall be suitably acknowledged.

General Marcy is here. He will take you cheering news. Be assured that you shall have the support of this Department and the Government as cordially and faithfully as was ever rendered by man to man, and if we should ever live to see each other face to face you will be satisfied that you have never had from me anything but the most confiding integrity.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Berkeley, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I now have this army placed in a satisfactory position for defensive purpose; one, too, which

---------------

*So signed in the original.

---------------

