HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 5, 1862-Midnight.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN.

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding has information from a prisoner that Lee, Johnston, Longstreet, &amp;c., are within 4 miles of us. If this is true we may probably expect an attack to-morrow. The prisoner is now being re-examined by Colonel Key. If Alexander's redoubt is at all defensible by morning the general thinks it would be well to have the guns in battery at that time all ready for action. Have your troops under arms a little before daylight, batteries harnessed, and cavalry saddled. If within an hour after daylight your pickets report no new movement of the enemy, set your working parties to work as vigorously as possible; continue the work on the redoubt as rapidly as possible until the last moment, and, if possible abatis it.

The general suggests the construction of rifle pits for your infantry and epaulements for your light batteries. Look well to your left, and be ready to support it in the event of an action. Headquarters will in the first place be near the barn near Sykes' headquarters. Hold your own as long as possible, without calling your own reserves into action or sending for the general's reserves, as it is the desire of the general commanding to follow up with the reserves the repulse of the enemy, which he believes will be the certain consequence of an attack upon us in our present position.

Do you need more light batteries; if so, how many, and of what caliber?

Your position must be held at any cost, and you will be supported to any necessary extent.

Reserve ammunition will be loaded in wagons, ready to send forward as soon as your ordnance officers call for it at the ammunition landing. You had better push it up as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The general commanding expects you to keep him constantly advised of the progress of affairs in your front, and in case of an engagement he wishes to hear from you at least once every half hour; always in writing, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss:

MY DEAR SIR: This introduces Governor William Sprague, of Rhode Island. He is now Governor for the third time and Senator elect of the United States. I know the object of his visit to you. He has my cheerful consent to go, but not my direction. He wishes to get you and part of your force, one or both, to come here. You already know I should be exceedingly glad of this, if in your judgment it could be,

