
without endangering positions and operations in the Southwest; and I now repeat what I have more than once said by telegraph:

Do not come or send a man if in your judgment it will endanger any point you deem important to hold or delay the Chattanooga expedition.

Still please give my friend Governor Sprague a full and fair hearing.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 6, 1862-12.30 a.m.

Brigadier General S. P. HEINTZELMAN

Commanding Third Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has information, which is supposed to be reliable, that the Confederate Army with Lee, Jackson, Johnston, Longstreet, &amp;c., are very near us, and that we may look for an attack at any moment.

Please have your troops ready for action at daybreak under arms and your batteries in position.

Endeavor to hold your own against the first attack with the fewest possible number of troops consistent with safety so as to bring fresh troops repeatedly into action as the attack of the enemy continues. General Sumner's corps is in reserve behind you. Slocum's division can support Kearny, provided there is no attack within an hour after daybreak.

Prosecute as speedily as possible with your working parties the work which has been assigned you.

The general commanding expects you to keep him constantly advised of the progress of affairs in your front, and in case of an engagement he wishes to hear from you at least once every half hour, if possible.

Reserve ammunition will be loaded in wagons, ready to send forward as soon as your ordnance officers call for it, at the ammunition landing. You had better push it up as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[S. WILLIAMS]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1862-1 a.m.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER,Commanding Fifth Provisional Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that he has information from a prisoner, which is supposed to be reliable, that the information from a prisoner, which is supposed to be reliable, that the Confederate forces under Generals Jackson, Longstreet, Johnston, &c., are near us, and that an attack may be expected at any moment.

Hunt should have his batteries harnessed at daybreak. In case of an attack, your troops should be under arms at once. It will not be necessary for you to get your infantry arms unless you hear heavy firing.

In the event of an attack, the General Headquarters, will be near the barn near your headquarters, where you will report for orders.

