
FORT MONROE, July 6, 1862-9 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Generals Porter and Naglee arrived here at 6 this morning from General McClellan on the way to Washington. The army occupies a strong position, and I think you may dismiss all apprehension in regard to its safety. The forbearance of the enemy for five days is the best evidence that they have suffered severely and are in no condition to attack.

JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, July 6, 1862-10 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The enemy have retired from New Kent Court-House to White House.

Our scouts approached within 1 1/2 miles of the latter point, captured one of Stuart's cavalry, and were fired on. Stuart's cavalry is there in considerable force.

JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. FIFTH PROV. ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 4. James River, Va. July 6, 1862

The commanding general congratulates the officers and men of the Fifth Corps of the Army of the Potomac on the perils through which they have so honorably passed, and the success they have added by their valor to the glory of our arms in the following actions, namely:

Battle of Yorktown, April 5.

Siege of Yorktown, April 5 to May 4.

Battle of New Bridge, May 24.

Battle of Hanover Court-House, May 27.

Battle of Mechanicsville, June 26 and 27.

Battle of Chickahominy, June 27.

Battle of New Market, June 30.

Battle of Turkey Bridge, June 30.

Battle of Malvern, July 1.

The regiments and batteries engaged are entitled to inscribe on their banners these battles

The commanding general has to inform the corps, and to offer his congratulations with the information, that he has received assurances from the Government at Washington that the efforts and successes above mentioned have received its attention and earned both approval and reward; and, further, that this reward will be duly apportioned and bestowed as soon as time will allow the detailed reports of the operations to be completed, specifying the individuals of all ranks particularly worthy of the gratitude of their country.

In making this acknowledgment to his own corps, the commanding general cannot omit to include in all his congratulations those brave fellow-soldiers whose assistance has arrived so timely in each of our hours of need. The brigades of Newton, Taylor, and Bartlett, in Franklin's corps, at the battle of Chickahominy, those of Meagher and Sickles, from Sumner and Heintzelman, as well as the division of General Couch,

