
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.,

Numbers 137. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 7, 1862

The following regulations are published for the information and government of all concerned:

All regimental surgeons will report at once to their regiments, to take care of the regimental sick and wounded, sending no one to the transports who can be treated in regimental hospitals. Regimental surgeons will make all their reports, requisitions, &amp;c., direct to the medical directors of army corps. The latter will examine and countersign all requisitions for medical supplies and hospital stores in their corps, except special requisitions, upon which the medical purveyor will issue; an abundance of supplies are one hand, and no excuse will be taken for deficiencies in these materials.

The grade of brigade surgeons having been abolished, all brigade surgeons are relieved from duty with their brigades; those surgeons who have heretofore acted in this capacity will report immediately to the medical directors of their respective corps, who will organize them into a reserve corps. They will be under the orders of the medical directors of the corps, and will, under their directions, be assigned to the duty of establishing field hospitals in time of action, taking care of the sick and wounded who shall be sent to the rear from the field, for this purpose selecting such buildings as may be most convenient and suitable for the purpose, the senior surgeon being in charge, and held to a strict accountability that supplies of medical instruments, food, &c., details for nurses (the latter taken as far as possible from the bands), be at all times on hand; the field hospitals will be formed on the basis of one for each division. The Reserve Corps will also be liable to detail by the medical directors of corps for such duties as the exigencies of the service may require. The necessary transportation for this corps will be furnished by the division quartermasters.

Regimental surgeons will on no pretext whatever be allowed to leave their regiments on the field for the purpose of taking care of the wounded and sick sent to the rear, but will remain with their commands, giving such aid and succor to the wounded as they may require on the spot.

By command of Major-General McClellan;

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862.

His Excellency the President of the United States will visit the troops of this army this afternoon,beginning at 5 o'clock with Sumner's corps, followed by Keyes', Heintzelman's, Franklin's and Porter's corps, in the order named. He will be received with appropriate honors.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

[S. WILLIAMS]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 1. July 8, 1862.

1. The following organization of the cavalry forces in this army is

