
ment, and I am now confident that enemy is in full retreat, probably destinated for immediate vicinity of Richmond. Our cavalry has not yet returned nor sent in news. No reasons as yet to believe that any portion of enemy have moved on Washington. Jackson was in front of us yesterday. Shall watch closely and keep you constantly informed of what transpires.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 9, 1862

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

Fort Monroe:

In reply to my inquiry you stated some time ago the number of regiments you had sent from Baltimore and Fort Monroe to General McClellan, but in some instances the strength of the regiments was not stated. Will you please to furnish me as quickly as possible with a statement showing the date and place from which each regiment was sent and the exact number of men in each, or as near an estimate as you can make. Specify the number of pieces of artillery and the number of rank and file.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 9, 1862-5.45 p.m.

(Received 6.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

In reply to your dispatch of to-day I have the honor to state that the Fifth New York had about 943 men, and the Second Delaware about 732. These regiments were sent from Baltimore, the former on the 31st March and the latter on the 31st May. Not having the records of the Middle Department, I may not give their strength to a man, but the returns in the Adjutant-General's Office of those dates will show. Of the regiments furnished from here early in June, the First New York had 954 men, the Second New York 895, the Seventh New York 891, the Tenth New York 953, the Twentieth New York, 1,024, the Sixteenth Massachusetts 1,009, the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts 842, the First Michigan 875, and the Twentieth Indiana 999. The One hundred and first New York arrived here and was sent directly to General McClellan from the transports, so that I cannot give the strength of the regiment.

JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General, Commanding.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 10, 1862-8 a.m.

The PRESIDENT:

All quiet. Enemy certainly beyond Malvern Hill. Hourly expect more definite news. Hope to have men refitted in all except artillery in two days.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

