HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Berkeley Landing, July 10, 1862

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I would beg leave to call your attention most urgently to the necessity of taking immediate measures for filling up to the regulation standard all the regiments and batteries of the regulars and volunteers composing this army. This system is by far preferable in every respect to that of raising new regiments and batteries.

If it can be done in no other way, I would suggest consolidating the old regiments into a small number of companies for each, and receiving the number of entire companies necessary to raise the regiments to the maximum standard.

If it be possible to fill up the existing skeleton companies it would be preferable, but it is probable that much valuable time would be gained by following the course first suggested.

I do not believe that any general system of recruiting for volunteers will succeed. It must be attempted for particular regiments and companies in the localities where they originated.

Recruits scattered among the veteran regiments would soon become efficient, while a long time would be required to render raw recruits reliable.

The regular batteries (I may say the same of the volunteers) are very deficient in men.

Commending this subject to the immediate attention of the Department, I am, very respectfully,your obedient servant,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 10, 1862

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Arrived here last night. Saw the Secretary this morning. He is disposed to do all in his power to assist you.

The proposed changes will be attended to at once, commencing with those most desired,and will be continued gradually till all are made.

The pontoons are at New York, but will be ordered to Fort Monroe.

The ferry-boats will be attended to.*

R. B. MARCY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 10, 1862

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL: I am informed this morning that Major General George B. McClellan desires as many large ferry-boats as possible to be sent to him at once.

You will please take immediate measures to have them sent to him.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Some personal matter omitted.

---------------

