
Missouri and elsewhere. Those fluctuations have in the end inured to our advantage.

To shut up this army on the James River is to make certain its destruction or its neutralization within the next two months, and then the North will be at the mercy of the South and the sport of the caprice of Europe.

Bring this army back to the neighborhood of Washington, to spacious, healthy camps, pass some laws which I could suggest,and at the end of three months it will be worth much more against an enemy than it was last March. The laws I refer to would force our able-bodied men to join the army and to remain with it; would estop rogues and pettifoggers from using the courts of law to rob such as are absent fighting and would constrain to the public service all supplies and means of transportation at a reasonable price.

When a large army reaches, or is placed in a position where it cannot hold the enemy in check not operate effectively against him, it is a military axiom to move that army without delay. With a large, well-appointed army in any camp from which it can be employed we may bid defiance to our enemies. This army cannot be employed here, and the enemy may close its egress, for which reasons and many others I respectfully recommend that immediate instructions may be issued for its withdrawal.

All the available gunboats and men-of-war ought to assist in the movement, which ought to be made within the next forty-eight hours.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Fourth Army Corps.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 11, 1862

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

The President has this day made the following order, which I hasten to communicate to you:

EXECUTIVE MANSION.

Washington, July 11, 1862.

Ordered, That Major General, Henry W. Halleck be assigned to command the whole land forces of the United States as General-in-Chief, and that he repair to this capital so soon as he can with safety to the positions within the department under side charge.

A. LINCOLN.

You will please acknowledge the receipt of this order, and state when you may be expected here. Your early presence is required by many circumstances.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, MISS., July 11, 1862-3 p.m.

(Received Washington, D. C., 5.50 p.m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States;

Your orders of this date are this moment received. General Grant,

