
next in command, is at Memphis. I have telegraphed to him to immediately repair to this place.

I will start for Washington the moment I can have a personal interview with General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 11, 1862-8 a.m. (Received 5.10 p.m.)

The PRESIDENT:

The enemy have certainly retreated, but it has been in good order and with a fair amount of wagons. Our cavalry follow their rear guard closely and have taken a few prisoners, but have made no decided impression. None of the enemy appear to have crossed the Long Bridge, but all to have gone in direction of Richmond, some crossing White Oak Swamp; none toward mouth of Chickahominy now. Considerable force of enemy at Haxall's, yesterday, probably cavalry, almost entirely. Stonewall Jackson not dead. Prisoners all state that I had 200,000 enemy to fight. A good deal more than two to one, and they knowing the ground.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.

BERKELEY, VA., July 11, 1862- 3 p.m.

The PRESIDENT:

To-day received letter from General R. E. Lee, offering to return to me on parole our wounded. I have accepted the offer, and will send transports as soon as he designates the place.

Enemy in some force at Haxall's. None in direction of Long Bridge or Lower Chickahominy. None nearer than 7 miles from here on this side James River. We are very strong here now, so far as defensive is concerned. Hope you will soon make us strong enough to advance and try it again. All in fine spirits.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Berkeley, July 11, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: My cavalry yesterday pressed upon the enemy's rear guard. All the last accounts I learned yesterday evening were to the effect that his rear guard was not more than 7 miles from the White Oak Swamp, on the Long Bridge road, and that the main body had crossed the swamp, none of them having crossed the Long Bridge, but all apparently moving upon Richmond. The country south of us, i.e., Charles City Court-House and north of the Chickahominy, seems to be entirely clear of them, and our cavalry is covering that entire region.

A considerable force was yesterday at Haxall's and Malvern Hill. the rebels are said to have had plenty of transportation, and their retreat has been concluded in an orderly manner.

Our cavalry have taken a few prisoners and killed a few. The health

