
of our men continues fair. I have more complaints of ill-health on the part of general officers than from any others. Every possible sanitary precaution will be taken to insure the health of the command. Provisions and medical stores abound. The men are now having a good rest,and will be completely refitted in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 11, 1862

HILL CARTER, Esq. Shirley:

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter of yesterday is received. Allow me to express my thanks to you for the humane and Christian conduct you and your family have displayed toward my helpless sick and wounded.

My attention had already been called to this subject. Without pausing to inquire or desiring to learn whether you are friend or foe to the cause I have the honor to serve,it was my intention to do all in my power to alleviate in your case the sufferings caused by the inevitable exigencies of this unhappy war.

Permit me here to state that it ever has been, and ever shell be, my constant effort to confine the effects of this contest to the armed masses and political organization directly concerned in carrying it on.

I have done my best to secure protection to private property, but I confess that circumstances beyond my control have often defeated my purposes.

I have not come here to wage war upon the defenseless, upon non-combatants, upon private property, nor upon the domestic institutions of the land. I and the army I command are fighting to secure the Union and maintain its Constitution and laws, and for no other purpose. I regret to learn you have suffered, and the inconvenience you have endured.

I send this by a confidential officer of my staff, who is instructed to ascertain from you what kind of a safeguard will best secure your person and property, how I can best indemnify you for your losses, and in what manner the other requests you make can best be carried out.

Again expressing my thanks for the noble spirit of humanity you have shown toward men whom you probably regard as bitter foes, I am, sir,with the highest respect, your obedient servant,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 139. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, '62.

I. No one will be sent to the hospital camp or floating hospitals except on the approval of the medical director and the commander of the corps to which he belongs, which approval will be given in no case where the men can be treated in their regiments. Men not serving in corps divisions or brigades must have the approval of the medical director of the army.

II. No person will be allowed to leave on the sick transports except

