
on the certificate of the senior reserve surgeon of the division (approved by the proper military authority), stating that he has personally examined the case, and that leaving the army is necessary to save life or prevent permanent disability. A similar certificate will be required of the senior surgeon of the hospital camp, approved by the commanding officer and the medical director of this army, before any one from that camp will be allowed to leave on any vessel used as a transport for the sick.

III. The medical director of each corps will detail daily on officer from the reserve corps of surgeons of each division, whose duty it will be minutely to inspect the police and sanitary condition of the division.

At the expiration of his tour of duty this officer will report in writing to the medical director of the corps the state of the police of each regiment, and whether the orders in regard thereto have been carried into effect. He will also report upon the sanitary condition of the division; the manner in which the regimental hospitals are conducted; the manner which the officers perform their duties in regard to the care and attention of the sick and wounded, and in regard to supplies. He will make such suggestions as in his opinion the interest of the service may require for promoting the health and efficiency of the troops.

IV. Medical directors of corps will at once report to their commanders any violation of the orders in reference to police in any portion of their commands, and will make to the medical director of the army a weekly report, condensed from the weekly reports received by them, of the police and sanitary condition of the corps, with such observations as the case may seem to demand. Commanders of corps will afford every facility to medical officers in the performance of these duties.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Berkeley, July 12, 1862

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The last information received from the cavalry scouts shows that the divisions [of] Longstreet and Hill did cross the Chickahominy at Long Bridge in their retreat. I have not yet ascertained the direction they afterward took, but hope to learn in a few hours. The country along the Lower Chickahominy is entirely free from the presence of the enemy.

There is nothing new of any interest to add, except that every hour convinces me of the great result which could be gained now by the army were it promptly re-enforced even to a moderate extent.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTERS-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington City, July 12, 1862

Colonel R. INGALLS.

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac, Harrisons's Bar:

COLONEL: Your dispatches of the 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th* are re-

---------------

*Requisitions for supplies.

---------------

