
ceived by me to-day. They have been so far as possible attended to in my absence. I returned last night. The sudden flood of volunteers has overworked all our depots and exhausted some of our articles of supply. I fear disappointment in your supply of canteens, which were ordered, when first required, in July.

All schooners fit for your purpose in Baltimore and Philadelphia have been ordered to Fort Monroe, and Colonel Tompkins was ordered to send to that place from New York two hundred sails, if he can get them, all in ballast. I have written to General McClellan on this subject.* The sacrifice of deck loads of hay would give you much room on the very large fleet of supply vessels at Fort Monroe and in the James River. The thirty steamers which you had at Harrison's Bar, with many since sent to Fort Monroe and the James River, ought to move over 30,000 men on their own decks. In addition to this, all of General Burnside's transportation has been sent back to you. He moved at one trip some 12,000 men. Wagons, horses, artillery can be shipped after the greater part of the men are moved. Orders have been sent to Philadelphia and New York to hasten back immediately all sick transports, which have sometimes been delayed by those in charge of them.

You now have all the steamboats of the coast which can be procured without breaking up the great ferries and routes by which our new levies are to be brought to the seat of war, excepting the few employed in supplying the Southern posts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 12, 1862.

SIR: The general commanding directs that you cause your command to be prepared to resume active operations at the earliest possible moment.

You will please ascertain, by personal inspection, in what respects the equipment of your troops is deficient, and take immediate measures to complete it, reporting from day to day the progress made.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BERKELEY, July 13, 1862-8 a.m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have nothing of special interest to report to-day. Enemy still at Haxall's; too strong for cavalry scouts to drive back, but not in any large force. A few rifle-shots fired from Fort Powhatan yesterday. Enemy has a rear guard in some little force on Long Bridge road, 8 miles from here. Our cavalry is active and constantly pressing him. We have ample supplies of provisions.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

[Major-General.], Commanding.

