
the Chickahominy, four with engineer, and one company with cattle herd.

Respectfully,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

U. S. GUNBOAT GALENA,

James River July 13, 1862.

Major MYER,

Signal Officer, U. S. Army:

SIR: I beg leave to express my opinion of the value of the mode of signaling invented by yourself and used in the Army . It can be seen when the Navy signals cannot, by reason of calm weather, be distinguished; in misty weather it can be read farther, as the motions of the flag are more visible than mere differences of color.

On the 30th of June and 1st of July, when we were required to cover the flanks of the army by firing upon an unseen enemy, your signals served to direct the fire, and the signals being given with the utmost precision. I hope our fire was thereby made useful.

Your method is no new thing with me, since I saw it used in Georgia, between Freeborn Cut and Wright River, across the Savannah River, at a distance which astonished me, and where Navy signals could not have been seen. For the Navy I think your code invaluable.

I take the liberty of adding that your signal officers on board, Lieutenants Clum and Ellis, have been attentive,skillful, willing and very pleasant shipmates.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN RODGERS,

Commander.

BERKELEY, July 14, 1862-7.30 a.m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

Nothing new of interest. Position of enemy's rear guard unchanged; varies from 6 to 8 miles from us. Health of troops improving somewhat. Food, forage, and medical supplies abundant. Will get quite a large number of our sick and well from the enemy to-day. Have informed General Lee that we are ready to negotiate a general exchange, and asked him to appoint some one to meet General Dix.

Everything going on very well. I am very anxious to have my old regiments filled up rather than have new ones formed. What of Burnside?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

[Major-General, Commanding.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 14, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN:

General Burnside's force is at Newport News, ready to move, on short notice, one way or the other, when ordered.

A. LINCOLN.

