
BERKELEY, VA., July 16, 1862-7 a.m.

(Received 1.20 p.m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

None of the enemy retired by the Long Bridge: all have gone in direction of Richmond. Their pickets are strong, ranging about 7 miles from this place. What news has General Pope from his front? I would be glad to be kept informed by him.

Generals Dix and Hill are to meet on Thursday at Haxall's to arrange general exchange of prisoners. I hope to see Burnside to-day and arrange with him. Will telegraph you fully when I have conferred with him.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 16, 1862.

Colonel D. B. SACKET,Inspector-General:

COLONEL: It is the desire of the major-general commanding that the operations of the inspector-general's department in connection with this army should be materially extended, to the end that the army may profit by the fullest capability of the department for usefulness and result.

The sphere of that department is, in the view of the commanding general, a very wide and important one. Through it the general sees the interior of the army; he learned its efficiency, its discipline its capability for its task, its feeling, its tone; through it he becomes acquainted with his troops-he knows the personnel of his army. Nor is the field for investigation limited here. Everything that concerns an army, whether as respects its interior organization discipline, and efficiency, or its relation to the special or general military purpose in view, every branch of service, every character of duty,in fine, is within the range of subjects of the department.

It is obvious that casual inspections of troops upon special orders to that effect will in nowise render an inspector-general intimately acquainted with an army. Frequent visits among the troops, daily inspections, the constant observation of military persons and objects, and, from various points of view the cultivation of a habit of inquiry, in fine, with regard to all subjects of military concern pertaining to the army, will alone enable an officer of the department to be up to the level of the requirements of his place.

I am directed by the commanding general to communicate to you the foregoing, confident that you will share his views with regard to the greater usefulness indicated herein for your department.

He is not insensible to the value of your services and those of Major Davis to this army, and he trusts, that you will not see in these instructions any indication of discontent with the manner in which you have discharged you duties. The preparation of the army to resume offensive at an early day, however, demands renewed exertions on the part of all the staff departments, and requires the utmost result that each department is capable of producing.

It is this necessity which has drawn forth these instructions. It is desired that hereafter on every day inspections be made of some branch

