
of the service or body of troops connected with this army. Aides-de-camp of the general's staff will, as you may require their services, report to you for inspections duty.

The discipline instruction, equipment, health, and comfort of the troops, the character of the supplies furnished the troops, their quantity and quality, the police and healthfulness of camps are subjects which are naturally indicated as those to receive primary attention. Other subjects in their order. The simple detection of deficiencies, whether in description or equipment in the inspection of troops, I am to add, is not enough to accomplish any desirable purpose.

The opportunity afforded for communicating instructions or for directing a remedy should be improved. Clothed with the authority of the commanding general you can remedy much on the spot.

It is anticipated that this authority will of course be used prudently and wisely, but ex officio you can direct the execution of existing regulations or orders, the supply of deficient equipments, or require the enforcement of police and sanitary measures, &amp;c.

Full written reports are not expected except in special cases or where objects require special mention to insure necessary action. Verbal reports to the chief of staff will in the general case answer every purpose.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 205. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 16, 1862.

* * * * * *

XV. Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles will proceed to New York for the purpose of pushing forward recruiting for the regiments of his brigade. He will send on the recruits in squads as they are collected, calling upon the Quartermaster's Department for the necessary transportation. The general commanding relies upon General Sickles to use his utmost exertions to hasten the filling up of his regiments and to rejoin his command at the earliest possible moment.

XVI. Brigadier General Thomas F. Meagher will proceed on the recruiting service for the regiments of his brigade under the special instructions of General Sumner. He will send on the recruits in squads as they are collected,calling upon the Quartermaster's Department for the necessary transportation. The general commanding relies upon General Meagher to use his utmost exertions to hasten the filling up of his regiments, and to rejoin his command at the earliest possible moment.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 17, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN, Berkeley:

There is no enemy in my front. My cavalry pickets extend 25 miles south of Fredericksburg, and Hatch, with 2,500 men, passes through Gordonsville to-day en route for Charlottesville. He will destroy the

