
Virginia Central road and the road from Charlottesville to Lynchburg. If it be possible he will push cavalry in several directions to James River and destroy the canal. Culpeper is occupied by a considerable force, with Banks, Sigel,and one division of McDowell in supporting distance.

JNO POPE

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, July 18, 1862-1 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just returned from General McClellan's headquarters, and have much to say to you. Wish you to hear it before any very important changes are made. Can I telegraph you freely or can I go to Washington for a day? I think it important that we should consult. I think no man knows McClellan's present position better than myself.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, July 18, 1862-5 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

I did not doubt the security in telegraphing by cipher, but simply questioned the expediency of telegraphing freely in reference to persons and events. If I can get off I will avail myself of your confidence and go up to see you to-morrow. If not, I will telegraph fully.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.,

July 18, 1862

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I was much gratified to receive your letter of the 13th, and trust you will always give me the benefit of what suggestions you may think fit to offer.

I had already stopped all the transportation (horses, mules, and wagons) afloat at the fortress, where it now remains subject to my orders. Many of the horse teams were broken up to fill up the batteries; meantime some good artillery horses were sent from Philadelphia. So far as I can learn the batteries have received horses, as many as were required, on demand. I still have for issue some 200 fit for artillery and cavalry service. We have too much cavalry for any real advantage to us.

Many were of opinion that we had too much land transportation, but it was generally supposed we had a far greater number of wagons than an actual inspection shows we have. We have here now about 2,600 wagons for service with troops, engineer and supply trains; each regiment is allowed six. There are some 106,000 men in this army present,

