
and Burnside is expected to re-enforce it with thirty regiments. The operations may require the use of considerable land carriage. I do not think we have too much. As the matter stands now, the amount can easily and quickly be augmented or reduced, as circumstances may render necessary. There will be no trouble if they are kept in the proper condition and place in encampments and one marches. They gave infinite cause for anxiety and embarrassment in the last week of June. It is a miracle so few were lost. The spectacle at times of entangled wagons with batteries and troops was frightful, though we reached here in good order and spirits.

The army is a magnificent one to-day. All we require now is more men and generals full of health and desire to go into Richmond. We must and soon can go forward. This army must not go back one foot. The commanding general is in excellent health and full of confidence and is the "pride and boast" of his men.

The Peninsula is sickly here, as it was at White House. White laborers cannot stand the climate; we have but few; we depend on contrabands chiefly. I have invariably made use of all fair means to increase the number. I brought away every man, woman, and child from the Pamunkey; that is, they took passage on our boats. I am sending along this river to Norfolk, even to North Carolina, for colored laborers. Where the army actually is the negroes come in to a man almost. I hope next week to have the numbers much increased.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Chief of Quartermaster.

BERKELEY, July 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Some time since I found it necessary to institute the Fifth and Sixth Provisional Army Corps.

I now apply that these provisional corps be made full corps by the President. Their commanders are among the ablest generals in the service. I also recommend that General Dix's command in this department be constituted an army corps. I desire to invest that able and excellent officer with all the power I can within my department,and it will be for the good of the service.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 19, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN, Berkeley:

I have not yet heard from Hatch, and presume he has not yet met with any considerable resistance.

There are reports in Fredericksburg and from Culpeper that Jackson is moving on Gordonsville with a large force. It is not confirmed as yet by any authority.

I will keep you advised.

JNumbers POPE

Major-General.

