
BERKELEY, VA., July 19, 1862-8 p.m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

Dispatch of 17th received. The enemy not within 10 miles of me in large force. Has fallen back to vicinity of Richmond and Petersburg. I cannot yet tell whether he has any designs upon you or not.

Mansfield sends word from Suffolk that rebels are sending negroes to Lynchburg to work on fortifications.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BERKELEY, VA., July 20, 1862-8 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Intimations come from various sources-from our returned wounded and prisoners-that a portion of the enemy's force has moved in the direction of Gordonsville. Although Lynchburg and Chattanooga is the probable direction, it will be well for General Pope to keep a sharp lookout toward Staunton and Gordonsville. I conversation the rebels boast of going to Baltimore, &amp;c. Our information begins to be more full.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 20, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Your two telegrams of yesterday and one of this morning have been received.

The organization of your Fifth and Sixth Army Corps and the organization of the forces of General Dix into a corps will be confirmed by an order of the Department. General Dix arrived here last evening and returned to-day, having come for instructions in relation to exchange of prisoners. I would be glad to have immediately a list of the wounded received from Richmond. We have no military intelligence of interest from any quarter.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

Berkeley, Va., July 20, 1862-1.30 p.m. (Rec'd 9.30 p.m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

President of the United States:

I have again heard from return prisoners that Jackson's troops commenced leaving Richmond about one week ago by rail, either toward Gordonsville or Fredericksburg, and that the movement continued for some three days, by night and day. This comes through so many sources that I feel obliged to call your close attention to it. I also learn that large numbers of conscripts are constantly arriving in Richmond from the South.

