
across Bull Run and drive the enemy from Warrenton Junction?" believing I could do so, I took it for granted you wished it done, and moved immediately. A guard will be left at this place and at Manassas Junction, and I will with the remainder of my command move, in compliance with your last order, on warrenton Junction to-morrow morning. I will force the rebuilding of the railroad bridge at Bull Run as far as possible. The fords of Bull run are practicable. I will cross by Lewis' Ford, near which is a bridge for the infantry. Instructions will be left for General Banks, as directed. As the railroad is now completed to Union Mills, I think the number of teams I have, I can supply forage for an additional force of cavalry.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 24, 1862-4.30 p. m.

General E. V. SUMNER:

My telegram of this morning was intended simply to obtain from you the information necessary to enable me to judge when it would be best to move. It was not intended as an order to advance. If you are in motion when this is received keep on to Warrenton Junction. You will not advance the mass of your command beyond that point, but throw your cavalry well in advance, supported be artillery and infantry. Endeavor to force the enemy to burn the railroad bridge over the Rapahannock. Leave a sufficient guard at Manassas and Centreville. Leave instructions for Banks' command to await further orders at Centreville and Manassas.

You will be relieved by General Banks at Warrenton Junction, and will hold yourself in readiness to come back to Alexandria for embarkation. render all possible assistance in rebuilding the railroad and telegraph to Warrenton Junction. Beef cattle and additional cavalry will be sent to you. Please read my telegrams very carefully.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 102. Camp near Alex. Seminary, Va., March 24, 1862.

I. commanders of army corps may grant leaves of absence for fifteen days and division commanders may approve furloughs to enlisted men of their commands; but no leaves or furloughs will be granted during the period of active operations.

II. The commander of an army corps or of a division may grant passes to the officers and men of their commands for the day, which must be signed by one of two staff officers who shall be designated for the purpose, and whose signatures are to be immediately reported to the provost-marshal-general and the military governor of the District of Columbia.

III. The Army of the Potomac being in the field, the basis of the organization, administration, police, discipline, and instruction is by division; and the administrative control exercised by department commanders, under the Army Regulations, now devolves on division com

3 R R-VOL XI, PT III

