
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 21, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN:

This is Monday. I hope to be able to tell you on Thursday what is to be done with Burnside.

A. LINCOLN.

BERKELEY, VA., July 21, 1862-9 a.m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

Your dispatch of 19th [20th?] received. The information in regard to Jackson's movement on Gordonsville reaches me through so many sources that I think it worthy of your closest attention.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, D. C., July 21, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN,:

The subjoined report I have just made to the Secretary of War.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA.

Washington, July 21, 1862

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: The cavalry expedition I directed General King to send out on the 19th has returned. They left Fredericksburg at 7 p.m. on 19th, and, after a forced march during the night, made a descent at daylight in the morning upon the Virginia Central Railroad at Beaver Dam Creek, 25 miles west of Hanover Junction and 35 miles from Richmond. They destroyed the railroad and telegraph line for several miles, burned up the depot, which contained 40,000 rounds of musket ammunition, 100 barrels of flour, and much other valuable property, and brought in a captain in charge prisoner. The whole country, around was thrown in a great state of alarm. One private was wounded on our side. The cavalry marched 80 miles in thirty hours. The affair was most successful, and reflects high credit upon the commanding officer and his troops. As soon as full particulars are received I will transmit to you the name of the commanding officer and the troops engaged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, July 21, 1862

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

MY DEAR FRIEND: I hope you will allow me to consider you as such. "Coming events cast their shadows before them." The rebels are not without well-founded hopes that England and France will interfere in their behalf. The late disaster to our arms at Richmond and the position of Major-General McClellan's army will aid them much in their anticipations. The rebels will do all in their power to keep McClellan where he is with his army, in the hope that death and desertion will

