
Run. All of these who have enjoyed any opportunities of observation unite in stating that re-enforcements are pouring into Richmond from the South.

Dr. L. H. Stone, U. S. Army, saw at Charlotte from 7,000 to 8,000 troops en route to Richmond. He and others unite in stating that it is quite positive that the troops on James Island (Charlotte) have arrived in Richmond and that the Southern States are being drained of their garrisons to re-enforce the army in my front. It is said that the troops of Beauregard's old army are also en route hither. This last is not positive, and I hope to learn the truth in regard to it to-morrow.

Three regiments-one South Carolina, one North Carolina, and one Georgia-reached Richmond yesterday. Supplies are being rapidly pushed in by all routes. It would appear that Longstreet is in front of Richmond on this side of the James: D. H. Hill at Fort Darling and vicinity.

Our cavalry pickets on Charles City road were driven in to-day by a heavy force of cavalry and some artillery. Averell started after them with a sufficient force. I have not yet heard the result.

Allow me to urge most strongly that all the troops of Burnside and Hunter together with all that can possibly be spared from other points, be sent to me at once. I am sure that you will agree with me that the true defense of Washington consists in a rapid and heavy blow given by this army upon Richmond.

Can you not possibly draw 15,000 or 20,000 men from the West to re-enforce me temporarily? They can return the moment we gain Richmond. Please give weight to this suggestion; I am sure it merits it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

IN CAMP AT HARRISON'S LANDING, JAMES RIVER,Saturday, July 26, 1862

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR; Confirmatory information has just been received here that about ten days or two weeks ago Jackson started toward the valley, via the Fredericksburg Railroad (from Richmond), with 60,000 to 80,000 troops, including his own and Ewell's division, Lawton's brigade, and from 3,000 to 4,000 cavalry. Pope has no doubt pretty well ascertained his position and numbers by this time. McClellan ought to be instructed to keep a very heavy pressure on the lines between here and Richmond, so as to detect any depletion of the forces there to re-enforce Jackson for an annihilation of Pope and a raid upon Washington. That has been one great fault of our generals. They have not kept a heavy enough pressure upon the lines to detect the depletion and evacuations of the enemy in time to take proper advantage of them. That was the case at Manassas and Yorktown. We were kept at bay by a mere feint of force until the main forces were out of reach of a harassing pursuit. So it was when Jackson turned our right wing the other day. If a heavy pressure had been kept upon him from the Potomac he would either have had to remain where he was or been followed up by a sufficient force to keep him from doing any harm.

