
manders, in all that relates to courts-martial as well as to public property, money, and account. When by law, regulations, or order division commanders are not competent to act, the case will be submitted to the commander of the corps to which they belong, who will act thereon or transmit it to General Headquarters.

IV. With respect to troops serving within the limits of his command but not assigned to an army corps, the military governor of the District of Columbia will exercise the functions delegated to commanders of divisions and army corps.

V. All troops serving in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, and on the eastern Shore of Virginia, not assigned to an army corps, will immediately report to Major General John A. Dix, commanding at Baltimore, who will exercise, in regard to them, all the functions of army corps and division commanders.

VI. Until the division actually join the army corps to which they have been assigned division commanders will exercise the functions of commanders of corps.

VII. The commanding officers of the artillery and cavalry reserves and of the regular infantry will have the same powers as commanders of divisions, except that all applications for leaves of absence to officers must be transmitted for action at these headquarters.

VIII. Commanders of army corps, unattached divisions, and detachments will make to these headquarters every Sunday a consolidated morning report of their commands.

IX. The following provisions will be strictly observed, when not rendered impracticable by the distance to General Headquarters, throughout the active portion of this army:

1st. Commanders of army corps, unattached divisions, and detachments will send messengers to these headquarters at 10 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily for orders.

2nd. Orderly hour at these headquarters will be 12 m., at which time daily a staff officer from the headquarters of each army corps and separate commander will attend at the office of the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters for orders.

3rd. After every march the commander of each army corps or separate command will either attend in person or send a staff officer to the office of the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters for orders and to report the location of the headquarters of his corps and each of its divisions.

4th. after every march the chiefs of the staff departments at these headquarters will attend in person or send a staff officer to the office of the assistant adjutant-general for orders, and to report the location of their respective offices.

5th. Commanders of army corps and separate commands will use every means to keep themselves constantly informed of the location of General Headquarters.

X. Brigades in divisions and divisions in army corps will be numbered from right to left; but in reports of operations they will be designated by the names of their commanders.

XI. Flags will be used to designate the various headquarters, as follows:

General Headquarters: National flag.

First Army Corps: National flag with a small square red flag beneath.

Second Army Corps: National flag with a small square blue flag beneath.

Third Army Corps: National flag with a small square blue and red flag, vertical, beneath.

