HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 29, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Nothing new of much interest. Received another batch of wounded yesterday. Apprehensions begin to be felt by some of arrival and effect of Merrimac Numbers 2. I doubt whether she is yet ready for service.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General.

BERKELEY, VA., July 30, 1862-7 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,Commander-in-Chief.

Deserters state that another regiment of rebel cavalry was to go to Hanover Court-House to-day, and that Longstreet, Hill (A. P.), and Hill (D. H.), are still with their troops in the immediate vicinity of Richmond, and have not gone to Gordonsville. Total of forces with Jackson stated at 30,000 to 35,000. I hope that it may soon be decided what is to be done by this army, and that the decision may be to re-enforce it at once.

We are losing much valuable time and that at a time when energy and decision are sadly needed.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Berkeley, July 30, 1862

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: There is nothing new of any interest to give you. The cavalry scouts are daily extending their beats, and meet with less resistance during the past few days. The enemy still at Malvern [and] its vicinity, rather in small force-probably a brigade, with a battery. Nothing seems to be doing on the other side of the James. If I had even a part of Burnside's command I would beat them up on that bank of the James as well as stir them up at Malvern. I am very weak in cavalry-not more than 3,800 for duty. Could not Williams' regiment from Port Royal and Mix's from Monroe both be ordered up here? A large part of my cavalry was taken from me when I left Washington for Fort Monroe. I feel the want of it very much. It is not true (my information goes) that either of the Hills or Longstreet are with Jackson near Gordonsville, which renders it more probable that Jackson's is more than 30,000 to 35,000,although it is possible that I may be deceived about the latter point.

Heavy re-enforcements have arrived in Richmond and are still coming. I still feel that our true policy is to re-enforce the army by every available means and throw it again upon Richmond. Should it be determined to withdraw it, I shall look upon our cause as lost and the demoralization of the army certain.

I sincerely hope that some decision may be promptly arrived at and that it may be in accordance with the view I have so frequently expressed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

