
Fourth Army Corps: National flag with a small square blue and red flag, horizontal, beneath.

First Division of an army corps:Red flag, 6 feet long and 5 feet wide. Second Division of an army corps: Blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 feet wide.

Third Division of an army corps: Vertical red and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 feet wide.

Fourth Division of an army corps: Horizontal red and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 feet wide.

First Brigade of First Division: Red and white flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

Second Brigade of First Division: White, red, and white flag, 6 feet long, 5 wide, vertical.

Third Brigade of First Division: Red, white, and red flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

First Brigade of Second Division: Blue and white flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

Second Brigade of Second Division: White, blue, and white flag, 6 feet long, 5 wide, vertical.

Third Brigade of Second Division: Blue, white, and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

First Brigade of Third Division: Red, white, and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

Second brigade of Third Division: Red, blue, and white flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

Third Brigade of third Division: White, red, and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, vertical.

First Brigade of Fourth Division: Red, white, and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, horizontal.

Second Brigade of Fourth Division: Red, blue, and white flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, horizontal.

Third Brigade of Fourth Division: White, red, and blue flag, 6 feet long and 5 wide, horizontal.

The different regiments of the brigades will be designated by numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, on the flag of the brigade to which they belong; white numbers on colored bars and colored numbers on white bars.

The artillery will have the colors of the division to which it belongs and be distinguished by a right-angled triangular flag 6 feet long and 3 feet wide at the staff.

The cavalry have the same as above except that the shape will be swallow-tailed.

The Engineers will have a white disk of a diameter equal to one-third of its width on the flag of the division to which it belongs.

The Regular Brigade will have a white star on a red flag, the regimental number being in the middle of the star.

The hospitals will be distinguished by a yellow flag.

The subsistence depots will be designated by a green flag.

These flags will be attached to a portable staff 14 feet long, in two joints, and will be habitually displayed in front of the tent or from some prominent part of the house or vessel occupied as the headquarters which they designate, and on the march shall be carried near the person of the officer commanding the corps, division, brigade, or regiment it is intended to designate.

The Quartermaster's Department will take immediate measures to supply the flags upon requisitions approved by division commanders.

XII. The brigade quartermaster will be the ammunition officer of the

