
II. The court of inquiry of which Brigadier-General Harney, U. S. Army, is president, is dissolved.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding the Army:

On the 10th July, in answer to General McClellan's call for ferry-boats the only two ferry-boats at this place, the Tallacca and the Chancellor Livingston, were sent to him. Two tug-boats, were sent at the same time. Two ferry-boats, the Star and the Eagle, now under repairs in Baltimore, are ordered to be got ready and sent to him as speedily as possible. All other ferry-boats, if any, under control of the Quartermaster's Department were within his command or serving in other departments out of reach.

There were on the 21st July about thirty steamboats anchored off Harrison's Landing, with a large fleet of sailing vessels and barges and canal-boats, all at the disposal of the commander of the Army of the Potomac. I doubt whether any army ever had at command larger means of water transportation on any inland river.

The Assistant Secretary of War, Mr. John Tucker, leaves this city for New York this afternoon to endeavor to procure two or three more large ferry-boats for James River. I doubt whether they can reach Harrison's Landing in time to be of any use.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

P. S.- I write this note because I see General McClellan informs you that he has asked several times for ferry-boats. I remember only the request about the 10th of July, and I then sent all we had here, and ordered those repairing at Baltimore to be completed and forwarded. There has been no neglect on the part of the Quartermaster's Department.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, August 4, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday, calling for ferry-boats, was received this morning. I have also seen a dispatch from you to General Halleck, stating that you had asked for ferry-boats several times. On the 10th of July, when I was first informed of your need of such boats which were then in the control of this department to be sent to you. The steam ferry-boats Tallacca and Chancellor Livingston were sent at once, with orders to report to Colonel Ingalls, chief quartermaster,

23 R R-VOL XI, PT III

