
In accordance with his recommendation these lists are respectfully forwarded to His Excellency the Governor of-, with full concurrence in the request made by General McClellan.

It is respectfully requested that copies be made for the State records and the originals then returned to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON JAMES RIVER, August 5, 1862.

General JOHN COCHRANE, Washington, D. C.:

We have retaken Malvern Hill to-day, and from the way I am told the enemy behaved I am convinced that if we had a re-enforcement of 20,000 men we could walk straight into Richmond. Do represent this in the right quarter.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

Approved.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 5, 1862-1 a.m.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I have had submitted to me the orders sent to General McClellan, and I must say I never was more astonished than at their contents. The withdrawal of the Army of the Potomac would be the most suicidal act that any administration could commit, and be attended with every disaster that could befall our army-causing its utter demoralization and total destruction and the waste of all its vast equipage-and I must say, if anything can, would entirely ruin the Union cause by its entire destruction. I can now speak advisedly upon its position and that of the naval force which I command. My stand-point of view is different from that of any other person in the country, and although I have not ventured, as others, to express the opinions I entertain, I deem it imperative on me now to state what they are.

The naval force has now under its control the supply of the army, and I indulge in no fears of keeping it entirely free from any serious impediment. The force I have is not entirely sufficient to begin active operations, but the moment I receive the additional vessels the Department is to supply me I am ready for active offensive operations, and with the aid of the army on the north bank of the James River I have no doubt that Richmond can be taken. It may require hard knocks, but success, I think, is finally certain. When Fort Darling is taken the way will be open, and a combined attack from the north shore by the

