
reuniting the old Army of the Potomac. I, however, have taken the responsibility of doing so, and am to risk my reputation on it. As I told you when at your camp, it is my intention that you shall command all the troops in Virginia as soon as we can get them together; and with the army thus concentrated I am certain that you can take Richmond. I must beg of you, general, to hurry along this movement. Your reputation as well as mine may be involved in its rapid them.

I cannot regard Pope and Burnside as safe until you re-enforce for reasons which it is not necessary to specify. As things now are, with separate commands, there will be no concert of action, and we daily risk being attacked and defeated in detail. I would write you more fully, but nearly all my time is occupied with the new drafts and enlistments. They are doing well, but several weeks must elapse before we can get the troops into the field.

Bragg seems to be concentrating a large force against Buell, and the latter is asking for re-enforcements. When he will Chattanooga is a problem I am unable to solve.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Berkeley, Va.:

General Burnside is without cavalry or artillery, and in that condition an attack on him would be disastrous. There is but one battalion of cavalry and three effective batteries here. You must send him the cavalry and artillery ordered with all possible dispatch.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have been unable to furnish 3,000 stand of arms for the exchanged prisoners just received at Harrison's Landing from Richmond. There ought to be here always at least 10,000 stand of arms. Will your order the Ordnance Department to furnish some? The ordnance officer here, Lieutenant Baylor, tells me he has an unanswered requisition at Washington.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HAXALL'S, August 8, 1862-6 a.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The night has passed off quietly. The enemy has not advanced beyond Malvern Hill, nor has he any force to the east of the Quaker road. But one vedette [mounted] of his has been seen between this and the blacksmith shop, and he retired on seeing my patrol. I shall send a regiment of infantry and some cavalry forward this morning

