
to ascertain more surely what force the enemy has at Malvern. They can easily do this without risk, and it will keep the rebels uncertain as to what our designs are. My cavalry had a good night's rest, and, unless I receive orders from you by 12 m. to the contrary, I will send Averell's cavalry back to him. Colonel Kelly, of the Irish Brigade, tells me that General Meagher is expected to-day. His brigade was sent me yesterday by General Sumner, at my request, for some support to my batteries. This position is a good one to operate from, and can easily be held. I have given orders for two days' rations and forage to be brought out at a time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Westover, Va., August 9, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Uniting the reports from commanding officers on the other side of the river and using the statements of negroes as far as they can be relied upon I gather as follows:

That the enemy have been and are still gathering at Petersburg, the vicinity of which, on this side of the Appomattox, they are intrenching. Troops, followed by a large number of wagons, were seen yesterday coming into Petersburg from the north.

The people on the opposite [side] of the river are leaving their homes and passing within the lines of the army, which extend some 4 miles this side of Prince George Court-House.

The negroes are coming this way whenever they can avoid the guards. The people are taking their household property, horses, cattle, and grain into Petersburg, and say if the war lasts a year longer they will starve to death.

The report among the people is that the raid of artillery opposite us was to draw the gunboats from above and below to enable the other artillery to be planted near Fort Powhatan, but the fire of the ships alarmed the enemy, and the artillery which had started returned. All is quiet on opposite side. Occasionally scouts of the enemy are seen, but always in small numbers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 152. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 9, 1862.

On and after the 14th instant all requisitions for ordnance and ordnance stores, after being signed by the colonel of the regiment for cavalry and infantry, and by the captain of the battery and chief of artillery of this army for artillery, will be presented to the acting ordnance officer of the division, and in the Artillery Reserve to the acting ordnance officer of that command. The division ordnance officers will make consolidated requisitions for all stores required for their divisions.

