
After being signed by the general commanding the division their requisitions will be presented by the division ordnance officer at the ordnance depot, and, after being approved by the chief of ordnance, will be immediately issued upon.

Requisitions upon the ordnance department are not required to be made in duplicate.

Division ordnance officers will be held responsible that the following supply of ammunition for their divisions shall be kept constantly on hand, viz, 250 rounds per gun, including that in the ammunition chests, for artillery; 150 pounds per man, including that in the cartridge boxes, for cavalry and infantry.

In moving, the wagons containing the reserve ammunition will be under the control of division ordnance officers. Ammunition wagons will be distinguished by a horizontal stripe, 6 inches wide, painted on each side of the cover-for artillery ammunition, red; for cavalry, yellow; for infantry, light blue. The wagons will also be distinctly marked with the number of the corps and division to which they belong and the kind and caliber of ammunition contained. The main depot for the army will be designated by a crimson flag, marked "Ordnance Depot, U. S. A."

Upon the march, or when the brigades are widely separated from each other, the wagons containing the reserves ammunition for each brigade may, at the discretion of the division commander, be turned over to the brigade quartermaster, who will draw his supplies from the division ordnance officer.

Division ordnance officers will select from the non-commissioned officers and privates of the division a competent clerk, and from those of each brigade a mechanic capable of repairing small-arms, who will be provided with a complete set of armorer's tools. If skilled in their employment, each will be paid 40 cents per day by the ordnance department. A sergeant will also be detailed from each division as an acting ordnance sergeant.

Division ordnance officers will be relieved from all duty with their regiments and will report for duty at division headquarters.

In condemning ordnance and ordnance stores officers will be governed by paragraphs 1021, 1022, and 1023, Army Regulations.

Unserviceable stores will not pass through division ordnance officers, but be turned into the depot ordnance, officer, accompanied by duplicate invoices and receipts, stating the exact condition of the stores.

Upon the receipt of this order acting ordnance officers will report for further instructions to First Lieutenant Horace Porter, chief of ordnance, at the end of the ordnance wharf.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 154. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 9, 1862.

The major-general commanding directs the attention of the officers and soldiers of the Army of the Potomac to the following executive order by the President, which has been officially published:

EXECUTIVE ORDER.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 22, 1862.

First. Ordered that military commanders within the States of Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, in an orderly

