
this army carrying a flag of truce on its way to City Point and returned without reporting at these headquarters. The commanding general desires that an explanation be required of the officers concerned of this violation of the requirements of military courtesy as well of military rule, which dictate that no communication be had with the enemy through a flag of truce except with the consent and knowledge of the general in command.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 10, 1862.

The general commanding directs that you have your corps in readiness to march on temporary service to-morrow at 2 o'clock p.m. The men will be provided with 40 cartridges in boxes and two days' rations in haversacks.

Four days' extra rations of subsistence and three days' forage for animals, with 60 cartridges per man, will be loaded in wagons ready to move with the column.

Such of your well men as have not muskets will be supplied at once by requisitions upon the ordnance department or from men who are sick.

You will give directions to have such of your old tents cut up as may be necessary to supply deficiencies in shelter-tents. The men will march as light as possible, and will leave everything except what is absolutely necessary for the march.

The requirements of General Orders, No. 153, from these headquarters to be carried out at once in every particular where it does not conflict with these instructions.

Should you require more wagons than you have will apply to the chief quartermaster.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 153. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 10,'62.

I. The following allowance of wagons is authorized:

For the headquarters of an army corps, four.

For the headquarters of a division or brigade, three.

For a battery of light artillery or squadron of cavalry, three.

For a full regiment of infantry, six.

This allowance will in no case be exceeded, but will be reduced to correspond as nearly as practicable with the number of officers and men actually present. All means of transportation in excess of the prescribed standard will be immediately turned in to the depot, with the exception of the authorized supply trains, which will be under the direction of the chief quartermasters of corps. The chief quartermaster of this army will direct the organization of the supply trains.

II. The army must be prepared to bivouac when on marches away

