
sick. Most of our large transports are used now in that service. If we are to embark from Yorktown or Fort Monroe we shall require many of those horse sailing vessels. The command is under orders to move at 2 to-day somewhere. If we are expected to arrive in time to beat back the rebels from the Potomac there should be great haste. You will recollect that it required six weeks' time to transport this army from Alexandria, where there were very excellent facilities. The batteries that went to Aquia recently were forty-eight hours in embarking, and we pushed them to the utmost. I refer to this merely to serve as some guide to your calculations. It is my duty and heartfelt wish to assist all in my power.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

HAXALL'S, August 11, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your note of this date received.* There are moments when the most decided action is necessary to save us from great disasters. I think such a moment has arrived.

The enemy before us is weak. A crushing blow by this army at this time would be invaluable to disconcert the troops of the enemy to the north of us. That blow can be made in forty-eight hours. Two corps would do it, and be in position to go wherever else they may be ordered by that time.

From all I can learn there are not 36,000 men between this and Richmond, nor do I believe they [can] get more before we can whip them. I have guides ready, and know the roads sufficiently well to accomplish anything the general wants.

I write this as a friend. I shall willingly carry out the general's orders, be they what they may, but I think he has an opportunity at this time few men ever attain.

Destroy this, and whatever I have said shall not be repeated by me.

Very truly, yours,

A. PLEASONTON.

HAXALL'S, August 11, 1862-8 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: It is just reported from the pickets that the enemy has been pounding and making a good deal of noise this afternoon at Turkey Bridge, creating the impression that they were rebuilding it. I have directed that they be strictly watched during the night and shall report anything that occurs. My two infantry regiments of the Irish Brigade are small, about 400 men each, but my position is very strong, and I will make them answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

24 R R-VOL XI, PT III

