
General Barnard, chief of my engineers, is decidedly in favor of this movement at this time.

Under these circumstances I consider it my duty to present the foregoing information, and for your consideration, as under existing orders I do not feel authorized to make the movement.

I shall continue to forward re-enforcements and sick as rapidly as transports arrive, and have given the necessary instructions to insure no delay in moving the army.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

BERKELEY, VA, August 12, 1862-7 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

One thousand and seven sick sent off to-day.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HAXALL'S, August 12, 1862-9.30 a.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-colonel commanding the two infantry regiments of the Irish Brigade reports to me this morning that he has not more than 650 in both regiments, each being about 300 strong. He also says that his men are without blankets, &amp;c., and are worn down with the duties they have lately performed. What these duties are I don't know, but I imagine they want to get away to Harrison's Landing.

I think it my duty to report this to you, for whatever men I have I want them good ones.

I am highly pleased with the conduct of my own brigade and that of the batteries, and should not like to do them the injustice of placing them with infantry that do not inspire confidence. If, therefore, any arrangements can be effected to relieve these regiments by better ones the service would be benefited.

I should like to be notified when the troops on my right are drawn in, that I may prevent being surprised on that side.

The enemy sent up four white rockets in quick succession last night about 11 p.m., and have been firing on my pickets pretty constantly without advancing. Two of my men were reported wounded yesterday evening.

Please send me two or three copies of the best map you have of the Peninsula. I wish to study the roads and make inquiries concerning them in case I should require the information en route to Yorktown, Fort Monroe, or Richmond.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HAXALL'S, August 12, 1862-7 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Pickets quiet to-day. A rebel officer came down to the

