
necessity of re-enforcing me promptly. At this post especially I must have another regiment, or the hospitals at Camp Hamilton cannot be properly guarded.

Begging your early attention to the subject, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HAXALL'S, August 13, 1862-6 a.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Last night the infantry pickets reported the enemy advancing with heavy artillery. I sent out to see, and found they had drawn up the sluice-gates at the mill pond, and that the water was flooding the country. I sent a party, closed down the gates, and examined the mills, where none of the enemy is to be found.

I was questioning a contraband a day or two ago about all the roads leading to Richmond from Malvern, and I judge they have obliged the darkey to communicate to them my questions. The darkey lives at the mill, and I did not want to remove him to excite suspicion.

The enemy have, no doubt, the idea we are about to advance on Richmond and endeavored to cut off the road by water. This I consider a sign of weakness on their part. I shall send scouts to-day to see if they are still on Malvern.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., August 14, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Berkeley, Va.:

Assistant Secretary Fox suggests that one of the large guns near Fort Monroe be put in battery at Newport News, so as to be in readiness for the new Merrimac. A telegram of last night from General Pope confirms former reports that the enemy was fairly repulsed at Cedar Mountain. He is probably waiting for re-enforcements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 14, 1862.

Colonel D. CAMPBELL, Williamsburg:

Establish your headquarters at Barhamsville or Roper's Church. Send two or three squadrons toward New Kent as far as Slater's house, and one or two squadrons from Barhamsville toward Eltham, about 3 or 4 miles out.

Send a squadron to Diascund Bridge, to communicate with Colonel Averell. Let all the squadrons you send out remain constantly on the alert at the positions assigned them until relieved. Should anything occur, that is, should the enemy be seen or heard of, communicate immediately

