
leading to Richmond, and that the only road they had open to Richmond at this time is the Middle road, which joins the Quaker road at the blacksmith shop.

I am inclined to believe that this is correct, and, if true, this will be the road upon which they may attempt to march upon us.

There are only two outlets for this road, one on the first Long Bridge road and the other the second Long Bridge road, that can lead to my rear. These two roads I am now guarding very carefully, and will obstruct them as soon as I receive orders to move.

Do me the favor to mention in my final instructions the particular routes the general desires me to pursue, that I may instruct my officers advisedly.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Will it be necessary for me to have guides?

I open this to say have just heard from my squadron on second Long Bridge road. It has been within 4 miles of the Chickahominy and heard nothing of the enemy, and is now stationed at Mr. Walker's, on that road.

A. P.

[AUGUST 15-SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.-For correspondence relating specially to transfer of troops from the Peninsula and not embraced in McClellan's general report, see Series I, Vol. XII, Part III.]

BARRETT'S FERRY, CHICKAHOMINY, August 17, 1862-2.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have had this morning a full conversation with General Burnside. To be perfectly frank with you, I must say that I did think from some of your recent telegrams that you were not disposed to treat me in a candid or friendly manner. This was the more grating to me because I was conscious that although I differed from you in opinion I had done so with entire frankness and loyalty, and that I had not delayed one moment in preparing to carry out your orders. I am glad to say that Burnside has satisfied me that you are still my fiend; in return I think he can satisfy you that I have loyally carried out your instructions, although my own judgment was not in accordance with yours.

Let the past take care of itself. So long as I remain in command of this army I will faithfully carry out the new programme.

I feel quite confident that I will have everything across the Chickahominy by daylight. If all is then quiet I will regard my command as reasonably safe, and will feel justified in moving it solely with reference to its speedy embarkation.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

