
other brigades ready in case steamers arrive. Five heavy batteries of reserve nearly embarked. Averell's regiment of cavalry has been off some hours. Regular cavalry begin to embark to-day.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Seminary, March 25, 1862-10.10 p. m.

Ho. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I send copies of dispatch received from General Smith and my consequent telegram to General Wool. There may be some good reason for General Wool's order, but I hope that no unnecessary delay will be permitted. One brigade only embarked to-day for want of transportation. Several reserve batteries and one regiment regular cavalry embarked to-day. To-morrow we shall do much better, as transports have been arriving this afternoon and evening.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Enclosures.]

FORT MONROE, March 25, 1862.

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Commanding:

General Wool last night ordered the quartermaster not to allow my troops to land here, but to send them all to Hampton. I have landed most of the troops here. The next division will have trouble. It will be a very slow business to land at Hampton many troops for several reasons, based upon the depth and width of the channel and one wharf.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Seminary, March 25, 1862-10 p. m.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe:

General Smith informs me that you have directed that no more troops be landed at Fort Monroe, but that they be sent to Hampton. I urgently request that no steps may be taken to retard the landing of troops, as it is a matter of the first importance to have the transports back here without an hour's unnecessary delay. Our success depends much upon rapidity now.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C.,

March 26, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: You have been informed from the Department that the expedition now in progress, under the direction of General McClellan, is regarded as of paramount importance and you have been desired to waive the exercise of your authority in his favor pending the expedi-

