
Peck's division, except Emory's brigade and one battery, to repair to Fort Monroe and report to you for duty.

The two companies of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, formerly with Smith's division, to rejoin their regiment at Williamsburg, and the regiment to be under the orders of the commander of the forces at Yorktown.

Five companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, now at Williamsburg, to repair to Suffolk and report to Brigadier-General Mansfield.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, August 23, 1862-12.20 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received your order to send home the three months' regiments, of which I have three, and put them en route two or three days before the expiration of their term. This is not possible now, as the term of one expires the day after to-morrow. The two others are at Suffolk. Their time expires next week.

General McClellan has placed other regiments at my disposal this morning to relieve them, but they are at Yorktown, and as the transportation is all engrossed in moving his army, there will be a delay of a few days.

The officers and men of these regiments are in debt at Suffolk and are anxious to pay, but they have no money. If they leave without paying it will be discreditable to them and the Government. They have received nothing. Cannot a paymaster be ordered here immediately to pay them before they leave?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Yorktown, Va., August 25, 1862.

TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Having given my opinion in favor of removing the army from Harrison's Landing when Your Excellency was at that place and afterward by letter, I did not learn that my views were in opposition to those of Major-General McClellan and of most, if not all, the corps commanders until quite recently. From that place something like 20 per centrum of our force were carried away sick in boats. Many who came by land were weak, and I am convinced, after many observations and inquiries, that if the army had remained through the sickly season, which was but just setting in when we left, by the middle of September not more than 10,000 well men would have remained in the Army of the Potomac. Our draught animals were suffering from heat, flies, and stamping almost as much as the men. It was therefore absolutely necessary to leave Harrison's Landing. I only regret the loss of a month. I strongly advocated a movement which should bring the whole of the

