
armor. Some will be sent you. I do not think she will enter York River and leave the Virginia in her rear.

Directions have been given in reference to the completion of the battery at Harden's Bluff, and General Huger's attention called to all the points referred to in Colonel Cabell's letter. It would be better in some respects if the battery formed past of your command, but its supporting force, &amp;c., must be drawn from the command of General Huger. I can learn nothing of "the two Mississippi companies promised," mentioned in your postscript to telegram of 17th.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, ASST. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Yorktown, Va.,

No. 163. March 19, 1862.

The following proclamation is published for the information of this army, and of all others concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

The President of the Confederate States having declared martial law in and over the counties of Elizabeth City, James City, York, Warwick, Gloucester, and Matthews, and the suspension of all civil jurisdiction therein, with certain enumerated exceptions, and Major-General Magruder, commanding the Army of the Peninsula, being charged with the due execution of said proclamation of martial law:

Now, therefore, all residents and sojourners within the counties aforesaid are hereby warned and notified of the said declaration of martial law, and will govern themselves accordingly. The following regulations of military discipline and police are established:

The distillation and sale, or either, of spirituous liquors of any kind is positively prohibited and will be promptly punished, and all establishments for the making or sale of the same are hereby suppressed.

All persons infringing or violating this prohibition will suffer such punishment as may be ordered by the sentence of court-martial or otherwise ordained by the military code.

Provost-marshals will be appointed at every post and camp in this department, who will be charged with the rigid enforcement of this order, and will institute strict search in order to the prompt detection, arrest, and punishment of all offenders.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR BETHEL, March 20, 1862.

General LEE, C. S. A.,

Commanding Army, &c.:

GENERAL: I am low down on the Warwick road [Langhorne's Mill] and at Bethel, with the greater portion of my command. The weather, which was fine when the troops marched, is now bad, and the roads, which were almost impracticable in my rear and were getting good, are now

