
and between those places; not less, I think, than 35,000 men. Should he advance now he would carry all the strong points, and re-enforcements would be too late. Ten thousand detached from the Army of the Potomac now would defeat him-20,000 later may not do it-as McClellan cannot move his army in the present state of the roads from before Washington; as I am informed he transfers it to where he can advance. Should these 10,000 be required afterward by the Army of the Potomac they could be sent back. Not they should be here.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA, Yorktown, March 24, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: The late Secretary of War, the Hon. J. P. Benjamin, stated in a letter some ten or twelve days since that he would send me and unarmed regiment of 1,000 men, which I could arm here, and I have been expecting them every day, but they have not arrived.

I have to report that I have not troops to man the works on the shortest line, that of Warwick River, and I hope this regiment, which of course is not drilled, may be sent to me without further delay.

I cannot bring into the field more than 6,000 men to meet some 30,000, leaving insufficient garrisons in the works, and have not more than 10,000 in all for duty in the Peninsula and at Gloucester Point.

We shall make a glorious fight doubtless, but it will avail us nothing if the enemy carry our works.

The Virginia has not made her appearance, and the enemy may take advantage of her absence, as the Monitor draws, it is reported, only 5 feet, whilst she draws 22 1/2 feet. The Virginia can therefore be easily eluded by the Monitor, and the latter pass up James River.

I would like to be informed when the Virginia will again come out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding Army, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say in reply to that portion of your telegram of yesterday which relates to the non-arrival of the re-enforcements promised you, that though the order for the movement of Colonel Thomas R. R. Cobb's Legion to the Peninsula was sent to Norfolk prior to that directing that General Howell Cobb's command. He instructs me to say, however, that orders have been issued for the Fourteenth Alabama Regiment, Colonel Judge, to proceed to join you in lieu of the Cobb Legion. The Twenty-sixth Alabama, Colonel

