
Smith, has been previously ordered to you, both being now in this city.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, VA., March 24, 1862.

Major General R. E. LEE,Commanding:

SIR: I telegraphed this morning to inform you that some twenty steamers, loaded with troops, came down the bay last evening. They brought large re-enforcements, and immediately commenced to disembark the troops.

Guarding the extent of country, front and rear, that I do, and divided as it is by rivers, I feel weak at all points, and cannot concentrate troops rapidly.

I omitted to mention that two light batteries accompanied the troops sent from Suffolk to Goldsborough, Captain McIntosh's battery [his was the eleventh company of the First South Carolina Regiment, Colonel Hamilton's] and a battery attached to General Howell Cobb's brigade. The field guns on the Roanoke were not reported to me, and I gave no orders about them.

Brigadier General Carter L. Stevenson has been ordered to Suffolk in command of Fourth Brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

HARWOOD'S, March 24, 1862.

Captain HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I inclose the above [following]. There is no doubt the enemy are here in force, and, though it may not be reasonable that they will tell their designs, yet they have not come for nothing. I shall hold everything ready to move on orders.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. WINSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

COTTAGE HOME, March 24, 1862.

SIR: The re-enforcements of the enemy that arrived at Old Point yesterday, and encamped in Sinclair's field and Dr. Ham's field, extend as far as the eye can observe toward Hampton. The force is immense-entirely out of my power to estimate. A lieutenant and 3 men have just left my house. I was informed by the lieutenant they are from Manassas, and intend an early advance up the Peninsula; at least such was the inference impressed upon my mind from his conversation. He remarked that the evacuation of Manassas only shifted the battle to this point, and that the people would suffer thereby.

In great haste and greater trouble, I am, yours, truly.

CHARLES COLLINS.

