
an advance of the forces of the enemy, said now to be assembled at Newport News and vicinity and Old Point.

L. McLAWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

YORKTOWN, March 25, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave urgently to request that you will order all the cavalry which can possibly be spared to this department. Cobb's Legion, which was promised to me, has been ordered to Goldsborough, and I am therefore most inadequately furnished with that arm of the service, and will be entirely overmastered by the enemy, who are said to have 1,600 well equipped.

The accounts of the very large forces at Old Point are corroborated this morning. Should they advance by the York road and attack Yorktown and Ship Point at the same time I could offer little or no resistance except on the Warwick River line, as I have not troops for the left flank below Yorktown, though it is admirably fortified.

Please do not delay in sending the re-enforcements, if it be possible. If the attack should be on Yorktown, the Virginia should by all means be made to pass Old Point and disperse the attacking fleet. If this is determined on, please let me know. She will thus gain a great and substantial victory. Urge this upon the Navy Department and the President.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., March 25, 1862.

General J. B. MAGRUDER, Yorktown:

We are making every possible exertion to re-enforce you. Two regiments of infantry and the cavalry of the Wise Legion have been ordered to you, and we will endeavor to send other forces.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 25, 1862.

General B. HUGER,

Commanding at Norfolk:

GENERAL: It seems certain from the reports received that the enemy is assembling in great force at Old Point Comfort. Whether he will move against Norfolk or Richmond nothing is yet disclosed. Should the former be his point of attack, re-enforcements from the Army of the Peninsula and from troops concentrating here will be dispatched to your support. You must therefore prepare to receive them and determine the points to which they will be directed. Watch vigilantly the movements of the enemy and endeavor to discover his plans. On the

