
routed, losing two guns, 350 killed, over 1,000 wounded, and some 300 prisoners. The rebels in full retreat. Banks in pursuit. Was last night 5 miles south of Strasburg. It is said that the rebels expect reenforcements near Mount Jackson to the amount of 30,000 men. This is not probable, but it will be well for you to keep well on the lookout in front and on your right, and be cautious, while vigorous. Please keep me fully informed as to state of affairs, and let me know be return messenger the last news you have from the enemy in your front.

I think cause of enemy's return toward Winchester was false intelligence he had used to the effect that we had abandoned Winchester. Report to me fully the state of affairs from Warrenton Junction, that I may be able to judge whether your main body should advance beyond that point or not. It is important to know whether the rebels burn the Rappahannock Bridge.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 110. Camp near Alex. Seminary, Va., March 26, 1862.

I. The duties of the chiefs of artillery and cavalry are exclusively administrative, and these officers will be attached to the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac.

They will be required to inspect the artillery and cavalry whenever it may be necessary, and will be responsible that they are properly equipped and supplied.

They will not exercise command of the troops of their arms unless specially ordered by the commanding general, but they will, when practicable, be selected to communicate the orders of the general to their respective corps.

All requisitions for officers and men and for supplies for the artillery and cavalry, other than the regular supplies furnished by the staff departments on ordinary returns, will be sent to the chiefs artillery and cavalry; to whom will also be rendered, in addition to those made to General Headquarters and division commanders, such reports of artillery and cavalry practice, marches, actions, and other operations pertaining to these arms as may be necessary to enable them to judge of the efficiency both of men and material

II. Officers of the staff at any headquarters may correspond direct with officers of their department or corps serving at subordinate headquarters, and give them, in all matters of routine or administration, all orders and instructions, and call for such returns and reports as the good of the service may require; but they will in no case give any order or instructions which will cause interference with another staff department or corps, or will in any way interfere with the duty of the office with the commander on whose staff he may be serving. When any such order is thought to be necessary application must be made by the staff officer to the assistant adjutant-general or other officer in charge of the department of orders and correspondence.

III. The Provost-Marshal-General has authority to grant passes within the lines of this army.

IV. Paragraph XI, of General Orders, Numbers 102, current series, so far as relates to the flags designative of the Third and Fourth Army corps, is modified as follows:

This Army Corps: National flag with a small square red and blue [instead of blue and red] flag, vertical, beneath.

