
ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., March 26, 1862.

Captain TAYLOR, Aide-de-Camp:

The following is a statement of the means of transportation on James River:

Steamer Northhampton; capacity, 800 men and baggage.

Steamer Shultz; capacity, 400 men and baggage.

Steamer Junaluska, tug.

Steamer David Currie, tug.

Schooner North Wind; capacity, 300 men and baggage.

Schooner Delaphine Hubert; capacity, 300 men and baggage.

Schooner James Buchanan; capacity, 300 men and baggage.

Schooner Rebecca; capacity, 300 men and baggage.

Ark Dick Bownee; capacity, 500 men and baggage.

Ark Baty; capacity, 400 men and baggage.

Total 3,300.

Also lighters and barges, which, carrying baggage, will increase the capacity of the vessels to carry troops 25 per cent.

The private steamer West Point, capacity 800 men, is undergoing repairs, and cannot be chartered until, say, Thursday.

All these vessels are directed to be held ready for immediate use. Captain Kensey Johns, acting quartermaster, is specially in charge of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Acting Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 26, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say, in relation to that portion of your letter of the 24th instant concerning the removal of the two light batteries with the troops sent from your command to North Carolina, that there are in camp near this city several artillery companies awaiting to be furnished with guns; that he has done all in his power to hasten their equipment, and that when ready, unless there is a more urgent demand for them elsewhere, one or more will be sent to replace those taken from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Rapidan, March 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday, communicating the President's instructions to me to hold the troops of this army in readiness to march and asking what force I can bring to the Peninsula or Norfolk, is just received.

The force here, excluding arrivals of men returned from furlough

