
MARCH 28-7 a.m.

I inclose reports from Brigadier-General Stuart on the subject.

The letter from General Jackson was received this morning.*

We cannot win without concentrating. Should my suggestion be approved say so by telegraph, and the movement will be made with all expedition from Fredericksburg and this place.

J. E. J.

The troops ordered to Richmond are Early's division and Toombs' brigade; their artillery, four batteries, are ordered to march.

J. E. J.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, March 27, 1862-4 p.m.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: The enemy's column has been in motion since 12, but at five minutes past 2 had not crossed the run near Warrenton Junction. They have baggage, say 450 wagons; scarcely any cavalry visible then. They are spreading about on Cedar Run to find fords. Colonel Jones says, "Undoubtedly they are in strong force." They have not yet left the railroad far, and so far as movements now indicate they are marching along the general direction of the railroad. Radford has been ordered to retire by way of Warrenton Springs, burning bridges, and to halt on the south bank Rappahannock. The direction of this movement is not and will not be fully developed till they cross Cedar Run and have proceeded 3 miles this side. Their progress must be very slow.

In haste,J. E. B. STUART.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS, Bealeton-4.15 p.m.

DEAR GENERAL: I did not ask for another regiment. I think I have enough to make a graceful retreat; also two mountain howitzers, which I may send back this evening. The order referred to was, I think, for you to move toward Fredericksburg. A drummer-boy just caught, who is very communicative. He says Sumner's corps is in force in front of us, and that this corps and Banks' are to form a junction at and march on Gordonsville. He says they have three batteries of artillery. He says Sumner has four divisions-Heintzelman's, Blenker's, Richardson's, and ---'s, three brigades to a division. He says McClellan is still at Fairfax, with heavy reserves of artillery and troops, "waiting to see where we are going to make a stand."

Please send this on to General Johnston. He also says that there is talk of McDowell going to the West and that Burnside has had re-enforcements.

[Not signed.]

[Inclosure No. 3.]

HEADQUARTERS,Bealton, March 27,[1862]-8.30 p.m.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: The enemy has camped at Warrenton Junction. He made a great to-do crossing and recrossing Cedar Run, firing artillery at a

---------------

*Of March 27. It will be printed in Series I, Vol. XII, Part III.

---------------

