
few vedettes, and the like, and has actually made 3 miles with his advance guard. I begin to think this is a mere demonstration, but when I receive Colonel Jones' report I may be able to tell, and better to-morrow. To-night I send around toward the enemy's rear of find out, if possible, the real force. They have a great number of wagons.

Colonel Jones' has arrived, but brings nothing but confirmation of previous reports. He says the enemy seemed disposed to make a display, and marched so as to give him a review of 10,000 men at least. The circumstances of the drummer's arrest, since brought to light, throw some suspicion on his information, and it ought therefore to be received with allowance. He may have been sent over to humbug us. I heard from Warrenton this evening, and from Colonel Munford also. He writes from Middleburg. I inclose this letter. He is doing admirable service there.

The dispatches I have heretofore sent started in ample time to reach you before 10 p.m. I would be glad if you would give orders not to have my dispatches delivered to you till morning, as messengers are too uncertain for me to make the calculation at this distance.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

NEAR MIDDLEBURG, March 27, 1862.

Brigadier General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy are making another march and in a different direction. I saw a gentleman yesterday morning who had been in the enemy's camp, and reported that they had moved up very hurriedly toward Snickersville, but they have countermarched, and are now making for Aldie. I saw their trains yesterday evening, and last night took 30 men and scouted over near them-Union-where I captured the prisoner I send you. He was dressed in citizen's clothes, had hid his uniform, Enfield rifle, &amp;c., and was tampering with the negroes. I will send you the man to-day at whose house he was staying. I hope he will be treated as a spy. They are about 7,000 strong and have in immense train. I understand twenty of their wagons are loaded with ammunition. The scamp Geary commands the advance. General Abercrombie's brigade at Mountville, and it is reported that Banks is there with him. I will endeavor to find something definite of their destination to-day. They deceived me yesterday or I could have burnt Carter's Bridge. Their advance guard had not been there an hour before we were at or in sight of the bridge.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment Second Virginia Cavalry.

RAPIDAN, March 28, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

It is necessary to move public property from Gordonsville. The commissary-general forbids our sending it to Richmond. Where shall it go?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

