
one German regiment of Blenker's. As those in our front are Blenker's, I infer the same division is scattered along this line. I have been hoping for your return with the view to fall upon this Dutch division with 15,000 men and crush it, to do which we could afford to wade and ford all the streams interfering. The steamers, according to Mr. White, make a round trip in sixty hours. He is certain of that, because he says he knows the vessels. He says their main force is going by water to some point down the river. The enemy in our front is tinkering at the bridges, but we get some every day; caught 8 cavalry yesterday. Munford is doing excellent service about The Plains, where he reports Geary with 1,300. One of my cavalry captured 5 Massachusetts infantry with Enfield rifles.

Munford says there is no movement from Banks' column this way; that Abercrombie's brigade was near Union. Please do something for filling up my brigade. I send this by Daingerfield Lewis, as special bearer of dispatches.

General Ewell, to whom I have shown the foregoing and who concurs in the belief that there is an opportunity for a blow, suggests to me to add that the prisoners taken talk very freely that the object of the late demonstration here was to make us destroy the bridges, and that a few bridges materials, such as rope and tar, would made the movement easy. The value to us of such a blow you know, but it is for you to judge of its propriety and feasibility, because you can look at the matter from a higher stand-point than the banks of the Rappahannock.

The information may serve you, however, in other connections.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Lee's Farm, April 2, 1862-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier General R. E. COLSTON,

Commanding First Brigade, Department of Norfolk, Smithfield:

SIR: General Magruder directs me to request you to send the steamer Allison, with any other transportation you may have, to Grove's Wharf as speedily as possible, to convey back to you the two regiments under Colonel R. A. Pryor. The present indications are that these troops will be needed on your side, and General Magruder is therefore ordered to send them to their former position. There is no transportation now on this side.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-OFFICER'S OFFICE,

Dock-Yark, Gosport, Va., April 3, 1862.

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

SIR: I had the honor to receive your telegram of the 2nd last night at a late hour.

General Huger and myself have conferred together upon the subject of obstructing Elizabeth River, and have agreed upon the point to be

