
guns were ordered some time since for a battery in the vicinity of Old Fort Powhatan. Do you wish them sent to Harden's Bluff or Mulberry Island Point, or reserved for a position higher up the river?

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau.

[Indorsement.
I do not know the condition of Fort Powhatan. It ought to be armed and river barricaded at once. If guns at present are more wanted at Harden's or Mulberry Island, or if they will be more available there now than at Fort Powhatan, send them.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 3, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 1st instant,* relative to the assistance which might be rendered you by the steamer Teazer, &c., and am directed by the general commanding to say that he had referred the same to the honorable Secretary of the Navy, with the request that orders be given the commanders of the gunboats in the James River to communicate to you, through the officer in charge at Mulberry Island, information of the enemy's movements in the river, to disperse and destroy their transports, and to co-operate with the batteries on the river generally in its defense.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 3, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding Department, Yorktown:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that report has reached him that the batteries at Gloucester Point are not in a good condition, the men not well drilled, &c.; that the men were in consequence a little discouraged, and the citizens in that locality not as confident as would be desirable of their capabilities of defense, &c.

Though very much questioning the accuracy and truthfulness of this information, he deems the matter of such great importance that he wishes at least that you should know of and have your attention called to the matter, confident that you will remedy any existing defects.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

