
A telegraph station at the Hanover Junction, by which we could communicate from the Rapidan to this place without depending upon Richmond, would greatly facilitate our intercourse. I beg that it may be established without delay.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

FROM RICHMOND, April 4, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

The movement of the troops directed from your line must immediately be made to this place. Enemy advancing in force from Old Point.

By order of the President:

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 4, 1862-2 a.m.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general temporarily commanding the army directs that your order Brigadier-General Griffith to move his brigade by railway to Richmond as rapidly as possible. Major Barbour, chief quartermaster, is directed to furnish the necessary transportation, and the brigade will move as soon as it is ready.

I am further instructed to direct that you yourself proceed to Richmond for orders.

I am, general, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., April 4, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: There are now mounted on the approaches to Norfolk seventeen 9-inch guns, viz: At Sewell's Point, seven; at Craney Island, seven; at Fort Norfolk, three. By replacing any of these by 32-pounders these guns can be removed; for most of these guns barbette carriages have been constructed, and these carriages would be useless for 32-pounders.

As regards furnishing mechanics to work for Navy Department, I referred an application of the commandant of navy-yard to Secretary of War on 29th of March, and recommended such mechanics as were necessary should be discharged from the army for carrying on the work required. I inclose you a copy of that letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

