HEADQUARTERS,Lee's Farm, April 4, 1862-12 at night.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I think our only chance of ultimate success is by uniting Huger's army, mine, and all floating forces at once with General J. E. Johnston's army, and beating McClellan's army of the Potomac-say, if we can get together 70,000 men, we might accomplish this and return to defend Richmond in time to save it. The Virginia might he stationed in the mean time on the outside of Fort Monroe to prevent further re-enforcements to the army there, and their advance might be retarded by some 2,000 men left here, the pickets remaining the same, and the movement masked by interrupting all communications, stopping the postal channels, and putting the newspapers on a false scent or suppressing them. If we wait until his armies unite at Richmond, we cannot of course resist them together when we could not conquer one separately, and when thus united they could follow us anywhere, and defeat us more easily than any one of their armies could do it. This course has been pursued before with success; why not now?

Drop me a line.

In haste, yours, very truly,

J. BANHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Lee's Farm, April 5, 1862.

General LEE,

Richmond:

The enemy's pickets advanced in sight of Yorktown, but it is now raining,and I think there will be no attack to-day.

I have made my arrangements to fight with my small force, but without the slightest hope of success.

If I am re-enforced in time with 10,000 men I think I can block the way to Richmond.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 5, 1862.

Colonel T. G. HUNT,

Mulberry Point:

SIR: I am instructed by the commanding general to direct you to occupy the works at Minor's farm with all your force, including artillery.

The horses of Captain Young's battery will be returned immediately.

It is highly important to hold these works as long as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[HENRY BRYAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

