
Early in March Major-General Holmes requested me to prepare some vessels as obstructions for the Rappahannock River, and I have now four ready, loaded with stones, and anchored 6 miles below this place. They will effectually block up the channel at the point where they are, but at a point lower down the river can be as well obstructed and well defended by riflemen from the high banks. I think if this point was defended the vessels had best be placed there. One or two more would then be required to fill up the channel.

I would call your attention to a Baltimore schooner, recently arrived from that place, with an assorted cargo, owned by Messrs. Dubbin &amp; Pennyman, who came over in her. I directed them to report to the Secretary of the Treasury, which they did, and a custom-house officer was placed on board. I should be pleased to know if this vessels has authority to leave our waters, as she is still in the river, and some doubts have arisen as to the reliability of the master of her.

I have the pleasure to inform you that this vessels has been most usefully employed in her various duties, and every facility given me by the officers of the Army in prosecuting them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

H. H. LEWIS,

Lieutenant, Commanding, C. S. Navy.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA, April 6, 1862-2 a.m.

Colonel G. T. WARD:

SIR: I am instructed by the commanding general to direct you to have all the batteries supplied with canister, and Richardson's battery with grape as well as canister.

This must be your main dependence in case the enemy tries to assault you with heavy columns, which the commanding general thinks he will attempt.

I am, sir, &c.,HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JAMESTOWN ISLAND, April 6, 1862.

Colonel EWELL,

Commanding Post at Williamsburg:

DEAR SIR: Upon examination I find that we have only cartridges enough to issue 15 rounds to each man. Some 1,000 of those on hand are damaged to such and extent that they are wholly unfit for use. I wish you would send me 4,000, if you can possibly do so.

Yours, respectfully,

J. R. C. LEWIS,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 6, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Williamsburg:

All troops arriving at Bigler's Mill will be ordered to Lebanon Church to await orders. The troops will press on without delay, sending

