
Neck batteries, might be dispensed with and the main defense made at Town Point or any other position you may select. Of course the guns should not be removed from their present positions until the works are ready to receive them at the new position selected. My information on the subject is so meager that I do not pretend to advise, nor even to suggest, but merely to call the matter to your personal attention.

It would be a relief to know your views on the subject, your plans, and how far they have been carried out; for without such knowledge I can neither satisfy my own mind nor answer the numerous questions propounded to me.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Richmond:

GENERAL: The regiments arriving to re-enforce me come without transportation. I am short of transportation, and have already requested additional wagons and teams to be sent to me.

I beg you to call the attention of the Secretary of War to the fact that the Quartermaster-General is detaining in Richmond the transportation of the regiments sent to aid me, and to request him to order that the transportation belonging to these regiments should be sent here, and in the mean time to send me the wagons and teams I solicited some time ago.

I am also short of horses for the artillery. I made a requisition some time ago, and it was neither filled nor noticed.

I beg to earnestly call your attention to this fact. This deficiency is serious,and its being provided for is an absolute necessity.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 7, 1862.

General WILCOX:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to say that Colonel Seibels' Sixth Alabama Regiment is now in Yorktown awaiting orders. You will therefore order them to Colonel Ward's position, and such other troops as may have arrived at Yorktown you will place in position upon your line at such points as you may think most necessary, there to await further orders.

Brigadier-General Rodes will report to you to-day. You will assign his brigade to position. The Sixth Alabama, Colonel Seibels, is part of his command.

Look particularly and carefully to the upper dam, between Ward's and Winston's position, and report your views in regard to the line as well as what is taking place thereon.

