
General Rodes, with the larger part of his command, will join you from this direction.

By order of Major-General Magruder:

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General WILCOX,

Commanding Third Division, Wynn's Mill:

SIR: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that should we be forced to retire it is necessary that Yorktown should be re-enforced under any circumstances with at least two regiments, and he designates the Twenty-sixth Alabama, Colonel O'Neal, and Forty-sixth Virginia, Colonel Richardson, as those which, if practicable, should be thrown into the garrison of Yorktown in the event of such retirements.

He therefore wishes that you should, circumstances permitting, so place these regiments that they may be certainly thrown into Yorktown when needed. This must be done if possible in the above contingency, and two regiments under any circumstances must be added to the garrison if we fall back, whether the above-named regiments can be thrown into it or not.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Owing to the pressure on this side Brigadier-General Rodes' brigade will be held in reserve in the apple orchard near Dam No. 2, under General McLaws' command, for the present. He will come to your help if needed when informed by you.

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 7, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Commanding, Williamsburg:

COLONEL: I am directed by the commanding general to direct you to have piled on King's Mill Wharf, at different places, light-wood and other inflammable material, to which you will set fire as soon as you perceive that the enemy's boats have passed Harden's Bluff and Mulberry Point batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. DOUGLAS,

Engineer-in-Chief and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DISTRICT,Fredericksburg, April 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, Richmond:

GENERAL: Herewith is inclosed a statement made by the Rev. Mr.

