HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General EARLY,

Commanding Third Division:

SIR: I am instructed by the commanding general to say that he considers the upper dam of Wynn's Mill (now in charge of Colonel Mott's Nineteenth Mississippi) and the woods to the left of it not sufficiently protected.

He desires that General Colston's brigade should strengthen this position, and that General Colston be placed in charge of this upper dam and the woods on the left until the left of his troops shall meet the right of General Rodes' command. One of his regiments must be held in readiness to support the works of Wynn's Mill whenever required by General Wilcox.

General Colston will be under the command of General Wilcox, as the ranking officer of the position, but General Colston may report direct to you in all matters not affecting the arrangements of troops and defense of the particular position assigned him, sending copies to General Wilcox.

In expressing these desires of the commanding general I am instructed to authorize you to place this brigade wherever you think it most needed on your line, reporting your action to these headquarters.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT IN THE FIELD,Lee's Farm, April 14, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Commanding, Williamsburg:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request you to report regularly and at short intervals the progress of the works around Williamsburg, and also to state the nature and the number of the guns in position at Spratley's at this time.

The commanding general hopes that you will push forward as much as possible the defenses of those two places, as forming a second line of defense for the Peninsula, completing the works at Williamsburg first.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. M. STANARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 14, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the enemy's shipping shelled Yorktown this evening at a distance of about 2 miles from the fort. They also turned their attention for several hours to a point below Gloucester Point, and after shelling for some tine sent out small boats for the purpose apparently of taking soundings. A landing there seems to be contemplated by them. They threw a number of shell from a battery erected in front and to the left of Wynn's Mill (which battery is about the same distance from Wynn's Mill and Yorktown) over Yorktown and into Wynn's Mill last night.

