
This evening they have been shelling Wynn's Mill continually for about five hours, with intervals of about six or seven minutes between the shots. No casualties have yet occurred. We have replied very seldom from Wynn's Mill. Our rifle battery, however, delivered beautiful shots at the enemy's shipping.

The 24-pounder recently sent me proved utterly worthless, bursting this evening with the usual charge, fortunately hurting no one.

In consequence of the scarcity of guns, I have been compelled to take six guns from the water side and place them on the land side. Five of these were 8-inch shell guns-one 42-pounder.

Please direct Colonel Gorgas to send me, via York River, an equal number of the same description for the water batteries, with full supply of ammunition.

I am in great want of guns, and desire that you will have them sent to me at once. I am very scarce of ammunition for the rifle 32-pounder, our main dependence. Please direct that a full supply of ammunition be at once sent.

I require disk shell for 32-pounder rifle. Please order them sent. This 32 rifled battery is a great protection, and it keeps the gunboat out of range of the other batteries or coming sufficiently close to do great harm.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOOMBS,

Curtis' Farm:

SIR: Your note to hand reporting arrival of Eighth, Ninth, and Eleventh Georgia Regiments; also probable arrival of two more.

I am instructed by the commanding general to say that you will direct the last two regiments to remain at King's Mill Wharf until further orders, drawing their supplies from Williamsburg, and that you will order all unnecessary baggage of your command to be left at King's Mill Wharf, bringing forward only that that is necessary to keep your forces in an effective condition.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., April 15, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

DEAR SIR: As nothing can be procured here without personal attention, I have sent my quartermaster up to get 2,000 tents. The army is diminishing most fearfully by sickness from fatigue, exposure, and stampedes.

The enemy has sent up two gunboats, which have been bombarding

