
to Charles City Court-House. Please send some one to Charles City Court-House, with instructions to act as a guide, and render assistance to enable them to procure forage, if any is received by them from that country in the vicinity of Charles City Court-House. He will guide them to Williamsburg when they arrive, unless their orders require a different route.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEE'S FARM, April 16, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Virginia again gone into dock. Please hurry her out as soon as possible, particularly as the Patrick Henry and Jamestown, as well as Teazer, are absolutely needed at Mulberry Island to render the works at that place secure and protect my right flank. Please send them up as soon as the Virginia comes out. Quite certain that enemy is preparing to cross Warwick River below Minor's; in which case, without assistance of these vessels, we will be forced to abandon our works on Mulberry Island. Let the Virginia come out and destroy the enemy's ships in York River, take permanent position outside of Old Point Comfort, and if sufficient re-enforcements are sent to crush the enemy McClellan and his army will be in a critical situation.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.

LEE'S FARM, April 16, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Please inform me if my recommendation that two of the tugs on James River be armed and sent to co-operate with the Teazer to prevent the enemy crossing Warwick River has been acted upon. Also if the Patrick Henry and Jamestown are to come back, as they should do, up James River, and how long the Virginia will remain in dock. The Patrick Henry and Jamestown should certainly have been sent before this; they can be of great use here, and none below. The continued absence of the Virginia will be fatal to Richmond, as both my flanks will then be exposed. Any movement of the Virginia should be made known here by the authorities from Richmond, as a movement good in her presence might be fatal in her absence. Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOOMBS,

Commanding Division:

SIR: Major-General Magruder, finding that the First Georgia Regulars, Colonel Magill, are in position at Dam No. 1, directs that they

