
remain at that position to support Colonel Levy, Second Louisiana. The remainder of your First Brigade you will march to Dam No. 1 an hour before daylight to-morrow, and put them there in the trenches between Dams Nos.1 and 2. You will be in command, and will consult with General Cobb, who is acquainted with the position.

General Cobb will of course be under your command.

Order your men to bring their blankets, knapsacks, and their haversacks filled with provisions.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Lee's Farm, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General WILCOX:

I am instructed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your communication inclosing one from Colonel Winston.* Owing to the demoralized condition of the negroes it is impossible to get them to work where firing is going on.

Your communication was only received at past midnight, and the slaves could not reach Wynn's Mill and commence work before daylight. They will be sent to-morrow night, but in the mean time your men must earnestly continue the work.

General Hill's orders concerning traverses to protect the artillery must be carried into effect after the works are completed for the protection of the men. The Sixth Alabama reported to you by mistake. You will order it back to General Rodes, to take up their former position. If you require re-enforcements you will call on General Cobb for a portion of his reserve, or on General Toombs, if he is in command.

The pulling down of the houses may be delayed under the pressing necessity of completing the works.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA,Lee's Farm, April 17, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Commanding at Williamsburg:

COLONEL: You are directed to keep Major-General Longstreet and Major-General Magruder advised, at Lee's House, of the approach to Williamsburg by land of General Smith's and General Anderson's brigades by sending couriers beyond Williamsburg. They are marching by land from Richmond. It is very desirable to have some troops in the works at Williamsburg. Suggest this to General Smith, who will leave enough troops to defend the works there.

Colonel Ewell will retain the four 12-pounders, and put them in position with their ammunition and men to serve them.

General Smith will examine the works at Williamsburg and place as many men in the them as he may deem sufficient to hold the place in case we should fall back upon them.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

