
on the way to the Peninsula with the ordnance train of General Johnston, and as soon they arrive can be turned over under the order of that officer to General Wilcox. The train is expected to reach this place to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 17, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of April 14 is received. Colonel Gorgas reports that there were forwarded to you the 16th instant five 8-inch columbiads, with barbette carriages; 60 rounds canister; 20 rounds grape; 15 rounds each of shot and shell; 110 rounds of powder; one 4.62-inch rifled siege gun, with carriage and limber; 100 copper disk shells for same; 100 cartridge bags; 100 shells for rifled 32-pounder gun (navy); 20 8-inch incendiary shells.

Colonel Gorgas further reports that he is making, with all dispatch, 100 additional shells for rifled 32-pounders, and that they will probably be sent to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

APRIL 18, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

The requisitions are sent through you, in the hope that matters may be expedited.*

* * * * * * *

The enemy has felt our strength at various points, principally about the dams. He keeps up an incessant roar of artillery day and night. Our men are very careless and occasionally get hit; but it is astonishing how few have been struck. Shell and ball fall in their camps and even in their cabins without hurting them. We have lost altogether 120 killed and wounded. You know that cannon-shot wounds are generally fatal.

Pierson keeps the Yankee boats at a respectable distance. We would be terribly annoyed but for his battery, and he ought to be supplied liberally with ammunition. The game of the enemy is to get our supplies exhausted by taunting us into firing at him. I find it difficult to restrain the artillery and still more difficult to restrain the infantry. Donelson fell from want of ammunition more than from any other cause.

A few 13-inch mortars would be of great service to us, but the pressing want is infantry. Until we have force enough to make sorties, we have to submit to the pelting of the long-range artillery of the enemy without making a reply.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL.

---------------

*Some personal matter omitted.

---------------

