
miles, you hesitated at no marches or vigils, by night or by day, and you shrank from no encounter, however unequal, which your general asked at your hands. And now, when you have fulfilled our whole mission, when you have checked the advance of an exultant enemy until a breathing spell of countless value to our country could be obtained, during which adequate preparations have been made to meet our foe upon any field he may choose, you can with pride turn over to your gallant and patriotic comrades the position which you have firmly held and protected against such terrible odds, and gladly share with them the duty of guarding this road to the capital of the Confederacy, the arduous labors of which had become too great for the unaided efforts of our little band.

Everything looks bright. We have a gallant army, led by a general whose courage and skill approve him worthy of the universal confidence in which he is held, and the major-general late commanding feels every assurance that in the great drama about to be enacted on this Peninsula the soldiers of that little army which he so long had the honor to command will prove themselves worthy comrades of those gallant warriors who have made the names of Manassas and Leesburg illustrious in Southern history.

By the new arrangements which the exigencies of the service require the late major-general commanding finds himself separated from a portion of the old Army of the Peninsula. How painful this separation is to him he will not venture to express, but he begs to assure them that his heart will follow them in the perils of the coming conflict though it be not his fortune to lead them, and he feels confident that their courage and gallantry will win the esteem and affection of their new general, as it has already done that of their old commander.

To those of his ancient comrades who still remain under his command he can only express the hope that the future, like the past, will only strengthen those kindly ties which unite soldiers in arms for the service of their country.

Comrades, the hour of the decision of our liberties is approaching and during its eventful minutes let no man rest satisfied with the performance of his duty, for our country demands of each of us that he do more.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.

FLAG-SHIP VIRGINIA, Norfolk, April 19, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY:

SIR: As the army of the enemy on the Peninsula has commenced operations on General Magruder's front I have thought it advisable to send an additional naval force into the James River, thinking that it may render service on the general's flank. I therefore, last evening, dispatched the Jamestown, Lieutenant Commanding Barney, and the Raleigh, Lieutenant Commanding Alexander, into the James River, and I have reason to believe that they passed the batteries at Newport News in the night.

I send you herewith a copy of my orders to Lieutenant Commanding Barney.

Things remain in the same condition at Fort Monroe. The enemy's vessels are either directly under the guns of or below the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH TATNALL,

Flag-Officer, Commanding.

29 R R-VOL XI, PT III

