HDQRS. RIGHT FLANK, DEPT. OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 19, 1862.

Major-General HILL,Commanding,&amp;c., Yorktown:

GENERAL: I send you by train at 6 p.m. two 32-pounders, forty-five hundredweight, and I beg that you will send Richardson's battery of two light 32-pounders, which is now at Redoubt No. 4, to me. The enemy is expected to open a heavy fire to-morrow, and I request that Richardson's battery be sent to-night to Brigadier-General Toombs at No. 1, to be placed in position there.

I expect to be able to send a 10-inch columbia to Yorktown in a few days I will send to Yorktown by the first opportunity.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Lee's Farm, April 20, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL,Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of this morning.*

The 32-pounder guns were delayed by the overturning of a wagon in the road last evening, and it was thought imprudent to send on the guns in the darkness. They ought to reach you this morning. Platforms are prepared for Richardson's guns at Dam No. 1, and one is to be placed in a position which it is hoped will enfilade the enemy's batteries. No magazines are made for these guns, which I have always moved easily from point to point, which ammunition attached to the battery. I request that you will strengthen Richardson's battery by a detail in charge of a lieutenant from De Gournay's battery.

It is absolutely necessary to oppose heavier guns to the large batteries erected there at Dam Numbers - by the enemy, or there will be done consequence - defeat.

I think Wynn's Mill requires a heavy gun, and have directed my engineers to prepare a platform for an 8-inch columbiad there. Let Captain Richardson halt his pieces some distance before reaching Dam No. 1 and go forward and report in person to General Semmes; the pieces to be placed, one in front and one at the enfilading battery. This had better be done at dark. Captain Richardson must see whether the platforms are ready and large enough. Addition of earth or poles might make them answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 20, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I beg leave to make the following explanation of my reasons

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

