
for desiring to exchange the 32-pounder I have for those you have:

1st. These I have are on ship carriages, consequently unfit for field services; heavier and of longer range than those you have.

2nd. Those you have are on wheels, and have been taken by me about on the Peninsula. I think the lighter guns on wheels better for the field, and long-range, heavier guns for your purposes.

Do you, after this explanation, still decline to exchange?

To save time please send a telegraph by way of Eagle's. At all events answer at once.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 21, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 20th* instant, giving the result of your examination of the lines occupied by your army. I regret the defects they exhibit, and trust it may be in your power to remedy them or to assume a position better calculated for your purpose.

Having no knowledge of their character or condition except from report I can offer no suggestions for their improvement, but should be glad to receive your views as to what can best be done under all the circumstances that surround your position, that I may lay them before the President.

The Virginia has not been returned to dock, I am informed, since hear last visit to Hampton Roads, but is at the navy-yard having her port shutters adjusted in their places. She is ready for service at any moment. Her commander is Flag-Officer Tatnall. The steamers Patrick Henry, Jamestown, Beaufort, Raleigh, and Teazer, under command of Captain Tucker, are in the mouth of James River.

I have written to-night, that my letter may be ready for your courier in the morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 21, 1862.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the situation of affairs at Dam No. 1.

The enemy have erected in front of that dam three batteries, with embrasures, mounting fourteen guns, all of which, as far as we know, are rifled and of heavier caliber than any we have in position. It is my opinion, from all the surrounding facts, that the enemy propose a serious

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

