
Confederacy will cease to exist. I saw an article in the Herald the other day boasting of the greater concentration of their forces.

As the defense of our position is now concerned we are immeasurably the losers. The enemy keeps beyond the range of our guns and pelts us all day long. It is true that but few are killed daily, but our men are kept in the wet trenches and are harassed day and night. Disease will destroy a hundred fold more [than] the Yankee artillery. Protected by these guns, however, he can retire to his comfortable tents and fires, while our poor fellows are in the went and cold. This is a sad but true picture of our situation. Would that had force enough to end this state of things by a fair, open field fight. This is our only hope.

Excuse the freedom of an old acquaintance. If intrusive, I hope that my deep interest in our common cause will be my excuse.

Truly, yours,

D. H. HILL.

RICHMOND, April 21, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

A good brigade necessary for the defense of Richmond. Send one as soon as possible. Enemy preparing to advance from Fredericksburg.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. GORGAS,Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army:

COLONEL: Your letter of this date is received. I desire the 10-inch columbia, with barbette carriage, to be sent to Drewry's Bluff; the 8-inch columbia, with barbetter carriages, to be sent to General Beauregard.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Lee's Farm, April 22, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Major General D. H. Hill, Commanding at Yorktown, reports that the enemy used signal lights across the river and fired signal guns last night. He thinks that this may indicate a dash at Richmond from West Point or Urbana, and suggests that the North Carolina army be brought to that place. The report from Norfolk that ten steam transports left For Monroe with troops the day before is more indicative of such a move.

I have heard neither from Jackson nor Field. Ewell's last letter, dated 18th, informed me that he was hourly expecting a summons to Jackson's aid. Stationed here, I can obtain no information except from or through Richmond. Should the enemy's movements on the north or south of you require the withdrawal of these troops you will have to give me notice.

Labor enough has been expended here to make a very strong position, but it has been wretchedly misapplied by the young engineer officers.

