
with the utmost promptness. As little public property as possible should be left to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 27, 1862.

Captain J. R. TUCKER, C. S. N.,Mulberry Point:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say to you that information has been received at these headquarters that the Teazer reports the enemy in large force at the mouth of the Warwick River, and that is the wish of General Johnston that you should send a light-draught steamer to the mouth of the Warwick River to observe and oppose the passage of the enemy over the river.

I have the honor to be, captain, yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

SALUDA, April 27, 1862-5 p.m.

Colonel CHARLES A. CRUMP,

Commanding Forces at Gloucester Point:

I have just received intelligence from a reliable source that there are nine steamers in the Piankitank, about the mouth, which were stationary, and four or five barges had left them full of armed men proceeding up the river, and when last seen were above Dr. Taylor's, about 10 miles from the mouth.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. OLIVER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Picket.

P. S.-I have hardly enough men to attend to the Rappahannock, or I would send down a picket.
HEADQUARTERS, Lee's House, April 28, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have this evening suggested to you by telegraph to order the immediate enrollment of all men here of volunteer regiments whose terms of service expired before the 16th April; otherwise we shall lost, it is said by their-superior officers, nearly all the South Carolinians and others. These troops were reorganizing when your official opinion that they are entitled to discharge was communicated to them by Lieutenant-Colonel Baxter. I suggested the transmission of the order by telegraph.

Without the retaining in service all the troops now here it will be impossible to retain this position, now too extensive for the strength of the army.

