
Unless you can retain the troops in service whose terms expired before the 16th instant, or rather subject them immediately to conscription, this army will be weakened beyond calculation.

Re-elections have greatly reduced its value.

Please answer by telegraph.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Lee's House, April 28, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter in relation to assignment of Brigadier General H. A. Wise to duty with this army.

As I told you in Richmond these troops are already organized. The number of brigadier-generals is rather greater than that required. A command for General Wise cannot, therefore, be formed without reorganizing the army. With the enemy at rifle shot from us that cannot be done.

General Wise was ordered to join me with his troops. The troops were afterward sent elsewhere, dispersed. I proposed to you and the honorable Secretary of War that the general should be permitted to reorganize those troops and join me with them. This suggestion seemed to me to have your approval. I respectfully repeat it.

Goucester Point is now commanded by an officer who is said to be very efficient; he has had opportunity to study its defense. I submit to your judgment if it is expedient to put a new man in command (new in regard to that position, I mean) just as the enemy is about to attack.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

APRIL 28, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding C. S. Forces:

GENERAL: Nothing new this morning to report except the arrival of transports with troops at the mouth of Wormley. Two steamers came in about dark, one certainly loaded with troops. The works were considerably strengthened in front of us last night. There are now seven gunboats in the offing.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 28, 1862.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT:

SIR: I have the honor to state that out of twelve regiments now at Dam No. 1 there are four companies, armed with long-range guns, and constitute the only corps of sharpshooters. They have almost constantly been on duty, as their position is a dangerous one, I would respectfully ask that one of General Hood's Texas regiments, or any other regiment armed with long-range guns, be detailed to constitute, with

