
the four already there, a corps of sharpshooters to act against the enemy at that point. They could be divided into three reliefs, and render essential service. As it is, the enemy has vastly the advantage of us, and shoot at every man and horses they see exposed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, South Mills, N. C., April 28, 1862-1 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy's gunboats are reported in motion up the river, but only two as yet as far as Opossum Quarter Landing. Colonel Brabble, Thirty-second North Carolina Volunteers, having refused to obey orders, is sent to you under charges; also Adjutant Parker. I hope they will be dismissed without delay, for if the orders are not obeyed we have no army. I send a copy of his letter. He positively refused me in person. Adjutant Parker refused to form his regiment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,A. G. BLANCHARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

P. S.-1.15 p.m. Three boats reported.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, Norfolk, Va., April 28, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

I recommend that the President dismiss Colonel Brabble for positive and willful disobedience of orders, especially when the order was to move toward the enemy. The letter of Colonel Brabble is sufficient evidence.

BENJ. HUGER,Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 30, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General Lee.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHARDSON'S FARM, April 18, 1862.

Captain W. L. RIDDICK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have received an order from headquarters to send a company near the mouth of the canal to protect laborers to-day. The order has not been obeyed, as I cannot get a company there without marching it 7 miles; whereas a company can be sent from the other side my marching one-third of that distance.

I suppose that it must have been thought that I could send the company by [way] of the river, but this is rendered impossible by the obstructions as well as want of transportation. However, if it was meant

