
the larger vessels, taking the same route as the Virginia (having much greater speed), would also reach the river before me if they declined engaging her on the route.

On reaching the Poquosin, if the pilots be right I should find the enemy's transports out of my reach, and thus at a great hazard and without deriving any advantage abandon the defense of Norfolk and the moral effect produced by the presence of the Virginia on the enemy's operations in the James River.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH TATNALL,

Flag-Officer, Commanding.

LEE'S FARM, April 30, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch in relation to negroes just received. We want at least 800 negroes; they are indispensable. These can be returned when others are sent in their places.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, DEPARTMENT OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General McLAWS,Commanding Second Div., Right Wing:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that Colonel Goode with the cavalry at present with him, has been ordered to report to you.

Major-General Magruder directs that two regiments of infantry, one battery of artillery, and Colonel Goode's cavalry be at once ordered, under such commander as you may select, to proceed to the lower portion of the Peninsula, in the vicinity of the McIntosh house, and make such demonstrations as to cause the impression that we are prepared to receive them should they attempt to cross the river.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, RIGHT WING, ARMY NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Lee's Farm, April 30, 1862.

Major RHETT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I referred a communication directly to General Johnston from Brigadier-General Jones in relation on the state of disorganization and disaffection in the First Kentucky Regiment, belonging to the Army of the Potomac, in which Brigadier-General Jones recommended that this regiment, which has just come out of the trenches, be relieved temporarily by one of the regiments of the reserve, of Major-General Smith's command, which has had little duty to perform as yet, and is perfectly fresh, whilst the other regiments in the front have been exposed to the weather without fire most of the time and under fire of the enemy, and should at least have occasional relief.

To this communication Lieutenant-Colonel Cary, assistant

inspector-general

