HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION RESERVE, May 1, 1862.

Major-General HILL,Commanding Left:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I just heard from the troopers a verbal answer to my question "To-morrow evening at sundown." There must be some misapprehension. I have received orders to move my trains to-morrow morning at daylight immediately after yours, and am sure that General Smith informed met that your wagons would all move to-night and your troops to-morrow night. If your trains don't move until to-morrow night the whole movement will have to be altered - at least all my orders and arrangements. General Johnston sent the orders relative to movement of trains, and I am expressly directed to follow your wagons with mine at daylight to-morrow. The movement of troops is independent of them and takes place the next night.

Very truly,yours,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 2, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 1st instant* has been received, and your directions to General Huger, Captain Lee, and Flag-Officer Tatnall forwarded to Norfolk. The Secretary of War went to Norfolk this morning to make arrangements preparatory to the evacuation of that department and for securing the public property at the forts and navy-yard, and to endeavor to send the unfinished gunboats to this city. All the time that can be gained will facilitate these operations. It is not known under what necessity you are acting or how far you can delay the movements of the enemy, who it is presumed will move up York River as soon as opened to him to annoy your flank. His advance on land can be retarded, and he might be delayed in effecting a landing on York River until your stores are withdrawn. The safety of all your ammunition is of the highest importance, and I feel every assurance that everything that can be accomplished by forethought, energy, and skill on your part will be done. If it is possible for the Virginia, which upon the fall of Norfolk must be destroyed, to run into Yorktown at the last movement and destroy the enemy's gunboats and transports, it would greatly cripple his present and future movements, relieve your army from pursuit, and prevent its meeting the same army in Northern Virginia.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

HEADQUARTERS, Lee's Farm, May 2, 1862.

Captain J. R. TUCKER, C. S. N.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have ordered the withdrawal of the troops from this line to take place, if practicable, to-night. While the Virginia holds Hampton Roads you will only have to guard against the effect

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

