
of the guns of the enemy from the shore. I have to request that, in addition to aiding in saving the heavy guns and other valuable material in the batteries, you will send the Jamestown as soon as possible to the King's Mill Wharf, for the purpose of transporting the sick now there to Richmond. I desire this because we have been disappointed in procuring other transportation, and it is of the greatest importance to have all the sick removed before the troops are drawn back. The vessel in rendering this invaluable service will only be occupied fifteen or eighteen hours, when she will report to you again. The sick should be on board this afternoon.

I would desire that after the troops have fallen back you continue to observe and control the upper James River as long as practicable, in order to prevent the enemy from crossing and attempting to cut off our forces retiring from Norfolk. When hard pressed you will retire upon Richmond.

The garrison at Jamestown Island has been ordered to Richmond by water. You will oblige me by inquiring to-morrow whether they have adequate water transportation, and, if not, furnish it to them from your squadron, and at the same time lend such assistance as may be necessary in getting off the heavy guns and ordnance stores. The garrison numbers between 500 and 600.

Whatever of valuable property that might be useful to the enemy should be destroyed if it is not practicable to remove it.

Your letter of this date is just received, and the object of [it] I anticipated as above.

[Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. E. JOHNSTON.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No.-. Lee's Farm, May 2, 1862.

I. The artillery, except the heavy guns, will be withdrawn from the batteries and lines in front at as early an hour this evening as practicable (after sunset) without being observed by the enemy,and put at once in march for Williamsburg.

II. The main portion of the infantry will be withdrawn immediately after dark, leaving behind a sufficient advance picket to hold position until 2 o'clock to-night, at which time they will be withdrawn and take up the same line of march as the other troops to Williamsburg.

III. The cavalry will hold their position until after daylight, and then keep a close watch upon the movements of the enemy.l

IV. Major-General Hill, with a portion of his troops, will keep up an active fire from his heavy guns until after midnight. The other position of his command will move at dark.

V. The two detached brigades of the reserve will move at the same hour. General Whiting's division of the reserve, with two batteries of artillery and the cavalry of his division, will remain in position until General Hill's troops have passed; they will then take up the line of march, becoming the rear guard upon the road from Yorktown to Williamsburg.

VI. The commands of Major-General Longstreet and Magruder will retire by the routes taken by their wagons trains respectively, each command furnishing a brigade, with one battery of artillery, each up their rear; on arriving at the point where the two roads unite the command of General Magruder will pass first upon the road.

VII. Orders have been given for parking the trains, and quartermasters

