
will be directed to conduct the different commands to the ground upon which the trains are parked. The troops will, if practicable, bivouac with or near their wagons. The order of march for to-morrow will be communicated to major-generals and separate commander at or near Williamsburg. The whole command will be held in readiness to move from that place at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.

VIII. All detached portions of cavalry serving with divisions and brigades, expecting small escorts to division commanders, will report to Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart upon reaching Williamsburg.

By command of General Johnson:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., May 3, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding Department of Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: The determination of General Johnston to fall back on the Peninsula renders it necessary that you should prepare for a speedy evacuation of Norfolk. You will accordingly send to Raleigh all the ammunition not necessary for your field batteries and for such heavy guns as you may use to cover the evacuation. You will next send to the same point all your provisions not required for the use of the troops during the evacuation and their march to Petersburg, and such clothing as you may have on hand; and you will then send to Richmond or Raleigh, according to your means of transportation, as many of the heavy guns as you have time to move, preferring those of the heaviest caliber, and especially the rifled guns of the navy pattern. The carriages should be sent with the guns if possible, and such shot and shell, especially for the rifled guns, as can be carried. Whatever public property will be of use to the enemy and cannot be carried off must be destroyed. You will take the control of the railroads leading out of Norfolk and Potsmouth and allow nothing to impede the transportation of the Government. I wish you act in concert with the commandant of the navy-yard, and to facilitate the removal of such public property from the

navy-yard, as may be selected for removal. You will bear in mind, however, that the preservation of your army is of the first importance, and that its safety must not be too much hazarded by your efforts to save the public property. I would suggest, therefore, that it will be well to concentrate it as speedily as possible near Suffolk, leaving in position only such portion as may be necessary to cover the evacuation. To do this effectually it will be well to observe the shores of James River and the approaches to Norfolk on the Norfolk on the North Carolina side, and to hold the enemy in check, if he advances, until you entire army is withdrawn from Norfolk, and Portsmouth and placed beyond the possibility of capture by a superior force. A brigade of not less than three regiments will be required at once for service north of Richmond, and should be marched forthwith to Suffolk, to be sent thence by railroad or by the country roads, as may be hereafter directed. If transportation in addition to that already on the railroads can be used to advantage call upon the Department, and such rolling stock will be furnished as can be procured from other roads. I would further suggest, as additional means of protection on the North Carolina side, that you destroy the locks of the Dismal Swamp Canal forthwith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

