HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 7, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,Commanding Department of Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 5th instant* and am pleased to learn that you are progressing favorably with your movements. I have this morning telegraphed to you relative to the disposition of the guns and troops. It is desired that you remove all the guns that you possibly can, selecting the best first. Please to have the columbian (or nay 68-pounders), with some of the navy rifled guns, sent to this place, leaving four guns at Petersburg for a battery to protect obstructions in the Appomattox River. The others may be sent to Raleigh, N. C. I can appreciate your objections to dismantling the advanced batteries, but think it advisable to save the more valuable guns, if possible. Could they not be removed under cover of night? Colonel Clarke's regiment had better be left in North Carolina. Please order him to report to General Holmes. Other regiments, as they can be spared, will be sent here. Please consolidate their organization into brigades when practicable, sending those of one brigade in succession. When everything has been done it is desired that you will come here also.

I have to inform you that it will be necessary to withdraw General Loring from your command. The order will be issued in a day or two, assigning him to duty elsewhere.

If the companies of cavalry formerly attached to the Wise Legion, and now forming a part of Davis' regiment, can be spared, please send them up, that they may join their regiment, now in General Johnston's army, on the Peninsula.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 7, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: Information has just been received from Major-General Loring, commanding at Suffolk, that the troops are moving from Smithfield and the batteries by your order. General Loring says:

I do not think that it can be known to him that General Huger has not moved away from Norfolk.

I have telegraphed General Loring to the effect that troops must not move from positions necessary to maintain communication with Norfolk before the stores, men, &c., are withdrawn from that place; that the outposts must be prepared for evacuation, but not abandoned before the proper time, and I have directed him to communicate with General Huger on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

By W. H. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

32 R R-VOL XI, PT III

