
manding general (by telegram March 23, I think) by me, and that it had been issued so as to systematize and commit to one competent person the making of all preparations for a landing.

The reply of the commanding general indicated that he had dispatched part of the means relied on to Fort Monroe, and caused me to presume that he meant to keep the whole subject to his decision after arriving at Fort Monroe.

If it is decided that McDowell's corps is to land, and where it is to land, it would certainly be desirable that he should have all his means with him, and it was on this supposition that General McDowell is supposed to have issued the order.

As a large part of the means are, however, presumed to be order to Fort Monroe, and there has been some unavoidable souses for so doing, General Woodbury's suggestion seems a proper one.

Whether after arriving at Fort Monroe my duties will permit me to give much personal attention to collecting craft is doubtful, nor do I know whether Captain Duane will be free for this matter.

Would it not be well with the two companies General Woodbury proposes to send to send also the colonel of the New York Fifteenth, a sailor, and well qualified for the collection and management of the scows, &amp;c., which will be collected there.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Numbers 5. March 23, 1862.

I. Captain Duane, Engineers, will report for duty with his battalion to Brigadier-General Woodbury, who is with his brigade, now attached to Franklin's division.

II. Brigadier-General Woodbury is charged with the duty of providing the necessary means of landing a large body of infantry, artillery, and cavalry,with their stores and munitions, from a fleet of transports to the shore, other than such as the Quartermaster's Department may supply, in the way of light-draught steamboats, the number and draught of which he will ascertain and include in his calculations.

It is contemplated embarking the three divisions of the First Corps together, and it is intended they should be disembarked as rapidly as possible and go immediately into action. The Navy is to protect the landing with its armed vessels.

As General Woodbury is aware of the possible places where the landing is to be effected, he will take into account the depth of water and the draught of the transports and the distance they will have to lie from the shore.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure 2.]
HEADQUARTERS, &C., March 29, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,Commanding First Army Corps, Alexandria, Va.:

GENERAL: Many of the flats and other craft and all the wooden pontoons required to land men and guns rapidly are now at Fort Monroe.

