
prepare it for removal; and should the danger become imminent, you will remove it without waiting for further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

(A similar letter addressed to Colonel Edmund Fontaine, president of the Virginia Central Railroad.)

RICHMOND, May 9, 1862.

WILLIAM PANNILL,

Provost-Marshal, Petersburg:

Move 10,000 pounds to Raleigh and 5,000 to the nearest safe place, from which it can be used for your city defenses. get all out of reach from the river at once.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday, and am glad to hear that the work of removal is progressing favorably. With you I object to destruction for destruction's sake, and hope that you will be enabled to remove everything of value. As regards the point at which to collect your troops, I did not intend to interfere with your instructions from the Department to rendezvous at Petersburg. I merely intended to designate this city as their probable ultimate destination, to he held available to thrown in front of Richmond if necessary. As I advised you on yesterday, the line of road from Petersburg to Weldon is to be held. All points east of that line necessary to its security must be guarded. The exact disposition is left to your judgment. It is not desired, however, to station any large force at Petersburg, but your force could at least rendezvous at that point and be held available for a movement in this direction, should it become advisable or necessary. The brigade of General Mahone, as you have been advised, has been ordered in advance to Gordonsville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Kent Court-House, May 9, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, C. S. A.:

SIR: I received last evening our letter in relation to my aiding in the obstruction of the navigation of the Pamunkey.

This work i respectfully suggest should have been directed by the Government and completed by this time. Your letter was written while I was still in Williamsburg. It is received after the enemy's gunboats have possession of the river. Our field pieces cannot contend with their heavy guns.

