HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 10, 1862.

General J. H. WINDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: General Johnston telegraphs that he desires all soldiers of his army now in Richmond to be sent down by railroad to Summit Station, with full cartridge boxes.

The enemy is reported to be advancing. I desire that you will cause all these troops to be sent at once and all the Texas recruits now in the city previously reported as ready to move.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, May 10, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 9th have been received. The object of the President in obtaining a general for the portion of your army on the Rappahannock was with a view that operations of its several divisions might be combined to attack the enemy, who seemed to have exposed himself and his lines of communication, and to prevent any movement that might threaten your rear. He still thinks such a commander very desirable, but as the condition of things is now changed, and the branches of your army are brought nearer, it may not be so important as it was while you were occupied in front of Yorktown. Your command still includes the Department of Northern Virginia, and the army on the Rappahannock is under your control.

In addition to the three guns originally at Drewry's bluff several navy guns have been mounted, and every exertion is being made to render the obstructions effective and the battery commanding it as formidable as possible.

It would appear from your letter of the 9th that you had not received mine of the 8th, giving you detailed information as regards the strength and position of our army near Fredericksburg. I presume it has subsequently reached you. In a letter this morning received from General Anderson he reports that the enemy have crossed over one regiment perhaps more. General Patrick, brigade commander, has headquarters in Fredericksburg. He states the strength of the enemy at nearly 40,000 and increasing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

RICHMOND, VA., May 10, 1862.

General JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: In a letter from General Huger, dated this morning, he says:

At 8 last evening the vedettes from City Point reported four of the enemy's steamers were laying off City Point. I send a picket to the neighborhood of City Point to observe them.

General Huger reports nothing since.

