
Barhamsville. He has been cautious about the pursuit since the three fights. Our own loss has been heavy. At Williamsburg we must have had a thousand killed and wounded. I fear even a heavier loss.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 108. Richmond, Va., May 10, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

VI. The regiment of cavalry under Colonel J. Lucius Davis, the Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Richardson, the Twentieth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel Nat. Tyler, the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under Colonel Henningsen (that portion not captured and paroled), and McComas' light battery, will from a brigade, under the command of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, and will report to General J. E. Johnston for duty.

* * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1862.

Major-General HUGER, or the OFFICER IN COMMAND AT SUFFOLK:

Notify General Wool that we shall send the prisoners down James River to-morrow, and that we were prevented from sending them last Monday by the movements of the armies. This should be done immediately, so that he may send steamers to receive them. There will be probably 800 sent. Ask him to what point we shall send the prisoners in North Carolina. Take up the railroad tracks on both roads east of Suffolk as far as possible, and send the iron of the Seaboard and Roanoke road to Clarksville, and that of the Norfolk and Petersburg road to the junction of the South Side and Richmond and Danville roads. When the troops retire from Suffolk continue the same thing westward, letting the last train take up the iron behind it. remove the rolling stock of the first road to Weldon or west of it, and that of the other to Petersburg, when the troops retire.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: Your letter and one of General Longstreet's were laid before me for attention to the recommendations of officers therein contained.

Your attention has been heretofore called to the law in relation to the organization of brigades and divisions. Orders were long since given to bring the practice and the law into conformity, and recently reports have been asked for from the commanders of separate armies as to the composition of their respective brigades and divisions. I have been much harassed and the public interest has certainly suffered by the delay to place the regiments of some of the States in brigades together,

