
Such of these vessels, large and small, as are to be used for the service in question, and are not to be sent back to this place, should be collected at Fort Monroe and put in order for that service.

I propose to send down two companies of the Fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteers to Fort Monroe to assist in the necessary preparations.

I suggest that General McClellan direct Brigadier-General Barnard to give his personal attention to these preparations, and that one or more of the engineer officers attached to the battalion of Captain Duane be detailed for this special service.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY.

[STEAMER] COMMODORE, March 29, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The transports containing Gorman's brigade have left. The remainder of Hunt's artillery reserve is afloat. All the regular cavalry except the Second Regiment has now embarked. Colonel Ingalls expects to have Casey's division off by to-morrow, except, perhaps, the artillery, and the says that by retaining the transports now here, and including those expected within the next two or three days, and those that taken down Casey's division, which are expected to return within sixty hours, he can embark the First Army Corps by Wednesday next. Hooker's division can be embarked on Monday and Tuesday if no other troops are sent after to-morrow.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 30, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A northeast storm raging. The great guns are ready for efficient action. The fleet of steam rams is ready to receive the Merrimac. She will probably come out when the storm abates, but may remain at Norfolk until McClellan places his army and supplies upon transports; but she can do no harm. The troops are arriving and debarking slowly. If the Merrimac does not come out to-morrow I will return, unless you desire me to remain. Telegraph instructions.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, March 30, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters:

Colonel Farnsworth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, which eleven companies of his regiment, is in advance, scouting toward the Rappahannock. A brigade is in hand to support him, if necessary. In addition to the three officers reported captured yesterday there are two others now absent-a lieutenant and an assistant surgeon-who are supposed to have been taken prisoners by the enemy's scouts. They left camp without any authority whatever. Stringent orders have been promulgated to the corps with reference to straggling. General Orders, No. 10, March 30, prescribes that no officer or enlisted man shall pass the guards of the bivouac excepting by special permission from these headquarters of when on duty. To insure that all remain within their

