
accounts from General Anderson, approaches 40,000. Probably it is the whole of McDowell's column, and I hope exaggerated.

As our troops recede the enemy will naturally follow. Toward what point in the vicinity of Richmond do you desire them to concentrate?

General Huger has left Norfolk, and I presume the enemy is in it. General Holmes at Goldsborough. A brigade from Generals Holmes and Huger has been drawn into Virginia to strengthen the army on the Rappahannock. It is in this way that General anderson becomes the commanding general at Fredericksburg. I will forward him any directions you may have for his guidance and for the other divisions of your army. If general anderson retires south of the junction of the Central and Fredericksburg Railroad it will interrupt the railroad communication with General Jackson and Ewell, and from the tenor of your letter it may be necessary for him to come nearer him to come neater this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Near Cross-Roads, May 12, 1862.

Major General D. H. Hill:

GENERAL: General Johnston desires that you inquire into the inclosed report, taken from the New York Herald, to ascertain if there is any truth in the statement, to find out if there were any torpedoes placed, and, if so, when, where, and by whom.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The works where the enemy say the torpedoes were placed were those at Yorktown.

[Inclosure.]

TORPEDOES.

[Extract from General McClellan's report.]

The rebels have been guilty of the most murderous and barbarous conduct in placing torpedoes within the abandoned works near wells and springs, and near flag-staffs, magazines, and telegraph office, in carpet-bags, barrels of flour, &amp;c.

We have not lost many men in this manner-some 4 or 5 killed and perhaps a dozen wounded. I shall make the prisoners move them at their own peril.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 12, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that such is the pressure in Virginia that it has become necessary to concentrate our

---------------

* These papers were sent to Major-General Hill; were referred by him to Brigadier-General Rains, and were answered under date of May 14. See also Sorrel to Rains, May 11.

---------------

