
forces as much as possible, in order to be enabled successfully to meet the heavy of the enemy in their attempt to advance on Richmond, and it may be necessary to draw still further from your command for the purpose of re-enforcing the Army of Northern Virginia. You are desired, therefore, to hold yourself in readiness to send on another brigade from the troops of your command, should it be required.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., May 12, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

There are several schooners here belonging to private individuals.

May I fill them with rock and sink them in the river?

By sinking these vessels it will greatly aid in obstructing the river.

WM. TURNBULL,

Government Agent.

RICHMOND, May 13, 1862.

WILLIAM TURNBULL, Petersburg:

Whatever is required by the officer charged with the duty of obstructing the river may be taken, but it will create confusion if other persons undertake to make obstructions.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 13, 1862.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

GOVERNOR: The necessity for re-enforcement to General Johnston's army is so great as to render it necessary, I fear, to withdraw more troops from your State. I therefore respectfully urge upon Your Excellency the great importance of sending to General Holmes your new regiments to replace troops that may be withdrawn from him. It is with extreme reluctance, I assure Your Excellency, that further drafts will be made upon the army under General Holmes; but I believe the surest way protect North Carolina from invasion is to drive the enemy from Virginia. The President has determined to appoint General Martin and Colonel Clingman brigadier-generals in the Confederate service, which he hopes will be pleasing to Your excellency and the troops of your State.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Kent Court-House:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of to-day by Major Cole in reference to the supply of provisions for your army in the event of Richmond falling into the hands of the enemy. It has been the policy

