
RICHMOND, VA., May 14, 1862.

Major-General HUGER, Petersburg:

The President wishes you to have four companies of light troops at Drewry's bluff at daylight. You will send them by special train, and they must leave the railroad near Drewry's house about 2 1/2 miles from Drewry's Bluff. They will act as a covering force for the battery, under the command of the senior officer of the army present.

You will send General Mahone's brigade to the same point as soon as practicable, and he will assume the command on his arrival there.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 14, 1862.

Major-General HUGER,

Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Presuming from your telegraph to Captain Rives this evening that you have not received General Lee's telegram ordering you to send General Mahone's brigade to Drewry's Bluff, I send Captain Blackford, of the Engineer Corps, to conduct the brigade to its destination. You will send it as soon as practicable, and direct General Mahone to assume the command of the post. He will find Captain Farrand, of the Navy, in charge of the battery and the obstruction. The President wishes General Mahone to superintend the engineering operations and to cover the battery with his brigade. He will have an engineer officer assigned to his command, and will cause the obstruction to be completed as rapidly as possible by the deposit of loose stone. He will have the guns mounted and the batteries caseated. You will send on in advance of the brigade four companies of light troops, who will report to the Army officer present, and be employed in covering the battery and as sharpshooters on the bluff. These are the troops of which General Lee spoke to you, and which we hoped would be in position last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Cross-roads, New Kent County, May 14, 1862.

General R. E. Lee:

SIR: The cavalry force of this army is inadequate-entirely out of proportion to the other arms of the service.

I am informed that there are many bodies of cavalry in Virginia under your control. If so, I beg that they may be assigned here, as it is certain that their services cannot be more valuable elsewhere. It is said that there are several of these bodies of cavalry at or near Richmond.

I solicit your earliest attention to this matter, as time is all important to us now.

Most respectfully, your servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

