
Finally, I conclude by stating that the enemy's vessels appoached Yorktown April 6, 1862, and without a word of warning to innocent women and children, as at New Berne, N. C., my native place, they commenced to pitch into the town, at a distance of 4 miles, entirely beyond the range of our guns, massive beams of iron 18 inches long and enormous shells (which they continued for a month), both by day and even at the hour of midnight, bursting with awful noise and scattering their death-dealing fragments among the innocent and unoffending, fiendish acts unknown among civilized nations, reversing the scriptural text that it is better for ninety-nine guilty persons to escape than for one innocent to suffer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade, Rear Guard.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 14, 1862-8 p. m.

General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have just heard from the general that there are strong indications of a movement around our left, and that to hear it early in the morning; though the general writes, at the same time he thinks that the enemy will not risk a battle now that the James River is opened to their gunboats. the fight, it is thought, will be a great thing for us.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

The general wants your division to cross the river at Turner's Bridge. Your wagons had better go on as they now are and camp as before directed.

There are plenty of rations at the Dispatch Station. We will not cross, of course, if the battle may be.

J. L.

RICHMOND, May 14, 1862.

PROVOST-MARSHAL, Petersburg:

You will afford the owners of negroes who desire to remove them on the approach of the enemy, and are obstructed by the persons to whom they are hired, such facilities as they would have if martial law had not been declared, and you may consult counsel on the subject.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, May 14, 1862.

WILLIAM PANNILL,

Provost-Marshal, Petersburg:

Permit the owners of every kind of property to remover it to places of safety, if they desire to do so.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

