HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 15, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward for your information the following copy of a dispatch just received from Major-General Ewell, dated Swift Run Gap, May 14, 1862:

Under instructions from General Jackson I am moving down the valley. I have ordered part of the farces to cross the ridge via Madison Court-House and Fisher's Gap.

General Mahone, who is in command at Drewry's Bluff, where he has most of his brigade, reports that the enemy's gunboats opened on the batteries on the river this morning at 8 o'clock. Only the two iron boats engaged. No one exposed and no chance for sharpshooters. No signs of landing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 16, 1862.

General B. HUGER,

Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday's date, reporting the execution of the orders relative to the movement of General Mahone's brigade, &amp;c. As regards your request to have officers acquainted with the localities sent you, I know of none except the engineer officers sent by Captain Rives, and who are well acquainted with the topography of the country along the river. You can employ local guides, who would be able to render you material assistance in becoming acquainted with the roads, localities, &c.

In my telegram of yesterday, in reply to yours relative to the destruction of the wharf and warehouse at City Point, I intended to convey the idea that the property should be destroyed if it was of a character to be useful to the enemy. Not being on the spot, and having no knowledge of either wharf or warehouse, I left it to your judgment to decide of the advisability of the step proposed.

Cavalry is very much needed with General Johnston. I desire you to send the four companies formerly of the Wise Legion, and recently stationed at Murfreesborough, to join their regiment, under Colonel Davis, as soon as practicable.

I would suggest that a battery of light artillery be placed at Mill Rock to oppose the ascent of the river by the enemy's transports. It has been reported that this bluff might be blasted, so as to obstruct the channel; please examine into feasibility of this step. If practicable, it might be blasted so as to crush the boats in passing or after their passage, so as to shut them in.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 16, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of this morning. As regards

