
regimental and company lines roll calls are held every hour during the day until tattoo throughout the entire corps. Some few privates are reported as captured by the flying scouts of the enemy. These scouts are, it is supposed, in league with the people living in our vicinity, and it is impossible to decide whether a farmer is a bona fide farmer or a Confederate soldier in farmer's clothes.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Corps.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, VA., March 30, 1862-9.30 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel Farnsworth, with his regiment (Eighth Illinois Cavalry), has returned from a reconnaissance toward the Rappahannock River. He penetrated to the high ground above the burned bridge, and saw no enemy. He reports that the country is clear between this point and the river. From information derived by questioning the people in the vicinity of his route he is of the opinion that the enemy has retired to the Rapidan.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 31, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The President directs that Blenker's division be sent forward to Harper's Ferry, there to wait further orders, instead of being sent to Fort Monroe. Please acknowledge this order.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1862-6.40 p.m. (Received 7 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Dispatch in reference to Blenker's division received. Am I at liberty to move Richardson's division here for embarkation, leaving Blenker to be relieved by Banks, or must Richardson wait? The last arrangement would delay my operations. Shall Blenker move to Harper's Ferry via Washington?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, March 31, 1862-p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I would respectfully ask to be informed what I am to understand by the withdrawal of the two principal divisions from my army corps, and leaving me the German division only, which, in my opinion, is the least effective division in the whole army.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Second Corps.

---------------

*See also the President to McClellan on this subject, Series I, Vol. V, pp. 58,62.

---------------

