
side of the river at least. You had better send two, if you can spare them or a courier with your officer to guide you to the place. My division will move in front of the wagons and go on to its position. Yours will have [to] come behind your wagons, and will find its position by the guide that you will send to me.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, May 16, 1862.

General D. H. HILL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have no rations that I know of; will endeavor to get some for you as soon as possible. Rations were to spare, you know, yesterday. I believe I showed you the general's note in which he said that the delay was on account of the surplus rations at the station. If I can get them, where will you have them? Where you now are or at the place you expect to be? In the mean time make your own commissary take care to look out for you. It is as much as my commissary can do to look out for this division. I have no extra man for that service, and yours should be as able to take care of you as mine.

I consider that you are only under my command for the purposes of the march and battle and its appendages, such as guards.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

Rations for a day will be sent you, my commissary says, and reach you by 9 o'clock.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 16, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM MAHONE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: On the 12th instant eight companies of heavy artillery were sent to Drewry's Bluff and Chaffin's bluff to assist in the construction of the batteries being erected on James River at those points. The companies were those of Captains Bowyer, Delaney, Price, Sale, Jones, Bailey, Pierce, and Patterson. In consideration of the presence of your brigade and the increase in the number of laborers since that time, they are regarded as no longer necessary for the prosecution of the work in question; and as they were about being organized with others into a regiment of infantry, I am directed by General Lee to say that he desires you to order them to report to the commanding officer at Camp Lee, near this city, that they may complete their organization and equipment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

